3	this is a great little escape, right on the strip.  too bad it's only 9 par 3 holes.  nevertheless, it's a fun place to stop into if you're just looking for a 2 hour diversion.  btw, the course conditions were horrible.  it's WAAAAY overplayed.
4	Personally, I love the Callaway Golf Center and have had a great experience there.  When in town for business, my usual afternoons end on the driving range there.  I have purchased a number of gloves at the shop there, and now just leave one in my briefcase.  They are more than willing to lend golf clubs, but you do that at the store counter.  You ask there, and they are more than willing to let you try them out (Callaway clubs of course).  The driving range is two levels, and the upper deck can be brutal in the heat of the summer.  I recommend the lower deck/shaded area.  The range is well marked with the distances.  The course is fun there.  All par 3 holes, and good for the short game.  But again, in summer can be brutal with the heat (and the course does suffer).  One thing to watch for, is the aircraft taking off and landing as the course is in the airport path.  There is a full bar with TV's inside, to get a libation before you press on with your day/evening.  Have not tried to eat there, but they also serve food.
3	This is a pretty terrible place to play.  I mean the driveways aren't bad, but the course is just terrible.  The conditions on each hole are ridiculously bad with patches in the grass and dirt everywhere.  The prices aren't too bad though unless you're going to buy clubs here which I suggest you don't.  The service is at par.  People are friendly which is a plus.  A bit loud since it's near the airport, and it's kind of a hassle to get out of this area.
3	I hardly ever play a round here. The course is just a little executive course (9 holes, longest hole par 3, 180 yards). But it does have night lighting and if you have fun playing with other golfers of lesser skill, come to this course. Here you can have bets...get wasted on the course and get wasted off the course.They also have a Callaway Store, a huge one too. They don't just sell Callaways here, they have a few Titleist clubs, balls and accessories too. I only play Titleist, so there. But if you want to buy a new set of Callaway irons and/or woods. Come here, they have state of the art simulators they detect swing speed, ball speed and launch angle. They assess your game and can fit you into the best clubs for your game.If you want to start playing this game, first come here to get fitted for clubs. It's for all skill levels...and Callaway clubs are for beginners. I play Titleists, because you need game to play Titleists!Last the range closes pretty late and it's a fun place to go with your buddies to have a few beers, get buzzed and drive balls 300+ yards. It's a lively place at night...so come here  before you go out clubbing or gambling.
5	My husband took me here and we had so much fun at the driving range that we came back the next day with friends. They gave us $400+ in clubs to borrow (each of us got an insanely light driver and a 6 Iron). When you're hitting from the second floor it seems as though you're able to hit it farther. Not sure if it's real or what but hey we had a blast.
2	I guess if you didn't know any better, Calloway Golf Center would be okay for a little pitch and putt  or to go hit the range.There is a cool view of the Strip at night from the course but overall it's not very challenging.What I liked about this place more than anything was getting to use a couple of Callaway clubs when I was at the  range.It's not that I hit the ball any better with those clubs.It's just comforting to know I can shank the golf ball with whatever club I have in hand.  I know I know.  How is that possible?  It's a gift.For those seriously looking for a better work on your game, try out to the dozen or so other places to play golf in Vegas.  The prices are better and course more challenging.
4	This place isn't bad. My first time going to driving range. The price isn't bad. $15 for 180ish golf balls. I went with 2 other people and split the cost, so it was like $5 each. They charge I think $10 if you don't have your own clubs. So if you bring your own club and go in groups, it wouldn't be expensive and it's a nice little break. When we went, it was like Nov, so it was a bit chili. Bring a jacket!
5	Went to their driving range for the first time last night, summer night right on the strip, hitting balls, doesn't get much better. ended up played 9 holes after that and the course is ok for a small 9 hole, but again playing right on the strip at night is not a bad time at all. will go again and again.9 bucks for 180 balls25 bucks for 2 to play 9 holes
4	I am a big fan of this place.  Always have been.  Today they had a demo day, and the guy doing it helped a buddy of mine with some impromptu golf lessons.
3	Overall, not a bad little joint to go hit some balls.  You might find a few serious golfers on the range working on their game, but its mostly beginners here.  I did appreciate they have a grass section of the driving range (I don't enjoy hitting off the mats), however they charge more for the golf balls (it was $12 for 90 balls I think, which is kinda steep).Perks at this place are the lighted range and the view of the strip (especially near dusk/night).  Nothing like continuously aiming for the Mandalay Bay or PH tower in the background while working on your swing.  Last sale of golf balls is at 8:30pm, so there plenty of time to drop in after the sun sets.They also have a little pitch and putt, and this would prob be okay for beginners learning the game.  Don't expect speedy play or any real challenging holes.
4	This is one of our regular driving range spots. The Good:*Location (plus it's convenient to Town Square so it's great for post golf drinking/dining/shopping)*Driving range is well maintained*Two levels - very large - decent view/atmosphere*The Bar inside. Grab a beer and bring it out to the range! Prices aren't all that bad ($4-$6 for beers)The Bad*Balls are relatively pricey. We spend around $10 everytime we come*You can't carry your bag inside so you have to hand it to them and then grab it again on the other side. You feel obligated to tip someone for holding your bag for 5 seconds, akward.
3	Calloway is getting worse not better the course is fairly well maintained but the guys in the clubhouse are not getting it. I spent the first 4 holes with a single and his girlfriend (who was not playing)shooting up my 4 Somme's ass. Since when do you start singles on a Saturday?!? Then after we let him hit through there was a deuce on our heels. Now trust me when I say there is no slow golf in my world I may play like shit but I play fast! So after our first 9 we decided to play another round. The guy at the desk said next tee time was 1:50???? It was 12:30 ain't no way I'm waiting an hour and twenty minutes. Now at this point we are a deuce after losing two cohorts and we happily volunteered to break up and fill in a threesome or join another deuce. Nope sorry 1:50 well OK, beer time thankfully there was a game on to take away some of the boredom. Half a beer and two innings later I strolled out for a Smoke( I smoke I know I suck) curious I made my way out to the first tee box. Where they were sending off another single and right behind him a deuce. Well there you go it's no freakin wonder they want me to wait an hour and twenty minutes. I went in to inquire and was told that the groups requested to play alone?!? AGAIN in what world do you send off anything besides 3 Somme's and 4 Somme's mid- morning on a Saturday. They want to play by themselves tuff shit! I really enjoy playing out here the Bar is great Rich and the girls do a great job there. The driving range just got a face-lift as did the pro-shop so you know they are trying but after this last trip I was a little hot. The sad part is I will keep coming back cause it is so freakin convenient.
3	Just got back for the first time from the driving range here.  This place gets the thumbs up for being located right next to the airport. The noise is a little distracting but it's a cool experience to practice your game while planes are taking off overhead and casinos lay off in the distance.They have five greens you can shoot for, which is nice, but the mats were kind of tired-looking and the two ball vending machines downstairs were broken.  They worked with the code we got when we bought the first bucket from the reception desk, but neither machine would take my credit cards even though they say they take cards.  I was too lazy to walk upstairs back to the desk to buy another bucket, so me and my buddy split a bucket of 90 ($9 for mats, $12 for grass) and just called it a day.Also, there's no dress code here (confirmed by calling), so unlike going to, say, Angel Park, you can just show up in shorts and a T-shirt and it's all good.I would think that if you are a casual golfer (like me), this would be a good place to come with some buddies while you're on your Vegas vacation (it's a short ride from Mandalay Bay).  There was a lot of talking going on which indicates to me that this place might be a little more on the fun side.  For example, nobody yelled at me when I "accidentally" cursed at the ball a couple of times, which usually gets me a couple of glares at other places (dude - not my fault - they make golf balls that intentionally go sideways, right?).Can't comment on the par 3 course, the shop, or the bar, but I look forward to checking them out sometime.
4	I'm upgrading my review to four stars instead of three, simply because they were playing Pink Floyd at the driving range the other day.  There is nothing like hitting golf balls out on the Strip at dusk to the sounds of "Us and Them" while planes are taking off overhead.   Cheers to that!
3	I played the last few holes of the par 3 course with just my putter and made par on two of them. /bragIt is what it is. I think it's cool that the airport is right there, but it's not the serene image of golf you have in your head when you want to relax.Open late, night golfing is an option, free drinks when you play a round... it's just solid. Yeah, solid. Kapow!Tangentially, I'd like to find somebody to translate all of my reviews into spanish, that would be cool for me to read in the voice my brain attributes to spanish.
4	One of the things I can finally scratch off my bucket list is swinging the Mercedes Benz of golf clubs.  I'm not entirely sure that my game justifies the expense of golf clubs as nice as Callaways, but I've always been curious and since I have been taking lessons and getting better, I arrived here for a club fitting via a birthday present from Mrs. C.  She's so nice.  =)I probably swung about 50 balls on the outdoor driving range to warm up, and then Eli brought me inside to start the fitting process.  It's an indoor area the size of a large living room, and you swing into a net with sensors recording your club speed, ball flight, etc.  It's not really a lesson so you're not wearing any extra devices - just lay down your best swing and the computer does the rest.Eli had me try a couple of different irons with slight adjustments, and this guy clearly knows what he is doing.  He just needed a few swings to estimate that I probably swing driver ____ yards and pitching wedge ___ yards, and he was pretty close!  We kept experimenting with different variations, and when it came down to his final 2 recommendations, he brought me back outside to see the full flight of the ball and the difference between the clubs.  The good news is that I'm an average size guy with a decent swing, so his recommendation was a set of irons right off the shelf, with no adjustments necessary.Eli seemed to have connections to many of the golf courses in Vegas, so if I ever decide to go for a splurge round of golf, I'm definitely giving this guy a call.The Callaway Golf Center is a golf shop, practice range and is also home to a small golf course.  I didn't get to experience the full range of services, but I would definitely say that the club fitting was a great experience & if you're 1% curious, give it a try.
4	The driving range was redesigned this year and is about 100 times better than it was... it was in rough shape before....   The service is good and if  you work on the strip, they give you a discount during the week.   Everyone there is efficient and helpful and the rates arent too bad given the convenient location and such....   The only reason I didnt give this place 5 stars is because of their putting green...   It has more undulations than Augusta and its just plain unreasonable to try to get better putting there...
4	Recent trip update.... Once again on business, looking for a place to play late afternoon, etc. Callaway!  One negative (this trip) - No restaurant / Bar.  Now the food was not great, but sometimes not a big deal.  The positive ... they had a $19.95 all you could hit/play for the day from 7am-7pm.  Too, they are very flexible to have you leave, store clubs, and walk across the street for food.  The walk of the course is great.  Sometimes you play the round and think - why did I get a cart?  This is one of them.
3	It's a decent place to hit some range balls if you don't mind the airplane noise and constant busy-ness. (is that a word?)The grass hasn't been in really good shape for a long time now. It's always mediocre and they charge an extra $3 for a bucket of 90 balls. Since the remodel of the hitting area, it's way way better than it used to be. The balls seem to be in a little better average shape, and there are a lot more targets to hit now. It was a very good decision to make the changes and I feel they did a pretty good job. Wherever you are hitting from, you will have a good mix of targets and variety of distances to hit to and can work on your entire bag of clubs.The short game area: they definitely should have remodeled this area as well.  The green is way too slopy to have any kind of real greens speed. The green is always really shaggy and bumpy and it's pretty pointless even trying to work on your putting, unless you're a hack then you can work on developing a feel for how hard you want to hit it. Chipping area is basically non-existent, the green is really tiny, really slopy and the bunker next to is is also tiny and never in really good shape.  I guess my expectations might be a little high, but it wouldn't take that much $$$ to fix the short game area with as much business they get. There's very few operating costs as all ya gotta do is take peoples money, let them bang the balls out there, then send some minimum wage kid out there to pick em back up and put em back in the machine to sell em again.  Last I went, (about a week ago) they were still very much in the middle of the process of redo-ing their bar and grill area and it's gonna be some time before that's completed. My experiences with the bar and grill area was that it's very good for the money, you could get a burger and fries for pretty cheap (I wanna say like $4) when you showed them the receipt from the balls you just hit or are about to hit, which was a pretty good deal for the food that came out. They always had a solid burger, and a large amount of fries for $4.3 stars
3	Really good place to work on your Short Game.I mean... if you can get accurate on your Short Game the rest should fall into place, right?  (Provided you can hit your driver well... anyways...)I like playing here because you can get around their 9 'short' holes in about 75 minutes provided you aren't waiting on anyone in front of you.Great if you can be the first ones off in the morning... I think it's a perfect way to start the morning.The Greens are a little rough because you have hackers out there who don't know or don't care to fix their divots.  Come On People... Fix Your Divots!They have lots of driving range space... it's 2 levels plus they have an area where you can hit off the grass.  (The grass section is extra $.)  It's also lit so you can hit at night.Location:  Easy to find on LVB in between 215 and Sunset... easy in/out... good parking... if it gets busy they have a huge dirt lot you can park in.There's a Callaway store attached in case you need accesories / equipment.  And regularly they do demos.  They even have instructors/coaches that can help you with your swing.... you just need to call and make an appt.Fun place to take groups or to go after wok with a few buddies to hit balls and drink beers.
5	We wanted to get a game of golf in on our Vegas weekend, and we were prepared to bite the bulet and drop $150 - $200 for a round somewhere, however I left it too late to get a weekend tee time.This was our plan B and what a great plan B it was.Nine hole, par 3, go rond as many times as you like and get rentals for the princely sum of $45. Yes. There are bargains in Vegas. I played with my buddy John P, and we bought a dozen balls to play with, the fact that John kicked my butt is evidenced by the fact that at the end of 18 holes he gave me back the ball he started with whilst I had put about half a dozen of them into the water.Great views of the strip, fun with the planes overhead and a well kpey gol course.Cool driving range there too.
5	Went to Vegas for the weekend and ran across the Callaway golf center, thankfully I had my clubs in the trunk because they had a $25 play all day promo! I played 36 holes and had a blast, the course is short most holes around 110  to 150 yards par 3's awesome to work on your short game (which needed the most work for me). I will play here again. Staff was friendly, and there is some good deals in the pro shop as well.
5	Inexpensive fun place to go drive for awhile.  I like to drive at the ball retrieval cart.  Its improbable to hit an airplane with a golf ball.  The bar is great to drink in, that's what I really go for anyway.
5	Stayed in Vegas for a few days and brought my clubs.  I was looking for a driving range somewhere near the strip to hit some golf balls in the morning.  So the night before, I asked the concierge at the New York New York hotel if he knew of any driving ranges in the area.  I wanted to find a 24 hours driving range but he couldn't find any close by.  He did however recommend the Callaway Golf Center on Las Vegas Blvd.  If you are on the main strip.  It's on the left side of Las Vegas Blvd.; south of the airport.  Super easy to find.  Well when I got there.  I was pleased.  The place looked pretty nice.  The driving range has a upper level and lower level.  I ended up hitting on the upper level.  It was awesome.  To top that off, a small bucket of range balls is only $4.00.  That was the cheapest entertainment I have ever spent in Vegas.  Ended up going there again the next day.  It really is a nice place to get your golf on.They also have a 9 hole course as well as a pro shop.  Unfortunately, I was there too early and the pro shop wasn't open yet.  I guess that's a good thing because I am in the market for some new clubs.  The Diablo Elites are calling my name.On top of that, they have a bar near the pro shop.  Big screens can be seen throughout.  Looks like a cool place to hang out and watch a game.  Next time I am in Vegas.  I am going to play the course and maybe have a cocktail or two after.
5	I haven't been to many of the courses that Vegas has to offer, but I often find myself returning to Callaway for a round. This place is right across the street from Town Squre (making for a convenient location) and offers a killer deal!Pros:  Awesome deal... $35 unlimited golf, cart, and driving range!  Very nice course.  It's well-maintained.  Putting greens to help you practice your game.  Oh yeah!Cons:  Workers were trying to maintain the green during play.  Annoying!!  The golf carts are slow (this could be good though)  Water stations were not cold... Seriously ?Verdict:  If they just had cold water and got rid of the landscapers during tee time.  Seriously though, because of the killer deal of $35.00  how can I not give this place a 5 star !  I can overlook the small things for a price like this.  I'll take it.Tips:  Is it hot outside?  The downstairs driving range offers shade  There's another driving range near the last hole... Look for it !  Bring your own water.  Trust me, you'll be glad you did.  Callaway offers golf lessons (even for kids)!  Just a heads up.  If you go early, expect to see landscapers on the green.
4	This is a great golf center, and they can fit you out with anything from gear to a fun round of golf.  Their practice center is pretty decent, and they offer a grass driving range if you don't mind paying a couple extra dollars.  They also have a really helpful staff and some really good pros.  I like that they have the ability to videotape your swing and break it down to while you watch, it's cool to watch.  It should be noted that I've never used anything but the practice facilities here, but I've heard the course is nice, plus it has the advantage of being lit so you can player at night when it's "cooler" out.
4	inexpensive course - got a groupon for approx. $34 included the nine hole course, bucket of driving range balls and golf cart. Had a great time. If you don't mind jets flying over head, then get used to it. Unfortunately, I'm not used to playing courses with sand bunkers so I was stuck digging for my life on the last 4 holes ...
1	I was REALLY disappointed in the golf center today! These jokers have a HUGE sign On the side of a moving truck right outside their facility that says $25, play all day, or something to that effect. I have paid for this deal before and essentially for $25 they let you play as many loops as you can get it plus they give u unlimited range balls. Today when I tried to purchase this deal the guy at the front desk let me know they are not offering it today because it is a holiday. I was taken back a bit while REMEMBERING the HUGE sign I just saw on the side of 18 wheeler trailer. I reminded  him of the sign and he said the deal was not avail today. What horrible management! Who's running the place? Take the damn sign down if your not offering the deal. Move the trailer out of site or something. This was straight up false advertising and a BAD management decision to leave that sign up all day on day you are not honoring that deal. They should have offered some sort of consideration for this but their arrogance sent us across town angel parks cloud 9. It was in great shape and it appears as if they don't do false advertising.
1	My friends and I experienced a marketing scam at Calloway Golf Center which diminished our respect for the Calloway brand.  Unfortunately, this avoidable situation has instituted a boycott of this facility. We received a promo email from the Calloway Golf Center to 'Play Golf All Day' for $25 and to see the counter  for details.  So we booked a 3:30pm tee time over the phone and was informed that we would receive 90 range balls, cart, round of golf, and could play as many rounds as desired.  We asked the starter and tee booking counter if they foresee any issues with us playing 2 rounds.  We were told it would be no issue.  So we all paid $25 instead of using our Groupons.  We finished our first round at 4:45pm, ready for second round.  At that time, we were informed that there was no tee time available until 6pm and the 'Play Golf All Day ' promo ends at 5pm.  So, to play a second round we would have to pay the full price of $32 plus cart fee.  We asked to speak to the manager, Robert Gonzalez.  He could not alleviate the situation nor did he check the situation particulars.   This facility is taking advantage of tourist because of their location.
5	We looked for a driving range to take my niece and nephew to practice their swings. I have been to the Callaway Golf Center before but I only went in to their shop. This time we went to hit some golf balls. We paid $9 bucks for 90 golf balls (big basket) and rented a couple clubs. The irons were only $2 bucks and the drivers were $5 bucks to rent. Their driving range is two levels and we grabbed the lower level so we could have some shade. Their driving range is awesome. The next time we go I want to play the par 3 course as I heard it is pretty fun. When we went this time there was a tent sale with some pretty good deals. Since I have Callaway clubs this was a real treat. I refrained from purchasing anything but I must say if I wanted a new set that day that would have been a good day to buy it. Anyway, this golf center is awesome and hope to play a round their next time I visit.
5	This place gets better and better every time I go.They always have an awesome deal and the one I took advantage of today was the deal they had on Groupon not too long ago.  $17 for a golf cart rental, 90 balls at the driving range, and a round of golf on the 9 hole 3 par course!  Aside from that deal, I know they have all types of happy hours depending on the day and time you go.They had one today at the bar itself for a quarter pound burger and brew for under 10 bucks!  I forget the hours, but it definitely starts at 2pm.  I'd call ahead of time and inquire about the golfing happy hours.The golf shop had some killer deals as well.  We picked up a box of balls for under 8 bucks and they even had a special on gloves (2 for $20).  They are generic brands, but if you want the Callaways, they definitely have it.I highly recommend this place.  Awesome deals and great service every time !*Tips-For a limited time, $25 per person, you'll get unlimited green fees, cart and range balls for the entire day
4	My girlfriends and I play in their Wednesday twilight league.  The staff and fellow league players keeping us coming back month after month. It is a perfect amount of mid week golf to break up the monotony of the week.  Nice to get in a quick 9 in under 2 hours.The driving range offers many ways to practice since they have both mats and grass.Food at the new restaurant is tasty, especially the turkey burger.
5	Just got back from Vegas for the Veteran's Day weekend.  Played the nine hole course this morning.  Was supposed to play with a couple buds but they couldn't get up in time because of the partying they did the night before.  No worries.  I did the course solo and had an awesome time.  The course is short and can be played fast.  So if your pressed for time.  You can still get your golf in for the day.  For $29, you get to play as many times as you want all day; that included a golf cart and a bucket of 90 golf balls for the driving range.  In my opinion.  A great bargain.  All the holes on the course are par 3's.  The course definitely challenges your short game.  Many of the holes have front side bunkers with a couple also having some water hazards.  So it was very important to know the distance you hit your clubs because coming short meant hitting out of the sand most of the time.The two level driving range was cool to hit golf balls off especially when the planes from the nearby Las Vegas airport flew overhead.  They also have a practice putting green and a bunker to practice hitting out of the sand.  They also have a top notch golf shop and instructors to help you work on your game.  I love this place.
4	Came here to play the par 3 course. On the week I came, they had a $29.00 promotion during the weekday for unlimited golf and 1 large bucket of balls.  Not a bad price for any kind of golf on the strip. When I came, almost all the tee boxes were moved up. I dont think I used anything above a 7 iron. Pretty challenging , even though it's short. Greens were in pretty good condition. Clubhouse is nicely equiped with all the Calloway brands. Service was not to bad. Next time I roll through Vegas, I'll stop by again.
3	I'm not much of a golfer. In fact, I downright don't like the sport. But I've been to Callaway a few times to hit balls. For that purpose, Callaway is A-OK. The prices seem reasonable for a bucket or three. They even have a special right now (not sure how long it is intended to last) that gets you unlimited golf and range balls for $19. Now, I know my coworkers have experienced issues with the unlimited golf deal, but for the driving range, it sounds like a pretty good deal to me (especially if you somehow, magically share said range balls with friends).
5	This is a great place to go for fun, and the best part is you don't have to be good at golf. I took my friend from Oklahoma here one day for happy hour and the driving range. It was lots of fun.  The happy hour is great you get 2 for 1s and the food is cheap. Along with a staff that is well rounded and involved.  The bucket of balls is 7 dollars or something like that for 90 balls.  We love it. It is also very laid back, we usually bring our own beers when going to the driving range.  You can play nine holes for under thirty dollars, and it is relaxed...this isn't Bushwood..anyone can play!
1	Waste of money!!! Tee boxes are trashed and I've seen better greens at putt putt!
1	I just played here for the first time in 20 years that i've been visiting Vegas. My cousin found a groupon thing for $17 for round / range balls. Didn't sound too shabby. The only thing was we didn't have our clubs with us at the time. Club rentals were more then the round and balls!! ($20 each rental set) Did I mention it was only for 9 holes!!?? Our tee time was at 8am, so we got there around 7:15 to hit the bucket of balls. We didn't have balls or glove to play with, so I tried to buy some in the pro shop, but the pro shop didn't open until 8am! WTF! Anyways, we get to the range and got the bucket of balls, too bad none of the balls looked in semi decent condition. They looked like dimpleless golf balls, you know the kind that don't fly straight EVER! Horrible shape! Put it this way...I'd never go there to practice. The putting green was like weed infested and bumpy. Which were the same for the greens on the course. Overall, I'd never play there again, unless it was for FREE!! And even then, I'd have to be pretty bored. lol Very disappointed!!
4	Great place for practice. They have a pretty nice facility all around but I have yet to play the 9 hole course. I like how convenient it is that it is just a few miles from my house and although in a high tourist area, not expensive for a bucket of range balls. I do wish that their grass tees were a bit better maintained but I have yet to come here when grass is supposed to flourish. I recommend this place to anyone who is in the area and either wants to play a quick game or needs some practice.
4	While my parents out here, I researched for golf courses near my home and found this one to be the closest. I asked my dad if he wanted to go golfing while is was out here since I didn't want him to feel homesick. He, my mom, and 2 of my 3 nephews came out to celebrate LilMan's birthday. He was SOOOO for it. On the day before they had to go back, we stop by to sign him up to get some golfing in. It was $20 to rent a set of clubs, $10 per rider for the cart, and a nine hole scenery. The scenery was beautiful. It was a nice day, temperature was just right. As my dad, look around, some wasn't right for him and he changed his mind. I tried convincing him that would peaceful for him. I think he changed his mind, because he would have been by himself out there golfing. So I told him that the next time he comes to bring my brother so that they could golf together. The boys wanted to do the putt putt portion but because papa didn't want to stay, I had to tell them that the next time we would putt putt. I gave a four star, because I didn't get to see the whole landscape. Next time, though.
2	I am in Vegas every year for Valentine's Day. This year my gift to my guy was a first golf lesson for both of us. I did research on golf courses in the area and settled on Callaway after receiving a personal recommendation from a friend who had been. I hired the course's golf pro for 1.5 hours. We took a cab from the Wynn (Why didn't we use their greens? Don't know!) and we arrived early. I checked in at the front desk and was told that the pro was waiting for us. I was instructed to " look for the white man with dark brown hair". Yes, really. At a golf course I was sent to look for a white man. That was literally everyone there except for me, her and my boyfriend. So, after one unsuccessful lap around looking for the pro, I returned to the desk to get more specific instructions. We did finally find him and our lesson commenced. He was a great guy and I am happy that he gave us our first lesson. I was only bothered that during our lesson he put his hand on my head (part of the lesson) to hold it down without asking permission. It was my first lesson, so perhaps this is normal? I did not like it either way. However, the lesson was enjoyable and he was a gem. The grounds seemed nice enough, but once I returned to the Wynn and had brunch on their golf course it became very clear that not all golf courses are the same.
5	Never too crowded, the range w the best view. Great burgers at the bar too
5	I was in Vegas for a few days last week and decided to go in for an iron fitting, called that morning and set up an appointment 2 hours later..I love this place its Callaway (obviously) everywhere you look and everyone was really nice and helpful..Hit some warm up shots then met with Bobby Weaver, great club fitter, great attitude, knowledgeable and patient...Spent about 45 minutes with him eventhough I was signed up for the half hour session (it never felt rushed at all)..Ordered me new clubs..They have a nice driving range where you can hit basically any callaway you have ever wanted to hit, accurate yardages on the flags and several hitting bays including grass.Executive 9 hole golf course too...I will be back..
2	Callaway golf center is a tourist trap for sure. The driving range is decent if you enjoy hitting off of mats. The grass area is not super well kept, it's a bit long. The par 3 course is kind of a dump. The tee boxes are torn to shreds, the greens are a minefield of unrepaired ball marks, and bunkers are left unraked. I'm sure most of this is due to less experienced golfers playing here, but it seems that the grounds crew doesn't do a great job of taking care of the greens. Slowest greens I've ever putted anywhere. It's a shame that the course is in such poor condition because it's fairly challenging compared to some par 3 courses. The worst part about this place is their pricing. They rip you off big time if you want to ride in a cart. They advertise $25 for unlimited golf and range balls from 9-4, which sounds like a pretty great deal. They charge $10 extra per person for a cart, which is expensive but reasonable, until you find out that it's $10 extra per person for every nine holes. Seems absurd to charge a twosome an extra $20 per 9 holes when you advertise unlimited golf for $25. There is cart path the entire way, the carts don't even beat up the course. I am a local and would come back fairly often with friends if the crazy extra cart fees were dropped!
1	We were there on 4/21/12. It was me, my husband, and our 9 year old daughter.  We played 9 holes and it was stressful.  On our 4th hole, the range master came to tell us that we were holding up the line.  Ironically, there was no one behind us at the time.  She just assumed it was us, because we had a child with us.  There were players in front of us that we let pass early on and had to wait for.  There was also couple of beginners in front of us that we patiently waited for on each hole. The range master told us to skip some holes because we were 2 holes behind.  After we skipped a couple holes, I felt pressured and just went through the holes quickly as possible .  She followed and watched us all the way to the 9th hole.  Aside from the loud roaring engines from airplanes taking off every ten minutes above us and the traffic noise from Las Vegas Blvd. We were basically harrassed till the ninth hole to hurry and leave.  The courses were mostly rock and practice balls everywhere.    Worst golfing experience ever and won't ever return to play 9 holes there again.  If you have kids or a your a beginner, you don't want to come here.  The only thing decent was the driving range.
3	This place is a hate/love for me.  Service is poor, and the pricing is outrageous.  If you're smart, leave most of your clubs in the car and walk the course.  Girl at the counter could have a bit more customer service (a smile goes a long way).  Good part, unlimited 9 holes par 3's.  Bad part, $10 gas cart fee PER ROUND, $5 walk cart fee PER ROUND; easy part, WALK = FREE.  Course are nice and cold water on course (Tee box on most holes are destroyed).  They recently drained all the water hazards; means you don't lose balls anymore.  Range is very open, double decked.  Parking is a pain during evenings.  Overall for me, this place is a good place to work on your short game.  In the end, there are other places that are much better to golf at.
4	This is a great place if you are a local and live in the south part of town.  You always hear mixed reviews about this center.  Look, it's a 9 hole par 3 and they always have deals going on.  I usually go with a foursome and the last deal they had was 2 drinks and a card for $25.  That's not a bad deal.  They usually have golf and a meal specials too.  I really like this place because I can go right after work and tee off at 6pm because they have lights.  If you aren't a local and want to visit, no problem they have rentals available.  There is also a driving range too.  There are a lot of golf courses in Vegas but The Callaway Center is a cool spot to chill have a few beers and play golf for a couple hours.  Cheers!
5	This was the perfect place to learn how to golf.  The views of the Strip and the mountains are fabulous.  The hole with Mandalay Bay in the backdrop is a great photo op :)
4	Yay for a good drive range on my side of town!Callaway is right across the street from Town Square and Fry's which it makes it a convenient get-away if you are looking to do something outdoorsy.. The driving range itself is a two story set up with islands of green pasture and flags hanging among the desert land scape. I was once told that everything else was water which I think would be amazingly cool but hard to believe.The golf facility is very well maintained. The pro-shop is of course well stocked and the people are friendly. I saw a couple deals that I want to take advantage of, but until that time comes. I think the place is a bit over priced, there are cheaper golf ranges in town. Also, I kind of got used to the automatic balls at Desert Pines. Here you have the more traditional basket. Regardless of those issues, I think Callaway is great place to perfect your swing or just knock out some balls with friends if your bored. The restaurant from what I heard is good, there is a great pro-shop for whatever else you need.
4	This place is pretty expensive but it's well-maintained.  When you have visitors coming into town, it's fun to watch the planes fly overhead... I don't know why this is so amusing to everyone who visits us, but I guess it's a novelty.  I echo some of the other sentiments I've read - if you want to use the driving range, do it at night!
5	Such a great and happening place to play golf! However, I am only review the driving range and their services because I play less of actual golf. Great facility! For father's day we went to shoot at the range for a bit. They offer you drivers to rent and they also offer 6 woods to use for free if they are all available outside at the range! I spent $9.00 for 90 golf balls and I believe it's $15.00 for 180. Drive clubs are also rentable. I rented a drive for $5. They also have a nice shop, bar and lounge, and offer nice snacks and meals there too! They have GREAT specials and their beer offerings are extensive and cheap as well! They also have this REALLY COOL ad in the bathrooms on the mirror. An ad shows and when you wash your hands the ad disappears and turns into a mirror....COOL!
4	I got a Groupon for here and a buddy of mine was coming into Vegas for a couple days, figured try out the 9 Holes. I loves it. It is a short course longest hole is 150 or less, so it is an iron course which I liked. I liked the variety of holes and it was a steal for the Groupon.  Also had 90 balls a piece and 2 drinks included. A great deal.. Danika at the bar is amazing as well! She is a real handful and will surely add some spice to your lunch in the clubhouse!
4	This place was a nice break from the strip. I used the Groupon for the 9 hole, par 3 course and 90 balls for the driving range. Balls for the golf course are $1 each in the pro shop. Vegas strip in the background.
4	I think callaway is great for what it is. If you're going to callaway expecting pristine conditions then there's really no point in you going. I love coming here in the evening after work and hitting balls through the night. I love the fact that they have two decks and it seems that their practice balls are always in okay condition. My only complaint would be the prices. Its a little steep to practice, (compared to desert pines (callaway's night range rival)) although, they do have magnetic keys to purchase that will get regulars a good discount buying in bulk. As far as the course goes, it's always just OK. But I don't really blame the golf course itself. I've seen likes of all people play this golf course. From bikers, skaters, real golfers, children, first-timers, etc. everyone plays this golf course and most of these people do not know golf etiquette.  I like all the people inside as well, Kristin is always nice to see. Greeting you with a smile like she's happy that you're there. I come here, often, it's extremely convenient for me, and I enjoy it!
5	Played a round of golf today with my dad. They have the nicest par3 course we have ever played, but kind of expensive. But other then it being so hot out there we had fun.
4	Only used the range but was this place was nice. Would come back again.
1	This place is ok if you want to hit some golf balls and the sun just happens to be down already. Other than that, I'd steer clear of this place. Its technically on the strip so just like anything else else on Las Vegas Blvd, they mark everything up 30%. It would be ok if they had the quality to back it up, but they really don't. The people working inside both the shop and the bar are obnoxious and rude. The only good people here are the kats that move your bag the 10 feet from outside the course to the inside.I've been here a few times now, but the last time was my last. While out with my parents and my wife (her first time), all the long tees were taped off, so you could only tee from the front tees. Thats fine, it happens. Since it was my wifes first time, I got a cart so she didn't have to worry about getting down each hole with clubs. But just before the 7th tee, the cart broke down. I pushed the cart til I finally saw a club cart just after the 9th tee. She hooked up the broke down cart and said she'd tow it back, never offering to even bring a new cart for the clubs and things we were carrying. When I got back to the clubhouse I told the guy behind the desk what happened, just looking to get a half refund or something comparable and he didn't believe me. I stood there while he took 10 minutes and called around to verify that our cart had actually broken down. After getting off the phone, he told me that my cart broke down on the last hole so we were basically done golfing. Even though I told him I pushed his broke ass cart from the 7th hole, he was adamant that the cart was picked up on the last hole. So he wrote his managers number on a card and told me to call him about it. Not even wanting to deal with it I took the number and met my parents and wife at the bar. It was Sunday so football was about to start. We just wanted to have a beer and talk about my wife's first experience. However the bartender was in no way ready to deal with people even though the bar had been open for an hour. Kegs needed to be changed, things needed to be turned on, and instead he was standing around watching TV. In the short time we were there, he must have used the 'F' word at least a dozen times. My mother, offended by his language, didn't want to stay. In the end, we paid way more than we should have for a sub-par experience. If you want some night golf, I would suggest Desert Willow. If you are looking for something during the day, I would suggest ANY OTHER GOLF COURSE IN TOWN.Don't waste your time or money at this place.
3	i come here when i want to smash some balls or get my mind off of things. if you buy a prepaid $100 ball thingy, its way way cheaper to hit balls. i forgot the price difference but it was enough for me to pay for it. when i see planes flying low to land while im using my pitching wedge i wonder...
5	Great staff! Its a good deal if you buy the key card. I believe you can save about 20% each bucket.
5	Great staff! Its a good deal if you buy the key card. I believe you can save about 20% each bucket.
3	The Pro Shop and range were great.  Loved being able to test out the Callaway clubs.  Rich in the Pro Shop was very helpful and attentive.  My grandson and I decided to play the par 3 course.  We didn't have our clubs so rented theirs - complete waste of money - they gave my grandson a terrible, used, banged up set and handed me a "women's" set complete with a pink bag.  The course was ratty, poorly maintained and a complete disappointment.  I will go back for the range and Pro Shop but will NEVER waste my time and money on the par 3 Course.  I would be embarrassed, if I were Callaway to have my name associated with the Par 3 Course.
5	I have never seen a nicer practice facility, especially in he desert.  They have a bi-level driving range, grass range, putting greens and sand trap practice area.  The buckets aren't cheap, but the location is so great I don't mind too much.The par 3 course is short and simple, but makes for a great tune-up round for the start of the season.  One time when I had to wait 20 minutes until tee off, they gave me a small bucket of balls to warm-up with!Haven't navigated the clubhouse in detail, but they have a bar and large store.
3	Decent place to get in a quick round of 9 holes par 3.  Open at night and also has a lighted driving range.  Convenient for anyone in or around the Strip.  If you're on the West side you might as well go to Angel Park for a quick par 3 game.  But if you're down by the Strip this place can't be beat for convenience.  Plan ahead and make a t-time.
4	I love this place.   I was in town, but without my clubs, and I was able to rent more than a few for less than twenty bucks.  Decent driving range, great pro shop and the staff was incredibly nice and personable.  Helped me with all of my requests.  Prices for clothing in the pro shop were pretty good.
4	Great little course. If youre hungover or trying to get smashed like a gentleman this course is for you. The take your clubs from your car to your cart and clean em up. (ur clubs that is) no yardage markers and they have a great deal in the local golf ad. Do not call in for a tee time. it is almost $40.
3	I wish that I could actually give a good review for this course but I do not remember.  It's not that I was plastered, but because it was about 104 in the middle of the dessert and was suffering from sunstroke.  Seriously, the starter told me that the cart girl would be around and I looked forward to a bloody mary, but alas no car girl.  When I crept up to nine I was looking at the water and thinking, well the birds are drinking it, maybe a couple of sips won't kill me.  Then the sun, at least thats what the hallucination looked like told me to notice the cooler.  Then I looked in and Eureka!! two bottles of bottled water!! LIIIIIIFFFFFEEEE!!About the course, since I started at 12:40 pm and almost died I gave it a rest after nine.  But here's the skinny:  For those of us long ball hitters, they have reachable par fours.  I play where my handicap dictates, well that's not true else I'd play in the clubhouse. Badump-dump!  But they do have reachable par fours.  Three hundred from the regular tees.I will play this course again, but perhaps in the winter.  When the Sun isn't giving me a big middle finger and saying,"I'm Hot,  Bitch!!"
5	The Taylormade Golf Experience has taken over the old Callaway Golf Center. Major renovations are underway and good deal can be found on some of the remaining Callaway equipment. Most of the staff from Callaway remain. One change I like is being able to walk directly onto the grounds without having to hand your clubs over to pickup after you walk through the clubhouse. I driving range has great views and the course is a 9 hole par 3 setup, but is fun if you want a quick round.
2	Taylormade is taking over from Callaway. I hope they invest enough in this once nice range to bring it back up to speed. The range balls are in need of replacement. The mats are terrible. Callaway reserved six or eight spaces on the mats to use for demos of equipment. I have been there on busy days when those spots were empty and no other mats available. Even so, I was told I couldn't use them.The practice putting green has no place on it to practice a level putt. Every putt is a huge breaker. I don't recall ever seeing the grass on the green in good shape. The practice chipping green has such an incline that well hit balls will roll off  the edge and down the hill to the fence by the driving range.It is conveniently located to the strip. A fun place to hang out for a tourist or beginner but not a place for serious golfers to get in some real practice.Again, hopefully Taylormade will do the right things.
5	This is an excellent practice facility. A little out of the way if you live in Summerlin though. They have sand traps, putting greens, and two levels to tee off from at their driving range. They also have a driving range where you can hit off the grass. They have lights on their par 3 course, so you can play at night. I prefer Angel Park if I play at night though. Nice pro shop.
5	This place is amazing. Really only good public driving range. And they actually have a restaurant that serves great food. Gotta try one of there burgers. Jacob
2	I'm going to give this place a little bit of slack because they're undergoing a remodel. However if you are a scratch golfer and looking to actually work on your game this is not a place you want to visit until they replace the golf balls. The balls have no dimples and fly multiple directions with any club longer than about a seven or an eight iron. Go out during the day to a top-notch golf course, pay about the same and get better performance out of what you're paying for.
1	For the longest time, I'd heard nothing but good things about the Callaway (now Taylormade) Golf Experience. By the time I set foot here, it was already showing its age: all of the water at the course had been drained, the tee boxes were beat up, and the greens weren't in the best of shape. My most recent trip was in April for a bachelor's party and we had a great time despite the condition of the course.Apparently, Taylormade took over this course a few months ago and when my group arrived a few days ago, the main entrance and pro shop were being renovated. No problem, since we were just sneaking in a quick nine before dinner. I assumed that with the ownership change that the course conditions would have been addressed.Not so.Unfortunately, the course was more run-down than my trip in April. The tee boxes were basically shredded wheat and the greens were terrible. We started our round during daylight and by the time night rolled around, it seemed like the back parts of the course were not lit at all.Now, I understand that courses will not be in immaculate condition during the winter months, but I've played public par-3 and executive courses for $10 (with a free cart) that were in FAR better condition than this one. I paid $27 on a weekday (with an additional $10 for the cart) and felt totally ripped off. Yes, it's great that the course is conveniently located on the strip and it's open during renovation, but they're still charging prices that reflect a fully realized Taylormade Golf Experience.  Paying nearly $40 for a course in this condition is ridiculous. Frankly, Taylormade should be embarrassed to have its name attached to this place. Callaway really dropped the ball when it let this place get worn down to the state that it's in, but if Taylormade is more concerned with renovating the pro shop and gift store than the course itself, then there's no way I would ever recommend it. The one star I'm giving is entirely for the staff. Everyone I encountered was  courteous and professional. My group checked in with no problems and were treated well. After our round, we had a drink at the bar and the bartender comped one of our drinks due to the stench coming from the pro-shop remodel. It's not his fault that the course is in bad shape, but at least he cared enough about our experience that he took care of us. Five-star employees deserve a five-star facility.Until the word is out that the par-3 course has been taken care of, stay away. If you're really dying to hit some balls, then stick with their bi-level driving range, which looked like it was still in decent shape. Just don't get suckered into paying full price for 9 holes of golf.
3	First time since they changed from Callaway.  They aren't as friendly as old employees. I was a little confused from new set up and took them a bit for them to help. Still my favorite location to hit some balls after a long day.
1	DAILY HOURS are subject to change.... Seriously?? If you're not busy you just close when you want? Ha! The posted hours that day stated they were open till 9pm, I arrived at 8:15 to hit 1 bucket of balls. To my surprise that wasn't happening, and the punk younger employee made it very clear "if we aren't busy, we shut down. Do you just expect us to wait around for customers?" - MY BAD BRO
1	This place has gone downhill steadily over the years. I am giving one star for the new range balls and the new mats. This place is a ripoff and they turn the lights off at 9pm (what a joke). This is vegas not sun city.
4	Great staff. Convenient location. Less expensive than an hour at the card table. Rented clubs were great. I highly recommend this as a brief escape from the strip.
4	Friend wants to hit some balls. OKAY. My alter ego Grace Park must emerge. We bought a bucket of 90 balls and went to town. It was pretty fun, but I can only hit so many balls until I get bored. They also have a putting area to practice on and a bar! WOO!
4	$30 or so for a 9 holes. I played at night and it was well lit. I met some guys there and we played together, they rented clubs and said they were over priced. I brought my own clubs and had a great time for a good price. The driving range looked nice, it have raised greens so if you didn't land on the green your ball won't roll to it. Kind of a fun challenge.
5	Excellent spot to kill time with family after you checked out of hotel.  They rent clubs, offer lessons, range balls, nice executive short course, golf carts, restaurant.  All affordable things to do.  It is near the rental car return, across from town square shopping, and has ample parking.  I love that Eric Meeks offers golf lessons here and runs nice junior program.  Store has nice gear.
4	fun little course. great practice spot. cheap too. if you dont mind the noise from the planes, you will enjoy it here
2	This place has awful sales people. Chris, the sales guy and greeter was terrible. I asked about apparel and he was enthused up until I started looking at the sale rack. Fair enough. But when I saw a great price on their R1 driver, I just had to try it. Unfortunately they only had Chris helping me out. Fully adjustable golf club and guy doesn't even bother to ask my preferred settings. Way to tout the features, guy. And then, with their simulation room empty, he puts me outside on a windy Las Vegas day to try out the driver by myself with no assistance or follow up. I hit 2 balls and left. It sucks because the driver was a really good price and he had the opportunity to sell me on a newer driver, twice the price- but apparently salesmanship isn't part of the Taylor made golf experience.
5	5 stars because this place is awesome! The Store If you are in the market for some some fancy new sticks this is the only place you will have to look. They carry all the top brands and have the best fitters in town that specialize in finding the best club for your game. I talked with Chris today about the new SLDR mini and the guy has to be the most knowledgable sales guy I've ever met! He knows everything about these clubs and understands it all so well he can actually explain it. We compared the club to its competitor on the launch monitor and he explained what all the numbers meant and after that I was able to go outdoors and try it. I like being out in the open air and seeing the ball fly, especially at Taylormade because you are hitting directly at the Las Vegas Strip and I felt like it was in range with this club. I went back inside to find Chris because I had one more question which he was happy to answer. Over all I think this was the most informative and non pressure sales experience I've ever had. Next time I need anything for golf I will look no further and I recommend you all do the same. The RangeI spend a lot of time at the driving range these days and this is the place to do it. There are two levels of hitting stations so there is always a spot even if the weather is perfect and it's a weekend. They replace the mats often so they are always in good shape. They are constantly adding new balls to the mix so the balls are always good. There is a grass driving range as well if you don't like to hit off the mats. There are five elevated target greens with multiple flags on each green, all the yardages are posted in each station. What more could you ask for in a driving range? Golf SchoolThey offer private and group lessons with PGA Pro instructors. I'm currently working with Keith Morgan and could not be happier! The amount of improvement I have seen in only a short time is astounding. If you buy the lessons in a package you actually get a really good deal and with professionals like Keith it us surely worth it. The CourseThere is a 9 hole par 3 course that surrounds the driving range and it is a great place to work on your short game. Each hole has an interesting design and the different pin placements can really get you thinking. Pro tip: The key to a low score here is to play safe to the middle of the green on hole #3 and #4 to avoid false fronts and hazards. Paul does an excellent job keeping the greens rolling true, and the fairways green and lush.
2	I'd like to give this place 4 stars, but i just can't...I've been going to the Taylor Made/Callaway Golf Center for years. Long ago this place was great, but the years have taken a toll on this place and I'm not seeing the improvements I thought I'd see when it transitioned to Taylor Made. The course itself is fine. It's a 9 hole par 3 course. A good place for tourists to come and get a quick 9 in.The golf shop and restaurant are okay... Both are a little pricey, but what do you expect for something so close to the resort corridor?The driving range on the other hand is deplorable. It's 90% mats (hitting off turf is an extra $3 per bucket), which is fine. Unfortunately the new management has yet to upgrade them since taking over. The mats are really old and sun-worn. What makes it worse is the fact that the mats are simply laid down on concrete. There is nothing to anchor them down. Consequently, if you swing with any type of power and/or torque, the mat will slide. This is more pronounced when taking a full swing with longer irons, woods, and your driver. As someone who's big and strong (6'4" 240#), the movement and instability of the mat is awful. You start to lose all confidence because of the instability and loss of connection with the ground.The Taylor Made Golf Center needs to look at other driving ranges that have a better setup with their mats: e.g. Dessert Pines has their mats framed in so they don't move at all.This place was once a really nice place to come. No longer... I hope they figure it out soon. Taylor Made is more convenient than other courses with driving ranges, but without major improvements, future visits will be few and far between.
4	Went in to hit some balls as referred by a friend. Great prices, solid food, and great staff. I have been back three times this month and love it. Great for a quick lunch and balls while waiting for friends. And you can meet a lot of people here, so great for networking.
4	Got this on a Groupon and the wife and I had a great time! She's a beginner golfer so it was perfect for her and 9 holes is about all she really wants to play. There was no wait, only saw 1 other 2 some on the course and they were very friendly. Bar area was nice, beers weren't too over priced, burgers were though ($11). Playing 9 holes on a par 3 course doesn't take very long though. I would definitely go back but would play the back tees, I only needed a SW, PW and 9 iron + putter
4	Course is a dumpy 9 hole.  But, you get to play golf at night on the Vegas strip.  That alone makes it an awesome place to play.  I go back every time I am in Vegas, at least twice a year.  Always a good time.
