4	Having never been to a Port of Subs I was happy to see they were putting one in where a vacant Quizno's had been. I opted for only a sub on my first visit. Meats and cheeses were each cut fresh on the deli slicer. I had a choice of breads and chose sourdough which I thought was pretty good. This place seems to have your standard sub options for toppings but I'm boring so I never take full notice of the toppings because I never take full advantage of them. I noticed the guy in front of me, who I think was also an employee, getting a wrap so I guess it's a good sign that an employee is willing to pay and eat the food there. Service was friendly and I was in and out quickly.My particular sandwich was $8 for a 12 inch. Not too bad. It's been a while since I've been to Blimpie but I'm thinking it's around the same price point and a little cheaper than a Jersey Mikes, all of which got their start in New Jersey (take that Jersey haters!). To me it's worth it to drop the extra $3 and have a sandwich that tastes like a sandwich and not something that's been peed on in the Subway.So far so good and I hope they do well.Other info:When talking to the manager I was told that this particular store is corporate owned and not franchised.While I've never had a problem stopping for a sandwich at this place in the evening (as either a quizno's or port of subs) it can get kinda hectic around lunch as the parking lot is pretty darn tiny.
4	Love Port of Subs and so happy that we have one in Phoenix proper!Their bread is delicious and their mayo/mustard combo is a must. They also have sliced pickles which makes the sammich. So much better than the Quizno's that used to be here. I will be back and hope you'll visit too, I want this to stick around!!
4	Great sub and very fresh.  They slice the meat when you order the sub and it seem much bigger than what you get at Subway and the others.  I ordered a No. 1 and it was yummy.
1	This place was Whack!  I would rather go to Subway, it would actually be an improvement on service and flavor.  My wife and I went in and apparently they were doing a to go order so we waited about 3 minutes before even being acknowledged, by the way we were the only people in line.  After the 3 minutes we were finally asked what we wanted.  After ordering we noticed a very uncommunicative Manager trying to direct an employee, just a tip, if you want someone to do something you actually have to say it. Upon check out the same Manager helped us and was still uncommunicative.  Very disappointing that the representative of the establishment doesn't say "thank you, sorry for the wait," or even "I hope you enjoy your meal."  Well if we had enjoyed the meal I may be giving another star, but we didn't.  Maybe it was an off day but we will not be back to test our luck.
5	Unlike others, I don't take off a star for service unless it affects the quality of my food. People in the food industry are always in bad moods and I give them wiggle room.Did anyone else know these guys deliver? Delivery charge is $1 if your order is under $15 bucks and free over that. They have a 5 mile delivery radius. Ordered two times here now - Pastrami delivered, NY Steak in store. Both were very good. The Pastrami gave me no surprises. The steak was not strips of steak but rather thinly shaved steak if you're wondering. The Pastrami took 25 minutes from call to doorstep delivery. It was still hot. Good quality subs, prices seem fair. Their bread tastes a little more "artisan" than Subway.
4	This sub shop is close to work so I get to eat here often.  I usually get a salad. They will make any sandwich into a salad for you if you are into low carb diets.  They slice the meat right in front of you after you place the order.  You then get to customize your sandwich or salad the way you like.  You can even pick romaine or shredded lettuce for the salad.  Portion size is good and a salad is around $8.
2	2 stars. I'd give 0, but my sandwich wasn't terrible. So 2 stars for my food being good. 3 for below average service.Unfortunately, it's close and one of my boyfriend's favorite fast food places so I may end up eating here again, but not by my choice. Anyways, all the sandwich makers had scowls on their faces, shit attitudes. I ordered the turkey bacon avocado sandwich and my sandwich maker forgot the avocado (the reason I even got the sandwich), so I told her to just add that on and we'd be good. She scooped it up and put it on the edge of the sandwich and put the bread on... didn't spread it or anything. Since she was already in a shit mood I just decided to take it home and I'd spread it myself.When I got home the avocado was all over the place, but not in my sandwich and the damn thing wasn't even cut all the way through...Messing up my food is a sure fire way to piss me off. I had half a mind to just throw my sandwich at them and make them redo it and do it correctly. It's not difficult to make a damn sandwich. Next time I'll suggest just letting me go back there and making my own (if I am ever forced to go back). I'd suggest Jimmy Johns or Silver Mine in Tempe. Much better service and food.
2	This place is SUPER close to my work and I've stopped in at least 5 times, so I feel I have experienced the basic gist of the place.Pros: -sourdough bread (my fave)-fresh sliced meat and cheese-doesn't have that yucky "subway smell" that sticks to your clothesCons:-the meat and cheese are no better than any other place-WAY sub-par toppings..have your pick between wilted iceberg and soggy tomatoes, basically-they flat out just ask you to tip themYou're making me a frickin' sandwich, this is basically no different than Subway, where no one would ever think to tip. You have a clearly visible tip jar on the counter, so I know I can tip if I want. Why ask me to tip you? It's seriously awkward and unprofessional. (No tip wank intended, I've done food service, waitressing, etc. I tip where appropriate.)Tonight I went out and bought mayo, sourdough bread and some salami....I will make a way better #12 myself, thankyouverymuch.
2	I came here for lunch...service line is in the back so you have to walk around the dining area or cut people off in line to "start". I had to re-direct a couple people who came in after me. Service was also really slow and the meat slicer was spitting out meat across the counter. Then, while one of the staff was making my sandwich, there was a disgusting guy who literally came in, cut me off in line, proceeded to the cash register and demanded change for the bus (mind you he didn't order food but would "think about it"). Staff didn't say anything since he wasn't ordering a sandwich...rude much?! I get to the cash register and she asked if I wanted to leave a tip...for what?! Crappy service, rude patrons and mediocre food? No thanks! Needless to say, I won't be back.
3	I really hate how one person is asking me what I want on my sub and the other is requiring me to pay at the same time. They both seem to want me to hurry so the one taking my money is demanding payment and the other is taking the initiative what and how much I want on my sub. This happens every time at this store.
5	Great Sub Sandwich's!  We have been to this location twice now and both times the food was great.  We went there on Labor Day and there was no wait but the customer service was even more amazing.  Crystal was very friendly and acted like she loves her job.  We will be returning for sure!
