3	Its good yogurt to get your sugar fix but its not the best that i have tasted. I love how it looks inside though and the name is quite cute!
5	I am a local to this place, have been there more times than I can count. My kids are constantly wanting to go there for desert, with how good it is -- I have a hard time saying no.The thing that sets this place apart from few others that are around --- it is the people! The owner and the young ladies the owner hires are just great. They are always willing to help with selections, make recommendations, and they do it all with a smile and bubbly personality.They are constantly changing the flavors - while sad when you you stuck on your favorite, and then they change it... it allows you to try something different.Another plus (And a biggie in my book) is that this place is always spotless clean. I cannot remember a time (even when swamped and busy) that this place has been dirty.
5	One of our favorite places to go for a sweet treat :) There is a little something for everyone including a 'no added sugar' option (and the ones I have tried are GOOD!).The store is always clean - and the employees are always ready and willing to provide samples to make sure what you get is what you want! This place is a hit with our family!
4	Nice and clean place with a good variety of flavors and add-ons.  Plenty of seating space to eat in or on the patio.
5	Love this place, Clean, Bright, Fresh Toppings, friendly staff
5	Good variety of yogurt and a some extra toppings I haven't seen at other shops.
5	Great place for a treat for the family.. Great selection, clean, and great service.. Love the chocolate yogurt...
5	Possibly my new favorite Fro-yo place. Outstanding customer service, the girls were so welcoming to everyone who came in and thanked everyone as they left. The selection of yogurt was great and of course they had a salted caramel and wonderful chocolate. Wide selection of toppings and they have a generous discount program after you buy a certain numbers of cups. The place was warm and inviting, not to mention spotless. Open late and close to my house, I'll be back.
5	great people, nice location.
1	Worst frozen yogurt place I have been to yet. Usually no problem with places but this place was worth the bad review. The customer service was very rude to my group of people. Pricey and the people at yogurt places are usually a little more happy but she was rude and didn't care about her attitude towards anyone.
