4	New coffee place on Chandler Blvd and Desert Foothills Pkwy in Ahwatukee! I'm excited since there are not any good coffee offerings in the area unless you drive much further east. They are in the suite formerly occupied by Babaloo's Cuban Cafe.Yes I know there is a Starbucks in the Safewa... yawn... I got tired just writing that sentence.I stopped in this morning to get a cup and check out the remodeling job. The place looks nice--good selection of places to sit, inside and out. There is at least one larger table where a group could sit. The vibe is cozy but nothing special--looks like any other coffee house. The two employees were very friendly and chatted with me about the menu offerings and so on.I ordered a regular drip coffee to check out the quality of their bean. It is very good--much better taste and quality than anything else available at this particular intersection. They also sell it in bags if you want to take some home. The prices are very good as well. I don't really go for the fancy drinks but if you do, I think you will be pleasantly surprised.This place has potential. Check it out and see if this could be your new coffee hangout. They are open until 7pm on most nights, so hopefully they will start doing some things like offering live music. They have free wi-fi as well.
5	So happy to get an independently owned coffee house in Ahwatukee..with WONDERFUL coffee!  Love the cozy welcoming feeling of the decor and friendly staff.
4	WD Coffee Company- named for the initials of the owner's children is a fresh, clean and up beat new coffee shop in the Ahwatukee Foothills. In the morning they offer yogurt, breakfast burritos, smoothies and an assortment of pastries. There are plenty of beverage choices whether you crave coffee or tea to my favorite Izzie bottled soft drinks. They do have some games and a few children's books but need checkers/dominoes and the like for those of us who yearn for a more European hang out of a coffee shop. They also have periodicals available. The Wi-Fi is free, the parking is very good and the view from the side patio is really nice especially with the misters going. Eric-one of the owners is local and this is his first coffee shop. The other owner lives in Seattle. He also owns two coffee shops there. They have the potential to do really well, especially as a morning or afternoon meeting place. The staff is very friendly and eager to wait on you.
5	the best coffee in town!  if you are a coffee snob go to WD because they truly do coffee the right way!
4	Love it! Finally a nice place to hang out in the Foothills, only minutes from my home! The coffee and prices are good, and the atmosphere is relaxing. Not too loud, but also not too quiet. We played mancala, which is one of the small collection of games they provide. I only wish that it was open in the evenings! (Their summer hours close at 5pm.)Overall, I can definitely see myself coming back here to chat with friends or to get some work done!
5	I've been drinking Starbucks coffee for years, but as soon as this place showed up I will only go to Starbucks if I'm way out of town. The coffee is strong and made with such flavor that you just can't compare it to Starbucks. Their staff is helpful and know how to make coffee. The atmosphere is relaxed and allows for kids to play around without knocking stuff over.My wife and I are definitely impressed and are loyal to this local business!
1	Nice ambience. Coffee was OK.  Staff claimed they had wifi. When it didn't work they were unapologetic.   Said they would reset but never did. Probably won't go back.
2	Beautiful little warm spot in the Foothills.  Comfy, cozy... but still have yet to try the food.  Coffee was delicious but then I am not really a coffee connoisseur so take that for what it is worth.Air temperature inside however is ridiculous!  The owner is obviously trying to keep his/her electric bill down; unfortunately however, at the expense of the customer.  The two times that I have come to drink coffee, work and hang out, I was dripping wet from sweat.  Honest.
4	Since this shop has been up and running for a couple of months now and had time to iron out the kinks, here's an updated review.As others have noted, the staff is really friendly. Any minor logistical glitches seem to be a thing of the past. The drinks are good. I've tried most of their coffee drinks, plus the chai. They are professionally prepared, customizable, and very good! The food... eh, no so much. I've been underwhelmed by the food quality and selection the few times I tried it. The scones are pretty dry. I ordered a breakfast burrito this morning and it was so comically small that I literally broke out in fits of laughter when I got home and took it out of the bag. Check out the photo I uploaded. Maybe call it a "breakfast bite" or something.The shop had been hosting open mic events and other coffee-shop type stuff, although it's not well publicized and you pretty much have to go to the store and look for flyers. Recommend to the owners you get a web site and start engaging customers with email and social media.I'm still a fan, and will continue to go here from time to time, but I won't likely order food again.
5	I like their coffee and I am happy to support a locally owned establishment. Good product and fair prices. Thanks for opening it!
4	I've only been here once, but I loved the food and coffee so much that I'll definitely be back. Way better than Starbucks. Pretty good food too!
2	I am sad about this place!   I really love local owned places and there are so few left that I really wanted to love WD.  I have been there twice and both times it was impossible to eat there.  I will say I do not drink coffee so I cannot comment on how good it is or isn't.  I live near by so my family and I have stopped in on our morning walks.  The first time my kids and I ordered smoothies and a breakfast burrito, bagel and a scone.  The food was worse than terrible.  The burrito was frozen and microwaved, the bagel was clearly some old Costco bagel and the scone was so hard my daughter could not bite it.  The smoothies were so sweet with some syrup they put in it that we all ended up drinking water.  Hoping the glitches were just the weekend they opened we waited and went back a month later.  Nothing had changed!   I think if you just want coffee and a table to chat or work on your laptop the place is OK.  The decor is nice and they have a few games for the kids.  There is free wireless (I think because I saw people on laptops).  If they change their food to be non-froze microwaved stuff I think it will improve the site greatly.  Get some fresh fruit, really smoothies, fresh baked items and they will reach a wider audience.
4	CLOSEDAbout two months ago I went to get some coffee and this place was closed, with signs posted from the landlord that the locks were changed due to rent delinquency. I was hopeful the owners would find a way forward and re-open, but it doesn't look like that will be occurring. Too bad! Back to gas station coffee, I guess...
