5	Nice lady with careful attention to detail. Nice mani/pedi.  Would recommend.
1	I have never felt so eager to wanting to write a review. If you've seen the groupon deal about eyelash extension service at this place, please don't go! This lady is very unprofessional, she didn't wash her hands before touching my eyes. When she was doing my eyelashes, she had some lashes glued together. She also requested me to pay her tip based on $285 not the price on groupon. When I refused to do that, she was upset. I gave her 20% of tip based on the groupon price even I was not happy with her job at all. She said she has never received a tip so cheap. I left that place with a very depressed and angry mood.
1	Terrible. I bought traditional lash extensions from groupon - meaning I paid 69.00. I get there and the lashes she showed me looked like a shaved rat in a can, so I "upgraded" to mink. Tell me how a 40.00 upgrade cost me 70.00 somehow? Also, she "upgrades" them, and I use parenthesis because the shit lashes she uses look good for about 24 hours, before the glue starts coming undone. She sold me some sort of lash protector stuff -- that she apparently didn't have in stock and said she would mail it to me. No surprise, I never received the package. So now I have shit lashes that I paid 170.00 for, no protector for and as soon as I asked for a refund **JUST FOR THE PRODUCT SHE NEVER SENT ME*** she started to ignore my texts. I disputed it with my credit card company and she actually DISPUTED THE UPGRADE BACK -- I WAS GOING TO LEAVE HER WITH THE INITIAL 70.00 I PAID. I am now going to dispute BACK with my credit card company AND with groupon. NEVER EVER EVER BUY A GROUPON FROM THIS GHETTO BUSINESS.
1	Would not recommend getting your eye lashes done here! Uneven and and they started falling out within a week!!
1	Horrible! Went to a professional to get these eyelashes removed and the lady said she's never seen eyelashes done this horribly. And she used cheap eyelashes that look like nasty hair plugs.Ghetto and not worth the discounted price. Regretted buying the groupon the moment I called to make the appointment.
1	I have never dealt with a salon with such horrible customer service. I bought a groupon for Eyelash extensions. Man!! I should have read the yelp reviews first. What a joke. I have been trying to make an appointment for over a week. After getting over my confusion (what kind of company doesn't answer the phone?) I checked out what other ladies had to say about this salon... And then it was clear. This salon is a JOKE!! I canceled my groupon purchase. I will never go to this place. You shouldn't either.
1	OMG, please, please DO NOT go there! I wish I would have read these reviews first.  I called LaTonya about the groupon and she requested I NOT buy it and that she would honor the price (groupon takes half), so I did that.  Stupid me, at least I could have gotten my money back from Groupon.  That is just the short end of this horrible deal.  I told her I wanted NATURAL looking lashes, as mine were already long.  Just wanted some thickness added.  When she was done and gave me the mirror, the disappointment definitely showed on my face.  I looked like some cheap slut!  THICK, THICK BLACK (I am a blonde)  layered eyelashes that were anything but natural.  They immediately started falling off and I made a phone call to her the next day.  She said that was impossible.  I AGAIN  expressed my concern about the damage that these "falling out" lashes would do to mine and she INSISTED that they would grow out with my natural lash in 21 days.  EYELASHES take months to grow back.  The problems continued and after a few days I had already lost (along with my natural lash) over 12 lashes.  I had blank spots along my lash line. I texted her saying I wanted her to remove the lashes because I was concerned with the loss.  She never responded.   I then phoned her on a number that she would not recognize, and of course she answered.  She denied receiving my text.  Anyway, told her I wanted them removed and she refused.  I went to beauty supply and bought dissolvent myself but they were very difficult to remove because she had them soooo layered.  In fact, she told me I was supposed to use the eyebrow brush and "put" them back up into the rat nest she had created when they were hanging in my eye!!Needless to say, I lost well over half of my eyelashes with the removal and have been keeping Walgreens in business with buying artificial ones.  Finally, months later my natural lashes are starting to come back, but nothing like they were.She does not speak the truth, as these lashes that she uses are VERY damaging to your lash and the most UNNATURAL, FAKE lashes ever.  I agree with the other review, they look rat hair.The absolute worst consumer decision I have ever made.  Please don't put yourself through it!!Should have walked away when she was an hour late!! ;-(
1	DO NOT GO! Whoever wrote the review with 5 stars is probably Tanya or her son. This is the most unprofessional place I have ever been. I called to make an appointment for eyelash extensions. The phone number listed is actually Tanya's son's cell phone number because she didn't want to spend money on an office phone and doesn't want to get bothered with phone calls to her own cell phone. They eyelashes looked fake and were straw-like. I called to get them removed and the son answered. I left my name and number for a call back. I called the next week and did the same thing. Then I texted the number (which I 100% knew was Tanya because that was how I made the appointment in the first place) and they responded, I'm sorry, you have the wrong number. This made me furious. I then took a picture of the number that Yelp lists for The Total Touch From Head 2 Toe and said that they should report that a company listed their number. The response was OK. Unprofessional. Bad Service. Not polite. Just wants your money.Even if you have heard one or two good things about this place, please reconsider. I have also never left a Yelp review before, but this was SO bad, it was worth my time to tell you all about it. I visited a place near the Biltmore after Tanya ruined my eyelashes, and they are great. Just an alternative so you don't make the mistake of choosing The Total Touch From Head 2 Toe like I did. http://beautifulskinandnails.com
1	Same song and story as everyone else. Bought a groupon and waste of money!
