3	I tend to steer clear of overly complicated menus, and this one was really a nightmare. You don't know what to order, share or not, in what quantity... The waiter was a decent explainer, but had I not been there with a friend who knew all the quirks of the menu and had specific suggestions to make, I may have walked out. That said, once we got past the uselessly tedious ordering process, everything tasted great and was perfectly presented. Great wine list. Great cheese platter. Tasteful decor with great lighting. Recommended. Unless you suffer from decision fatigue. 60$ per guest is to be expected.
3	I went to Le Chasseur for dinner & a cocktail as part of the Yelp HoMa passport, and while my local friends had good things to say about Le Chasseur, I can't say I was as charmed as I expected to be.Great decor and ambiance, not crowded at all on a Tuesday night, the cocktails (if the ones we had are anything to go by) were delicious, and our waitress really knew her menu and kept great pace -- we never felt rushed to finish a dish or hungry in between dishes. I also liked the portion size (on the smaller side, but with rich, tasty offerings, it doesn't matter) and how everything was intended to be shared between the two of us.The less awesome: most things were too salty. We had the fried Bourgots & jalapeno with lime mayonaise, then the asparagus, sturgeon and Asiago(?) cheese layered with Filo, then the mozarella(?)-filled gnocchi with morilles & lobster bisque. All of the above contained fresh, savoury ingredients with flavors that could stand a more delicate handling, which is why they get 3 stars from me and no more.I'll certainly be back, but maybe to try more of their excellent cocktails with a nibble or two rather than to eat.
4	I visited Le Chasseur as part of the Yelp Elite party, and I must admit, the rating I'm giving them is biased since I didn't have to pay for the cocktails or food :)The cocktails at Le Chasseur tasted wonderful, and is well-crafted by skilled bartenders. The price is a little on the high side, so I'll have to be pretty drunk to be willing to go all-out. Montreal has tons of good bars, so it's hard to compete, but I'll definitely visit for a cocktail (or two) the next time I'm in the area.There is a little patio outside for outdoor drinking, when appropriate.
5	We came from Toronto to visit our friends Gary & Francis. They took us here for the restaurant's 1 year anniversary event. Needless to say, great ambiance, friendly service. The owner was involved with the service and spoke english and made us feel welcome. The food was amazing quality and exotic! Drinks were outstanding. Atmosphere is a lot of fun! Will definitely come back and recommend it! What a great time!! -Tanya & Marty.
4	So there's been a chef change at Le Chasseur since my last review, and I must say, their new menu is great. Much simpler, very tasty, everything I've had there was delicious.Service is also still awesome, even going so far as to accommodate a picky-eater relative with dietary restrictions who didn't want anything on the menu and was only willing to eat a salad. Said salad was delicious.
