3	I have a need for a clean and well pressed shirt, and at first my wife argued that it cost money to have my shirts pressed all the time, but when she realized that she didn't have to do it she caved in. She picked Lakeview and they are ok, but if i have a spill on my shirt i have to mark it and have my wife point it out or they don't get it out and lately i have noticed that my buttons are getting torn off, not coming off but torn off. either i am getting fatter, or their machine is snagging the buttons and tearing them off.  shirts are pressed great and done in a timely manner, but i could do with a different cleaner if i had too.
2	Good cleaning, but way overpriced! I tried to negotiate a deal with the owner for regular dry cleaning (I clean about 40 pieces/month) and was shot down. Her excuse: We pay way too much for coupons and advertising. OK... I asked for the coupon price on the 20 pieces I had there and was refuted once again. Goodbye $120/month steady business???
1	I decided to try this cleaners even though I had read bad reviews.  Well I should have stayed clear.  I called to ask a price over the phone and the lady I spoke with asked a few questions and gave me a price.  She never mentioned it was a estimated price.  If that was the case I would have asked again when I dropped it off.  When I picked it up it was much higher than I was told.  The lady was rude and said there was nothing you can do.  If she discounted it she would have to pay herself.  I feel this is a horrible way to run a business and treat customers.  I live in the community and would rather go out of my way to a different cleaners.  Avoid at all costs!!!
1	I was shocked when I went to pick up my clothes and the price was double what I was expecting- this place is WAY overpriced!  I called later and asked for a phone quote and listed the articles I had done.  The quote was over $20 less than I was charged.  I called the owner to talk to her about it and she was very unwilling to help.  They have forever lost a client!!!!
1	I have used this drycleaner on and off for several years, but after today, never again.  I dropped off a comforter to be cleaned a few weeks ago.  The woman helping me said that I could get a discount from a coupon received at Fry's.  Today I went to pick up the comforter and was told by the girl at the counter that I could not use the coupon because I did not present it when dropping off.  I replied that I was told about the coupon when dropping off, as I would not otherwise even be aware of the discount opportunity.  The owner was at the counter as well and told me that it was not possible that I was told to bring the coupon.  I said, it was true.  She said that the writing was that of her manager and she would never tell me to bring the coupon when picking up. but that she would give me the discount even though it "messes up her bookkeeping." At that point, I was so offended by being accused of being untruthful, that I told the girl I didn't want the discount.  She rang me up without it.  I have never received such treatment by an owner of a business and will never go back.
5	I have been going to Lakeview Cleaners since 2001. There are other dry cleaners near where I live but it is worth the travel to go a few more miles to get my dry cleaning done by Lakeview. My clothes ALWAYS come back like I just purchased them from the store. The person that does the ironing/steaming makes perfect creases in all my work pants. I have never had an issue with any of their employees or prices. The staff is always friendly and the turn around time to get my clothes back is usually done in the same day! After reading the other reviews I was surprised of the negative comments. I go in and they are always so busy you know that is a good sign when the cleaners racks are full it means they do a great job. As far as the prices go all I have to say is you pay for what you get. It's not the cheapest cleaners but it's not the most expensive and they are able to get stains out that I NEVER thought would come out, I have told friends about going to lakeview cleaners after they have returned back from their dry cleaners and the stain is STILL there. The cleaners at Lakeview are able to take the stain out! My friends that I have told to go there now only go to Lakeview for their dry cleaning.
