4	I received a Tissot watch for my 18th birthday. About a year later the battery died. I decided to go to Birks to get it replaced. That turned into a $80 fiasco over 3 weeks - the service centre Birk's mailed the watch off to decided to do an inventory right after it's arrival. Not pleased at all.5 years later or so, the battery was showing signs of dying again. Instead of going to Birks for another miserable and expensive experience, I did further research and discovered there was a local service centre in Montreal for Tissot and Omega watches.I went in person and after about 5 minutes they replaced the battery on-site and had it back in my possession for a fraction of what I paid at Birk's.I moved to San Francisco about a year ago and felt that I needed to add another link to the watch band - my wrist had grown bigger over the 6.5 years of owning the Tissot. I considered bringing the link with me however instead I made it a priority to go here to get it done while I was visiting Montreal for 2 weeks.The first time I swung by to get the band enlarged they were still closed at 8:40am. I had other things planned that day so came back another time later in the week. I lost track of the days during that last week and had no choice but to swung by at 4:40pm.5 minutes later I was out with a properly sized watch band for $5. It was actually quite amusing as the rep asked me who first adjusted the band for me (I had to explain that I've had to watch for more than 6 years and my wrist had gotten larger over the years rather than being hustled by a crazy watch dealer).They'll do it for you on the spot or at minimum you save yourself shipping costs.Key takeaway points1. If you have an Omega or Tissot watch, go here to get it serviced if you live in/around Montreal! 2. I'm not sure of their opening/closing hours (call and double check ahead of time before going). 3. Their office is difficult to find... go to the corner of Peel and Gauchetiere. The entrance is right on that corner. If you enter the grand Windsor Station Hall, you've gone too far. There's a security desk at the right entrance, go past it and take the elevator to the second floor. Down the long corridor and you'll find the office on your right, Suite #267. Just walk right in even if the door is closed.
4	My grandmother gave me my grandfathers Tissot watch, which she gave him in 1972.  When she gave it to me, it was in need of cleaning and service.  I found this business, where Hans, the proprietor offered to service the watch with his Horologist expertise for a price of $250.They were to do the following:1. replace the crown2. apply luminescence to the dial3. buff the scratches off of the glass4. oil the interior5. clean and inspect the rest of the watchIn the end, they did not replace the crown or repair the identified issue with the calendar gear as the components required are no longer available...but, it still cost me $250.Over all, I am satisfied, and I would recommend this establishment for watch repair.  They are a Tissot certified repair center.
4	I bought a Tissot PR50 in 2009 and it recently ran out of batteries. I still had the little booklet that I got that listed official service providers and Helvetia was the only one in Montreal. I called them on Monday to ask their hours, and they said 9-5 on weekdays. They have moved to suite 109 in the same building. I Went there this Tuesday morning and got the watch battery replaced in 15 minutes. I am happy with the service, the hardest thing was just finding their place.
5	Correct address is office 109, 1100 Av Des Canadiens-de-Montreal.  It is located in an office tower in the East side of the old Windsor station.  Best access is through an entrance on the East side of the old Windsor station halfway down the Peel hill between Av Des Canadiens-de-Montreal and St Antoine, then take the elevator up to the 1st floor.  Metered parking is generally available right at this entrance on Peel.  Access is also available to the office tower through a door on the East side of the old station concourse.  I dropped my Omega watch and broke a strap-to-bezel securing pin.  Helvetia provided a new pin and fixed the strap in just a couple of minutes at low cost.  Very happy with their service.
5	Excellent service from this company for high end watch repair. I have used them several times on two of my watches. Excellent. Real craftsmen.
