4	Yum - I love the mango swirled with coconut - topped with what else but fresh mango and grated coconut! I love the slighty tart flavor and rich texture that reminds me of frozen Greek yogurt - thicker & richer & more tart than regular yogurt. David got the original swirled with chocolate and topped with fresh strawberries and shaved chocolate. It was yummy... next time I go, I think I'll get chocolate swirled with salted caramel.  This store's hours are as follows:Sun - Thur 12 PM - 9 PM Fri + Sat 12 PM - 11 PMI do like the fact that this place is not self-serve.  I also think that their flavors are really natural and fresh tasting - nothing weird or unnatural.  Also, since it's fro-yo, you aren't consuming as many calories as you would with traditional ice cream.
3	I've heard a lot of hype, but I am not exactly impressed by my first experience here.  Not sure when this location in the Arboretum opened, but the store is a bit on the small size with 3-4 tables (4 chairs a pop) inside.  I can already imagine a huge line going out the door... but there wasn't one when I went (maybe it's a sign?).They are unique from the other froyo places in that its not self serve and the prices do not depend on the weight of what you are inevitably going to stuff your face with.Heard a lot about the new "salted caramel" flavor so I tried it... no toppings, and in a waffle cone.  It was pretty good for the first couple of bites, but then I realized I had ordered too much.  I forced it down (since I hate wasting food - let alone dessert!) but the whole experience left me a little wanting.
4	Employees were helpful and its exactly what you expect.  Its been a while since Ive been here so I dont remember what i got.  But I liked it.
3	Since I got on the frozen yogurt bandwagon last week, I can't seem to stop thinking about eating them.  So while I'm grabbing a quick lunch to-go at Arboretum, the invisible force made sure I saw the Pinkberry sign as I drove by (which is in the back near Mickey & Mooch),  so that 6 hours later I could go back (against my will of course...) to get some cool treats.Fast forward those 6 hours... my girl friend and I have been craving something sweet and cold ever since we baked ourselves by the pool earlier, and we're sooooo close to those machines, except this is NOT a self serve store.  And there it was, A LINE.  If you read my review on Menchies, you saw that I was taking bet on how soon I would break my vow of never to stand in line for one of this sucker... well, that was Wednesday and this was Sunday... enuff said lolThe store is quite small.  With only 2 people working behind the counter and no designated cashier, wonder why there's a line.  And of course "may I have a taste of... " doesn't make the line move any faster.  They don't have as many funky flavors as other places (they have original, chocolate, waterleon, coconut, mango, salty caramel).  The new flavor is salty caramel which was nice and rich.  I personally was wanting a taste of summer, so I went with coconut.  The cool thing about Pinkberry is you can have all the toppings you want since they don't charge by the weight.  Since I'm trying to be budget friendly & guilt free, I got a mini (3oz) and topping was oozing out of the tiny cup.  Fresh mango, kiwi, shaved coconut, crispy crepes & a waffle round later, I was one happy girl :)Overall Pinkberry is ok.  I like that it's a set price (no surprises at the weight station).  I particularly like the waffle round.  But then I do think they'are lacking a little in flavor options, and the lack of space and wait didn't make it a relaxing experience.
5	Service was really great! My friend and I came in on a Wednesday and there was only 1 other person in line. Since I had never eaten at Pinkberry before, the girl that served us was really helpful in explaining how they work compared to most places (no self-serve, no price based on weight) and about the flavors. There weren't many flavors (namely, no vanilla) which was kind of a downer, but the fresh toppings and the quality of the fro-yo really made up for it. The original was somewhere in between greek yogurt and vanilla ice cream. I had oreo topping, which made the whole thing taste like cookies and cream ice cream, with a lot less calories. The store is very small with only a few tables close together but the Arboretum has plenty of benches and seating around it to use. The price was pretty reasonable for the amount received. I enjoyed it quite a bit.
4	I had hoped to have the salted carmel tonite, but they replaced that flavor with Peanut butter. So, I went with the mango-coconut again topped with fresh mango and grated coconut. Yummo! I also had a chance to sample the peanut butter swirled with chocolate and shaved milk chocolate. This was good too. Once again,  I really like that this is not a self-serve type of place... the employees here are very friendly and helpful.
4	Ok, so Pinkberry infiltrating the Charlotte FroYo scene wasn't my greatest hope and dream, but the Arboretum location has turned me into a believer. Walk into the IKEA-laden shop and feast your eyes upon some of the most audacious flavors known to the Yogurt. The staff always assists newbies and hands out samples like its a festival. My adivce: If you've never been to Pinkberry or you are trying froyo for the first time, sample all of them. There is always a good range of regular flavors and a few adventurous choices. The staff always remembers us and knows that we get two minis. Thanks for the recognition! We may as well start a Pinkberry clubhouse nearby. Toppings: The fruit is cut a little too large for my liking, but suffice is to say that it is fresh and not out of a gross can or frozen. All together now: "Dark Chocolate Crisps are the best thing since sliced bread." Aaaand there was much rejoicing throughout the land. These are the best topping for....any of the yogurts. I don't even care if it's mango, these little guys are your best friend. Perfect amount of crunch and chocolate flavor. Like a miniature chocolate symphony of crunchy greatness packed in each spoonful. Thanks, Pinkberry for entering the Charlotte scene so tastefully. You've won over this FroYo aficionado. Cheers!
4	I know it's a chain and I don't usually like chains but this place rocks.
4	This is the Maserati of FroYo places. Fresh toppings. Amazing Yogurt, by far the best quality of all other franchises. And simplified but amazing toppings.Would get 5*'s, if only for the price. For a $6 medium, you coulda been devouring a wonderful Chipotle dinner. But then again, it's still cheaper than a $10 cheesecake at Mickey and Mooches
4	As if this town needed another FroYo establishment. Honestly, the ubiquity of FroYos in the Queen City is something that leaves me slightly irritated. I mean, you turn around, and there's yet another FroYo having opened, vying for your love and attention. They're like Lindsay Lohan crashing a film opening, desperate for any sort of attention from you, some sort of validation, even though you know LiLo is bad for you, and bad for herself.Beat it, Lindsay. Don't you have a Porsche to go wreck?ANYWAY...Here's what truly irks me about FroYos: one, their "yogurt" tastes more frozen than yogurt. Two, the toppings bar reminds me of the buffet spread at a cheap Chinese buffet slop house; "more is more" means you're tempted to dump crap on your already-yucky "frozen" yogurt. Look, if adding Swedish Fish and Almond Joys and 4 pounds of three-day-old hot fudge is your thing, more power to you, but it's still crap. Self serve sucks. Yeah, I said it. I'm looking at you, Yoforia. And TCBY. You suck, and you know it. Thankfully, Pinkberry is the exception, not the norm. And what an exception it is.I've been familiar with Pinkberry during my travels elsewhere. I was also introduced to Pinkberry courtesy of a hilarious subplot in an episode of "Curb Your Enthusiasm" last season. Knowing what I know about Pinkberry, I was glad to learn there's now one not far from where I live.Pinkberry ascribes to the "less is more" approach, meaning the true delight is in the yogurt, not the mountain of toppings you're tempted to slather on your yogurt. Of course, there are plenty of toppings to choose from, but they learn towards the "what you need, not what you want" side. In other words, more of an emphasis organic fruits and organic dry foods. But if you still crave Gummy Bears, don't sweat, they'll oblige ya. Plus they offer Nutella. Yes, Nutella. Every topping is fresh, farm fresh even. Not that canned crap they (meaning the FroYos I'm hating on) probably pick up from their local Costco.As for the yogurts, they taste like, well...yogurt. Not that frozen, super watery crap that even Chik-Fil-A won't dare serve their patrons. Especially their GLBT customers (ZING! Couldn't resist!). I swear their yogurts taste more like gelato, tart and sweet and refreshing. I recently tried their Chocolate Hazelnut yogurt. OH MY GOD! Slap my ass and call me Cindy, that is one spectacular flavor of frozen yogurt! I ordered the small, and regretted not going a size bigger. Oh well, next time...a tub of Chocolate Hazelnut for me!Best of all is the flat rate you pay. Since it's not self-serve, you pay by what size you choose. The helpful staff will guide you into choosing just precisely what you want. I also appreciate Pinkberry informing their customers of the caloric content of their offerings. It's nice to know that a medium-sized cup of their frozen yogurt, with 4 toppings, will round out to about 300 calories, so you can enjoy Pinkberry without the guilt. Or the shame.Simply put, Pinkberry is light years better tasting and better for you than the FroYos that are a dime a dozen around Charlotte, and taste that way.
4	This was my first visit to a Pinkberry - YAY for new things.  Located on the side of the Arboretum with Michael's, Mickey & Mooch and Versona, this is a small store with a select group of items (frozen, toppings and greek yogurt to name just a few things) that can be assembled in hundreds of ways.  The signs say the fruit is cut fresh every day, no sitting in syrup.  I assume I had the overwhelmed look of a newbie, so Joe was super helpful in guiding me through the Pinkberry process (he was a peach).  He let me know I could sample what I liked, so I tried the original.  I should have believed the sign that clearly stated that it was tart - whew!  The first punch is super tart, though with the second taste from the sample cup, it wasn't as shocking.  Joe then let me know that the closest flavors to ice cream were chocolate and cookies and cream, so I went with chocolate.  No toppings, just the yogurt.  The chocolate tasted like a soft-serve fudgcicle.  $3.79 for a small.  They do have a few tables outside, but I don't like the heat, and Carolina has already started it's summer with a 90 degree day today (bleh).  There were 4 small tables inside with 3 or 4 chairs at each, so to-go may be the only option once summer is REALLY here.  Tasty treat and a change from my long-standing TCBY love.  If I find myself at Versona again, I shall stop by for a frozen treat at Pinkberry.
