5	I decided to have my 16 year old Heeler cross put down at home.  I cannot imagine euthanizing a dog any other way.  Dr. and Mrs. Fixler could not have been more caring, understanding and professional.  Their service really helped us through a tough time.  When the time comes, do yourself and your pet a favor and call Dr. Fixler.
5	It's always fun to write a 5-star review...to share that you found the greatest restaurant or best hotel.  Well I did find the greatest veterinarian under the saddest circumstances, and it warrants a 5-star review even if it's lacking the fun factor.  Suzi was a scrapper, no doubt about that.  We brought her home from the hospital 3 months ago blind, deaf, and extremely weak following a severe seizure.  As soon as she was home, she knew it.  But would she use the "handicapped" litter box I brought for her?  Nope, she made the trek to her box with the big step up without so much as bumping into a wall, though I had to carry her back out of it.  But with minimal medications and more love than she could stand, she quickly recovered, including her eyesight, to everyone's amazement but her own.  We were blessed she had weeks ahead of quality life with us, but are heartbroken she took a turn for the worse on Thanksgiving night with two seizures only two days apart.  At 19+ years, it was obviously her time.  We called Happy Endings.Dr. Fixler offers 24/7 service and now limits his practice to in-home euthanasia.  With a background in internal medicine and orthopedic surgery, he told me while in general practice, he found a need for this type of service and thought it was always "the right thing to do," but he couldn't always be there for his patients.  Now he can.  Offering valley-wide service, you can schedule a time that's right for you, but he's also available for emergencies.  He and his wife, Alicia, came quickly to Suzi's rescue. They are truly two of the most beautiful people you will meet...caring, thoughtful, and professional at the same time.  He explained each step of the procedure and uses a combination sedative to ensure your pet is completely comfortable.  And she was (although she gave him one good hiss just before the sedative).  Although we handled Suzi's arrangements ourselves, Happy Endings can do it for you.  Lots of information on his website.  Read it before you have to.  Bookmark it before you need it.  I wish I could say that I had one of those storybook endings where your pet looks lovingly into your eyes and says "thank you."  I didn't get that when I lost either of my kitties.  But this one was smoother, and hopefully Little Lu did have a Happy Ending.We miss you Lu Lu.
5	Just as others have said here, I am so grateful for Dr. Fixler and Alicia. I called them to come to my home to put down my 13 year old border collie. He has a lovely demeanor - as does Alicia - and right away, Lucas was up and dropped a toy at his feet. Dr. Fixler did an exam and we discussed Lucas' symptoms and care and he told me right away that he didn't think Lucas was presenting like a dog at the end of his life. He had some ideas and the followed up with me the next day - called in prescriptions and referred me to a vet that has managed to stabilize Lucas. With luck, he'll be with me for a few more years. I know that Dr. Fixler has followed up with Dr. Newland- his referral - regarding Lucas' care. I love that there is great animal care out there and that there are vets that really care. Dr. Fixler is exceptional. And when the time comes, he will be called to my home again. I can't imagine a kinder, more lovely way for any of my animals to be treated - to be given an easier way onward, in surroundings they know and love.
5	When you need this service, these lovely people are the ones to call.   Dr. Fixler make it as good as it can be.   They are a  lovely, kind, caring couple who guide you gently through the process.   We just (minutes ago) had to have our very old cat put to,sleep.   I can write this review only because I think, it is so  important for people to know about people who can and do ease the pain associated with losing a cherished member of your family.
5	After 13 yrs. of having my best friend at my side, it was time for me to let my precious dog go to Heaven.  The services of  Dr. Fixler  are second to none.  The process of having my dog put to sleep in the environment of her own home, without stress was the most comforting experience for my  dog and myself.  I can't express my thanks enough for the way t Dr. Fixler was so kind and understanding.  I would suggest this process and this Service to anyone that is struggling with having their best friend put to rest. This made it so much easier on both my dog and myself.  Thank you so much Dr. Fixler.
1	To those they helped...i'm glad for you. But you shouldn't say you are available 24/7 days when you aren't. We needed someone at 330am yesterday when our very large dog was suffering & we couldn't move him. We called & got a recording that they weren't doing 24 hr service right now. There's only 2 places in town that claim they are 24hr at home care....well the other place isn't either.
5	When you have to let go of your best friend, Dr Fixler is who you would want to be on your and your dog's side.  I have two dogs and he told me exactly how to do this to not cause confusion for the partner of the one leaving, and it worked.  Boomer was sad for awhile but he never searched for his departed mate like some dogs do, because he knew she was gone from our physical world. Dr. Fixler also knew how to support me and my guilt of letter her go (of course we know we shouldn't feel this way, but we all do).  Dr. Fixler and assistant do an examination and give you all options besides euthanasia, but in the end we made our decision to let her go. This is a personal decision and if you want someone guiding you by your side, you are in safe hands with Dr. Fixler.  When it is time for Boomer, I will again go to Dr. Fixler to accompany us.  Very grateful I found him when I needed him. I live far away but for a small fee he came to our home, which shows he does it from his heart.
5	Yesterday we needed the services of Dr. Fixler to put to rest our cat Smokey, as he was terrified to go to the vet. The doctor and his assistant made a very sad and difficult time a lot easier for us and Smokey, who passed away in his favorite napping spot in the house and it was very peaceful and painless for him.Thank you so much for offering this service Dr Fixler, we have others in our pet family and will be seeing you again, hopefully not for quite a while!
5	Happy Endings is a wonderful, wonderful service. From the moment I made that phone call and talked to Alicia I knew I was making the right decision and had to use Dr. Fixler . Dr. Fixler and his technician Briana (?) were professional, compassionate, and understanding. He was loving, kind and gentle with my sweet, sweet Kelcie. I would never want my animal to go any other way and I have to thank Happy Endings from the bottom of my heart. Kelcie was surrounded by people that loved her in an environment she was comfortable in. Thank you.
5	My husband and I are so grateful for this service.  Dr. Fixler was exceptionally kind during the process, and his calm, caring nature ensured a peaceful transition for our cat Luxor.  We take solace in knowing that Luxor did not suffer, even a bit, and was spared having to be transported to the veterinarian's office.  End stage kidney failure took him so quickly, we were glad to be able to do this one small thing for him in the end.A heartfelt thank you to Dr. Fixler and his team.
5	When our young cat, Jilly, was diagnosed with diabetes at the very unusual tender of 3.5 years,  my husband and I suffered a bit of a blow , but we were optimistic that we would get her stable,  and enjoy many more years with her. It was a real kick in the teeth when a few weeks later,  at a follow-up visit to check her blood sugar,  our vet caught an unusual heartbeat.  It was a very quick,  very devastating roll downhill from there.  In the end,  we determined that the treatments needed to keep Jilly alive were not in her best interest, least of all because of the severe stress she suffered on trips to the vet. It was here that we called Happy Endings. Dr Fixler and Alicia spent 20mins on the phone with me,  helping me to come to terms with the decision (she was so young!) at no cost to me. Dr. Fixler shared with me a personal story about his own beloved dog's final day,  and Alicia sealed the deal when I asked her how they perform the service they do,  day in, day out,  and I'll never forget,  she said "Well, we cry a lot. But we take comfort knowing that we help people and pets through a very difficult,  very important moment in their lives". I scheduled the appointment for a few days later.Dr. Fixler, a fully qualified veterinarian,  gave Jilly a preliminary exam to confirm the time was right -they do not perform euthanasia when they when the situation does not call for it. They did not mind that we had a chosen a makeshift bed of my fuzzy bathrobe and one of my husband's supremely stinky work shirts (two of Jilly's favorite things to sleep on) and did not laugh when we requested that her favorite lollypop stick be cremated with her. She was given a sedative and set up with a catheter which, at a clinic, would be done in the backroom, separating pet and person during what is arguably the most traumatic part of the process and excused themselves from the home, giving us privacy to say goodbye. When we were ready,  they returned and Jilly very quickly and peacefully left us. Here, we were left alone again, this time with our surviving cat included as Dr. Fixler suggested,  for a final goodbye. Dr Fixler then returned and respectfully wrapped Jilly up before taking her away. In addition to their main service,  their website is a treasure trove of advice on preparing for and recovering from the loss of a pet.We are so grateful to have found Happy Endings. The in-home service is more expensive,  but we will never put our pets down any other way again. As another reviewer stated,  Dr Fixler will be seeing us again,  but hopefully not for a long time.
5	There aren't enough stars on Yelp to reflect what I feel about Dr. Fixler's service.This isn't a sob story about the most amazing family dog/cat/gecko/ferret to have graced this planet - God knows there are enough of those tributes to sort thru here.  (Ollie is arguably the best protector and friend our family could have been blessed with, though.. on TOP of being the best dog *of all time*..)  ..Plus I don't need to choke myself up again.. I'm done crying..   For now..BUT - I want to reach out to that *one* person looking for another reason why he/she is doing the "right thing" for their special friend AND family by choosing Dr. Fixler.  Lord knows you, my friend - are under enough stress right meow.   Oops - "now"...I have 2 kids that were raised by this amazing mutt.  They love him more than some of our extended family.  (and I concur, for that matter)  He is that important to us.  Dr Fixler spent the time to educate us about Ollie's medical condition, what it was doing to his body, and how it would affect him in the days to come.  Not a pretty picture.  He educated my kids during the procedure as well - educating them on what he was doing, what was happening to their protector and what he was feeling.  This completely removed the fear my kids had of the vet who was coming to administer "death" as they thought it.  They never left Ollie's side.  They were with him every moment until he was gone.  Dr Fixler also provided some very sage advice on how to cope with Ollie's departure.  What to do for the kids, as well.  Amazing.  What you get vs. what you pay for are inordinately in your favor.Good luck, my heart is with you.
5	Dr. Fixler came to our house and put down our 13 year old border collie Max today. He could not have been more respectful to our situation.
5	I had adopted Hank, my Golden mix when he was 2 years old when my also 2 year old Shepherd mix, Bindy was chewing furniture to let me know she was bored.  They bonded immediately, could not be separated and did everything together.  I came to find out that we were his 5th family and that his first 2 years were not happy ones.  After a year of work to get him healthy from his previous abuse he became the most forgiving, protective and loving dog.  So when Hank was diagnosed at barely 7 years old with Lymphoma I was referred to Happy Endings.  I wanted to be sure that Bindy was with him the whole time and that neither of the dogs were stressed by a car ride to the vet.  I include information about Bindy because I feel it is important for anyone with a surviving pet to know what to expect and that they too are a part of this transition.I checked the Yelp reviews for Happy Endings and they were amazing.  I spoke with Alicia who was not only very informative but was extremely compassionate about what to look for when it was time to call them and that they could be at my house very quickly if we needed.  She made me feel at ease knowing I had a plan for Hank's end of life care and I had the remaining time with him to just enjoy and spoil him.  Those two months flew by so fast and within days at the end, so did his condition.  The day they came out I received a "we're on our way" call.  When Dr. Fixler and his assistant Briana(?) arrived Bindy, who had been frantic over Hank's condition, smelled them and Dr. Fixler's bag and seemed to be begging them to do something.  Unfortunately we did have to separate her from us but she was still very close to us and could see Hank.  Dr. Fixler and Briana were happy to be where ever Hank was happy which was outside on his pillow.Dr. Fixler examined Hank and confirmed that yes, it was his time and also told us that how we had taken care of him the last two months was the best course of action.  I felt I had made the right decision from the beginning but when you're at the end you're always looking at the beginning and that made me feel better.  He was very gentle with Hank and had his comfort as first priority.  As we all sat around Hank he gave him an injection of a sedative so he would be asleep and comfortable.  While waiting for the sedation to take effect we completed the paperwork and took care of the cost of the services we had decided on which went smoothly and quickly so we could return our attention back to Hank.  Dr. Fixler kept checking Hank to see if the sedative had taken effect.  Once Hank started to relax Bindy became absolutely silent.Dr. Fixler inserted the catheter after Hank was under sedation so he would not feel a thing.  We were given some privacy to pet him one last time and say goodbye before coming back out to administer the final injection.  He told us everything we may see so we were prepared for what would happen next.  Hank very peacefully passed in the comfort of his favorite spot, surrounded by his family.  This is exactly what I wanted him to have.  His life had started out so hard that I wanted him to have a very peaceful and well, happy ending.  He was surrounded by love, respect and gentle hands.  We once again had more time with him and despite the tears and runny noses we were given hugs and condolences.  It was at this time that we let Bindy in to see Hank and she only made a few sniffs around him and that was it; exactly what Dr. Fixler told us she would do.  When we had said our final goodbyes Hank was very carefully wrapped up and taken away.After Hank was cremated he was couriered to me which the date and time was scheduled in advance.  Inside the box, Hanks remains were very carefully packaged to ensure safe delivery, a letter from Happy Endings again expressing their condolences and an envelope containing the "Rainbow Bridge" poem with Hank's paw print next to it.Despite this very sad time for us, Dr. Fixler, Alicia and Briana gave us and most importantly Hank the most peaceful and respectful experience I could have hoped for.  I didn't have to worry about anything.  Having Bindy there with us was also important because if we had taken Hank away in the condition he was in and not returned with him, Bindy would have searched and searched for him.  When it's Bindy's time to meet up with Hank it will be through the gentle hands of Dr. Fixler.I highly recommend that you visit their website.  There is a wealth of information on grief, surviving pets, etc.  Also know that your surviving pet will go through a grief period of their own.  They will do things out of habit and you'll see them remember that their friend is not there to do those things with them.  Be patient and don't force them into having a new friend too soon.  They will be okay but they need you to guide them through their grief and they will help you through yours.
5	Dear Happy Endings,I want to thank you for assisting in a task that I knew was coming for 13 years.  Every little puppy we have ever brought into our home was guaranteed to one day break our hearts.Sadie was a great dog.  I never recall having to scold her.  She was gentle, smart, and appreciated the love we bestowed on her.  She loved us and showed it every day.Nothing comes free...and last Monday, the 'emotional bill' came due.  Not your bill...but the bill we had to pay with our heavy hearts over her loss.  Nothing as great as a dog's love comes cheap and Monday we had to pay the price in seeing her go.But:You took a dreaded situation and made it more than OK.  You and Rayana covered every base and never missed an opportunity to do the process properly.  You were understanding, gentle, confident, and very punctual.  You could not have done it any better.Regarding your price...It was a honor to pay your fee.  How can anyone put a dollar and cent value on a service such as yours?Know that I will tell all of my friends that WHEN the time comes, to make sure they use your services.Bless you.  And may Sadie rest in peace.Larry Kavich
5	Dr. Fixler, his wife Alicia, and assistant were so kind and helpful to me when it was time for my sweet dog, Gretchen, to go to heaven.  Gretchen was 16-1/2, blind, had ulcers on eyes, and little response.  I thank them  for a peaceful passing.
5	Our sweet 9 year old cat, Bailey got sick just days ago.  After a 24 hour stay at an emergency hospital, we just couldn't get her to snap back at home.  She ended up with what the doctors thought was fatty liver disease and simply had no interest in food, treats, tuna fish, or water.  My husband and I tried for over a day to syringe feed/water her and she was simply weak and miserable and we were heartbroken doing that to her.  She was a class act girl and upon waking up today, she seemed just to live for me.  I couldn't be that selfish nor would I put her through the trauma of yet another car ride.  I went online to search and Happy Endings was the first thing that came up.  I watched the testimonial, loved how informative the website was and called.  I left a message and Alicia called me back within 20 minutes and I was lucky enough that they could help us today.  Dr. Fixler and his assistant were very kind and knowledgeable and didn't rush us with the time we needed with our girl.  Don't get me wrong, it's still as painful as can be, but in the comfort of our home without the dreaded drive was worth every penny and then some.  (They're even sending us a paw-print of Miss Bailey, which wasn't expected.)  Thank you Happy Endings, what an amazing service you provide.
5	We can't thank Happy Endings enough for taking a miserable situation and making it bearable.  We had known for a while the day was coming when we would have to say goodbye to our sweet Maggie.  The thought of taking her to a cold vet's office and saying our farewells basically in public was awful.  Finding Dr. Fixler was our answer.  Everything was handled gently, sweetly and we felt like he and his assistant truly understood this was a family member, not just a dog.  They were compassionate with her and with us.  We sat on the floor and said our goodbyes as a family. We were able to give Maggie the respect and love she deserved. I can't imagine ever doing this any other way again.
5	Saying good-bye to our 19-year-old cat Mittens was so hard, but we were so relieved that her last memories were not of a frightening car ride to a vet's office full of other animal smells.  Dr. Filxer and his assistant came to my home and sat on the floor next to her favorite chair, explained everything that would happen and how it would feel to Mittens, and then let us decide how much time it took.  She went to sleep in her favorite chair, in her favorite sleeping position, in her own home.  Knowing her end was peaceful and calm made all the difference in the world to us, and to Mittens.
5	My pup Ranger ended up dying before Doc could get here, but Alicia was so helpful and supportive on the phone during Ranger's last few breaths. I had contacted Dr Fixler a couple weeks prior and he was so kind in his email reply. I definitely recommend this route if euthanasia is needed and these 2 people really do care for all pets and their grieving owners. Thank You both.
5	We sadly needed Dr. Fixler's services this morning & I am very happy that I stumbled upon Happy Endings when researching my poor girl's end of life experience. I emailed late last night after reviewing their very helpful website about Abby's condition and received a call from Alicia first thing this morning. Even earlier than I had expected. She was very helpful in promptly scheduling our appointment & gave good advice concerning our kids & other dog. Dr. Fixler & assistant (in my grief I didn't properly catch her name) arrived when expected & gave me a call 10 minutes prior to arrival. Dr. examined Abby & set our minds at ease regarding our decision. He fully explained everything and gave us the time we needed. I am so thankful Abby was able to spend her last moments at home & be comfortable. Everyone at Happy Endings is incredibly compassionate & professional and I highly recommend them. I wish I could give them 10 stars.
5	No one likes when the decision to let a pet go is placed at their feet. We were just faced with this decision yesterday. After a brave battle against cancer out girl Katie had fought enough. We saw no reason for her to climb this hill any longer. Dr fixler and his staff run an absolutely invaluable service. We have had a lot of dogs. We have Faced the day of letting them rest in many different situations. All are difficult, but the compassion and professionalism of dr fixler and his assistant made this by far the most comfortable. It will never be pleasant but the comfort and care in this situation cannot be expressed in words. If there were 6 stars happy endings would deserve 7.
5	In what was a very difficult time (the end of life of a furry family member), Dr. Fixler and Nurse Alicia allowed my last moments with my beloved cat, Jack, to be as peaceful as possible, and I 'm very grateful for the gentleness of their care and demeanor. After a month's battle of illness (and many trips to the vet's office, medications, procedures, etc.), we realized that there was not going to be a turnaround in Jack's health, and he had stopped eating and drinking altogether. I didn't want to put him through another trip to the vet's office and have him be anxious/scared (as many cats are when not in their own environment) or in pain (from transportation) in his final hours. And I couldn't even imagine driving home with his empty pet carrier. My veterinarian and staff are AMAZING, but unfortunately they don't perform house calls, and I'm very grateful to them for recommending Happy Endings.I wrote Dr. Fixler an email in the evening, and he responded that same night with his concern and also letting me know that their office would contact me in the morning. And they did, and handled everything with grace. We scheduled for them to come to my home the following day, and the office kept me updated the day of the appointment on arrival time. Nurse Alicia also explained everything about the procedure over the phone, and answered the few questions I had. They called before arrival, and spent time with me beforehand (we all sat on the floor with Jack) talking about the medical issues that Jack had, and discussing again the simple steps that they would be going through to assist Jack in peacefully leaving this world. And I shared some wonderful memories of my much loved 4-legged companion of many years. They allowed me as much time as I needed with him, both before and after. And handled his body with just as much care that I would have.For any other loving owners who, as we all do at one point, need to make that hard decision for our pets, I can't say enough good things about Happy Endings. Thank you!
