5	Fat Tommy's is one of Pittsburgh's finest treasures. I have never had a bad experience here and I doubt I ever will. It's as good as it gets for a pizza and hoagie joint.Fat Tommy's is our lunchtime go-to at work for a couple of reasons:1. We like the staff. I mean with a slogan like, "food with attitude" you know you're going to have a good experience.2. It's fast. We normally stay about an hour but it takes no more than 15 minutes for your food. And I think 15 minutes is an exaggeration.3. IT'S CHEAP! The lunch special I order will get you a drink, bag of chips and a hoagie for $6.69 (tax included). Where else can you get that? If that's not enough food for you then maybe go try a buffet somewhere.In addition to the 8 lunch specials you can order entire pizzas, pizza by the slice, an plethora of fried food for your arteries, salads and calzones.It's kind of small inside so seating fills up quickly. They recently remodeled making it look more like a restaurant and less like your uncle Vinny's basement. The only complaint I have is there is no restroom. What if you gotta go, right? You better hold it until you get back to your office like I do. Am I sharing too much?
4	I had Fat Tommy's food at a catered event. The pasta was pretty tasty- but not too overbearing in flavor. The chicken parm was crisp and came in big cutlet form. It was quite good. The eggplant parm was the best part. They didn't crowd the veggie itself with other ingredients so there was a good proportion of eggplant to cheese/macaroni/sauce. I haven't had too much other Italian food from Pittsburgh so I'm not sure how it holds up in comparison, but it was solid overall. I didn't pay so I'm not sure of the price range. Oh, and the salad was fresh.
5	I'm surprised to see such a low rating.  I have never had anything but the best experience at Fat Tommy's.  The food has always been good and you can't beat the prices especially in Market Square.  For reference, you could go across the square and get a sub at DiBella's, pay twice as much and get a worse sandwich.  So for what it is, Fat Tommy's has to be the best restaurant around.Let's just remind ourselves what Fat Tommy's is.  It's a pizza and hoagie place with a bar and TVs.  It's not gourmet, high end food.  It's unpretentious and laid back and expectations should be set accordingly.  However, there should be some expectation of attitude from the workers, first because their motto is "Fresh Food with Attitude" and second because you would have attitude too if you spent hours in front of a hot pizza oven.  I can't think of one pizza joint where the workers didn't have attitudes.  That suits me just fine though because I expect it going in.  Perhaps the people with the negative reviews didn't realize this going in.  But when I'm downtown and want a slice of pie or a delicious toasted hoagie, Fat Tommy's is my first choice.
2	Shit service. One guy running the place that was cooking, taking drink orders, serving, washing dishes...etc.  The food was not that good IMO.
1	Not worth going to, poor customer service and crappy thin pizza, just keep driving on by.
3	After a weekend of stuffing my face full of turkey, I decided to get some beef today.I opted for Fat Tommy's at Market Square to quench my desire.  Down the Forbes Avenue (almost a side street) approach to Market Square from Stanwix, Fat Tommy's is in a surprisingly newer-looking space.  The layout, tables, and bar area are definitely underwhelming.During my brief take-out interaction --- on the phone and pickup/pay, I pay very particular attention to whether I think the waitstaff is happy I'm there, or if I'm more of a bother. The service was OK --- not particularly friendly, or helpful.I'm not sure I like their motto, though, "Fresh Food with Attitude" and how that fits in with William Degel's(of Uncle Jack's in NY, or TV)  oft mentioned "Customer is King." mantra.  Is the food supposed to have attitude or the waitstaff?In any event, I picked the Supreme Cheese Steak. I don't like 9" hoagies generally, especially with no option for a 12". I think 9" can be too small for a big guy like myself and it might be nice to have another 3" for another $3 bucks, but I digress.It was a chopped steak and while there was a decent portion of it on there, the mushrooms, green peppers, onions, mayo, and cheese were harder to find. The bread was pretty fresh. The overall sandwich lacked seasoning and lacked that punch that says, "Damn that's good."It wasn't great but it wasn't terrible either.  I don't see myself craving another one any time soon.Their credit card machine was down, and so they were copying credit card numbers & expiration dates to run later.  While I'm not overly paranoid, in the current state of the world with regards to identity theft, I'm not thrilled with this process.Middle of the road service and middle of the road food begets middle of the road rating.
5	Just moved away from downtown Pittsburgh after living in downtown for 5 years. But need to do a solid for the most unknown pizza in downtown Pittsburgh. BEST PIZZA YOU'LL EVER FIND OUTSIDE OF NEW YORK CITY I KID YOU NOT!!!!!!!! ( and I just moved back to NYC!!!!! ) It's amazing, perfect thin crust, spicy pepperoni, tangy tomato sauce, right amount of cheese. Eat that baby within a minute or two of it coming out of the oven, and it's perfect. Eat it 20 minutes later it's still amazing. Seriously you will NOT find a better pie in Pittsburgh, I kid you not. Place is small, only seats about 20-30 at most. I highly reccomend talking with Tommy if you have time he's a riot to talk to. Bar has all your basic bar needs and they have killer tvs to watch the games. Don't go too late, he closes based on business needs. But it's usually open until 8ish, have seen him open til 10. GO GO GO!!! You'll not get a better pie in PGH!
1	Tried to order pickup from Fat Tommy's on a Friday night at 7. Was rudely informed by the person on the phone that they only have pizza and appetizers. When I tried to order the buffalo chicken pizza he said no, they only had cheese, pepperoni, mushroom or sausage. While we were trying to decide, he told us to "call when we figure it out" and hung up the phone. Needless to say, we didn't call back. There are too many good pizza places in Pittsburgh to waste my time with a place that doesn't want my business.
5	Good stuff. Got the chicken parm. $7.99 plus an order of fries for  .99 cents. Bread was fresh and the chicken was good. The sauce was delicious. The server was bright and served the fries before the food so we had something to munch on while we were waiting. Gf got the Italian sub which was good too. Highly recommend. Nothing fancy. This is just good food for a good price. Service was quick too.
5	this is a really great place to eat i love fat tommys pizza anytime anywhere of the day great place to site down and enjoy the day keep up the good work guys
3	Ok pizza but not great. Would probably go to la gondola right down the street before coming back here. Crust was tasteless and they're a little skimpy on the cheese. Waitress was nice and the place was clean.
1	I wanted to see their menu and prices so I looked at their website, which said that I should call for prices. I called just now and a gentleman told me that he is "TOO BUSY" to tell me prices and hung up! Um, okay then I am taking my business somewhere else.
1	Will never go back. #1 slice was almost 4 dollars. It was very small and crust was paper thin. I've had grocery store frozen pizza and it it is much better. #2 over all feel in the place is rude. When you walk in there are tons of signs that tell me that they do not appreciate their customers. #3 not clean and very hot. I was sweating after "ening in there for just a few minutes. Don't waste your time. Giovanni on 6th is way bette. 2.50 per slice and they are way bigger pieces.
