2	On my last trip out, I was stuck in traffic outside this IHOP.  The signs on the door were promoting fresh strawberry pancakes.  Yum!I parked, walked in, and waited.  Waited.  Finally someone showed me to a table.  No menus, no coffee, no hello.I waited.  And waited.  Have you ever said to yourself "if a waitress doesn't show up in the next 3 minutes, I'm walking out?"  Well, I did, and I did.Sorry IHOP.  You were the bee's knee's when I was 5, but I just have higher standards now.
3	"Well, it's not called International House of Crepes."  This is how I talked my Dad out of making a huge mistake at the i-Hop.  And I took a cool photo of the pancakes with Boysenberry syrup.  Not a bad i-Hop, but let's face it, i-Hop is no Waffle House.
3	IHOP is a classic breakfast/lunch/dinner location in town.  The chain of chains offers 24 hour meals for cheap prices.  If you stick with the basic items on the menu you really can't go wrong.  Some are fans and some aren't, however, IHOP has always delivered in the few times I've visited.
1	Plane landed late after being held up in Denver waiting for a flight crew, Got here late, and hunger, this was next to the hotel we were in, so we headed over, and although it filled us up ( and did not feel right), we have not been back their since, and will not go go back.
2	I've been to quite a few IHOP. Most are similar in food quality and service.... average.Nothing was too exciting about this branch north of Las Vegas strip. It opened 24-hours a day. We went there at 1AM on a Sunday. That's life in sin city... hehehe... I will say no more!It's very cold that night. It even rained with strong wind at 2 AM before we left. So I ordered hot chocolate (HC). Oh my Buddha!!!! It's $2.59 per cup (ordinary coffee cup), no refill. What a big rip off. I usually pay $0.10 per package. It's 26 times mark up. And my friends had the expected refill of coffee and soft drinks of the same price.I felt the world has come to a stop when the price of refillable drinks going from $0.99 to $2.99 lately. And worse, people embrace it head over heel and most don't even ask for refill. Let's see if HC will catch on... $2.99 a cup (regular cup) with no refill.The foods were OK at 1:30 AM. Edible. I gave our waiter a big tip for giving me a free cup of HC after I complained. But I will pay close attention to price jacking from now on... I do have a limit how much I will tolerate for this average chain. Sky is not the limit on my value land.So diners, I have nothing else to add. It's not my first choice usually. I will still stop by any branch for now whenever convenient.
1	This place is always busy. The wait is not worth it at all. the food is not well prepared. It's as if the cooks are so busy that they dont care if they overcook or undercook. The last time i was there the eggs had way too much oil/butter and the has browns where undercooked. Just go somewhere else. Vegas is full of places to eat, this is the worst.
3	Come on.... its IHOP... its not that bad & ya know what you're getting into. I do, however, appreciate the healthy selections now available on their menu. I tried the fruit-loaded crepes, which were definitely low-cal because they definitely had me snagging a few bites from my hunnie's plate of fail-safe IHOP omelette & pancakes. Yum- not gourmet, but get the job done for a quick breakfast nosh in Vegas that's not a buffet!
3	Ok. Its an old IHOP on the strip near the Sahara. I eate here a few times during my stay and I'm pleased that within 5 minutes we had our table - no matter how busy they were.  Food was consistent every time and the staff does what they are here to do - sling hot cakes at a small busy old IHOP.
3	Good breakfast. Good service. Good location. Needs more parking and one of the chefs doesn't known the difference between sunny side up and scrambled...
1	Jebus!IHOP no, no this is not an IHOP it's a place where scumbags and druggies hang.I love ihop, but this is a location that you would think would keep clean, have friendly staff BUT let me stress the clean part because this place was far from it.There was some very suspect people in the booth at the other corner of the place that well, can anyone say drug deal????many people who visit Vegas tent to stick to the "pretty" places, but i like to venture out and see what a place is really like...Vegas is a city on the grow, and thats why this kinda crap needs to be cut short..wanna deal go home deal from ya house.As for the location this is just south of the strat and on the same side, its right near a tattoo parlor which if you want to get a bit of ink and wanna sit in the window on show while they do it, thats the place to go.IHOP!NO JUST PLAIN HOP PASS THIS PLACE!DON'T GO THERE!
3	We were driving around wasting time and came up on the restaurant.  We were in need of breakfast, so IHOP it is.  The parking lot is really weird- the way the spaces are lined up, it can be difficult to park.  There is also not alot of space.  The nearby area seemed a little sketch, but not frightening.I ordered the pick-a-pancake combo.  Didn't really need the hash browns, but my brother offered to eat them.  Problem solved.  I got the double blueberry pancakes- blueberry pancakes with blueberry topping.  You definitely get alot of them. The eggs were cooked well.  The bacon could have been cooked a little longer.  To drink, I got the splashberry splasher.  How awesome that you get free refills of them.Our server was a bit slow to begin with.  We got seated, she took our drink order, and then she disappear for a long while.  The others in our section were looking around for her, too.  My brother even joked with another table that they may have to go find her.  Not so good.
3	Your average IHOP. Service was good, food was good. Nothing spectacular, nothing bad.
3	This location is small, warm inside, and very dim lighting. Not the best IHOP I've ever experienced. The neighborhood is questionable...right next to the projects. The food was good, just like any other IHOP. Our waitress was great, wish I would have caught her name so I could give her a shout out."Meh. I've experienced better." but overall it was "A-OK"! :)
1	Went here for breakfast after 4 days of expensive meals on our vacation. Needed some financial relief so we went to IHOP. Walked in and the hostess ran down a list of items that they didn't have. The list reads: pancakes, eggs, toast, orange juice. They did have sandwiches but no fries to go with it. Needless to say we walked out. How the hell does that happen? Freakin' clowns running this IHOP. Plus the area is ugly. Small IHOP and in a terrible neighborhood. I wish I could give this place zero stars.
3	Don't say anything...trust me.  I-Hop is the last place I would want to eat in Vegas.My boys wanted to eat here.  I tried very hard to change their mind...they won...After reading some reviews of this place, I was little concerned.  After we finished eating, it wasn't too bad at all.  There were a lot of negative reviews, but I think they were too critical...I would eat here again if I was really low on cash...
2	an epic adventure in americana ghetto wraithdom.ok, so why would i be eating here and then admitting to it? well, downtown vegas has its own special ghetto charm. i wouldn't miss this for the world!we walk right in, no wait. i'm told this is unusual with a line frequently going outside and a 15-20 minute wait throughout the day. luck is with us!--server's face sparkles with glitter make-up! FTW!--another server is lording over her busser, "...I make *more* than you! I make $9.50 an hour!" wow.--no blueberries, no chocolate chips. pancakes are popular today! chocolate batter pancakes are the pinch hitter.--eggs ordered over easy arrive over-rock-hard. nice! just like i ordered!--english muffin served with side of whipped butter on a piping hot plate... so the butter was a melted pool when i went to look for it. whaHAW!--tap water/ice has floaties! great surprises!--busser drops tray full of glass tumblers, sending shards of glass flying, and onto my table and booth. nice!--10 servers, 2 hosts, 2 cashiers, countless bussers and managers all chat lazily over their patrons. great vibe.--pan handlers fight over us (fresh bait) as we walk the sidewalk. Mine! Mine! MINE!Don't miss the $100-move-in/$300-per-week rooms for rent next door. the view of the sky through the caving roof is framed well through the gaping holes which used to be glass window panes. maybe there was a bomb test conducted there?thanks for the memories!
2	My big special meal was not very.Rooty or tooty! the plate looked like it was anorexic! didn't look good at all
3	Went here for breakfast last Monday and had to wait almost 20 mins to be seated as it was very busy. This also showed in the food which seemed to be hurriedly prepared. I had the pancake combo and found the turkey bacon to be extremely salty and the pancakes themselves to be flat rather than fluffy. The other members in our group also felt that the food was lacking. So overall a very OK type of meal and nothing like the IHOP that i normally visit in Torrance.
3	Late night arrival in Las Vegas.  Starving and tired after a massive LVH screw up, we decided to find food.  Late night food.  What's open?IHOP is!This IHOP is just like every other one.  Menus are the same.  Food tastes the same.  But one problem.  I guess IHOPs outside of Los Angeles county serve Pepsi now, instead of Coke.  This makes me rage with fury like a dragon.  I am displeased.Aside from the Pepsi debacle, I guess it's A-OK.
1	I have nicknamed this restaurant the "NHOP" or "Nasty House of Pancakes". I went to this restaurant last weekend for breakfast. It looked like it has not been cleaned in years. The waitress brought our juice and coffee with her hands around the rim of the glass (yuck). Another server started sweeping the carpet (very old carpet) around my table. I saw dust particles flying up and thought of how many were landing in my coffee and juice.  I decided I could not eat at such a nasty establishment. We left without ordering food. This place is disgusting.
2	For a chain, this was awful. It's north of the Strip, near the Stratosphere, in a not-so-great area. The inside is dark and drab. The restroom was dirty and broke while we were there. The food was okay, the omelettes were bigger than at most IHOP's, but still, nothing wonderful. Avoid, unless you're really hungover and need this stuff. But there's Denny's right on the Strip, so...
1	This place is a sorry excuse for a ihop. If it wasn't for the name, I'm not sure where this place would be. The prices are extremely higher than normal ihops. When I first arrived I asked what specials they have and the waitress said none. Even if they didnt have specials they could have offered the best values or most commonly ordered dishes. For what you get, it was crap. I didn't take a pic but the fruit was exactly as one yelper posted, not fresh and saturated in sugary juices. I got my son the chicken strips and fries and they certainly jipped us in value. Nothing looked like the pics I'm surprised they are still letting them call this a ihop.
1	Worst ihop in the line of ihops. Bathroom was disgusting. Hoodlums hang out front... Pretty sure a drug deal went down with a chef. Bugs on the table, big ones, with 6 legs. Never going back
3	My family was craving ihop so we found this location down the street from the hotel. Parking is a nightmare and we had to wait about half an hour for a table. The food was good, but I guess they ran out of clean cups because they served our drinks in styrofoam cups. I wouldn't recommend this location.
1	Worst place you can eat in Las Vegas!!!!!!!! I'm from long beach and visit I hop at least once a week and am very disappointed about this place 1st  they didn't allow my daughter to sit on a high chair because of "fire hazard" 2nd it took them 15 min to take my order 3rd I ask a server to a least get me coffee while I wait and she said its not her job!!!!! Damn if you want something to eat please go some other place.....
3	We were hungry and had to have a brunch before heading out to the airport. This was the only place close to where we stayed. The wait was not bad, only 5-10 minutes. We ordered Garden Omlette and Swedish Crepes. Both were OK, the omlette could have been made better, the edge of the omlettes were crispy. I have had better omlettes in other IHOPs. The swedish crepes was way too sweet. When we left we saw at-least 20 people waiting in line.
1	Old, outdated, and definitely not on the best side of town, but I already knew that going in, so I wasn't expecting much.Will I go back?  Yeah, sure... If I'm in the area, and wasted to the point where anything I eat taste good.  You know, cause when you're drunk, you think you'll sober up if you eat something so you eat anything. Sober?  Definitely not.
1	This place looks dirty as hell. Just nasty. I walked in with my man and was just not feeling the place what so ever. At the entrance I guess someone went to the bathroom and dragged a seat cover out with them on their shoes. EEEWWW! So its floating around on the floor in the waiting area. I know the workers saw this. After seeing this I came here - to  yelp to see what the reviews were - and a lot of you were on point. Gross and nasty. I was getting sicker just thinking how the bathrooms may look. After reading and having our own personal experience with the floating seat cover - we went to the one off of Marylane. Waaayyyy better!!!
1	Disaster. Pure disaster. There was three of us waiting to be seated and it took two minutes to explain there wasn't a fourth person and that everybody was here. Ordered strawberry lemonade, got regular lemonade and was told the strawberries would come later so I wouldn't have to wait. They never came. Then ordered waffles with chicken and was brought the chicken first so I wouldn't have to wait again. The waffles took forever to be brought out. Then the waiter dropped a plate of food right next to my leg, didn't even apologize but rather cracked jokes about it. Two words: never again!
1	Save yourself some grief and just run away... water tates like chlorine so in case you eat here drink lots of water... it may stop food poisoning. ... the french toast had a soggy wet egg taste and texture.
2	This place has fewer special options than other ihops and in definitely understaffed. Food was below average, price was standard IHOP price. I wouldn't recommend stopping by - there are other better restaurants in the area.
1	Bad service, even worse food. Everything looks dirty. Food was under cooked. Area is horrible and staff gossip all day next to your table due to tiny environment.
3	Thursday, 9:30am, April. Good experience here, everything came out in proper time and glad they had harvest grain pancakes. Seemed clean and active. Negatives are that it's small and under staffed.
2	The hosted voice was so loud but that's not the problem the carpet was so dirty it had so many stains the floor around us were dirty 40 min later no one came to clean it The restroom was horrible the service was slow the food did not taste very fresh my order of chicken was not cook well it looks like the did it in a hurry - pic was attach The french fries were ok If you look at the menu the food size I order was much small Better value go to subway
3	Pros: The place looks old from the outside but decent inside. The host had good customer service and our waitress too. Cons: It took awhile for the food to come out for my wife's order and they ran out of mayo for my fries. And we ordered sausage not bacon for with our pancakes.
3	Ihop in Vegas....still ihop.
3	Not the freshest smelling IHOP around. Very old and broken-down looking. The cushion in my booth had a big slash across the seat, cushion filling spilling out. We arrived at about 2pm, ample parking and there were 2 tables filled. There was one wait staff on the floor and one kitchen staff behind the counter. Orders were taken after we were seated and menus given. Service was efficient and no time wasted on frivolous things like small talk. Food arrived quickly. Pancakes are ok. Fluffy, but dry. Strange.
1	I had often heard that breakfast is quite good at Ihop. Therefore, we took the opportunity in Las Vegas and visited this restaurant. Unfortunately, our expectations were not fulfilled. I found the restaurant was quite dingy and dirty. The food was OK, but just that. Compared to what was offered, the price was too high in the end. My opinion is, that you can eat breakfast better and cheaper elsewhere.
4	When during brunch hours. Prices were reasonable for what they offer, good for families with kids!! The staff was Nice and attentive
3	The manager here is ridiculous. First off he was upset that we had a party of 10.. As soon as we walked in he made this "ugh.." sound. Our group wasnt drunk or being loud.. So he had no reason to give attitude. Then when we were leaving we had our checks split.. He got upset at the fact that my friend had a 100 dollar bill broken. THIS IS A RESTAURANT IN VEGAS... I'm sure we're not the only people paying with cash on the strip. Get over it and take the money. However, our waiter "lobo", I believe was his name was extremely polite and very attentive. 3 stars for his service and no stars for the idiot most likely senile manager.
2	We spent the last few days in Vegas and decided to stop in here for pancakes. First thing, they didn't have the holiday pancakes because they forgot to order the stuff for them.... the place was a mess, but the staff was nice. What we did have to eat was not bad,  but compared to other locations, I was disappointed.
1	I loooove IHOP...BUT the manager at this place is a grey haired nasty old rude dude! We came in on a busy day and had an infant asleep in an infant car seat (that I removed from stroller). The manager raised his voice and rolled his eyes appearing very annoyed trying to give me advice on how to place my child in the booth. He insisted he had done this a million times...SO HAVE I. Food is good, as usual. Go to the IHOP at south premium outlets, manager is a doll!!!
4	For breakfast this place is great. It isn't in the best area and isn't the cleanest place but not all places can be 5 star quality. The staff was very friendly and overworked. The worst part about here was the other people. They were very rude. I feel sorry for the staff that has to deal with them.
