4	I don't know how many times I passed by this little gem, but I am so glad that I found it.  While the business is not new, the location and interior decor are new.  Completely unassuming interior with a nice feel.  One of the few things that put me off was the smell of smoke and grease that permeates the interior of the restaurant.  After tasting the food, I have no issue mulling through that slight smell in the atmosphere.  I have already gone twice and below is what we ordered:Hot turkey sandwichCorned beef sandwich3 full wings (dry + wet hot)Hot Beef Brisket SandwichSpicy Chicken SandwichBlack-eyed peas and riceEverything is made fresh by Donna -- and, yes, there is a Donna.  She is back in the kitchen slaving away at the stove to make your breakfast, lunch or dinner for you.  What is the bad thing about fresh food?  If Donna runs out of the special, you can't order it until it is next on the menu.  The portions are gargantuan and one meal can easily be two or three portions for just one person.  The flavor is good and Southern in nature.  I really enjoyed my black-eyed peas with rice and the bacon that came on top.  The spicy chicken sandwich is not on the menu, but Donna has no issue attempting new dishes if you can explain how to make them.  In fact, she welcomes the challenge as she is a true cook.  All drinks are canned, but those in Pittsburgh should be used to this.  I will continue to return to Donna's for good southern, home cooking.  Just be ready to take a nap if you decide to eat a full meal by yourself.
1	Go to this place if you want mega portions of food reheated in a microwave and a server who just yells at you from across the room rather than walking over.  The mashed potatoes were at least a day old and of a dry and mealy consistency and under seasoned and cool in the center.  The wings were small and normal in flavor.  The macaroni and cheese was so extremely average and greasy and again under heated.  The meatloaf was the largest portion of meat I have ever seen on a plate.  It was completely absurd.  I laughed.  This mound of meat was at least a pound.  probably more.  it was massive!  It was so lukewarm and under heated and had too much of a wet spongy spongy consistency.  I'm glad I didn't order it.  and can you guess it was under heated.  Some portions of food would be piping hot and some would be cool.  Classic symptoms of microwave heating.  So lovely to sit down to a mega sized microwave dinner.  left overs are no consolation and I don't think its any coincidence that we forgot the leftovers on the table.  But wait.  its sad to think the meal itself was already a left over reheated.  There is much, much, much better comfort food with better service at other places in town so I would advise to pass on this place.  We had a pretty negative experience.
4	Our first encounter with Home Cooked by Donna was at a tasting event at the Heinz History Center. Based on that we had to try this place in person for more than just a taste.  Loved it. Great soul food.  Portions on gargantuan. Cooked to order, so be patient.  Wish I lived closer so I could check out their breakfast.  Definitely will be back.
4	Went here for brunch on Sunday.  Yes they are open. First the food here was excellent and there is lots of it.I had French toast eggs and bacon and wife had sausage and eggs.  The place was not crowded with three other patrons.The waiter while pleasant was not the most attentive to his duties causing the place to drop one star in rating.
