5	1 tequila2 tequila3 tequilafloor......j/k...I'm a fan of the goose & some juice... ;)
5	If you want a good burger, Steiner's is definitely a must!  For less than $7 you can get a hearty cheeseburger and a basket full of beer battered fries.  So good!  Their potato skins are yummy, too.  Cheap prices for the best burgers in town!
4	They call it a pub, and it's very much a sports bar.  Tons of televisions everywhere to catch the game of your choice.  A perfect spot to be when the big game is on!My first time here, and I was going to give it a four stars.  I ordered the Chopped & Tossed Prime Ranch Steak Salad "Pieces of chipotle marinated prime tender ranch steak tossed with roasted sweet corn, avocado, tomato, red onion and shaved fennel, served over field greens with our basil Romano vinaigrette, crispy fried sweet onions and Parmesan toast" ($13.95) from their specials of the day menu.  Initially, our waiter told us that it was a lunch special but the chef would do it for us anyway since we came in the afternoon.  The salad looked great, huge and just totally worth it!  (I did notice the absence of the avocado though, which I pointed out later to the waiter so he knew.)  The Big F now the Husband ordered the Kobe (Not Bryant) Burger "An incredible burger from beer fed, hand massaged, and sake brushed beef...served on a sweet sourdough bun with Maui onions, aged white cheddar cheese, heirloom tomatoes, and leaf lettuce.  Served with a pickle." ($13.99)  He was pretty impressed with his burger, a nice size and good flavor.  We also ordered the Death Valley, Chips "Homemade crispy waffle cut potato chips tossed in Yosemite Sam Steiner's spicy seasoning blend of Lawry's seasoning salt and paprika." for $3.99.  A bit salty, but good nonetheless.Service was spotty.  Our waiter disappeared for awhile and we wanted to pay.  We had to wave down another waiter who in turn looked for our waiter and you could tell our waiter 'disappeared' for a bit.  Did he go on break and not tell anyone?  When I got home shortly after, I was on the toilet.  Yeah, dinner didn't agree with me.  It wasn't pretty.2 stars...overall, 3 stars.Went back again the past weekend and this time I ordered the Sea Breeze, Mediterranean Steiner's Pub Salad "A mound of crisp romaine greens topped with a dressing of marinated cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, jicama, and green peppers mixed into a balsamic and herb vinaigrette.  Presented with crisp pita chips, kalamata olives, and a sprinkle of feta cheese.  Served with your choice of our succulent lamb chops or a tender grilled chicken breast."  for $13.99.  I chose the lamb chops and three chops were resting on my salad.  Again, it was a hearty salad, and the chops were good (not as good at Blue Martini's though) and enough for the Husband to share.  He needed to share because he made the mistake of ordering theWellington, Lamb Chops Appetizer "Four chops marinated in olive oil, garlic and rosemary, then grilled to perfection.  Served with our signature horseradish dipping sauce." for $11.99.  And it really was four chops with a dipping sauce.  It definitely wasn't going to be enough for him.  He did ask the waiter if it came as a entree option, but was told only as an app.  So, as a result the Husband was eating off my salad.  Our friend ordered the Panaca, Corned Beef Reuben Sandwich "100% lean and trimmed corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and your choice of stone ground mustard or 1000 island on grilled marble rye bread." for $8.99.  It came with fries, potato salad, coleslaw or chips.  Since he didn't know what the Death Valley chips were, the waiter offered to bring him a sample so he could try it first. (I thought that was pretty nice of the waiter to do that.)  And as a result, he chose the Death Valley chips.Service was a lot better this time!  Not only did our waiter check on us often, but the waitress who initially got us our drinks was following up on us as well.  There was no need to even worry about getting our beverages refilled since they were on top of it!  They are also in the Entertainment Book, which gives you a 15% discount every time you dine there after you use the coupon.3.5 stars overall.Value priced apps M-F 3-5 pm2 for 1 happy hour M-F 4-7 pmThey also have a Steiner's Pub card where you earn points when dining there.(Pics posted!)
4	Steiner's gets 4 starts on the strength of their burgers alone. Their burgers are juicy and actually taste like meat because they don't cook the hell out of them like so many chain restaurants do. The meat is actually still pink in the middle heaven forbid! Their breakfast is also really good. The hash browns O'Brien that come with just about all the breakfast dishes are great and not too greasy and the biscuits and gravy are nothing to sneeze at either.
4	It's very loud in here.  Also at 1100 pm Sat nite I was surprised to see a table of 3 with a child clearly under 5 in the booth.  The tv that covered our booths was not operational.  Our tasty $13.99 kobe beef burgers were ordered medium but were more rare.  Other than that, our waitress was very hard working & even brought us a basket of hot beer battered fries since we had to wait for our burgers to be re-done.
1	The service here blows!!! The two woman bartenders seemed like they were more concerned with their cell phones than their customers. Very rude and unfriendly service. It was my first time and needless to say I wont be back. Take my advice, keep driving right on by!!
3	I like this place quite a bit, and I should probably give it more than 3 stars.  Anyway, the food is a slight cut above most of the bar & grill places here.  The Kobe burger is a treat when you feel like paying $14 for a high-quality hamburger, and the rest of the burgers are interesting and tasty.  The appetizers are usually pretty good, but then again most bars serve some yummy deep-fried items.  There are about 25-30 beers available on tap, including one of my favorites, Rogue's Hazelnut Brown Nectar.  Steiner's isn't a place that I would consider driving across town for, but if you're nearby it's a good place for a meal and a couple of terrific beers.
4	For being a "pub," Steiner's offers great food.  My party all ordered burgers, which while not amazing, we're all solid.  Loved the fries, very well seasoned (Reminded me of the good ol' days of Rally fries).  The best part?  The stimulus package special!  We went on Monday, so all of the burgers were marked down.  $6 for each specialty burger (plain and cheese were $5)!  Great deal...Think they also had a prime rib special that night as well, although we didn't try it.As someone mentioned early, it is definitely a sports bar.  Tons of TVs all over the place and loads of games going.  Service was decent...Nothing to complain about on that front.Overall a great place to catch a bite to eat and watch a game!
5	When you have to spend as much time in Las Vegas as we do, the over-priced food on the 'strip' gets to be a bit much.  This place offers great food at much more reasonable prices and a fun and casual atmosphere.  Oh, and their breakfast is excellent!
4	Great food for a pub.  Try the Kobe Burger!
3	The menu at this local pub/bar looks very promising. I had the death valley chips. They were so so. A bit too salty for me. I thought they were made to order but they did not come out fresh from the fryer. I had the fried chicken and I would have to say that they were very tasty. Fried perfectly. I was not able to try the lamb chops...next time.
5	This place is not what you would think!  It seems to be a locals joint. We happened to hit happy hour which consisted of 2 for 1 draft beer till 7. Appetizers were between 3 and 5 dollars. We had chicken wings and nachos and both were better than I expected. The food portion of happy hour lasts until 6 o'clock. I would definitely recommend this place!
3	Steiner's, a Nevada Style Pub on LVBs is one of those places that I don't quite know how to describe. It is a sports bar, Irish feel pub, and restaurant all in one. From what I see they seem to be pulling it all off with good beer, plenty of sports on screens all over the place, and good food.My wife and I come there most often for breakfast which they do pretty well. They are not the "Egg and I" (yay) nor the "Hash House A Go Go" (yuck) but a happy medium. I usually get the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs which they do well and of course there is your usual Two Egg Breakfast that is done well and reasonably priced. (It is hard to review breakfast food; it's hard to screw up breakfast.) The hash browns are good with red and green bell peppers for added flavor and interest and they use heartier bread than most other places. In all; breakfast done right.They also have a pretty extensive lunch and dinner menu and I know the appetizers are all tasty. Personally I like the beer battered onion rings. The burgers are large and juicy and they even offer a Kobi Burger although I have not tried it... yet.The staff is professional, friendly and responsive to their customers needs. The facility is clean and well kept. If I had a complaint at all about the restaurant it's that it's too dark. They offer a selection of free mags in the foyer (City Life, LV Weekly, etc) but it is so dark reading them is a challenge. That also means reading the menu is a challenge. It's not as if turning up the lights would reveal a shabby establishment; there is a lot of beautiful custom wood work all around and it might be nice if they showed it off making reading easier.If you are a regular be sure to get the "loyalty card" and present it with your bill each time to dine or drink. After 200 points they send you a $20.00 gift certificate and they have specials and birthday offers as well. It's worth the effort for the perks.This qualifies as one of my "Cheers" locals because when we come in (usually for breakfast) the crew knows our order and how we like it. Isn't it great becoming a regular at a restaurant you like? It makes dining all the more relaxing and I for one am looking for a relaxing time when I go out to eat.So, why do I give Steiner's only 3 stars? Here is my breakdown for stars that I have been meaning to post somewhere:1 Star: I am not coming back to this place unless you pay me and may not even then. The experience here was so bad I want it to be forgettable but it will probably linger in my memory like a tuna sandwich that sat out too long and is now sitting in my stomach reminding me of its' presence with every wicked burp.2 Stars: The experience here is forgettable but I would return if I must. In this case the food is edible, the staff is passable, and the environment is at least clean when they put down paper mats, but I will not be chasing any rolling meat balls and taking advantage of the five second rule. You know the type of place; they are usually called 'greasy spoons' which are far too common for my taste.3 Stars: These are nice places and I would have no problem returning. The food is good but not great, the staff is friendly and efficient, and the facility is obviously clean and maintained. While I am still not chasing wayward meat balls I might think about if they don't go too far. It will be a place I will remember as a positive experience and on my regular or semi-regular places to go.4 Stars: These establishments have shown me something special in some way. It may be the food is exceptional (usually they have spiced their offerings a little more liberally or prepared then exceptionally), or the service is very good and the staff is friendly and always with a smile, or the environment is memorable and offers something that is not at every other place around town (like live music but not 20 screens in a sports bar). 4 star places are places I will treat myself to when I want to feel special or for a special occasion. (My wife and I have a Thai place and a couple others on this short list.)5 Stars: A 5 star restaurant has be is something really special but this does not mean expensive or fancy. For a place to rate 5 stars for me I have to have a "long term relationship" with them. I have to know that going there is ALWAYS a great experience or the food is GREAT, not just exceptional or good. As of this writing I have only posted two 5 star establishments and it may be a while until I add any more. For me giving a 5 star rating means the place is special on many levels, be it the food, service or environment or a combo. I plan on giving out very few 5 star ratings.So, Steiner's falls right smack dab in the 3 star zone and I am happy for it... and so should you. Give them a try, there is a lot to like there.
5	Great beer selection at a good price; food is well prepared and the service is tops!
4	Steiner's self labeled "Nevada Style Pub" (whatever that means??) is a neat homy pub located on Las Vegas Blvd.  It's got one of the best selections of beer and liquor libations in the city.  They offer gaming and one of the coolest menu selections 24/7.Personally tried the chili and thought highly of the flavor and amount for the price, especially at 3 am.  The staff is fast and friendly offering the full spectrum of pub quality fare.
4	My mom LOVES this place, which means if I am in Vegas at the same time she is, I can expect a meal at Steiners.  Extra points that Flava-Flav was walking out the door when we arrived. (Awesome).The beer selection is decent and the food is not meant for people that eat organic.  I ended up with a fajita salad with no meat which was good enough.  Fries and Onion rings were tasty.  Everything is very reasonably priced and the vibe is low-key.  For anyone that wants a tried and true american pub meal, Steiners is a trusted bet.
4	The staff is friendly & they have the best bar food in town! Lower the prices & it's a 5 star rating.
4	I have been to Steiners a few times and every visit I am satisfied with my food and the service. Most recently I went to Steiners with my husband on a Friday night because we had a coupon in our 2011 Entertainment coupon book. BoGo. Not too shabby since we love Steiners. The place was not very busy and we were able to sit right away. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. My husband was thrilled because he got to watch sports while we waited. We started out with a couple of Blue Moons and an order of Onion Rings. GET THE ONION RINGS. Yum, drool. Unless of course you are on a diet. Then maybe not. In fact, don't. But luckily it was Friday after 5pm and all calories from Friday at 5pm to Sunday at midnight don't count so we were OK. If it were not for our tight budget, we would have ordered another round of Moons and Rings. For dinner I had the Kobe Beef Burger and my husband had the Fish n Chips. The burger was fresh, full of flavor and cooked to order. The Fish n Chips were cooked to perfection and we were both happy campers. Overall we are never disappointed by Steiner's. Every time we come I leave thinking, why don't we come here more often? If you're looking for an after work or weekend beer and pub style food, Steiner's is your place!
1	On a 5-star scale, i'll start them at 5, because the food we had was very good. We ordered from the happy hour menu, got hot wings, and some polish sausage sandwiches with cole slaw.  Both came with some yummy Brew City fries.  The wings were hot, crispy, and very very spicy.  The sausage was nothing special, but good.  The problem is, this "friendly locals pub" was less than friendly, to say the least.  Subtract 1st star, because...  the ditzy bartender told us it wasn't happy hour yet when i asked about specials (it was THREE MINUTES before happy hour). Subtract 2nd star because the ditzy bartender told us she had no clue what was on their happy hour menu that had conflicting specials..  We asked her about a local beer, what type it was, and she said "um, it's kind of like (shrug) beer."  Hello?  Anybody home?We continue to play video poker while waiting on Monday Night football to start.  Subtract 3rd star because we were ignored once our food was served. I found out later why.  OK, We are now down to two stars. It's hard to play seriously while we are eating so we didn't hit the poker that hard while eating. Of course, the people near us were doing the same thing, so didn't think THAT was a problem. UNTIL Ditz bartender goes off duty.  We finish food, and just before i start playing again, a new bartender shows up. He hands us our check and said he needed the machines. Really? We played, ate, drank, and are continuing to play. His answer? They needed our spot for their "regulars" to watch Monday night football. MNF is WHY we went there in the first place.   One more star gone.  And, it's not like they comped a drink either for playing.  We tend to go to "locals" pubs instead of places on the strip, and this is the first time we've EVER been treated poorly, and not been comped at least 1 drink for playing video poker.  There goes the last stars. Zero stars for them.  So, we moved to a table to finish my beer (no, he didn't even let us sit there till i finished it.) Apparently this is standard practice, 'cause i said something to another server, and they just said, "oh, ok". Now they are at -1 stars, and i can't rate them that low.  Sadly, Yelp forces me to give them at least 1 star.If you're a regular in LV, then i'm sure Steiners is OK -  good food, fair beer selection, reasonably priced.  But, just be aware that they do cater only to the Locals, and really don't care about visitors.
4	For what it is, Steiners is a great place for breakfast, lunch and dinner - oops, I forgot cocktails!  However, if you are a vegan, don't go here, unless onion rings fit the bill.We came in for breakfast and had a hearty egg, sausage, and hash browns, for a reasonable price.  The food was very good.The staff was quick, friendly and efficient.The surroundings are dark, but comfortable and clean.
4	It's a fun bar with great food and a good atmosphere.   Awesome TV's.  Great place for a pit stop or a party. :)
3	I'm not the hugest fan of food/gaming joints, but their breakfast is pretty good, especially if you're drunk/hung over..
2	Wow I walked into this place over the weekend not really knowing what to expect. I am so glad I walked in the place is great. The decorations are amazing you really feel like you are in a pub. They even have a table that has a tap so you can sit there and serve your own drinks its pretty neat if you have a crowd who loves beer. Their food was amazing I had a burger that was cooked perfectly and tasted so good! Their selection of beer was amazing they have everything you could imagine. The service was so great I tipped double what I normally would tip. They have a great happy hour Mon through Fri till 7pm 2 for 1 drinks. If you want to have a good time try Steiner s they are AWESOME!Update I have went back twice since this review and the food was not as good. So I will not be back again since I feel as though I would waste my money.
4	If this is a Nevada style pub, then I like Nevada's style!The inside looks like a "countrified", "western" place.  The food is what you would expect from a pub; tasty and hearty.  The prices are great.What sets this place apart is the EXCELLENT service.  Super friendly servers who make you feel welcome. An example, I was there with a buddy during happy hour having a few beers.  Without even being asked, our server brought us another round and let us know happy hour was ending.  She also said if we didn't want the drinks there would be no charge.Steiner's is a one great watering hole!
4	Stopped by this establishment to meet up with a buddy who just moved into town.  It was around 5:30, so I was able to catch the tail end of happy hour, and let me tell you what a happy hour it is.  Buy one get one beers, and cheap yet filling apps.  You can smoke in the bar, which is a plus, even though I just quit smoking.  There are video poker stations all along the bar, and a coin operated breathalizer by the crapper.  I WILL come back again!
4	I left satisfied and full. Me and girls came here in need of a serious savory fix, after a long day of decorating cupcakes.I ordered the beef dip and onion rings and it was yum. I'm a big fan of the onion rings here. The beef dip didn't have as much flavor as I had hoped, but the au jus more than made up for it. My friends were very happy with their meals as well. We didn't drink on this particular occasion, but after looking at their beer menu, they have good selection and I look forward to coming back and trying out some more of their food and drink options, especially the wings, soup and nachos... which looked great on other people's plates as I passed by on my way out.Overall, very happy with this place.
4	ordered the country fried steak with shredded hash browns and scrambled eggs. one of the best country fried steaks i've ever had. it was real goooood. the meat was so tender and the crust was real crispy.
3	Went here on Sunday afternoon, went here a couple times when i first moved to Vegas, but this was my first time back in years. I liked the place before and it still met my expectations. Atmosphere is laid back, seat yourself, dark pub. One thing I learned this time was they have no kids seats. And really no Kids menu. (though you can order them a grill cheese or quesadilla for $4.99) Losing some stars there. I had the Kobe Burger, which was delicious. Big, Juicy, with some Maui onion, aged cheddar and heirloom tomato. Though for $13.99 they could throw in some fries. My wife had a Reuben sandwich which she liked. Beer list is good, not great. I did have a Rouge hazelnut brown 22oz. for $5.75 off draft, so not bad there. All in all the food and atmosphere, meet expectations for a standard pub. Worth going to if that is what your looking for.
4	Great place to try many beers, love the food here too!
5	Best locals gaming bar in town. Go see Ronda on a fri or sat night after your bartending shift and you'll see why.
1	Do not go here to gamble! The bartender will not make a machine available for you. My wife and I waited as non-gaming customers loafed on the machines. We eventually left, guess the dont want the gaming revenue. It's hard to plead with a business to let you spend your money. I went to scooters on rainbow, better beer selection btw'
4	On Las Vegas Boulevard without being caught up in the chaos of the strip. My friends and I stopped by this bar to grab a drink and a quick bite before we headed to a movie at the South Point. Knowing that the casino would be packed, we came here.At first, I was  hesitant to come because my first experience was disappointing. This second time, it was better. We entered around 10pm and sat ourselves at one of the side booths. The wait staff were slow to acknowledge our presence, but after we made it clear we were there, they were more attentive. The menu is extensive and that can backfire. Like I said, my first experience had me never wanting to come back. I didn't care for their chili. I was impressed with the extensive salad choices. On Thursday, they have a  BBQ chicken served over cold soba noodles with tons of veggies tossed in. The marinade for the chicken remind me of the Chinese style BBQ except it was more salty than sweet. The half portion was 8.95 and was enough to tide me over. I was trying to be healthy, but could not help stealing my friends fries. They were thick cut and fried to a golden brown. Absolutely perfect.A bonus, they were playing so much 90's alternative. Nothing like some Smashing Pumpkins and Bush to remind me of my childhood.
4	I am writing this review mostly for the food.  I have been here for lunch 3 times now over the course of the past 2 months or so and the food has always been out of this world.  I had the Thursday special one week which was a noodle chinese chicken salad.  Flavors were spectacular. Talk about satisfying and I did not feel weighed down like something heavy would.  The other day I had the Trojan burger..... WOW.  Cooked perfectly and blew me away.  As far as pub food goes, this is the best I have had.  The service is always very attentive and the people are very friendly.  Definitley recommend.
5	This is our bar. We love it at Steiners. We walk in and they have our beers waiting for us. There's always good music (I'm a music whore--always aware of what's playing) and whenever we stop in we meet awesome people. Great Happy Hour between 4-7pm M-F. Buy one get one free and half off appetizers. Did I mention we love Steiners? The bartenders are friendly and awesome. The food is equally as good. I love their Chinese Chicken salad, their Tuna Sandwich as well as their Quesadilla. My boyfriend loves their Flamingo Sandwich. The lamb-chops are scrumptulescent and live up to their reputation (eat them-you'll love 'em!).I've seen some people complain on here about how you have to move from the bar if you aren't gambling. Come on, really? It's common sense that this is part of the bar's income. They're in business to make money--move your ass and try to get a free beer out of it. ;) Honestly? It doesn't happen that often.You'll have fun here, guaranteed. ;)
4	I really enjoy Steiner's, and I would say it is one of the better "local" bars to go to.  Food is reasonably priced and the drink specials are great.  They have a better than average beer selection, although a great deal of that is bottled.  There are a lot of televisions which is great if you are a sports fan.  As far as seating goes, they have two cool features:1 - There is a long table in the center of the room that probably seats 20.  They will take a reservation even for a Friday or Saturday night.  If you and a bunch of friends want to go out drinking and not have to worry about getting a table all together, this is definitely a good spot.2 - There is a large round table that has Guiness and (I believe) Bass on draft right at the table.  You pour for yourself and pay by the ounce.  Not a bad option!When you go, you will find that they have a happy hour from 3 - 7pm which includes reduced price appetizers and 2 for 1 drinks.  This, however, is somewhat misleading.  The appetizers are not in fact "half off" as some reviews have said, but instead are priced at $3, $5 or $7.  This is somewhat confusing because the menu does not actually list the price so you do have to ask.  Also, the happy hour on food ends at 6, while the happy hour on drinks goes until 7.  The other issue is that they can't seem to get their story straight on 2 for 1 beers.  Some of the servers/bartenders tell you that if you order them they both get delivered at the same time, others offer to bring you them one at a time.  Some of the servers/bartenders think its a great idea to split your 2 for 1 with a friend, allowing you cheaper prices and the opportunity to try a variety of beers, others frown on this an seem to insist that you only order for yourself.Once you get past the varied rules and learn the system its a pretty great place to be.
5	Love this place! Best bar food in town and extremely helpful staff. I work nearby and send my clients there frequently.  Best lamb chops I've ever had and the Kobe burger is to die for.  Great happy hour specials too!
2	This Is very much a "Dude" bar...that's why us girl's like coming here ;) you can find all kinds of guys here...guys who just got out of work, guys who come to watch the games...good times, friendly staff and strong drinks.
4	This is a solid pub.. Good food and lots of beer choices.. The food options are large.. lots and lots to choose from and lots of different burgers.. Overall.. I dig it!
5	best bartenders and bar food in the city... might as well be called cheers... only better
4	All purpose higher-end Vegas pub.  Been here a couple of times now. Both times the service has been good and the food notably good. I'm definitely a fan of the Kobe burger and of the Orleans chicken sandwich.  I need to remember that it's here more often when I'm passing through the neighborhood and in need of a drink and a burger.
4	I wouldn't say I'm a complete burger snob, but I AM particular when it comes to what I consider a solid burger. When I'm in Vegas, I hit up Steiner's for one of their Kobe (Not Bryant) Burgers...perfectly seasoned meat (cooked to a real medium rare if you want it!), deliciously soft sweet sourdough bun, crunchy dill pickle on the side, and a craft beer from their VERY extensive beer list have put Steiner's on my burger go-to list. Even better? Steiner's is open 24 hours a day with plenty of free parking.
3	Steiner's serves average pub food, but with a good selection of draft beers. The food alone would probably merit two stars, though a few dishes definitely are better.The best food I've eaten at Steiner's is their meat loaf, which most of the time is exceptional served with good mashed potatoes and gravy. The worst I've had at Steiner's are the "buffalo shrimp," which are little more than overcooked, battered medium-large shrimp. The shrimp I was served were so overcooked, they had coiled tightly like tiny springs. Of course that made them almost unfit to eat.Their chili is better than Winchell's or Village Pub, but the burgers at Steiner's are nowhere near as good as those at most Village locations, but slightly better than the ones at Winchell's.I like the atmosphere at Steiner's, plus the daily specials. And that meat loaf keeps me going back.
3	Friendly and comfortable with a decent enough beer selection, I just wish the food was better. Onion rings, chicken wings and French fries with a cold frosty tap brew makes this place worth coming back to in a pinch.
4	Pretty good deal during graveyard, you'll have to know about it because it's not printed on any menu's. It's 5 dollar wings and fries, or a 5 dollar hamburger with fries. Got the chicken wings.Even though they were mild, they had a nice kick to them. Not as crispy, or as big, as I like but they were pretty good. The fries were battered fries and they were pretty good as well.
4	So I still don't get this whole "Nevada style pub" crap and I've been here for over 8 years now, but if someone claims that one of said pubs has a great burger, I'm always up for the challenge. These pubs seem like every other generic, chain-looking venue that I've seen in every other state I've been to so I don't know what makes them "Nevada styled" but whatever. Anyway, today's pub in question is Steiner's, not really a spot that was on my radar for any reason until someone recently suggested it. And I must say, once again I was a bit surprised.As I said earlier, the interior is pretty typical for a 'pub'; dark wood floors, dark wood tables, and a ton of neon beer signs. But I don't think you're ever going to one of these places for the ambiance. The menu has pretty much anything you can think of in the genre of American comfort food, and their website actually claims it is 'sophisticated' at that. Click the link for the full menu rundown as it's too much to list here. Speaking just about burgers, they offer a few great sounding choices mostly named after casinos on the strip. They all sound pretty good, and I'll potentially be going back to try a couple others.This time around I decided to skip the casino themes and go with the Kobe burger: "beer fed, hand massaged and sake brushed beef served on a sweet sourdough bun with Maui onions and aged white cheddar cheese, heirloom tomato and leaf lettuce." What came out looked somewhat unassuming, but tasted fantastic. The Kobe had terrific flavor and was cooked perfectly. The orange-colored heirloom tomato was a great touch; I only wish it was a tiny bit bigger so it could stand out more. The cheese was melted, a bit too subtle but good. The Maui onions were sweet and great, but a bit too much for me so I pulled them out halfway through. The bun was super dense, soft and delicious. Almost like a Hawaiian sweet roll and a sourdough had a baby. Overall this was a fantastic burger, and a total surprise.The fries were good too. I didn't like the a-la-carte option or the $4.39 price tag, but you do get quite a lot for the price. Some slightly undercooked for my taste but good overall. What isn't good is that my burger, fries and drink came to $22.39 which is way too high for a single burger meal in a local's spot, even if it is a great burger. With a price point like that it's still tough to fight with the price of something like the Dispensary Lounge even if it is a damn good burger.
4	Good Happy Hour. Nice breakfasts. Very good beer selection ( draft & bottle.) I hold on to one star only because I don't agree with tying up 5 beer taps with American pilsners. On second thought its 6 including a Canadian beer. Two taps for that style is sufficient.  Not trying to sound like anti mass-market beer snob. I just like variety.
4	Santa Fe chicken sandwich........get it. The food is always on point. Great beer selection and atmosphere.
5	This place has consistently good food, good service, and good value.We pass up many chain restaurants to come to our local gem (all 3 locations).Their buffalo wings are better than places with wings in their names. And their burgers are better and less expensive than many "uber gourmet" burger places.They are 5 minutes from Town Square ("code" for restaurants that are mediocre) and better than most places there too.
4	I wanted a change of venue from Yardhouse for Happy Hour, and Steiner's did not disappoint. They have a great selection of food and booze at extremely reasonable prices. I had their Cuban sandwich which was delicious and several potent drinks. When the bill came I was shocked how much less it was than at Yardhouse. The bartender was friendly and attentive without being awkward and annoying. I would recommend this joint for happy hour.The crowd is generally old and although it wasn't smoky that day, smoking is allowed. So beware if you are sensitive.
4	By far, my favorite Steiners in Las Vegas. I used to live at the high rise across the street so I was here a lot. Now that I moved a bit north, I'm only here about once every two months. Can get very busy after 5pm so I choose to come here during lunch. Regardless of who the staff is, they always manage to make you feel like you're home. Tried almost everything on the menu with no complaints. I recommend this Steiners. Been to 2 others and there's no comparison.
4	Love this place. Mandatory stop when I go to Vegas. Never had a bad experience until tonight. Was seated at a table for 15 minutes waiting for the waitress to bring back our drinks. She walked by our table with no eye contact or any acknowledgement of us. Finally the bartender came over and talked to us. He said she only told him about one drink we ordered ( we ordered two drinks ) and that they were in the middle of a shift change. I said I understand that but it would have been nice to know that instead of being ignored. He apologized but it still took another 10 minutes to get our drinks. No shift change actually happened either. The same employees were still walking around. By the time we got our food, we were about to get up and walk out. I asked to speak to the manager who made everything right. He comped our whole meal, apologized and said he would be speaking to the employees. Other then this one isolated incident, I have never had an issue. I would still highly recommend this place. 24 beers on tap, decent prices, and great food. Hopefully the issues with the employees we encountered are fixed next time we visit.
4	What a wonderful dinner!  My wife and I arrived in Las Vegas at our condo late afternoon and decided to go somewhere close...Steiners was close.  I explained my dietary restrictions to our waiter and came up with an idea not on the menu: a chicken dinner plate.  Chicken breast was wonderful; moist, seasoned just right, steamed veggies and plain mashed potatoes.  Everything was delicious.We arrived at Happy Hour and got 2 beers for the price of 1; you've got to love Foster's on tap!My wife ordered their version of a French Dip sandwich.  She said it was a bit dry, but ordered it with the onion rings (for an additional charge).    Yummy rings.Wait staff was wonderful.  At least 4 different servers were at our table at one time or the other making sure everything was good and bringing what we needed.  Merited a 20% tip on my "very good service" meter.We will be back before the vacation is over.
4	Decent locals sportsbar with a good bar menu and choice of beer, the food didn't disappoint and the prices were really surprisingly great.  They have daily specials, and I ate here on my way back to LA.  I took advantage of their burger special, which was $10 for a US Kobe burger (from Montana, at least they're honest).  Other burgers were all $7 which was half price, I think it was a happy hour special.  I also ordered their tortilla soup which as decent.  The burger was ok.  I ordered it Medium, but it seemed a little dry an certainly no different than non-"Kobe burgers" in texture or taste.  The one thing that did stick out though was that it was served on Hawaiian King buns, which gave it a little sweetness and I really liked.  Service was very friendly, my waiter came and checked on me every 15 min or so and he seemed like he was really eager for me to enjoy the food.  If I lived closer, I'd probably be a regular.
4	I love this sports bar! Seems like every time I come to Vegas I make my way here. I love the brews they have on tap as well as the bottle selection. I have never had bad service and the people are always nice. I think I have tried most of the things on the menu. And can't say I have had anything bad. They have great daily specials and drink specials. I will be back for sure.
3	Again menu is huge!  And the food is pretty good for bar food. Burgers, Sandwiches, Salads, priced  around $10.They have TV's if you want to watch sports but I don't believe they will play the sound associated with the game, which drives me bonkers.Their beer list is almost as big as their menu!  They got it all.
4	good bar, friendly bartenders and food is much better than your average bar food!!!
5	Great food, great service, great prices! What more can you ask for? Love this place!
4	Food has alway been good and servers are very good.  Had soup and it was cold to warm, had to send back, however the food was good.  We will come back.
3	I am a fan of steiners, I go to the one up on buffalo regularly.  This one , which is closer to me then any of the others seems to have servers that are not quite on the ball.  Usually when we sit down in the dining area it takes a while before we are even acknowledged us whether slow or busy (this past summer I even walked out after waiting ~15 minutes).  Once they start helping us they are very freindly and pretty good but getting to that point is always a relatively long wait.  I we sit at the bar service I totally on the ball.Now steiners has a GREAT beer selection and very good bar food.  So, basically the only reason I gave them 3 star is the long wait I always seem to have when I first come in here.
5	I love this bar! 2 for 1 happy hour specials. Good beer selection including Belgian beers. Good service. The food is really good for bar food. I usually get their seasoned fries with ranch, Caesar salad, clam chowder (Fridays), and Reuben sandwich. All kinds of sports playing on the TVs. If they had a pool table, it would be awesome. :P
4	I love Steiner's!!! I ALWAYS make it a point to eat here at least once everytime I am in the area. Drink specials are good, food is good, decor is fun, what's not to love???
4	If you come here to watch sports, you are bound to find a tv pointing at you from any angle.  There are TV's placed nearly every empty space of wall large enough to hold one.  Of course the yankee redsox game was blacked out but you can't blame that on the bar right?  With decent price game specials, breakfast served till noon, and well cooked hash browns, how can you go wrong.    Best thing is, they manage to avoid the smokey scent most of the other bar/video poker/sports places seem to have.  The breakfast sandwich was really good and the avocado surprisingly fresh.  Service was mixed as we had 3 people asking us where we wanted to sit and which menu we wanted and then waited a good 15 minutes before anyone came to take our order and the place was mostly empty.  But once we ordered the food came out quickly and was well prepared.
3	From the outside, it doesn't look like much, and based on that, I haven't been able to drag my husband in there ever.  Finally, after driving all day from Utah, I succeeded!  He was just too tired to drive any further, and this place is about 1 block from the RV resort.  Looks can be deceiving !  Although it was very dark inside, like so many other LV bars, it was surprisingly clean, cool, and most important, well ventilated.  Plenty of people were smoking in there, and at first I was put off by that, but after a few moments I noticed the lack of smoke. Bonus!  The food was A-OK!  I had the fish and chips, and they were just fine.  Not greasy, decent coleslaw, and crisp fries.  There is a lack of breakfast restaurants in this area, and since Steiners is a 24 hour joint, I will stop by for breakfast next time I'm in town.
5	Their Kobe burger is so flavorful  and moist and was cooked perfectly. The service was perfect. I like the decor really nice for a bar over all I had a great experience here
3	Came in on a Monday forgetting about Monday night football. They apparently run specials on Miller products which qualify patrons w/ tickets for a drawing of random sporting items. It is quite loud during that time if you're sitting at the bar. The bartenders are very mindful of their usuals & even the newbies when someone needs a drink or a refill. We ended up moving from the bar to a booth due to it being too loud. We ordered an nachos as an app. When asked how big the nachos were, the server replied w/ 12 nachos. We both repeated back, '12 nachos?!?', 'yes 12 nachos'. Sure enough when they arrived there were 12 nachos each w/ all the toppings on them, sauces of sour cream, guc, & salsa in ramikans in the center. Def not worth the price for just 12 nachos, plus it took the fun out of eating them since we couldnt pick or pull chips apart. The server was very tentative to our requests & needs. Drinks were right on par. Naturally due to the game it was packed. The only other bummer is that they do not have a patio as it sits in a strip mall parking lot. We ended up coming back here 2 nights later & it was like night & day from the last time we were there. Less people were in the bar, but same amount of staff, yet it took longer to get a drink at the bar than 2 nights prior & it was busier. We ended up moving back to the same booth we were at 2 nights prior & no one came to tend to us until about 30 minutes of us sitting down. Guess you have to sit at the bar to get the proper attention.
5	Best 8am people watching! Get the breakfast tacos & see every local partygoer make a complete ass of themeselves.  Really makes you appreciate life.... Sorta like watching the springer show ! Love steiners!
2	The good the bad the worse..........the good.... While staying in the area, we were looking for a good place for a quick bite & dropped into Steiners, nice place, great video screens, plenty of games playing. Lovely waitress, fast service, yummy chicken fingers & good meaty chilli, great selection of beers. I'd normally say 4 stars.....   but wait......  Later that day our group of 8 wanted to go out & do some 'partying' at dinner & dropped in just before 10pm.  When it took a while to get seated, we poked around because the guys were busy playing video games, we seated ourselves.  After sitting around 10 minutes we got our orders placed & waited & waited and finally ate 45 minutes later.  We were 'this close' to walking out, but we stuck it out.  The food was average, some cold, some ok, but very average. One of our meals didn't show up, I got up & went back to the kitchen to see what was up & they were just finishing it up.  Pretty pathetic for what is supposed to be a 24hr place.  Other members of our party would think I'm being very gracious & be much more critical than I.  We had the feeling this was a late night staff that didn't care about what has happening there. From this experience I can't imaging our coming back.  After the horribly slow service, they put an automatic 18% tip on....  ah ha.... that works two ways...NO INCENTIVE to provide decent service.   Very disappointing. Hopefully they will improve.
2	I'm a big fan of the food and menu offerings, however w/o service... what is the point?We go to this Steiner's about 2-3 times a month and for the first time walked out after being neglected for 15 minutes.Not everyone is guilty... the spiky-haired guys is a great server.  The rest of the bunch needs a review course in customer service.
1	Tried to go for lunch. Was told they don't allow children. Sure it's good if you have an all adult party.
4	I love bars close to home, easier walking distance of course, and this bar is up there on the list of favorites. Their menu has a lot of variety and during happy hour the prices for apps are good. Those I think they need to make their nachos bigger in some way. There is literally like 12 nachos. They are delicious though no doubt. Beer selection is also fabulously wide. They had Kronenbourg 1664, which is my favorite when I am not going cheap beer like ultra and bud light. I love when places carry this because it makes me happy to see it. The service is also one of the best. Jessica is on top of things as a bartender and so is...I want to say Shana but the cute blonde with glasses is the best description I have. She is fun to talk to and is also on top of it. One thing I do not like, is the fact that 25cent gambling is actually 50cents, but one day when I win there it will pay out more. I just like taking my time with keno, making my 20bucks last. :) Overall, this place is awesome. I love their menu names for things and their many neon signs.
3	Great happy hour specials. Your average bar food. Service is on point.  Nothing really stands out.  Food options are all pretty much greasy.
5	Always a great place to get late night breakfast or jus a night cap after a long day. Henning and Rhonda are amazing bartenders. Definitely a must stop by kinda place
4	Happy hour is 2 for the price of one. Service is immediate. Food is pretty awesome. I ordered the Cuban
5	5 stars - for the bar3.5 stars - for the food3.5 stars - for the service5 stars - for any alcohol, but especially since they have taps in the middle of the tableIf I could own a bar this would be it.  TVs everywhere, taps in the tables, video poker, breathalyzer outside of the restrooms, good selection of beer and booze, and decent happy hour specials (at least at 3am).More of a locals bar since tourists would rather enjoy some nice bar on the strip that charges a bucket load of a watered down mixed drink.
3	If I could vote 3.5 stars I would. The food was tasty and there are screens all over the place and each had something different (mostly sports) on which was good for a Saturday night. (1/25/14)  But...The negatives- Not once did our server ask us if things were ok. She was not very attentive to us at all and we could rarely even see her when we needed her.  I can understand if someone has a rough day once in a while so maybe I can excuse that. She seemed disappointed each time she tried to up-sell us and we said no. Hmmm... Lower bill total = lower tip perhaps? I wish I would have caught her name so as to be helpful.For some reason there was a gal named Meghan (sorry if I am spelling that wrong) who seemed to be picking up our server's slack.Finally, there was a group of folks who where playing a video game who were very loud and we could hear them half way across the restaurant. Ok, fine. Yet the vulgarities coming from their mouths! Oh my! Someone needed to shut that down. Or maybe they were playing a "Who Can Yell "Mother Effer" the Loudest" game? Either way, not cool.
4	This place is a great local spot to go to 24 hrs a day, 7 days a week. Great bar food and a fun little gaming bar with good payouts. You will see all of your local friends in the nightlife industry stopping in after work late night to have a good time.
4	My hubby & I like to check out local restaurants rather than chain restaurants when we're out of town. This place was fantastic. Nice decor/ambiance. Dark woods, granite. Tv's all over so you can always see the game. Service was prompt, helpful and welcoming. And the food was absolutely out of this world. We got potato skins as an appetizer. Perfectly crisped edges, but with perfectly cooked baked potato textured middle, topped with freshly cooked chopped bacon, cheese and chives. We got a cup of the chili, which was as amazing on its own as it was added to the skins. Black beans & a healthy amount of bite size chopped steak in a smoky tomato base that most definitely has notes of BBQ sauce.  Good, crisp & chilled house salad with what tasted like a homemade blue cheese dressing. Finished with the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, with a requested side of au jus. Ample portion of perfectly tender meat. Don't be fooled by the strip mall exterior. Good food is to be had here!
4	It is not often anyone finds me in a bar, pub or tavern, but I must say this is one that I would drop in again in the future.So we had a going away dinner for a friend that was leaving Las Vegas, obviously, at another joint that served gourmet burgers.  Afterwards, the many party animals I was with wanted to turned the casual dinner into a more complete entertainment evening, and the bar that with just across the street turned out to be as fun as hanging out at a funeral with the other 2 people that showed up.  So after a quick search on the Yelp app, we all converged on Steiner's A Nevada Style Pub.When I walked in the place looked pretty dead.  Luckily that was just the section of the establishment that was shutdown at that time of the night, which they offered to open up if we wanted to sit there.  Very accommodating.  Bonus points noted.  The section at the bar was lively with a good mix of people just hanging out and having what looks to be a rather fabulous good time.  Good sign.After a quick looksee, we decided to sit at what looks like two long bar counter seating areas that were built right next to each other, complete with this railing this splitting the table into two halves.  Since we all knew each other, we avoided any potential awkward moments when two dudes accidentally made eye contacts with the fella across the table.  But the construction of this social table elevated the challenge difficulty of sharing plates of appetizers, which is probably what the bartenders are looking for when gauging which drunken patrons to cut off for the night. While most others opted for beers, whiskeys, and other adult libations, I studied their food menu under their burgers section, but made a last minute play change at the time of ordering to their Burger of the Month (I am a total sucker for these specials).  The burger was prepared a nice medium rare as requested, the toppings all came together nicely, and I was very satisfied with my ordering decision.  The nachos somebody order was good too.Would I come back?  If you read what I wrote in the beginning, you already know the answer (otherwise, scroll back up buddy!)  Why?  Service was good, our waiter checked up on us regularly, even the cook from the kitchen came out to check if I liked the burger (nice!).  Food was good. The place was fun and not that far from where I work.  Plenty of TVs to watch whatever games or the Sochi Olympics while you have the option to chill the hell out.  Almost a no brainer.Review #9 of 2014
4	Stopped for a nightcap after din at town square with wifey... Shayna was awesome with her excellent service... Grave bartender stood around with his dick in his hand.. food is always good but go & c shayna.... The best!!! Swing not grave tho ...
5	Visited Steiner's yesterday with my better half for a late lunch.  Roger was there working hard as usual, greeting customers and supporting his staff.  We has Caesar salads and a side of garlic bread.  It has been awhile since we visited there, so I had forgotten about the totally decadent slab of Parmesan cheese which is served.  The waiter was attentive.  As usual, there were plenty of TV's showing different sports events.  Even though smoking is allowed at the bar, we did not notice any smoke at our table which shows the focus of detail there.  That focus of detail is reflected in the food, bar, ambiance, service, and gaming.  Kudos to the Steiner's staff!
3	Really good happy hour deals here with food specials ending at 6pm and 2-4-1 drinks till 7pmThree of us had a total of 6 beers, lamb chops, buffalo chicken strips, and buffalo wings all for under 40 bucks!  The lamb chops comes with 4 pieces for 9 bucks - not cooked perfectly but def not overdone so def good for the value. This place was packed on a Thu night but don't think it's an ideal spot to watch games- tvs were small and we came to watch an Okc/Mia game about as premier matchup as you can get and it was only on maybe 1/4 of the tvs with no volume.  Most tables I observed were talking, eating, drinking.Overall the food and drink specials were good coupled with the alcohol breath test machine by the bathroom!But I'd still probably head towards town square to hit up yard house or other places for beer and food.  It's a decent spot to check out.
4	Love the food, service is always not so great but the food is so good its ok! I actually want to give it a 5 star cuz the food alone but they made it so no kids are allowed anymore so that sucks!!
5	Lunch on St Paddies day. Jennifer, our waitress was incredibly efficient. Bartender took special requests with a smile.  We had the corned beef and cabbage and the Kobe beef burger. Excellent food!
4	Cool pub/bar that's a bit off the strip. Not sure if tourists are aware of this place but it's a great place for locals to hang out with friends, chill, talk, drink, plus they got some really good food!!!!I heard the breakfast items are a must try.....but my ass cannot wake up early enough for breakfast hours!!!!Last time I was here, my friend and I shared a basket of fries and chicken nachos!!!! OMGOODNESS. Those chicken nachos aren't your normal chips with the whole fixins' slathered on in a goopy, messy, fatty way. These chicken nachos come with like 8-10 pretty large-sized chips and EACH CHIP had their own chicken, beans, cheese, jalapenos on it. No more picking up a chip and it turns out that chip got skimmed out on the fixins'. Wish I took a picture of it. I was too excited to dig in to those nachos taking pictures of anything was the last thing on my mind!
4	Above average bar thanks to some pretty good bar food and excellent specials. I decided to check out Steiner's as I had heard some good things and thankfully I was not disappointed. They have a few locations in town and this one sits a few miles south of the strip on LV Boulevard. They definitely went for mining/ore cart theme as a throwback to Nevada's history. Pictures of gold panhandlers, picks and axes adorn the walls. The menu was pretty standard bar fare: cold and hot sandwiches, burgers, salads, and a few specialties. My club sandwich was great, perfect amounts of meat and bread and they subbed out the ham for extra turkey. I love the fact that Steiner's serves up beer battered fries instead of the soggy/salty spuds you get at other places. They had a nice twist on the nachos as well:  about a dozen large tortilla chips each individually built, topped with beans, cheese, and all the other fixings you could want.Service was pretty standard, our server came by regularly with refills and condiments, no chit chat, straight to the point. The bar gets big props for having a large craft beer selection. The beer menu is extensive, with many small and local microbreweries featured alongside with the standard domestics. Prices were reasonable, and happy hour means you can knock off a buck or two depending on what you get.
4	I love this spot. It a must whenever I'm in town. The Kobe burger is a fantastic! 24 beers on tap and daily specials. If you've never been then you must try it.
4	Awesome bar in it's own building in a strip mall. Lot's of good draft beer and large menu of standard but spiced up bar items (burgers, sandwiches and such). I think I have been 5 times over the last few years and everything my group ordered was really good, and we probably have gone through half the menu. Service is great to ok, prices are low, around 20$ a person for food and a couple drinks. Highly recommended if you want to get away from getting gouged on the strip.
4	This bar never disappoints! Very close from home, we tried this bar a few times, and we keep going back!I especially love their nachos! Yumm! The chicken wings are awesome too! This is more a local kind of place. We really like that about it. The bar tenders and waiters are always very friendly and helpful. A nice bar to hang out, get to know people, meet a neighbor etc. enjoy happy hour, a few beers, and some delicious food!
4	Best Fish and Chips in town, This is our local spot with great beers on tap.
4	Came here 2 nights in a row while vacating at the Cancun across the street.  1st night I really only needs quarters for laundry but managed to sneak in a beer and a shot.   The bartender was very nice and helpfully.  So much so that I came back with my Wife the next night.   Again two very nice lady bartenders.  We did our part for the Vegas economy.  Dropped a couple hundred in the video poker and had a few beers.   My only issue was the "Special Guinness Cheese sauce " that goes with the Giant Soft Pretzel.    Not sure if it had gone bad or what but I literally spit my food into a napkin.  We will come back next time we are in town but I am a little scared about the food.
5	Love this place, open 24 hours with video poker and awesome food with very generous portions. Great laid back crowd. Perfect place to stop on your way home from work at any hour of the day. Calamari is top notch and the staff is very inviting. Highly recommended and my go to watering hole.
4	Nothing bad to say about this 24 hour spot! Steiners is my go too late night and even some afternoons. Place in order to go and it will be ready with in 20 minutes, food is good quality and reasonably priced. Can't go wrong with a side of fries with any meal!
5	This Steiners has a great staff and food is awesome. The patrons are friendly and the bar always has regulars drinking and gambling. During ball games, all the TV's are on the games and the place is rocking! The only thing I don't like is the loud gaming TV at the end of the bar, during uncrowded times it kills conversation.
4	Ok simple menu clean not so busy nice sports bar feeling and steak and eggs and coffee hit the spot!!!!
4	This is the second time my wife and I have eaten at this restaurant.  If you want real unpretentious grub, this is the place for you.  It's about 3 miles from the strip, and easy to get to.  My wife had the fried chicken, which was flavorful and moist.  I had the fish and chips, minus the French fries. Instead, I had the mashed potatoes, which was not the usual reconstituted dried potatoe flakes.  To top it off, I ordered a beer.  The server brought me two for the price of one.  Happy hour!  Service was also great!
5	This place is great.  Lots of things on tap - every sandwich they make is amazing.  Shelagh and Jeanette are awesome and have always been very nice. $5 grilled cheese, anytime, any bread, any cheese. Need I say more?
4	Solid place to hang ouct and have a drink and some grub.Was here a couple weeks ago on a fast trip through Las Vegas.   We showed up around 9 on a Wednesday night and the place wasn't very packed.   We grabbed a high top table by the bar area.   We reviewed the beer list which was pretty good.   Unfortunately, they were out of my first choice, but they had several others that were fine.   My buddy and I ordered some dinner.   I had a chicken sandwich (cajun style, can't recall the name) and my buddy had a chicken salad.   Mine was good and my buddy finished his salad, so it had to have been good.   The staff there was pretty good and we never had empty glasses.  Overall, it was a really good place and we had a great time.   Next time we are in that part of town, we just might stop by.   Good job folks.
4	Best happy hour in Vegas! All draft beers (including craft beer) and well drinks 2 for 1. Food is very good. Service is fantastic. Best local bar in Vegas. Join the free club and earn points for vouchers for food and drinks. It doesn't get any better than this in Vegas.
4	Been going here for some time...always see people I know...but I go for the wings and Ruben. Both excellent choices for fat day food. I get the Ruben with no 1000island but extra kraut and a sunny side up egg inside. Their fries are also awesome and the Ranch dressing I crave! Great 24 hour spot close to strip.
4	Rustic casual pub style. Happy hour for apps goes until 6 pm, drinks until 7 pm. Small variety of apps on happy hour. Nothing remotely healthy. Decently strong drinks and they kept them coming. I opted for the fish n' chips (that I had been craving) and our very eccentric waiter confirmed they were a great choice. Honestly, as surprised I am to type this, definitely the best fish n' chips I've had in Las Vegas! Even though they weren't on happy hour, they were worth every penny. If you decide to check this place out, give them a whirl.
1	O Steiner's...we seriously have problems. Every time my order is wrong. I order chili piping hot..i get it cold...i order a salad no dressing...i get it with dressing...i order a caesar....I get a regular mixed salad that is OLD LETTUCE. $20 for a side salad and chili combo and side of fingers and all i asked if for is no dressing and just romaine lettuce...i get some old mixed that is starting to turn brown and wilted. We're breaking up. This is the fourth time in a row the food was horrible. I won't even eat in there anymore because the waiters are horrible. The only good employee there is your busser, he is diligent and hard working.
4	Great food, great staff and hands down the most comfortable bar stools in Las Vegas!We're not too sure what a Nevada Style Pub is, but we like it. Picture a Victorian/old West saloon mixed with TV's "Cheers." The well drinks are cheap, and so are the brewskies.The food is a little pricey but DAMN it be some good grub! Better than most of the gourmet burger joints in town and for ten bucks it's half the price. Happy hour is where this place shines. Their happy hour menu is a little hard to figure out, but there are some good deals in there. The clientele seemed friendly enough. No outta control drunks, zero ghetto and/or ICP factor. You probably can't get you butt kicked in here.
5	We popped in quite by accident for breakfast. We were seated immediately, the service was prompt, friendly and attentive. Our food arrived hot and tasty! I had perfectly prepared migas, and my husband had the chicken fried steak and eggs. He's not really a gravy fan, so it must have been really good because he ordered extra gravy on the side!Highly recommend this little gem.
3	We came here for lunch. From the outside it looks like nothing and we almost didn't walk in. The inside was a lot larger than it appeared. I liked the styling and decor of the bar.  Most of us got sandwiches and one got chicken tenders. The food was just average. Nothing to write home about. The service was good, we didn't have any problems. Everything was just ok so I would probably only come back if I was in the area.
5	In a sea of sports bars and restaurants in Vegas its easy to misss this gem. Located on the south end of the famous Las Vegas Strip sits Steiner's a wondeful pub / restaurant. The interior is lively and fun with nein bear signs and brick decor, a nice variety of seating including booths high-top tables, regular tables and of course the bar with bartop gaming the entire length.   I just finished the breaded chicken fingers with their signature Nevada chips and a few Angery Orchard ciders. What a fantastic lunch! Service was fast and accurate without all the oh-so-common cliche "hi my name is so and so, ill be taking care of you today can I get some appatizers started for you" blah blah balh.. youve all hear this speal.   My waiter was Mario and he was great! He made some great suggestions when I mentioned I wasnt familiar with the menu. He was great to talk to and made it a personal experience. Frank came by several times as well and made sure I didn't wait for anything,  my glass was never empty!   This price was right and ill definitely be back, thanks guys!Brad ApelgrenLas Vegas
4	My favorite Hot Wings in town. Love the Strongbow Cider and huge beer selection. Nice, casual place to hang out or watch a game. Super wait staff. Like dessert? Try the Chocolate Stout cake. Yummy!
5	Only been here once to treat a local to lunch. Really impressed with the service and one of the best hamburgers I've ever had. Next time I'm in Sin City I'm coming back for sure. Great place to eat.
4	Good sports bar.  Plenty of tv's.  Great great food prices. $1 breakfast tacos.  They don't skimp on the eggs or food.  Lotta bang for your buck.  Give it a shot.   It's worth it.
5	"Where everybody knows your name"Loooove this place. As a local CA transplant, it was refreshing to find our new local hangout, where the staff is personable and attentive. The food is amazing, and the beer list spectacular. Every time we've been since moving to town, all the fab bartenders were sure to get our names, and greet us every time. Hubby loves the Kobe burger. I love the wings and fries! Haven't had a bad meal here, yet! And their machines are great! Definitely worth visiting! We are on our way in a few ;)
5	The food is always on point. Sometimes the service is understandably overwhelmed because they are understaffed on the grave shift . You just need to be patience...
4	Good food for late night I love dinning here after work. The servers are super nice but the food always taken awhile to arrive hence the 4 stars. Overall it's a nice locals spot for a beer and some fun
3	If you're a sports fan this is the place for you. Friendly staff and the foods good with a great menu. It's a bit loud so if your not into the game on and wanted too just relax and chat it's not the place to eat. Otherwise, it's game on!
5	I love steiners.. It's the perfect local spot at any hour, although my favorite is late night, after going out or for a midnight snack and drink. The bartenders are top notch (henning, Ronda and Valerie are my favs).. They are always in a great mood and are very generous with drinks. Food is great, ambiance is fun (besides the occasional dowdy music lol).. Overall I have to say, I can't stay away from steiners. It's the go to local bar for a good time.
4	My boyfriend & I have been in Vegas for 4 days so far & have eaten at Steiner's two times. Once for lunch & once for breakfast. We came for lunch after our flight from NJ. The food was great- burgers, onion rings & buffalo chicken fingers all highly recommended. Breakfast was just what we were looking for-- a diner style menu with a twist. And mimosas heavy on the champagne for a cheap $5 each. Service could be slow and hard to come by a server but it's worth having patience. We'll probably be back again by weeks end!
5	Just had breakfast at this great pub! The Californian omelet! It was amazing! Fresh ingredients, hot food, fast service! The waitress was so nice!!! From the outside you would not think breakfast but don't pass this place up!
4	First time here, first time making it off the strip during a Vegas vacation! I came here because I wanted a local bar to try some local brews and watch the Royals compete in the World Series. I gave the buffalo shrimp a shot and really enjoyed it! Glad I didn't order anything else because that appetizer served as an entree for me! It was complete with fries and celery. Very tasty! Now I'll have to find a place in Kansas that serves some of that buffalo shrimp because I'm already craving it!
5	Great wings and best place to watch football ! Clean . Nice staff, great giveaways! If you don't like a loud sports bar scene this place is not for you!
5	Great bar!! Always a blast when I go. Only complaint...lost the "Autumn" bartender. Yeah, no good.
3	So to preface this, we went on a football night. It was loud, but that is to be expected. The service was average. Our waitress only came by a few times. She was nice and helped us (though we had to ask for something three times). We even had an alcoholic drink, but was not given any better service. She was busy, but she attended the bar more than her tables. I don't blame her, but it was frustrating as a table customer. The food was good. The burger was amazing! The daiquiri was good and the Dr. Pepper was good. It was too expensive though. $60 for two burgers, one thing of fries (burger alone was $20) one daiquiri and and one coke. The food was good, but not that good. Between the service and the price, we will not be back. The food was the only thing that saved it. Maybe going on a non-game night would be better if you want to try it. Just be prepared for a little extra price.
4	The food is EXCEPTIONAL!  My family, co workers, and I love this place.  Typically, service is great.  I did go here though the other night and had really disappointing service, hence the 4 stars rather than 5.  We had to find our own waiter, wait for quite awhile and finally were served on and off by two people.  The male was very obviously under the influence of something, he was totally unprofessional, spacey, and nervous.  He even broke a plate by accident.  It was a very uncomfortable experience and I am surprised he is even still employed there.  Our server was nice enough, but seemed careless and rushed.  We came just for dinner late, maybe midnight, otherwise my visits have been during the day and the restaurant/bar is always a pleasure and somewhere I would visit again.
5	This is our favorite local hangout. The secret is to sit at the bar and socialize. Great people, great staff, great food, great times-guaranteed!
4	This is one of the best local bars in Las Vegas for sure. Not the best looking on the inside that is why it is a 4 star not a 5 star but the service, food and experience are always 5 stars. I have had most of the menu and I wouldn't say there is anything bad. The chili is very good but you only need to order a cup. The bar has TVs at every angle so you do not miss any sporting events. It is never too busy so I am always able to find a seat. It is an older bar but does not smell like it on the inside.
4	Kobe Burger is a must, great selection of beers, the game is on everywhere, warm atmosphere. Friendly staff and service
5	Four friends and I ate there and we all had lamb chops. Tender, juicy and cooked perfectly. Friendly and quick service as well.
5	My first time today came for the Kobe Beef Burger and to watch football. Nicole the bartender was so friendly and welcoming and the service was great! Kobe Beef Burger also very delicious... thick juicy and meaty just how I like it! I will be back! :)
