3	The Scottsdale location is one of the better Red Lobster's out there...Had dinner here last night. Ordered a platter with three different kinds of shrimp, and all of them were good - but nothing to get overly excited about. A solid meal with good service for $25.No waiting either, the place was slow at dinner time.
4	I know, I know. It's Red Lobster. It's been at least 10 years since I set foot in one. But Hubby and I watch the Food Network, and on Sunday we saw Kelsey win the Fresh Fish Challenge on the Next Food Network Star. It was an odd sounding dish- Macadamia Tilapia with White Chocolate Beurre Blanc- and Hubby decided he had to try it. So I got a couple of gift cards using my AmEx points (so if it was awful, at least we weren't paying for it).Hubby's Advice to Yelpers: "Get over your disdain for chains and do not miss this dish. Kelsey is some kind of bizarre genius." And I have to agree. I never would have thought this would be good, but it totally works. The tilapia was perfectly cooked, crusted with a generous amount of toasted macadamia nuts, and sitting in a pool of beurre blanc with a light taste of white chocolate. For Top Chef fans, this was NOT anything like Dale's butterscotch scallops. It was subtle and unexpectedly amazing.My dinner was fine. I had the honey and citrus glazed grilled skewers of shrimp and scallops. The scallops were overdone, but the shrimp were cooked well and the glaze was a really nice complement to them. Conclusion: Go for the Kelsey special. It's the real deal.
4	Same-O, Same-O but fresh, hot and healthy.  Caesar salad with crisp romaine minus croutons, grilled half salmon and steamed broccoli.  Not so sure health wise on the hot out of the oven rolls where I had to have an extra one and less so for the frozen classic margarita. Service was fast and efficient even entertaining while Tyler spun the serving platter like a pizza waiting for more customers.
3	I wouldn't eat here if you paid me to. However, a few of my friends (*cough *cough Mark J) put on their top hats, tuxes and tails to endure the faux fanciness that is Le Red Lobster. I came along strictly to document the experience. I must confess that as a child my parents dragged me to Le Lobster Rouge all the time, even though the food gave me VIOLENT EXPLOSIVE DIARRHEA every time. I still shudder at the thought of eating anything from here and refused to eat. So I ordered a diet coke and a plate of maraschino cherries...because I'm a classy lady after all. Speaking of class, Red Lobster is one of those places trashy people go because they think eating shrimp makes you classy. Apparently eating endless shrimp makes you infinitely classy - because there were some real winners dining here tonight. But I'm not here to help the patrons, just the restaurant, so I digress.The service was odd. The waitress was friendly enough and she seriously brought me a plate of cherries - for realz!. That made me love her endlessly, like shrimp. I also loved the speedy refills and the pleasant way she reacted to a hateful Lobster cynic maniac who only orders a plate of garnish from the bar. So waitress = awesome.Other than that, Red Lobster is pretty much the nastiest place on earth. It wasn't particularly dirty or gross or anything. It just wreaks of nast.  Like even the cleanest and friendliest strip club is still just a dirty little shack filled with glitter, STD's, bad boob jobs, boners. A layer of filth. Just filled with nast.So my friend's food came and it looked edible, but not good. They ate it, but I'm not sure they liked it. So I guess we were on the same page.Then the kid next to us started bopping around like a lollipop kid and the lady in the huge purple muu muu ate her 5th cheese biscuit  and I drank my 5th diet coke and shit got weird after that.When we got the bill I felt a little like I ate acid, but came back down to earth when I realized the dope ass waitress didn't charge me for my diet coke. Or the cherries. Score!So my experience at Red Lobster was good. I just couldn't eat the food. Oh... when I got home and peered in my purse I found someone stuffed it with like 50 packets of Splenda and the crab cracking tool thing. Thanks a**holes. Nice joke.Classy evening all around.
4	Not enough to raise a star but the "new" wood grilled Atlantic Salmon is a big improvement over past gas grilling.One way to get a better overall experience plus hotter rolls, salmon and steamed broccoli is to arrive just before 11 AM and be the first to be seated next to a window. Octoberfest also works for me.For overall value in these "uncertain" times the fresh fish lunches are  good deals.  The waiter showed me a list of "new" fish for the future that I may try...
4	Last time I remember going to red lobster.. humm actually I don't remember the last time I ate at red lobster.  Wait I do... It was 8 years ago, after my high school graduation.  The reason I came to this restaurant was because my lovely credit card company sent me a coupon for $10 to be in debt, that's what I'm guessing.  But ya I had this coupon sitting in my dreadful extremely hot room and decided one day "I'm hungry and grabbed the paper and went to go eat."When ever I walk into a restaurant the first thing look for is; is there a smile on the hosts or hostess face.  Well I just got a partial smile and got seated.  Well I didn't give a crap because just got done fasting and was starving.My waitress GREETED with a smile. A++ VERY GOOODD!! I got my usual H20 and ordered a salmon dish with shrimp and other goodies.  Every employee was very attentive to me during the whole meal.  When my water would be low refill.  When my bread was gone refill would be right there.  When my food was eaten my check came promptly.  Even though it was fairly slow and all the employees were messing around.  The service was absolutely A++The food was nothing great but everything was all good.  Once another coupon comes from my credit card company for being in debt.  I shall be more in debt and come eat because food is better than debt.  Can anyone say amen to that?
5	YAHOO! Another $10 gift card from my credit card company... So I decided to go back to the same Red Lobster and this time was even better than last.  So this was my adventure at Red Lobster again.So I walked through the entrance of the place and WOW the host was right there expecting me with a menu.  I was shocked a chain restaurant has this kind of good service.  So I got promptly seated and the waiter came up and greeted me with a smile.  I got my usual water with lemon and ordered some peppercorn salmon dish.The waiter was very professional and was extremely attentive.  I got my plate of food and cut into the salmon.  WOW! The salmon is cooked perfect? Perfect medium rare? I was just mind boggled how perfect the salmon was cooked.  99.9% of chain restaurant over cook the living crap out of everything and plus the quality of the products the restaurants get in aren't all that great.  So I ate my perfectly cooked salmon with some wasabi sauce, wild rice, and asparagus.  Oh by the way the asparagus was cooked perfect to.  I was just in complete shock ha.... So that was my meal and I left with my stomach full and a smile on my face.Oh by the way the waiter offered me if I wanted more sauce for my salmon and a togo water... Now that's a plus... which means, more tip for him. =)
4	when the mother wants lobster, to red lobster we go. it was a bit different when i went to college in maine and she came for a visit but hellsya red lobster brought the goods tonight, specifically tim, our waiter, and as the hostess referred to him as she sat us (i think all red lobster wait staff may somehow go by the same title but tim was ridic), our "seafood expert".  first, tim fielded the 129 questions about substitutions from my mom like he wrote the book on jewish mothers. it was like he knew that when my mom tries a bite of someone else's food she returns the spoon or fork with half of the original food on it.  when we asked for an additional spoon for her to try my soup, he brought her a little plastic cuppy of soup just for her, to avoid half eaten food on utensil interference.  second, my wine pour was generous and appreciated. third, i don't know what the fuck is in those buttery delicious biscuits but hot damn they were buttery delicious (for anyone who comes to portland or lives in portland and reads this, imagine pine state biscuits times 2347) and fo freee and tim kept em coming. chains often get a bad rap, and often for good reasons. but tim the seafood expert + decentish lobster+ buttery delicious biscuits + big wine = 4 star.my only negative is that they are really pushing this design your own festival of shrimp shit a bit too much.i have now unbuttoned and am ready for the rest of a night with mother, which will likely involve law and order, cribbage, and our daily routine of shitting on sheriff joe.toy lista
5	Can you really get fresh seafood in the middle of the desert?  You can and this Red Lobster delivers fresh hot, steamy seafood.  The lobster is prepared to perfection, not to toughness.  Those cheddar bay bisquits are worth the trip alone.  So good that I'm not even ashamed to admit that I've stashed them in my purse.  Tip: dip the bisquits in some clam chowder and wow, it's like being transformed to an oceanside eatery.  Mmmm....The service in Phoenix is above and beyond any Red Lobster in the Bay Area and Washington, DC, my old stomping ground.   As a matter of fact, EVERYWHERE we went in Arizona, the service and hospitality was so surprising GREAT.  No wonder so many relocate here.Oy yes, I know, the immigration situation is an issue.  But hey, don't punish the hardworking man for trying to do right by you.
1	Our waitress was way too talkative, had 2 other people come up to us before we could even eat. Food was alright... but not up to par with the price. Boo! Never going back!
4	The food was delicious! All you can eat shrimp really hits the spot! Worth the price for each and every shrimp in my belly. Might i add the biscuits are delicious!!
1	Yikes, it's fitting that this is a seafood spot, because this restaurant is a sinking ship.My coworker was hungry and wanted some soup, so I agreed to go to lunch with her. We arrived at around 12:30 on a Tuesday, the parking lot was half full.We were greeted right away, and shown to our booth. A friendly server greeted us and took our drink orders. Coming back with the drinks, the server (Allison, I think?) did a good job of explaining the menus, showing us the specials etc. The server provided a really good impression that things were going to be very good.My friend and I ordered lunch, she ordered the salad/soup combo and I ordered the breaded shrimp lunch (way to branch out, I know...) Our server brought us some tasty rolls, and was quick to refill our drink glasses. After about 25 minutes, our server again came over to check on us, and it looked like she was surprised to see the absence of plates on our table. The server returned to our table with more rolls and told us it would be a few more minutes.My friend commented that it had taken forever for our food to arrive, and I could not disagree with her. I could see a long delay if we ordered some intricate dish, which was complex and required time (calzones, etc) but soup is already made, salad is just lettuce and dressing, and my entire lunch required mere minutes in a deep fryer.About ten minutes later our lunches arrived, and we were both truly puzzled as to what could have possibly taken so long. The place was not full at all, so it wasn't that the kitchen got overwhelmed- I really don't know the disconnect.I do not blame the server for the kitchen having epic failures. I do wish she would have stopped by and acknowledged the issue. Tell me anything:"Hey, the kitchen lost your order, they're making it now.""Sorry, there was a knife accident in the kitchen, and they needed your order slip to stop the bleeding.""Sorry, I got busy and forgot to put in your order.""Hey, I am not sure what is going on, but it is odd that you don't have lunch still."ANYTHING. Just communicate. Clearly there is an issue if we have been to lunch for nearly an hour and still do not have lunch.Ironically (TRUE STORY ALERT), an elderly couple using a walker to get around was seated after us, and ate, paid, and left BEFORE we got our lunch. It reminded me of the movie Office Space, it was great. When it came time to pay the bill, we made it a point to tip 25%, we were pretty sure that if others had as slow a lunch as we did, diners would mistakingly ding the server, when it was a kitchen issue.In conclusion, as we got to the parking lot my peer told me she would never return, and sadly I had to agree. It's a weird thing when you remove a restaurant from your future rotation, but it had to happen. It is not cool to take an hour and a half to have a 'quick lunch' mere minutes from the office.
3	I've been getting major grief from my wife that we hadn't been to Red Lobster in ages (that's because I'm not a big fan plus I'm driving). So I recently gave in since we had a $10 dollar coupon and it was lent.Our sever Jen was outstanding, truly a Hall of Fame type server. I only come across this type of server maybe once every year or so. She kept those yummy biscuits and drinks refreshed even before we knew that we needed them refreshed.I ordered the $19.99 combo of lobster tail and shrimp sewers. The small lobster tail was good but the shrimp were way way (add emphasis on the "way") too buttery for my taste. I forgot what my wife ordered, but she enjoyed her meal. See you next time Red Lobster.
2	REALLLLYYY salty food.I mean i love salty food but this is beyond! Me and my fiance both Had a stomach ache couple hour after eating there.should of give a one star but only good thing bout this place is the service. Not going back there again or any red lobster!
3	Food was great. Service at a table was fine in a previous visit. But in the bar, it didn't seem like a priority for wait staff to take orders and tend to customers dining in the bar area. Ended up taking longer than it took for many others to get seated and waited on in the restaurant dining area. So the deduction in stars is sure to that lack of service level in the bar area.
4	I don't eat at RL much, opting for smaller boutique cookeries in lieu of the big chain restaurants, so i was pleasantly surprised last night at my dining experience here.The greeter was friendly, the service was above average and the food, while only a little above average, was nonetheless quite good. And that's what surprises me.RL has a good business model for a chain and has obviously had years to perfect it. I couldn't help but compare it to some of the swankier seafood joints in Scottsdale, thinking, "same quality, half the price".In these troubled economic times, austerity is king and as such, RL gets my vote.
3	This is what happens when I attempted to dine with my mother and both her sisters.  Mom wants Chinese, but Aunt #1 is on Atkins for the upteenth time and that's the one cuisine she finds difficult to work around.  Aunt #2 wants only "American" food.  So I foolishly suggest plenty of non-chain options, only to get them all rejected by either mom or Aunt #2.  So after at least 45 minutes of this nonsense, we end up at Red Lobster.Not the best Red Lobster, but certainly not the worst.  Since Caesar salad is always overdressed, I made the mistake of ordering the dressing on the side not realizing I would need to utilize a butter knife to get any on the lettuce.  The scallops on the broiled seafood platter were somewhat bland, and my mom's grilled shrimp had absolutely no color to them.  They looked like boiled shrimp that somehow skewered themselves.But other than that, everything was as expected.  Except the part at the end of the meal where Aunt #2 remarks "I guess if you lived in the area, it would be fine to try somewhere local."  Uh, I do, and we had this conversation before we ever left my house.
4	I have eaten at this Red Lobster three times and never had any major complaints. One time I remember being annoyed with the waitress because she kept coming over to our table every two minutes and asking if everything was ok. She asked before I had even taken a bite, each time interrupting our conversation. Is being too attentive really a bad thing in a restaurant?Other than that, I have found the food decent and serve time adequate. I LOVE the unlimited basket of bisquits and look forward to returning to RL just for those.
3	Being that I am a vegetarian, there are not many dishes at Red Lobster I can eat anymore. However, I will forever be grateful for the creation of cheddar bay biscuits. My husband and I sometimes make a meal out of side salads and their biscuits! Sounds crazy yet tastes delicious. The service at this location is average, not great but not horrible either. It's close to Old Town Scottsdale and is easy to locate. If you're in the mood for a big chain meal, this isn't a bad option.
5	Excellent seafood, not greasy, & light coating if you are ordering fried. This is probably my favorite seafood spot! Parking is extremely convenient . red  lobster is a awesome  place-   They also sell special order MASSIVE lobsters. Awesome place. I highly recommend, and its in a beautiful area to take a nice stroll or grab a couple beers after you eat. Enjoy!
2	Dear Red Lobster, There are other flavors besides butter and garlic. This food was horrible. The only think saving it from one star was the non-horrible service. Those stupid biscuits were hard, heavy and taste exactly like Cheez-its. We ordered one of the feasts and an appetizer. EVERYTHING was super greasy and drowning in butter. The scallops were rubbery and everything was so rich we left feeling like we had eaten bricks. The feeling lasted for 5 hours until I was finally able to fall asleep. Red Lobster: Not Even Once.
5	My family and I love this restaurant in general, but we particularly love this central Scottsdale location. The new decor is really comfortable and gives a lot more ambience than the old model. We ate there this weekend for lobster fest, yay, but I was the only one who ordered something with lobster. My husband and son both ordered shrimp scampi (weirdos...it's Lobster Fest). Our waiter was friendly, got our drink orders and yummy hot biscuits out to us right away. It wasn't long that the piping hot shrimp scampi orders arrived at our table. I was promised mine would be out soon. I ordered the Bar Harbor Lobster Bake. A few minutes later the manager came by and apologized for my order not coming out when the guys meals came. She was a little horrified by it, I could tell. She mentioned that she never lets food to come out in stages like this! I could tell someone was going to get a "what for" any second. She was very, very sweet and as soon as my dinner was ready she brought it over herself and again apologized. She said she was so embarrassed it happened, and I really didn't even think anything of it until she mentioned it. She comp'ed my meal and it was the most expensive dish at our table! Of course we were super pleased by such service. Mistakes happen, and her acknowledging the mistake and apologizing is all I really needed, but it takes really great customer service to go that extra mile. Our waiter also apologized and overall, we were all very pleased with our meals...super yummy...and our service..overall, great!  We will be back again and again.
5	great dinner,  i enjoyed the lobster dish that i had.   the cheader bay biscets were great.  and the lobster pizza was great .   will be back again.
1	I came into this restaurant to use a gift card and the I am so glad I didn't have to pay. I was appalled by the soggy shrimp, tasteless fish, greasy baked potato and the slop on my girlfriend's plate was atrocious. Everything from the flavor to the appearance was just a jumbled mess of ersatz food. The biscuits may be the only redeeming quality (kind of like the fries at McDonald's), however they are hardly compelling enough to return.
5	Great dinner last night. Our server, Paris, went above and beyond last night to make our visit great. The food was terrific!
5	Excellent service by Will. He was very attentive on a busy night. All the food was great. The 4 course meals are a great option for $16 and include soup salad entre and dessert. The wait was only 5 minutes but I'd recommend calling ahead for busier nights.
4	This was a goodRed Lobster, both food and friendly service.  Sorry to see it closed on 07/26/2014.  Apparently the parent company Darden sold the land back to the city (or directly to a developer) for a development project.
4	This was the best Red Lobster in the whole Phoenix metro area - food was always good and servers were attentive, friendly, and professional.  Such a shame it closed and Olive Garden next door stayed open.  Of all the restaurants in the Darden chain, Red Lobster is the best by far and Olive Garden is the worst.
4	This location is CLOSED for good and unfortunately we had to find out the hard way.  We'd been drinking at the pool all afternoon and my friend has been talking about all you can eat shrimp for over a week. He really loves Red Lobster.  It was quite crushing to UBER all the way from CenPho to Scottsdale only to arrive to a closed restaurant. Even our driver was devastated.  We made the best of the situation and just continued drinking for the remainder of the night. I called Red Lobster headquarters this morning and was told the property had been sold to a developer and that store is now closed.
