2	The most rushed "spa manicure/pedicure" I've ever had, not worth $45 for a few teaspoons of extra product, and all the while the tech wanting me to say what a nice job she was doing.  The end result was a perfectly fine mani-pedi, but for the money I would expect more of a professional experience and a more relaxing experience.  I would come here again for a polish change, if I'm in the area again I'd probably go elsewhere for the full mani-pedi.
2	I'm disappointed in my experience at this nail salon for several reasons.While I was waiting, a girl came in and signed her name on the waiting list to get a manicure and pedicure. She was asking the ladies in the salon how long the wait would be, and they told her they didn't know but that they would call her when it was her turn. The girl really just wanted some sort of time frame because she was going into some other stores in the area while she waited. After she left, they started talking about her and how if she was concerned about the wait time that she should have come on a weekday. I just thought it was rude/unprofessional to be talking about a customer like that.On to the services. I got a manicure, which was $12. I agree with the previous review in that it seemed like my manicure was very rushed. I felt like the technician was not even paying her full attention to my nails. She put some sort of base coat on first but didn't even cover the entire nail. You can see the outline of it under the nail color and it looks bad. She probably did my entire manicure in 10 minutes. To be clear, the only reason I am mentioning how fast she was is because I felt like the quality of the manicure was compromised. From far away my nails look fine but if you look at them up close they don't look too great.I definitely will not be coming back here.
1	I would NOT recommend this place to anyone! I came here the day before my *wedding* for a mani pedi and it was the worst I have ever had in my life. I told them I wanted clear *nail polish* on my nails, not just cheap top coat that flakes off in a couple days. Well, not only were all my nails different lengths and shapes, but she only put topcoat on my nails! So what happened two days later? My nails were chipping! This was the worst place I've ever been to, and will never waste my money here again.
5	The previous reviews were obviously left by the competition and they made me laugh. This place is great. You are not rushed, the price is good, the service is great and the girls are very friendly. Be careful what you read on the internet. Go try a place yourself to see.
