5	Overall I am a big fan of this place... first how can you beat a place that is BYO???!!!  You never have to worry about a bad wine list or paying too much because it is your own stuff...  I find the food excellent... they menu is not large and changes often...  but I have never had anything that I have no liked... the chef is defiantly 5 star and since you bring in your own wine the prices don't seem that bad... but it is not exactly cheap... The only down fall of the place is that it is real small and has funky hours... I think it is only open Wednesday to Saturday.  I know that they take reservations and I would venture to say that is the only way to actually eat there... This is a nice place for special occasions or a date...
5	I love, love, love this place.  It's been around for 10 years.  Just down the street from me and for some reason I just never got around to going.  Finally, in November my mom and I went for dinner.  Amazing!I'm a convert!  I'll be a Coup Des Tartes for special occasions and just for fun!  The food was wonderful.  Recognizable with a twist.  Fresh ingredients and really nice service.  This little place has more character in its little pinky that so many other restaurants in the Valley.  From the pictures on the walls and photographs on the fireplace to the staff.  I took my boyfriend for a romantic date night the weekend before Christmas and it was great.  He said the same thing I'd been thinking, "WHY haven't we been coming here for years?"I think I thought that it was much more expensive than it was.  Mom and I had one app, one salad and two entrees for $80 (including tax and corkage) and BF and I had one app, one salad, two entrees, one dessert and two corking fees for $121 (including tax and corkage).  No bad folks.  Pretty darn good actually.  It's BYOB, so we had wine that would have cost us over $150 in a restaurant, but we brought it from home.  I love it!Standouts for me were the mushroom & Gruyere tarte, lovely and cheesy and flaky all at the same time.  The lox and potato appetizer was fabulous, and I'm not a big lox fan and I loved this.  The baby arugula salad with pears, feta and candied pecans was a perfect balance of flavors and textures.  The lamb entree is good and surprisingly, I tried the chicken cordon bleu and it was terrific!  Most amazing though, is the Grand Canyon dessert -- layers and layers of chocolate and peanut butter mousse.  Light and fluffy and rich and decadent!Bon Appetit!
5	For fresh American faire with a French twist this homey little cottage with hardwood floors will tickle your fancy!  The owner is also the head Chef and the menu changes regularly.  Fresh salads featuring a little fruit and nuts is my favorite aperitif.  Seafood is usually featured, along with chicken, light cream sauces and nicely sized portions that a girl can actually finish.  This is a great place for a romantic dinner, or girls night out before the theatre, or intimate dinner with another couple.  I believe they now have a liquour license that allows for wine service and maybe more?!  A back room is available for larger groups, call ahead to reserve it.  Reservations recommended, in general.  Only open for dinner.  Moderate to upscale prices.
5	my boyfriend took me here on my birhtday after several strong suggestions from his coworkers for a nice, romantic option.and i was blown away! if you've been to house of tricks in tempe, expect the same crowd, decor/atmosphere and price, and the same food quality.it was a beautiful historic house with an outside deck. it was very tiny, and it gets a little loud with the small settting and hardwood floors, but not enough to ruin a meal by any means. we had reservations on a saturday, and still had to wait for about 10 minutes. during taht time we saw several groups come in without reservations and get turned away. the BYOB was a killer surprise. my BF printed the menu from their web site and took it to AJs and asked the wine guy for his suggestions, and that worked out perfectly.i have to suggest the brie brule, brie covered with caramelized apples and served warm with toasts and seasonal fruits. absolutely wonderful and melt in your mouth.we also had mozzerella and tomato salad, which was overkill on the cheese, but still good. i had the filet mignon and he had the pork tenderloin and they were also unbelievably good.i'm sure it was a hefty bill, but def worth it for special occasions. i will def go back!
5	We absolutely love this place... We visited here probably 7 times over our 3 years in Phoenix.Everyone seems to think this place is a French restaurant, and that is incorrect.  This place serves modern american food with deep roots/influence in French Bistro food.Highlights:Food -- We've eaten pretty much the entire gamut of the menu.  Favorites include the Pate de Campagne, Baked Feta and apples, all of the salads, pork loin, filet, chicken, lamb with couscous, and the desserts.   MMMMMMMM the desserts.  The lemon tarte and the Grand Canyon (haven't seen that on the menu in a while) are devine.Service-- Always have had great luck here.  The staff is very attentive and know when to check in and when to leave you alone.  BYOB -- Love this!  I hate having to purchase wines limited on whatever list the restaurant has.  The corkage fee is very reasonable, and they Atmosphere -- A hidden gem right outside of the Biltmore area.  We love the cozy, romantic atmosphere.  Nice little courtyard outside is perfect to take a break in before desset.  I prefer the clientele here over those that go to say Zinc Bistro in Scottsdale.  My only real criticism of this place is the fact that their menu does change based upon the seasons and ingrediants available.  So, if you look on the website, you might want to call ahead to make sure they have that specific dish that you are craving!!!  (OK, not really a criticism, but it is hard to find faults in this place...)
5	This might be my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  It's a great date spot.  It's in an early 20th century house that they did a great job restoring.  The result is an intimate and very romantic setting.  The food is great.  I've been there  maybe four times and I've liked everything I have had there.  The Brie Brulee appetizer is a standout.  Keep in mind the place is small (maybe about 12 or 15 tables total) so reservations are a must.  Oh and it's a BYOB.  I think the corkage fee is about $8.
4	Coup Des Tartes is a particularly romantic place, although I've never been here with someone I had even the most remote romantic thoughts about. Isn't that funny? What's funnier is that I went here with some guy I married for our wedding night dinner! Ha-ha!*The food is very delicious and the women that work here are uncontrollably adorable, always. It's a little dream of a house and takes you a bit out of the city when you're here.*Back story: I married some Bulgarian so he could get citizenship. It didn't work out, so we are D-I-V-O-R-C-E-D. At the ripe young age of 24, too! My grandkids are going to have a field day with me.
5	One thing to say about this place...You MUST get the Meat & Potatoes appetizer.  Hands down one of the best appetizers I've ever had anywhere, and paired with a salad, I could contemplate just eating this for dinner.  This place is SUPER cute and "romantic".  They offer BYOB service which is great...you can bring your own favorite wine/beer!  The food was wonderful and the waitstaff seemed knowledgeable in what they were serving and made some good recommendations.  I can't wait to go back!
2	Coup des Tartes gets two stars for two reasons:1) The edifice itself is charming; quaint and a delightful setup to a romantic evening.2) The wait staff is friendly, courteous, and takes time to answer questions.The food, however, is not particularly well prepared; hence the two star rating.  It is unfortunate because if the meal had been outstanding, I would easily love this place.  Also, it is BYOB for wine.  Puh'lease.  Do NOT open a french restaurant and have an adequate supply of sylvaners, and bordeaux's, and the like on hand.  If you don't know much about food, it's easy to fall in love with this place.  If you care about the food more than the building it's served in, you will walk about disappointed.
4	A group of friends and I visited Coup Des Tartes for the first time on Friday night, and we had a fantastic time -- echoing many of the reviews before me.  The BYOB ($8 corking fee but they were sweetly not paying attention to how many bottles we opened) situation just makes me happy and always ensures a happy table.The menu is small but it was all right up my alley and I had a hard time deciding which app/salad/entree/dessert -- strong options in all categories.  Our table got the brie brulee appetizer, which wasn't anything complicated but yummy nonetheless.  We shared some salads (a split brie and pear salad for me...sense a trend?) and then I ordered the sea bass for an entree.  It was absolutely delicious!  Toss in the chocolate lover's dessert and I was in love.Our service was impeccable and the energy from the staff was perfect for our Friday night.  The place is very small and I loved that; felt more like a restaurant in NYC vs. Phoenix.  Reservations are a requirement from what I understand, which makes sense with the small # of tables.  Entrees are in the $25-$35 range, but are very well-prepared and have good portions.  Food is pricey but at the end of the day my group was out of there at $55/person with tip included -- not bad at all (especially with one of the dishes being the lobster)!
5	Loved this place!  I am a huge fan of the whole flip-the-house-and-turn-it-into-a-great-restaurant idea....Now I know this place has been around for a while, but this was my first time there and my wife and I were blown away.Being half French, my taste buds were excited upon first glance of the menu...but then I noticed hints of Morocco and other countries littered throughout the menu.  The brie brulee with caramelized apples was a true vision and the pate was wonderfully complimented by a tangy dijon mustard.  We opted for the lamb shank and pork tenderloin ( all farm animals baby! ) as our entrees.  These dishes blew us out of the water!  You must go as soon as possible!
4	We went for the Valentines Day dinner.  It was cute, really nice and more food in one sitting than I have had in a long time.  It was pricey but worth it in my eyes.  We brought our own wine we purchased in Sonoma and were saving for a special night.Service was wonderful.  The ambiance is romantic and sweet.  The brie was so good, I could have just eaten the entire plate and been completely satisfied but of course, I had soup, the main dish, dessert and wine.  Great place for a romantic date.
4	Cute little place with amazing service and food. Parking is not fun because the lot is tiny. This restaurants looks like it used to be a house. Adorable. We had the brie brule with fruit for appetizer and it is to die for! Banana brulee for dessert was delicious too.You are welcome and almost seems expected to bring your own wine because right when we were seated we were asked if we did.  I think my friend make reservations via opentable.
5	My boyfriend summed up our experience at Coup Des Tartes pretty well, even with the spelling and grammar issues - I swear he's college educated; he just thinks it's 'kool' to 'right' in his own unique style :)I'm just going to add my own two cents...After reading so many great reviews of this place, we were both pretty excited to try it out.  I made our reservations online with no problem.  As he said, going on a Wednesday night was perfect - it was not too crowded and we received great service. Claire and Mona took great care of us... great ambiance and food too - To start, I went with the Roquefort Salad (their signature salad) and it was delicious! Jared was happy with his mussels appetizer as well.  They brought plenty of bread and butter for him to sop up the sauce as well - it too was fresh, moist, and yummy. Jared had the chicken entree and I had the lobster... I really enjoyed it - the lobster itself was flavorful and it also had a light sweet sauce (with coconut) that enhanced each bite.  I liked that it came with asparagus as well as a risotto.  I didn't love that the risotto had pineapple in it, but that may be just me.  We didn't need it but J twisted my arm to share a dessert... chocolate crusted cheesecake with an orange sauce and fresh berries - the perfect sweet ending to a wonderful meal!If you like quaint, unique, local places, check out Coup Des Tartes - you won't be disappointed!
5	Loved it!!!We went there last Friday night to be romantic and it definitely did the trick. I had never experienced a BYOB restaurant before and after experiencing it first hand I am hooked. We started the evening with the fillet Mignon tacos and they were fabulous, the perfect start. I had the chicken breast. It was stuffed with goodness and was served with squash, corn, and garlic mashed potatoes. A drizzle of pesto lined the outside of the dish and was the perfect accompaniment. My husband has the salmon as was very impressed (I don't do fish so I can't go into more detail). For dessert we had the four berry tarte, it was warm and the perfect end to a fabulous meal. They serve the type of food that continues to come up in conversation throughout the evening, in a good way.
4	Well, there aren't many places that let you bring your own wine to the table in Phoenix, and the food is great as well.Coup Des Tartes has a distinctly Napa Vally feel to the ambiance.  The food is very good, though not among the best in Phoenix, and reasonably priced.  A truly fun and magical place to take someone special.You have to try it for yourself!  One of my favorites for a nice, slow, date.
5	This place is great! The food is wonderful, the place is charming, the service is excellent, and the ambience is beautiful. My husband took me here on a Saturday night, and while the restaurant was full, it was not busy, and we did not feel rushed (unlike many smaller restaurants). We brought a bottle of our own wine, and enjoyed lots of yummy food. For starters we began with the Three Onion Tarte. The crust was heavenly, and the gruyere was perfectly baked. We also had the mozzarella and tomato, and parmigiano salads. The mozzarella was fresh, creamy, and very tasteful. For entrees we had the Farfalle pasta, which tasted just as amazing as it smelled. We also had the Filet Mignon.  The meat was perfectly medium, and the horseradish and black pepper creme fraiche was to die for. For dessert we had the Four Berry Tarte, which was fantastic. We left extremely happy, our bellies full but not overly FULL. The prices are a little up there, but it's worth it. We'll definitely be coming back soon, as the menu changes seasonally. Yum!
5	Ohh la la! This place made me want to learn French. I went there with my bro and sis- in laws as well as my mother in law and my husband. We each brought in our own bottle of wine. I love BYOBs because you can really splurge on your food AND drink delicious wines. This place did the trick! We had the Interested Cheeses (my sis-in-law and I love cheese) and the Filet Mignon taco for starters. I can't vouch for the tacos, but I think my husband would have fought me for it. For our entrees I had the salmon which was cooked to perfection! I even ended up eating off other plates with salmon after they were full I loved it so much! My husband loved the Filet Mignon as well. I do think it was here where he discovered he really did like salmon. Of course, we had to have dessert, too! We got the chocolate mocha and the four berry tartes. Even if you are full, get a tarte to go! I really want to go back to try the farfalle..Maybe this weekend??I guess it is good for groups but call ahead. Its a tight squeeze!
3	I hate to do this after so many good reviews, but the service was not the best I've ever received.  I saw the great review in the "Best of Phoenix," so I wanted to check it out on Friday night.  When we arrived, we were sat at a blank table (no linens, plates, silverware).  The host quickly brought all of that to the table.  He left... and it actually took 5 minutes for the server to even come to the table and ask what kind of water we wanted.  After delivering the water, she went to make several cappucinos and grab desserts from the back for another table.  This literally took about 13 minutes.  Not once did she explain that she was busy or that it would be a few minutes before she could get back with us.  I was on the verge of walking out, but decided to try the food.The food is definitely worth the horrible service I received.  I might give it another try since our server may have been having a bad day... but, a restaurant has to maintain great service... otherwise, people won't want to give a second chance.
4	quaint and eclectic! a good place to go for a romantic evening. it feels like someone's home.  also it's byob and there's a small patio off to the side that's great when the weather permits.  beware tho - everything and i mean everything tastes really sweet
1	Updating my review after a horrible experience trying to utilize their private room, Rendevous, for a birthday dinner.  Their event coordinator dropped the ball with several huge miscommunications during the 4 weeks we were in touch, and then went MIA for a week and a half before the event.  In the 11th hour, three days before the event and ON my actual birthday, I had to pull the event when there was no way to find a mutually-agreed upon solution that would preserve the original intent of the evening.  I had to inform my 27 guests of the last-minute location change via e-mail after sending formal invitations weeks in advance. The entire experience was a nightmare and having the owner yelling at me on my birthday was not the highlight of my week.  The most unprofessional and offensive experience I have ever had within the service industry.
4	My First Date at Coup Des Tartes,I can't give this restaurant the fifth star because of a few drawbacks.  3.5 star review if I couldI have driven by the restaurant many times and thought Coup Des Tartes sounds like a French restaurant, great, there are not to many in the area.  Then I read the yelp reviews and thought this was a great place to take a date.  Its small, with a home dinning area atmosphere, and the staff seemed very nice.  The date went well so I have to give the restaurant a thank you for that. My date and I overstayed our visit and non of the employees minded another nice note.  Don't let the name lead you to think this restaurant is a French restaurant because it is not.  The definition of a French restaurant starts with French area ingredients and preparation.  Coup Des Tartes does not focus on  either. Overall a nice place for a small restaurant atmosphere and quality food.
5	I've been to Coup Des Tartes several times over the years, including a great time on New Year's Eve back when they first opened. For a time they used to serve an excellent brunch on the weekends (Hangover cure #9 was my favorite) but that was short lived and deeply missed.One thing to keep in mind when planning to eat her is that the menu is always changing with th seasons. It is also not traditional French cuisine, but French influenced takes on whatever fresh ingredients are available at the time. Some of my favorite dishes in the past have included an excellent spinach salad with wasabi dressing, a Pork Tenderloin that was tender enough to cut with the edge of my fork, and the often reviewed lobster.But the thing that keeps me coming back is the desserts. The tartes here are made fresh every day in the morning, and AMAZING. The Banana Brulee tarte is by far one of my favorites; with the filling texture soft and creamy but not overly sweet. The crust has always been light, flaky and a perfect contrast to the filling.This is a great romantic place to go, small but not crowded and lit nicely. I do recommend a reservation unless you are stopping by for just dessert after a dinner elsewhere, as it can be very busy with only approx. 15 tables maximum. The staff has always been very nice, and they were even kind enough to create a custom menu for friends of mine that were engaged there (he hid the proposal in the words of the menu).
4	Went for a birthday dinner, apart from having a reservation and having to wait for 20 minutes it was a great time.  Not really a french or foodie restaurant however their food and service was good... BYO is also nice change. The atmosphere is very cottage-like with tables close together, we had conversations with the tables on both sides of us.  The desserts were very good, at the time they had a pumpkin tarte that was delicious.
4	My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's Day and it was Awesome! The food was amazing - It was a fixed price 4 course meal - and everything we ate was cooked perfectly... I had the mushroom tarte to start and the BF had scallops that he said was the best thing he ate all night... we both had the tomato bisque and then he had Lobster while I chose the Osso Buco with black truffle risotto - absolutely melt in your mouth... we finished with the Banana Brulee which lived up to the reviews posted...Our server was very sweet and attentiveMy only complaints were that we were packed in like sardines... takes intimate to a whole new level - at least our table mates weren't complete jerks ;-) and that I felt a little rushed through... the meals came out so quick and so did the check... It was a busy night I'm sure, but I would have liked to savor the tastes a bit before being rolled out... On the whole though I was happy and sated: We will definitely be back!
4	I had Sunday Brunch here a couple of weeks ago and was anticipating a great meal. The first thing that struck me was that our group of 5 were the only people in the restaurant at noon on a Sunday. We were the only ones there when we arrived and the only ones there when we left. Surprising. The person serving us seemed to be pulling double duty. While I can't be sure of this, his frequent and lengthy absences had me suspicious that he was, in fact, cooking our meals. That being said, the food was excellent. Eggs Benedict is the bellwether of all brunch meals for me, so that's what I ordered. The latte that I ordered was exceptional. At $5 a pop, I easily could have run up a $30+ bar tab on these alone. To keep costs under control, I made the switch to regular coffee, which was also excellent. All in all, a great meal. My only disappointments were the lack of crowds and spotty service. Hopefully, some of you will read this and put Coup Des Tartes on your Sunday brunch rotation!
3	This is a nice neighborhood cafe. I would pick it for an intimate outing anytime. The food is decent. It's not going to knock ones socks off. It's eclectic. Little bit of Asian, Italian, and French flavors, dished out in a safe manner. Nothing to weird, out there or otherwise too creative. My only complaint regarding food was that I was not asked how I'd like my pork tenderloin cooked. Being that it's a solid piece of meat with no fat in it, cooking it well done doesn't help any. Service is very good, with our server explaining each dish as they hit the table. All and all, this place's ambiance makes it a decent place to take a lovely lady, or handsome man.
1	really, I can't believe this place has received such high reviews from people.my lady and i walked in, and were greeted rather rudely by a pretentious bitch at the front with a monotone "name please?", instead of a warm, friendly, french welcome to this rather charming looking place. we didn't have a reservation, which from the looks of how dead empty the place was, didn't seem like a problem. until the hostess whisked through her reservation list and explained she'd try to "fit us in". it was 6pm, the place had one other couple dining, and we were informed that the next party was arriving at 7:30. we weren't really looking to hang out. it would have be awfully lovely if yelpers would have informed of the need to MAKE RESERVATIONS before going in here, because if you don't, you're automatically a piece of shit according to the staff. sorry, i don't plan very much ahead. next time i will, and it won't be here.anyways, after debating for a minute or two with herself, the hostess decided we could "squeeze in" and sat us right on top of the other couple inside the restaurant. she informed us that we could cork our own wine, for their low low price of 9 fucking dollars. in words only office space could adequately describe,"coup des tartes, what is it exactly that you do?". the food was good, nothing spectacular for $25+ a plate. we got a salad with apples and nuts and bleu cheese, which was served warm. now this is the first warm salad i've had all of my life, and by no means am i some sort of wordly food expert, but i believe salad should be cold and crisp. not soggy and warm. yuck. the cordon bleu was tasty and filling, however, the wobbly table was an extreme annoyance when cutting through the chicken, but it was solved (with no thanks to the staff) by placing a jack-in-the-box gift card under the leg. i will admit, the mashed potatoes are some of the creamiest and best i've ever had. my lady got the pork tenderloin, which had a strange peppery-sweet pairing which i didn't particularly care for. we were broke for desert, so unfortunately we didn't get to try any tarts. you would think for a place that promotes itself as being so poise would get some fancier menus, other than a $.15 piece of cardstock copied in bulk at kinkos.this place was rather disappointing. i honestly thought it would be way more comfy and welcoming inside but it really wasn't. it presents itself as being so high class and french and oh-la-la wee wee, but when it comes down to it, it's still located in a tiny shack of a house at 16th street and highland. maybe if it were located in the biltmore i'd give it a bit more cred.
3	We sat on their courtyard patio, brought our own wine, and had a classy but unpretentious dinner.  The roquefort salad was my fave--lots of tasty treasures in it--but the chicken cordon bleu ($23) was uninspired and a little overcooked.  We got the sea bass ($35) at our table and that was a definite winner.  Service was slightly inattentive and harried--I believe there was a party there that night and they seemed to be a little understaffed.I think I'll try again for brunch sometime.  I have the feeling I got unlucky with my meal--people who got the risotto and lobster at the next table raved about it.
4	Had dinner here last night and it was delicious!! Super cute, intimate old house restaurant centrally located on 16th, just south of Highland. Best part....(and if you've read my other reviews this will be a shocker!)....it's BYOB!! There is a $9 corkage fee without a limit on the number of bottles you bring in to enjoy. Love it!! So, BF and I started with the daily soup...white tuscan bean...delicious!! They were super accommodating for his GF food allergy and we nearly licked the bowl clean! We then split the tomato & mozzarella salad which had fantastic, fresh mozzarella. It was awesome! For dinner, we shared the pork tenderloin and it was cooked perfectly and the potatoes were incredible! Obviously very rich (I'm guessing cream cheese and sour cream), but they were ridiculous! I had been eyeing the cheese plate as many other groups were enjoying it, so we decided to take one to go! It's a bit pricey ($18), but the 4 cheeses they selected were so good (Humboldt Fog Goat with ash, Parm Reg, an awesome creamy, brie like cheese and another yummy one with golden raisins) plus it was accompanied by great, buttery toast points with dried cranberries, apricots and fresh pears, apples and strawberries. It was soo good! One thing that we didn't try, but would like to, is they are known for their tarts. They have a selection of about 5 each day, with one daily special (yesterday being smores...what!?!) and they look amazing! Such a great little place!
4	We decided to do a very belated make up anniversary, which was originally going to be at coup des tartes.  So I figured better late than never, this was my 2nd time and probably a few more for my wife at coup des tartes.  the Staff greeted us prompty and seated us right away.  I can never get over how small this place is.it's like...Let me show you to your table... 1 Mississippi, 2 Mississippi... and here we arealthough they do seem to make the most of the space and it's not really an issue.  I love that this restaurant is BYOB, I ambitiously brought 2 bottles, we barely made it through the first.  We were a little disappointed to see that they'd taken the Filet Mignon Taco's app off of the menu.  instead I had a salad and my wife had soup which weren't bad.For Dinner I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass, it was cooked perfectly served over a bed of sea beans in a coconut glaze.  it made a perfect subtle combination and I could eat that coconut glaze on anything.My wife had Cordon Bleu which she allowed me to taste and from the bite I had it was very enjoyable as well.For Dessert we had a four berry tarte, the tarte was very good with home made ice cream and fresh berry, served with a side of I believe Creme Fraiche.All in all it was a good meal, and not a bad date night, and I will be back.
4	What a great gem, possibly one of the few restaurants that isnt based in a strip mall or a hotel.  Instead it is in a nice converted old home, a home that was the owners home when he was a child.  We were warmly greeted and shown to our table.  We love the fact that this place is BYOB with only a $9 corkage.  In Portland, where we live, most places don't allow BYOB and if they do its usually $15-25 a bottle.   Instead we were able to enjoy wine we picked out ourselves to match our tastes and budget.  We started off with  a tasty cheese and onion savory tart with greens.  Then we each chose a salad, both were good though my wife's choice the Taleggio was much better especially with the Prickly Pear Vinaigrette and Teleggio Cheese.  For Entrees my wife chose the duck and I opted for the Filet.  The duck was really savory, the rhubarb glaze was the highlight of the dish.  I only got two little bites but each was very good.  The Filet was good a nice piece of meat, the horseradish creme fraiche was a nice touch but it was the amazing locally grown heirloom tomatoes that put the dish apart.  Great acidity to match up with the meat.For dessert we split the carmel chocolate tart which was sort of a crisp brownie base with a gooey carmel that was a good way to finish the evening though the next time we come back we will opt for a few nice cheeses instead. A wonderful setting, great staff, plenty of parking and great food for a very reasonable price.  What more could you ask for? Well even though they seem quite busy the night we were there they now have a summer special limited menu for a very reasonable price.  Now there is no reason you should not go.  Next time we are back in Phoenix we will be back to Coup Des Tartes.
4	A delightful treat, a scrumptious country meal, reminiscent of a park picnic. These are just a few ways I would explain a meal at Coup Des Tartes. The starters of onion tart and pate were delicious, rustic and great to share. We ordered from the summer price fix meal and found it to a great value - filet and pomme frites with a great green salad for $25..It is BYOB which I loved but my espousa was put off by the $9 corkage fee, I thought is was the best deal going bt he thought it was   pricey...either way it is BYOB so bring something you love. The place is small so you will find it cozy and your fellow dinners will be close by...Enjoy, it is a great casual dining experience.
4	I took one of my friends to this restaurant when she visited from out of town.  As she describes her sense of fashion/home decor as "ghetto nouveau-french,"  I decided to treat her to a French-style dinner.From the outside, Coup des Tartes definitely fits the "ghetto" theme.  Situated in an unassuming restaurant in a neighborhood that I wouldn't walk through at night, it doesn't look like much from the outside.However, when you step inside, you feel like you've stepped into one of those tiny European cafes that are squeezed into a space that shouldn't be legal.  If you are claustrophobic, or if you don't want to hear the strangers at the next table chewing, then this is not the restaurant for you.BUT~if you want delicious food in a cozy and warm atmosphere where you can hear the stranger next to you chew away, then this is definitely the restaurant for you!To be honest, I visited this restaurant a couple of years ago, so I couldn't tell you 100% what I had to eat.  What i CAN say is that the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was quite romantic.  Of course, it was more or less wasted on us at the time since it was two girls, but it was quite nice for a girly night out as well!They recommended that you make a reservation on the weekend, which I would also second, since seating is limited.  This is not a restaurant where you are in and out within an hour.  Pick up your own bottle(s) of wine (so you know what you're drinking, and don't have to think of overpriced bottles), slow down, and take your time.
4	My boyfriend took me here for a surprise dinner last night and it was wonderful. Being able to BYOB is an amazing idea and more places should offer it. The food was absolutely wonderful, every bite was a treat. The prices are a little steep but way worth it in my mind. I loved that the tomatoes that were served with my meal were local and absolutely delicious. My bf wolfed them down and he normally hates veggies. It's one of the many old houses turned restaurants near downtown and was very charming and the atmosphere was so comfortable. The ladies working there were delightful and helpful.I'd definitely recommend it to anyone in the area or any visitors to the area.
3	I came here for lunch last week with some friends to celebrate my belated birthday. We were disappointed Cafe Monarch was closed for the summer and we were looking for somewhere that was BYO because we were hauling around our wine. Viola! Coup de Tartes! We all share so we can try a bit of everything (we do this pretty much everywhere) and we started with the goat cheese on toast and the onion tart. Both came with salads that were nicely dressed in vinaigrette's. Both appetizers were good, though the onion tart outshined the goat cheese. The tart was creamy, oniony and delicious. Everything we could hope for. Everyone enjoyed it. The goat on toast was exactly that:  Cheese on toast. It tasted good because I like goat cheese so much and it reminded me I needed to pick more up at the grocery store, but it really was nothing exciting. In fact, it's getting by far too much face time now. For the entree we kept it light to save plenty of room for dessert. We shared the seafood salad and the ham and brie sandwich. The sandwich was just ham and brie on an average baguette. Like something you'd pick up at Safeway. The baguettes at Lee's Sandwiches are much better and the ham on the sandwich was the processed stuck-together loaf kind (like the Oscar Meyer packaged type). I've had by far better ham and brie sandwiches for two euros in the metro stations in France. Granted, that was in France but you get my drift. Clearly, we should have gone with the lamb sandwich. The salad was loaded with seafood and the dressing was fine but it didn't make me want to lick my plate and that's what I was looking for. Enough said. Next course, dessert. We ordered their seasonal tart, the smores, the "famous" bananas foster brulee and the one I was looking most forward to, the dark chocolate salted caramel. First the salted caramel tart.. I had a fellow dark chocolate salted caramel lover at the table so we both dug right in and we were equally disappointed. It miraculously tasted nothing like chocolate, caramel or salt. Just sweet goo. I don't think we even finished it. The banana brulee tart was good, though not as good as I remembered it. The hi-light of dessert, surprisingly, was the smores. I was a little jaded because it came with milk chocolate (I'm a die hard dark chocolate lover and you know what they say, one you go... nevermind) but damn, that thing was good. A little graham cracker crust filled with creamy milk chocolate and topped with a toasted marshmallow. That plate deserved to get licked! I had been here once before a few years ago for dinner and I was disappointed that the lunch menu only had sandwiches and salads on it. I understand the need to keep it simple and quick, but not even a single entree? Nothing was bad but aside from the onion tart and the smores tart, nothing was a standout. I was just a little disappointed.
3	If you are looking for a quiet place to enjoy a romantic meal, this is a great place. This is not a kid-friendly place to eat , nor a place you want to bring a loud friend, as everyone in the room will be involved in the conversation. (We all have one of those loud friends - you know what I'm talking about!)I love the attentive personal service - the owner was our server, and he was so nice! I gave it three stars because most of the food sounded better on the menu than it tasted,  but the cozy environment makes up for that a bit. If I were going to just sit there and not eat, I would have given the place four stars.I was one of the friends that had lunch with Camille H. She covered the food well, so just read thru her review for food details.
5	Coup des Tarte delivers exactly what its name suggests, a ravishing blow to the palette that storms your mouth by force and takes no prisoners.  The chocolate and caramel fleur de sel tart is a testament to the aphrodisiac quality of fine food, and it had me moaning at the table heedless of surrounding company, who conveniently were also moaning with pleasure after sampling the four berry tart with vanilla gelato, so at least I was in good company. The small converted house lends a homey, romantic feel with wood floors, soft curtained windows for natural light and warm walls that were decorated with a discerning eye for color.  The tables are small and a bit crowded, but are not close enough that you will end up distracted by surrounding conversation.  It is most assuredly not a place to bring a large group of people, with a count of four being about the max for a comfortably seated party.One thing I adore is that it's BYOB, which is a blessing because their menu is pricey enough as it is without tacking on the inevitable, exorbitant price of alcohol.  Instead they charge a nine dollar corking fee and provide all the necessary accoutrement for opening and chilling your selection during the meal. The appetizers are consistently delicious.  The three onion tart in particular is the perfect balance of sweet and smoky, with the tart crust and caramelized onions playing up the sweet side, and the smoky bacon with Gruyere cheese satisfying the savory.  It is an honest to goodness coup des tarte in your mouth, as has already been discussed.  The chevre cheese and tomato appetizer and country pate plate were also rich and savory, the walnut bread with the pate being particularly notable, although they lacked the complexity of the three onion tart and seemed much more savory. The entrees were perhaps the weakest portion of the meal, which was surprising considering they're naturally the most expensive.  The duck breast was cooked to perfection and wasn't too fatty, and the honey, lavender, rhubarb sauce was a beautiful compliment to the meat.  The accompanying green beans and mashed potatoes fell far short of the duck though, and could have used a more creative interpretation.  The Moroccan lamb shank with Israeli couscous and chickpeas, however, was off the charts delicious!  It was fall of the bone tender and all the components of the meal were highly complimentary.  The sea bass I've had on previous visits also suffered the same fate as the duck, with an ultimately well prepared and scrumptious protein accompanied by lack luster sides. But ultimately it is the dessert course that is the crowing jewel of this establishment. Don't say, "Well I never order dessert." Or "But I'm watching my weight."  Believe me, you want these perfectly prepared, sweet and salty concoctions to make love to your mouth.  Every tart I have ever tasted has elicited the same sleepy smiles of contentment and pleasurable moans.  In fact, it might even be a better investment to go a nontraditional route and just skip right from the appetizers to the dessert course.  That way you can order several varieties and indulge in blissful, sugary enjoyment.
5	Was here again tonight for the Prixe Fix meal! Amazing as always.Chevre Tomato- Amazing creamy goat cheese on toast points with fab tomatoes. Very mild, even my goat-hating hubby liked it. I only wished there was just one more! The mixed greens were a simple but perfect addition to the appetizer.Three Onion Tarte- Oh my god, foodgasm. I have got to learn how to make something vaguely similar. Sweet, savory, creamy... amazing. I could eat this all day every day until the end of time and be happy.Duck with Rhubarb Glaze- Simply amazing. Not gamey or greasy at all, the glaze perfect. The honey had caramelized and left a delicious crust at the bottom, Oh man. The potatoes are sinfully good as always, and the green beans so fresh and crisp it took me back to days on the Farm.Fettucine- Not a thick creamy sauce, so don't expect it. Fabulous just the same, but didn't hold the wow factor that the duck did. Lamb- I've had it before, and assuming nothing has changed, this is a large portion and very hearty, just fabulous, a real joy if you love lamb. The couscous and ragout is sooo good, it had the lady at the table next to me moaning. See? Foodgasm. Its real.We then added on the interesting cheese platter, something I highly recommend doing if you have the belly for it, and describing it would take me an hour so I'll just leave you to explore that yourself ;)We had the salted caramel/chocolate tarte and the four berry tarte. I LOVE anything containing "salt" "caramel" and/or "chocolate" and this had it all. Sticks to your teeth and speaks to a woman's soul. Don't be afraid of the salt, ladies... chocolate looooves salt. So does caramel. What more do you want!?The four berry tarte was much lighter and a bit warm with wonderful vanilla bean ice cream, but it is what it is and nothing more... but hubby loved it.Thank you Coup des Tartes for yet another lovely evening with your wonderful attentive staff and your fabulous food. You made my hubby's birthday. Faneffingtastic!
5	I'm updating my review based on an other incredible meal at Coup Des Tartes on this past Thursday night.  I went with a party of nine. Most of our group ordered off of the Yelp Eats menu, but I mixed it up a bit and ordered off the regular menu instead (hence my review here instead of under the "Yelp Eats" listing).I started with the Roquefort Salad (the house specialty) - it was just as amazing as I remembered.  My fiance was literally "foodgasming" over the onion tarte appetizer (and I admit, my bite of that was pretty amazing) but the perfectly dressed salad filled with organic greens, roasted apples, toasted hazelnuts, dried figs & Premier Cru Roquefort had me pretty much there myself!The entrees at the table were pretty amazing too... I tasted the lamb (yum!) and the fettucine (delicious) - but I ordered the baby scallop appetizer with a side of spinach as my entree and I was extremely happy with my selection.  I actually kept my mouth shut during the dessert course, but from the looks of the various tarte selections at the table and how quickly they disappeared, it's safe to say that none were too shabby.  There were no complaints at our table.We love that Coup Des Tartes is BYOB - just a $9 corkage.  Our friends brought a Riesling from Germany, we added a Turley to the mix, and enjoyed a bottle Bordeaux as well.Rhiannon, our waitress, took great care of our party, and we cannot wait to return again and again!
2	Just left here not fifteen minutes ago.One table of ladies with one rude woman sat next to us. Not the restaurants fault, yet irritating that such people exist.Lemonade to drink, just fine as is.Brie Brulee 12Quite uninspired in presentation and the brie was very ordinary, my friends Mer and Mike serve one of much higher quality.French Dip Sandwich 12This one was with salad. Another lackluster presentation, but that would have been ok if were good. It was not, or at least to me. The beef was cut too thick and with it being too well done and the gristle made for a tough sandwich with little redeeming flavour.It was left half eatenChicken Cordon Blue 10I did not eat this, but Brice told me it was ok if all you were expecting is a chicken and ham sandwich. He did finish.We had mentioned we wanted to talk with someone about renting the extra room, or get a card. The wait person said ok after we are done she will send someone out.We did sit a while after we were done; no one came out or was a card offered. But it might have been because I guess I caught her off guard earlier.  In the middle of eating our sandwiches she asked if everything tasted good. I said no, she looked at me as if she did not understand, so I repeated that I did not like my food. Talk about someone's face changing from a smile to a deer caught in the headlights, she stammered and said sorry then ran off. NO question of why I felt displeasure or any thought of remedy. It did give us a chuckle with such lack of attention. But what it also did was make us reconsider if we should even think about the room for a party.So once again I am in the minority since no rave from me.Oh yeah and we had to ask for forks. Hahhahhahhah oh well.......
2	If you're on Twitter you'll see so many different places you can follow. Its cool to because they announce deals and such that are coming soon. For instance, Coup des Tartes tweeted that they would be running the Yelp Eats menu this past Friday and Saturday. I was super excited because the night I was supposed to go there was a family emergency and I had to cancel. Anyway, once we arrived we were given the standard menu so we asked about the Yelp Eats menu, "oh yeah sure". What was brought back was not the Yelp Eats menu but some 3 course prix fix menu for $25 that didn't even have one Yelp Eats item on it. No onion tart, no lamb shank etc.. VERY disappointing and irritating. Do not call a Ferrari a Corvette, no matter how you slice it, they aren't the same thing. Anyway.. ended up ordering the pate and onion tart appetizers. The pate is not house made and tasted like liverwurst, the onion tart was very good. However, once we learned that there was no wine service and a (correction, not $12) $9 corkage fee, that was the nail in the coffin, we were out the door. At the end of the day they falsely tweeted to get customers in the door then try to pass off something that isn't. Very misleading, the classic bait and switch apparently still works.
3	I have had mixed experiences at Coup Des Tartes.  My husband and I have gone there a few times for dinner.  The first couple of experiences were great but we had a not-so-great dinner the other night and it cost enough that I felt the need to yelp about it.  First of all, they have a great menu and I really like the fact that they are BYOB for beer and wine (which ends up saving a significant amount of money).  A small downer is how closely the tables are placed together.  Be prepared to hear the conversation of everyone around you, and to have them hear yours.  It would be really nice to have 25% less tables in the place.In the past we have tried the cheese plate appetizer, the onion tart appetizer, the Bree and pear appetizer, and the Filet entree, and a couple of their tart desserts.  They were all really good. The steak was cooked well and both the savory and sweet tarts were really yummy.  Last week we went in for my husband's b-day; it was a busy Saturday night.  The place was packed and their banquet facility next door was also serving guests.  We ordered a couple of appetizers; they were really slow getting to the table, but good to eat.  We had both ordered the lobster risotto for our entree at the same time we ordered the apps.  The entrees were also really slow getting to us.  When I tried to use my fork to cut into the lobster tail, it was like rubber.  The top of the tail was like a solid sheet of rubber and then the meat below was dry and really over cooked.  Both of us had this problem and so did the table next to us.  At $38 a pop, everyone was really disappointed.  We didn't bother to send it back because I am typically against doing that at restaurants.  I am sure they would have re-cooked us new lobster tails, but who knows how long that would have taken.  We will try Coup Des Tartes again but probably not on a Friday or Saturday night.  If we have another bad experience, that will be the end of this place for us.If you want to save some cash at Coup Des Tartes, you can get a $25 gift certificate for $10 on restaurant.com.  You can only use one per visit and you have to buy to entrees, but it will save you $15!
4	Unique food, great atmosphere, pricey but worth a trip for special occasions.
3	After Yelp's amazing reviews, we decided to check this place out with a couple of friends. Initially, I was super excited from the outside with this cute little French restaurant. The service was nice and the owner even came by our table to greet us....THEN, the food came. The tomato and pepper soup was DRENCHED in salt. Our party had two members with high blood pressure so the soup was subsequently passed to me. Then, came the meal. The opah - which was the special of the night and recommended by the owner - smelled so so bad. It tasted just as bad. The duck, which was supposed to be their more recommended dish, was covered with fat. Ugh. They refunded our opah but gave us back our gift certificate, which we probably have to throw away now since none of us are bothering to come back.
4	In short: What a gem of a restaurant, fresh and delicious and the tarts are a must try.I've been here a few times since I discovered it in Yelp eats week.  The food is amazing, everything is properly prepared with flavor, texture, and presentation in mind.  I've never walked out of here unhappy.It's a very cozy place at times feels a bit crowded but everything inside is in good taste.  Staff is very polite and helpful.  It's a BYOB so make sure to grab a few bottles of wines if you are planning on heading there.  A small corkage fee applies per bottle but not a big deal for me. As the name indicates the tarts are the star here, I recommend starting off with the onion/gruyer tart and then saving some room for one of those deserts tarts at the end.  They are amazing, and once in a while they have special seasonal creations.  My favorite here's probably the lamb shank or the seared duck breast but you can't go wrong with anything you order.  Keep en eye on their website, periodically there are really good deals.
4	I never go to BYOBs, but I gave this one a chance because of a friend's recommendation. The restaurant is in what looks like an old house that was converted. It has seating inside and outside, I was seated inside and enjoyed the decor. The service was good, but there weren't many people there, so it should have been. For an app I had the brie and really liked how it was served. The brie itself was good, but it came with sliced pears and caramelized apples that were great. The bread was small pieces of toast and I would have liked a soft bread, but I still enjoyed it. For my entree I had the duck, which was very tasty and it came with masted potatoes that were a great touch. I also tried the filet that was on a bed of creamy horseradish. I loved the horseradish, usually I don't care for it, but it went so well with the steak that I even tried it with the duck. It is an expensive restaurant and I do not like that they charge a high corking fee for alcohol, but the food impressed me and it had a nice, romantic feel. I would go again, especially to try the lobster risotto on their menu.
2	To be fair I've only eaten there once - tonight - and all I had was a salad and brought my own wine.  Still, my tab:  $27.   Ouch!  I can appreciate a corkage fee, but I'm scratching my head in a way... it wasn't a $100 bottle... more like $10.  The staff didn't open it, touch it,  decanter it, chill it, pour it.  They might have not even seen it, but for my asking.As for the salad, it was good, but nothing one can't make at home for a few dollars.  Greens, apple slices, a few figs and some bits of Rock cheese (or sub any blues).     Combined with the corkage, I thought it was overpriced and easily replicated for a portion of the cost.Likewise, my friend had the Brie cheese appetizer, which was pretty much a big chunk of Brie served with bread and fruit.   It looked great, tasted great, but honestly is something one can put together after a shopping trip to TJs.  It's a charming place, nice staff and I can see how it's popular.  And as mentioned, I've only gone once so maybe the entrees will prove to be outstanding.
5	Good lord, i honestly can't imagine anyone giving this place less than 5 stars. I would have given 6 if yelp let me.Where do I start? I've been here two times and haven't had the same appetizer, salad, entree, or desert twice. Coup des Tartes is batting 1000 across the board.First of all, the prices are very reasonable for what you are getting. This is first class, gourmet French cuisine where the salads run $10-15 and the entrees $25-50 (for the filet mignon).I agree, the corkage fee does seem a little incongruous ($10 per bottle), but whatever. You are still paying less than you would trying to buy a bottle from a restaurant (assuming your wine costs more than $10 at Bev Mo).The service was crisp and well paced. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food is completely, and I mean /completely/ beyond reproach. This is by far the finest and most intimate dining experience I've had in Phoenix thus far and would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who appreciates excellent food.By the way, when the menu claims they have the best salmon you'll ever taste, it's not hyperbole.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It is quaint and quiet and the food is fabulous. We particularly like the BYOW (bring your own wine) because it adds that personal touch when you bring your favorite wine(s) for a special occasion. The menu changes seasonally and they always have a great selection. You never can go wrong with the brie plate or the onion tart. The desserts are all amazingly delicious as well. This is the perfect place for a romantic date with someone special!
5	My wife and I always look forward to our experience at Coups Des Tartes and we were not disappointed with our latest dinner. We booked online for an 8pm table and were our table was ready when we arrived. The owner greeted us and thanked us for coming again. We thought this was really nice. Our server was fantastic and invited us to open our wine while our Brie Brulee was prepared. She also suggested the special lamb appetizer. Both were absolutely delicious. The Brie plate was so good our neighbors at an adjacent table decided to order it for their post-meal cheese. As we filled up on starters we decided to split the Filet Mignon. We ordered it medium-rare and it was cooked to perfection. We also asked for a side of butternut squash risotto and it was some of the best risotto we've had outside of Italy. One cannot eat at Coups Des Tartes and skip dessert, so we went with the Pumpkin Tarte served with fresh cream and a light coating of candied pecans. It was an outstanding post meal sweet.  Coups Des Tartes is a great place for a romantic meal. We can't wait until our next meal. Five stars all the way!
3	If you don't head out much for "fancier" style restaurants,  pass this place by. There are plenty of other places that your hard earned money could be spent. My torte was microwaved, my salad was on a warm plate, my filet was fine but didn't have a fresh taste. I don't know...hoped for more.
5	My parents were in town a few weeks ago, and when my parents are in town, we like to take them to restaurants that they've never been to before.  My dad appreciates good food, and we had a feeling he'd like Coup Des Tartes, so that's where we found ourselves on that particular Saturday night.We brought the wine (a bottle of red and a bottle of white) and my parents picked up the tab... such a deal!  We were seated in the back room - one I'd never even seen before... there was just our table and three other tables in the little room.  I convinced my mom to share the signature salad with me to start... and although Jared asked my dad to share the onion tart as an appetizer, my dad insisted on ordering his own.  (It worked out though, so I was able to take a few bites of the tart too).  For our meals, my mom and Jared went with the chicken, I had the salmon, and my dad went for the steak.  My fish was cooked just perfectly and served with an amazing butternut squash risotto and some green beans too.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and despite the fact that we were all pretty full, we went ahead and ordered the mixed berry tart with four forks for dessert.  We cleaned that plate too.Needless to say, we were right about my dad enjoying his meal at Coup Des Tartes.  We've always had great meals at Coup Des Tartes and we're sure to be back again real soon.
5	My wonderful boyfriend took me here for my birthday and have been back once and am constantly looking for a chance to visit again and again and again and again!!!  Everything we have ever tried as been absolutely fabulous!
5	Shane decided to surprise me and made reservations for Coup Des Tartes for our Valentines Day dinner.  This venue is very charming and romantic.  It is always nice to get a little dressed up to eat some AWESOME food.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable.  She let us know that all of their foods are grown locally and organically.  I am a huge fan of supporting local organically grown producers.  I got a real at home vibe and could tell that they have a lot of regulars.  We both ordered cheese appetizers, which we could have had one and shared.  I had the Brie spread which was very soft and flavorful, especially matched with the pears.  Shane decided to try the  sampler of different cheese and for the most part was equally as good as the Brie plate.  I decided on the salmon with butternut squash and pumpkin seed risotto.  This was hands down the best match in flavors.  The salmon was very mild in flavor; however, mixed with a little risotto was very warm and flavorful, this dish would be a fall classic.  Shane decided on the fillet which looked great and was gone in 60 seconds.  This venue would be great to take a date or bring good friends to share a bottle of wine.  BTW you can bring your own wine with you and they only charge you a small corking fee.
3	There's just something missing at Coup Des Tartes. How do they say? "je ne sais quoi..."?The interior ambiance is perfect. Probably the highlight.On my most recent visit, I had the three onion tarte, which has a lovely sweet flavor and the salmon. The salmon was so ordinary. It was cooked well but something was missing from the preparation for me. However, I loved, loved, loved the savory butternut squash risotto. If only the salmon had been as "ah mah zing" (citing the menu) as the risotto was!I've had the chicken option before, too. It was just fine. But, nothing has blown me away. And, bringing your own wine to enjoy has the potential to really compliment the whole experience. Make it richer.  The fact that it'll cost you $9 minimum just to open it (a task you literally do yourself) is a sore spot for me. I think that corking fee is waaay too high! It's fun to go to coup Des Tartes because the ambiance and you know you'll order a tarte for dessert. It's like, that you'll enjoy dessert is guaranteed -- but, there's something -- that "je ne sais quoi..." that's still lacking...
5	YAY for another adventure to Coup des Tartes!!!  Prior to arriving I mulled & mulled & mulled over the menu & when we got there, it was different, no worries, because indecisive me was able to...BAM!...decide!!! Woo!As always the service is absolutely fabulously supreme!Ordered chevre/tomate (it's becoming a staple along with onion tarte), I ordered salmon & the opposite ordered pork tenderloin.  My salmon was good & the sides were DELICIOUS (not the same as the online menu) BUT, why is it that for me, the opposite plate of food always tastes better?
5	This may be one of the most romantic restaurants in Phoenix, but there was nothing romantic about the way I devoured my food today at Coup Des Tartes, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. I found Coup Des Tartes on a whim and decided it was the perfect spot for a girls lunch with some coworkers to just chill without the guys upon my return home. I was right on the money. The place is cozy and inviting and I love the house setting that just makes you want to let you guard down. Right near our table was a photo of a flower girl and ring bearer at a wedding, just like one you'd have hanging in the hallway at your house. Everything was beautiful, right down to the French limonade bottle used for our water at the table. I can also honestly say pretty much all the food is good, well at least the appetizers and desserts... we shared a lot of items and never made it to a main course. Here are the items we had (prepare for a long list):Soup of the Day (Roasted Red Pepper)Brie BruleeChevre / TomateThree Onion TarteLatte with a shot of hazelnutBanana BruleeChocolate Peanut Butter TarteI have to say that everything was truly decadent and I wanted to eat 50 more of them. The red pepper soup was the perfect starter and had just the right amount of flavor. The three onion tarte we split and downed within probably a minute or so!! This also came with a side of lettuce with a shallot vinaigrette for an added bonus (yum). I don't like tomatoes so I have to admit I didn't really have the main part of the chevre/tomate but the cheese and bread it was on was absolutely delicious. And the brie? Yum.... oh the beautiful brie. The carmelized apples on top..mmmmmmmmm an the fruits and bread with it really topped it all off perfectly.Just when we thought we were all done, we were told about banana brulee and chocolate peanut butter tart. How delicious were both of them. On what we thought were full stomachs, we devoured them whole while I also enjoyed a latte with a shot of hazelnut. It came with a cube of raw sugar and was placed in the most simple yet adorable coffee cup and saucer. In the end, the price was well worth it and the staff was amazing and kind. They gave us just the right amount of space and truly let us enjoy ourselves. The pounds my scale added to my weight afterward was well worth it. It just means salad and a run tonight :)Thank you Coup Des Tartes. I'll definitely be back. I haven't had a chance to try lunch or dinner yet :)
1	Yes, the food is good - some things, like the Brie appetizer are even great. I wanted to try the lamb, the house speciality, but they were out. My date's pork was good - the risotto it came with was delicious. My sea bass was slightly overcooked and I didn't care for the relish it came with. I like the ambiance, my date disagreed - he thought it was loud - it's true we could hear all the conversations around us; but food and ambiance aside, my gripe is with CST's customer service.I purchased a $25 gift certificate for CDT on restaurants.com a month ago. When we went to redeem it, we were told, "oh, i'm sorry, we don't honor those anymore...you should be able to contact restaurants.com and get a refund." End of story. No visit from the manager, no complimentary desert. Nothing.We were not the only people that came in that night trying to use our certificate, the table next to us also had one. We went in that night because of the certificate - some people get them to try a new place - i got it cause i needed a little extra incentive to go back to CDT - I remembered the food being good but a bit pricy - $25 off seemed like a nice discount. Whatever, the reason, restaurants count on sites such as restaurants.com to bring in people to their establishments. We upheld our end of the agreement - we went in, ordered more  than just the 2 entree min (app, salad, corakge fee) but CDT did not uphold their end of the agreement - and in my opnion, that is horrible customer service. The certificate was supposed  to be good for a year - it's not like we tried  to use it close to the expiration date, I tried using it one month after purchasing it. Even worse is that CDT has not contacted restaurants.com to let them know that they are no longer honoring it.Luring customers with a gift certificate and not honoring it is a bad business practice.
4	Matt took me here for my birthday- it was stellar.The one down side is that they have no alcohol license so there was no wine on my birthday.  If we were aware of this we might have taken our own bottle and paid the high price of 18$ corkage fee (ridiculous since they don't serve alcohol).  Anyways, it wasn't a BIG deal for us since I am pregnant and couldn't have drank more than a sip anyways!Just be warned.The filet was exceptional and the service was good also.  My steak was undercooked and they made it right without hesitation.  My husband had the lamb shank and it fell off the bone.  Great.We split the coconut/caramel tart for desert and it was tasty also. Highly recommend this place. Small and quaint so you will definitely need a reservation!  It is in a old/converted house so it has a European feel.  Nice for special occasion or a date. Not a big group place due to their size.
4	We would consider coup des tartes one of the best restaurants we have been to in phoenix.  The ambiance is charming, the service is unobtrusive, a wonderful place for date.We have been three times and never left disappointed.  Anything with a tart will be amazing (both sweet and savory).  The lobster parpadelle was fantastic and brie brulee is a delicious meal in itself.  The other entrees we have had were defitely above average.We love the byob aspect, but in reference to a recent post, I belive the corkage is not $18 but $9.I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
4	The Dinner dined at CDT on Thursday, April 29th for Dining Out for Life. First of all, props to this restaurant, and all valley restaurants, who agreed to donate 25% of their sales on this day to AIDS research and support organizations. Now, on to the food!We started with the Brie Brulee....nothing special, just a wedge of brie that had been warmed a bit in the microwave. Nothing that hasnt been done before (and better, by restaurants like Arcadia Farms). If I were you I would try something else, like the Pate or 3 Onion Tarte, but I couldn't talk any of my fellow diners into trying them...I guess they were feeling unadventurous. next course was the soup, that evening was roasted red pepper and tomato, which was quite good...fresh and flavorful...and the signature gorgonzola salad, which i think was the highlight of the meal. I will be back, if only for the salad!!Main course: 3 of us tried the pecan crusted chicken....which was flavorful, moist and tender, and was complemented well by the raspberry chipotle sauce it is topped with. The Chilean Sea Bass was good, but not great...the middle-eastern flavors of the dish didnt seem to complement the fish all that well....and the filet itself was good, but was drowned in an overpowering mustard sauce which overwhelmed the whole dish. Dessert: the highlight of the mean (other than the salad). They offered a selection of 4 tartes that evening, and we chose 3. The apple tarte, the samoa (for the best girl scout cookie ever) and a chocolate hazelnut tarte. Delish....everyone had a different favorite, but if you happen to think that the Samoa is the only girl-scout cookie worth ordering when those scouts come knocking, then you will die for the samoa tart.Overall: good food in a cute environment. Great salad and great dessert. This place is billed as "romantic" but we didn't find anything romantic about the place...lots of tables in a small space...and some of the entrees could use a little but more finishing. Overall rating = 3.5 stars, rounding up because of the desserts and the restaurant's participation in such a good cause!
4	My husband and I had "date night" here on Saturday.  I really enjoyed it, he thought it was average.  There is little ro no "curb appeal" when you get there, it looks pretty bad from the outside actually, but inside I thought it was very quaint and cozy.  I could see how it could get stuffy as others have mentioned, but we ate somewhat early and didn't feel that way even though it was 90 plus outside.  It can get loud inside too.  You'd like to think that people will be conscious of their surroundings and use their "inside voices" but....  If you are considering this place for more than 4 people, do all the date night couples a favor and go elsewhere.  It really isn't equipped to handle a larger group unless you eat outside.We knew in advance to bring our own wine, but I agree it would be nice to be able to order a cocktail.  It isn't like there is someplace next door you can grab one before you come in and sometimes you just want to start a nice meal with a little aperitif.  If they don't want to go for a whole liquor license, they could easily get a beer and wine and that would allow them to serve things like Lillet which would be a lovely way to start.We had the brie because it was one of their specialities.  I actually am not crazy about brie but wanted to sample it.  The fruit was all really good and fresh, but the portion of bruleed apples on top of the brie was very small.  A good concept for a dish, but execution could make it really shine.  The apples could be truly carmelized, more liquid apple juice and caramel, maybe with some spices, would be so excellent with fresh pear and baguette.I had the Taleggio salad and my husband had the tomato and mozzarella.  The Taleggio salad was great, very generous portion and well dressed.  The Tom/Mozza was very average - nothing at all special.My husband had the pecan crusted chicken and I had the lobster papardelle.  Both entrees were great, the proteins were cooked perfectly and seasoning was great.  I never found myself wanting to reach for the salt, which I often do.  We were too full to finish but leftovers were welcomed the next day.I wish I had foregone the Brie for dessert, we were too full to order a tarte and I think we really missed out.  That Samoa one sounded like heaven!  My husband thought it was overpriced for above average, but not great, food - if I can talk him into going back I will make sure and order that Samoa tart!
5	When we arrived, from the front of the building...it didn't look very promising and my heart kinda sank a little.  But once we got inside the courtyard...I actually felt like I was in Paris (except for the dry AZ heat).  We (there were three of us) took a table outside near the fountain and since it was BYOB and I had printed out a coupon for the free corking fee, we brought a bottle to accompany our meal.For starters, we had the cheese plate & the pate...and it was delish.  I got the duck and it was perfectly crispy on the outside, moist on the inside and full of flavors.  I don't recall what my companions had...but they equally enjoyed their meals.Consistent w/the service in Paris, we found the wait staff here to be efficient & brisk.My boyfriend is not a fan of uppity fancy restaurants...but he also really enjoyed the food and experience here.
2	The basics: nice atmosphere and good food, but a bit overpriced. Started out with the interesting cheese platter turns out that it is not $18 interesting. We then split a Roquefort salad. Quite tasty. We split two entrees - filet mignon and lamb shank. Filet was cooked well and sides were very good. Lamb shank was cooked well, but the sauce sucked. Dessert consisted of two tarts - Samoa and Four Berry. Four Berry was really good. Samoa was okay, but not great.All in all the bill was close to $150 without a drop of liquor.   For that kind of money we/you could have two meals elsewhere.
5	So I was taking a licensing class for my profession on Camelback and 16th Street....an area I have visited only a few times in the 25 years I've lived in Arizona (I am a blessed native Phoenician).  I kept trying to find a place to eat nearby that would be tasty, healthy, and where I could dine in an hour without eating horrid fast food. I happened upon Coup Des Tartes, and thought I'd give it a shot.I was elated! The atmosphere is charming and quaint, sending me back to the time of villas and simple yet delicious food. My Chicken Pesto Sandwich was absolutely to die for - the pesto is every bit as good as my Sicilian grandma's - a review that was received with excitement by the incredibly cheerful and warm staff!It was SO good in fact, that I went back the very next day and this time invited my foodie boyfriend - who had the sandwich I tried the day before - and was COMPLETELY wowed. My Brie and Ham sandwich was DELICIOUS. This is now my FAVORITE lunch place - if only I worked closer to Coup Des Tarte - I would be their most frequent patron.
5	I'm a little confused about some of the complaints Coup Des Tartes is receiving. First of all, I think their food pricing is very reasonable. I don't know too many places in town where you can order a $30 steak and get two sides without an additional charge for said sides. Second. I cannot believe anyone is complaining about the corkage fee! Restaurants traditionally double the price of wine on a menu so here is your golden opportunity to bring an awesome bottle of wine and ONLY pay an additional $10 fee! I would imagine if you brought a $10 bottle of wine you would be miffed...but just don't do that! Splurge a little! That $50 bottle would cost you $100 plus anywhere else!  Plus, since this little establishment does not have a license to sell wine, they are losing a ton of money that they could profit from if they did. I'm just saying. I, for one, appreciate only having a $10 markup on my wine. Anyway, I have been to this cute little place several times and am always thrilled. We were there a few weeks back for my husband's birthday and again had a wonderful experience. I started with the scrumptious Three Onion Tart, yum, all for myself! Sweet and savory and decadent...just how I like it! Paco (my hubby) ordered the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad which he said was "superb". For our entrees, birthday boy had the Filet Mignon, expertly prepared and  cooked rare, to his liking. I had the excellent Lamb Shank, which was extremely meaty and fall off the bone tender. I thought the sauce was excellent. However, I'm old school and prefer the smaller grain of couscous. This trend of the larger grained Israeli couscous doesn't thrill me, but c'est la vie. My meal was still delicious, just a personal preference. For desert, we kicked it Frenchie style and ordered the "Interesting Cheese" platter; which helped us finish off our amazing 2001 Heitz Cellar Cabernet ($60 at Total Wine plus paltry $10 corkage fee) in style. Yum. Also...thanks for lovely service, a great birthday, and our delightful maitre de from Manchester...we loved meeting you!
4	Always enjoyable, great ambience... and the folks are kind, even when I brought el cheapo wines when I first started eating here...We come a few times a year for the past 4 years... if the menu rotated more often w/ variety (not just changing from fish dish A to fish dish B), we'd certainly increase the visits.Especially love the interesting cheeses plate (more or less the same combo as far as I can tell these past few yrs) and the pate!
5	Lovely restaurant with exceptional food. I immensely enjoyed their recent $27 Prix Fix meal - BYOB of course. The ambiance and service make this restaurant a MUST for special occasions. I've done Mother's Day, Birthdays, Anniversaries and more and have been pleased with their extraordinary service and food.Highly recommended in my book if you're looking for a romantic, quiet restaurant that serves only the freshest, best local food available.LOVE IT!
4	I loved this place. My cousin took me here for the first time six years ago. I remember their slightly melted brie with fruit. I sometimes even ordered two.For dessert, their tarts were always fresh and delicious. I would stop by sometimes just to pick up a fruit tart. Their lemon tart was tangy and good. Everything I've tried has been great, but it's their brie and fruit tart that caused sighs of happiness.
4	Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  I typically order the Filet (which is excellent)when I am here, however this time I thought I would be more adventurous and try the house special grass fed Australian lamb.  The dish was very flavorful, the vegetables excellent and the meat simply fell off the bone.  The atmosphere and the food put this place up as one of the best in Phoenix.
4	Went here for restaurant week.  Food was great.  Our server wasn't much to write home about.  I heard other servers describing dishes-for example the butternut squash soup had a kick to it as well as some pesto integrated.  My hubby had and it was yummy!  She did not indicate any of this and seemed rather clueless about the food when we asked opinions.   LOVED their lobster mashed potatoes, don't believe our bison was cooked to medium rare as indicated. FYI, there was apparently a mix-up with the price, $29 was indicated on the restaurant week website, but their menu said $39.  They were kind enough to honor $29 after we spoke up.
3	What's the Deal? (why the rating)I've been here 3 times in 10 years. Yes, that is not often. Why you ask. Let me tell you...Bang for the Buck: 2/5- I believe there are better places in Phx that have more creative dishes, just as high quality food and good service. And the corkage fee here is too high. $9 per bottle is high especially since they don't open the bottle and you must ask for a decanter if you want one. The first time I did not know and they were "out" of decanters... there were only 2. They need to adopt a $1/glass fee which would be more than reasonable to cover cleaning costs and also ask us if we want a decanter... and have enough for at least half the tables.Decor: 2/5- nothing special. Old house converted to a restaurant so it looks like a small plain old house with small dining tables in it.Ambiance: 3/5- very small, old house in a bad part of town. Just look for the thrift store on the corner and watch out for the homeless & transients so you don't hit them on your way into the parking lot - no joke, this almost happened Friday night.Not quaint, or romantic, or unique. You are crowded in a very small room with an 8 foot (low!) ceiling with a bunch of people. The place gets loud quickly. Not sure how people call this place romantic... I guess if you invite 30 other people to create noise in your bedroom when you are intimate with your partner, this is your kind of place ;-)Service: 5/5- very friendly and accommodating. I was not happy with my meal and they replaced it quickly and happily.Food Quality: 5/5- this is the standout here... food quality is very very goodFood Quantity: 3/5 - small portions for the price.Food Flavor: 4/5- they do very well in this area. all items we had were excellent.Food Uniqueness & Creativity: 3/5- they do ok here but not enough to warrant the high prices vs other places.Last Experience...9/24/2010We went for the $30 Restaurant Week menu. The lamb shank was excellent, this is a house favorite. They also has bison steak with a nice mushroom burgundy sauce. The sauce flavor was excellent but the bison was very tough and hte portion was the size of a thick silver dollar - not an exaggeration. It was like 2-3 bites worth.  They said bison is so lean that it is tough. I could not enjoy it so they offered to replace it for me which was appreciated since I loved the lamb shank.
5	If memory serves me correctly, this might have been the best lunch I've ever had. (maybe the most $$$ as well, goes hand-in-hand). Melted Brie with grilled apples, pears, strawberries? YUM ! 3 onion Tarte? Very sweet, BUT the Sav Blanc cut through the sweetness with it's grassy edge & complimented it perfectly (you have to bring your own, if you don't already know). The spicy Asparagus soup? SLURP! (again, i never thought I'd say this, but the wine went perfectly & cut through the heat quite nicely). Filet Mignon on cibatta was interesting: diced, served with avocado, but the downer was that it suppose to be served with pomme frittes, but it came with like frito lay ripple chips - kinda really ruined the presentation - big time. Italian coffee - o ya. Chocolate Mint Grenache nauche Torte ? Heaven, I'm in heaven... The half point demerit, or star - Wait a minute - u cant do that here !!! if i could, I would - the incessant pounding and banging in the kitchen !! They were tenderizing meat almost the entire time here - Grrrr - it's a very tiny place, so yes, we could definitely hear it. alot. That said, it was a great afternoon. Very special.  But certainly not in the pocket book to frequent again in the very near future.  Next business dinner I would love to suggest the private dinning room & lounge for sure !
4	Soooooooooo Good!!!Went there for restaurant week, and was super impressed!  3 courses for only $29!?!  Hell yeah!  Started with the onion tart, which was AMAZING!  Then moved onto the lamb (which was great, but I prefered the sea bass)  and finished with a chocolate carmel tart thing.  Yummy!!Near the end of the dinner, we realized that our waitress was also the pastry chef.  After complimenting her on how amazing the tarts were, she game me a box of the onion tart to take home with me!  The greatest!  Not quite as good when reheated, but still amazing!  Can't wait to go again!  (Though I may have to wait till restaurant week again, cause they are a bit pricey otherwise.)  Oh, and just FYI, this place is BYOB with a $10 corking fee per bottle.
4	Went there for Arizona Restaurant week and discovered a gem!    Food was excellent, service great and ambiance charming.  The only negative is that it is located in an area that seems a little run down.
4	Alright, me and my husband come in once a month and most recently came in a few days ago and had the BEST lunch. We both ordered the Morrocan Lamb Sandwiches, his with pomme frites and mine with a salad. We then split a Mocha Pecan Tarte Which was WHOA amazing. Actually it was better than that but you'll just have to try it for yourself.  This is definitely a great place if you want to get away from horrible chain restaurants and experience a cute mom and pop establishment where the customer service is warm, friendly and attentive and remembers you every time you come in. The food is fresh and unique. Others have complained about how small the place is-but that's the point people...to get away from the cookie cutter type restaurants. (It's a old bungalow that has been renovated into a restaurant.) Coup Des Tartes is a perfect place for a romantic meal or top notch desserts...which are so few and far between in Phoenix.  I didn't want to put a review up because I didn't want them to be slammed all the time. Us regulars keep treasures like Coup Des Tartes a secret so that we can marvel at our good eats without waiting in line for a table! Since I am moving out of town, I feel that someone should benefit from the good food and take up our regular spot. Cheers!Oh BTW-the fact that they are also BYOB makes them even cooler.I also like the diversity I see at Coup Des Tartes. You'll spot anyone from hipster teens to lunch-break suits and all in the quest for delicious fresh food.
3	If you want to take your significant other out for a nice quaint getaway this is a good place to go.  Very pricey for what you get however.  It is BYOB with an outrageous corking fee IMHO.  Food was prepared very well. Was a little disapointed in the salad but the main course and dessert were spectacular.  The other issue was that we had a reservation and still had to wait about 30 minutes with no place to sit down.
4	Romantic BYOB place.  A little pricey, the food tends towards meditteranean/french influence but tasty.  I come really for the desserts (which they will do for take out).  A nice place for a lunch or romantic dinner.  Also, you can have them cater baby showers and birthday parties in the house next door.
4	Coup Des Tartes is a lovely little gem in the heart of Phoenix. The restaurant itself is an old 1930's farmhouse -- small and quaint. I've read some other reviews that described it as cramped (which I can understand), but my husband and I were placed at a very romantic table in the corner and felt very cozy. This is a beautiful local to celebrate a romantic occasion (my husband took me for New Years eve). Our highlights were the Brie Brulee and Mushroom Tart (which I don't think is a permanent fixture on the menu). The desserts were to-DIE-for! I swear, I'm still savoring the raspberry chocolate torte. Some day, I want to return for a 3-course dessert-for-dinner meal. One important note: The restaurant is BYOB. The only self- conscious moment was when I felt neighboring tables giving our wine the once-over.  Given I'm uneducated when it comes to wine selection, I'm hoping my husband selected a "nice" wine from our selection and that we were getting approving looks from those tables...but heck, who cares!  I loved the service, the ambiance and the food!
4	Thank you A for inviting me to dine at Coup Des Tartes.  I love that it was a BYOB place.  We were told that we only have 45 minutes to dine due to all tables were reserved. That means to eat quickly and dash out.   We seat in a little corner, but I can't help admiring the French elegant decor all around us.  We had ordered the Roquefort salad, mixed of organic greens, roasted apples, dried figs, toasted hazelnuts & Premier Cru Roquefort.  This was probably the best salad I had so far.  It was that GOOD!  We thought it was funny that they would have a dish named "Jose Pasta" at a French restaurant.  So we decided to give it a try.  It was linguine tossed in a chili garlic cream sauce with vegetables and parmigiano-reggiano. You can add chicken for $5 more.  The linguines were well cooked with light cream sauce and a little kick.  I think it's still missing something in the dish, but I'm not sure what.  It does go well with the wine.  According to the Waitress, the Chef had made the dish for himself one night, but the employees tried and liked, so now it's on the menu.  After the main course, we had ordered the Mocha Pecan Tarte.  It was a petite warm pecan tart with chocolate, Kahlua, and vanilla ice cream on the side.  This was not meant to be shared. Sorry, A! : )  Shortly after the dessert arrived, we didn't have much time to enjoy it.  We were told by one of the Waitresses that our time is almost up.  If you want to enjoy full French experience here make sure you have reservation.
4	We used a Groupon at Coup des Tartes last week. What a cute little place! We decided we were going to indulge and started with the three onion tarte (per recommendations in other yelp reviews) and their roasted red pepper soup. The onion tarte was rich and pretty much melted in your mouth. I'm not normally a crust person, but theirs was very good. I love roasted red peppers, but I'm not a huge fan of soup versions. My boyfriend liked the spiciness of it, to me it was okay. We also ordered the arugla, artichoke, and tomato salad. This was also okay to me. I ate some, but decided it was more important to save room for our entrees. The entrees were impressive. We had the filet (very tender) and the lobster (great accompanying sauce). We also ordered dessert (mainly based on several raving yelp reviews). My boyfriend had a banana dessert and I had the mixed berry tarte. I loved the berries, but overall the dessert was a little sweet for me.Some hits, some almost misses, but overall I'm a fan.
4	Had lunch today with my husband.  There were only two vegetarian options on the menu (not counting appetizers).  It was a choice between a rocquefort salad and another salad.  I got the first.  It was very good.  Loved the cheese, the figs, the warm apples and the toasted hazelnuts.  I was still hungry when I finished it though.  Had wished I had gotten a brie appetizer.  Wished they served some bread with the meal.  Wished the soup of the day- Butternut Squash was vegetarian instead of made with chicken broth. So I was stuck ordering a dessert because I did not want to leave hungry.  Got the sour cream key lime pie.  OMG!!!  So good!  Was the highlight of lunch... such a treat.My husband got the special of the day which was ahi tuna tacos and a mint iced tea.  He was highly impressed- said the tacos were better than the ones at Hula's Modern Tikki.Bill was $53 after tax and an $8 tip.
4	OK, Sweet Pea and I love us some Coup, and it's not just because we've been coming here for years- since I lived across the street and could see the restaurant from my window- or because we got engaged here (which was incredible.)  It's because the food never disappoints.  You can go to restaurants and have varying experiences from the best meal of your life to terrible, but Coup is not the place for that.  It's consistent.  And consistent can be good, or bad.As consistently good as the food is, the service is likewise consistently slow (albeit friendly).  We went here for Valentine's day which we've been several times and I highly recommend.  It's romantic without being showy.  They have a special Valentine's Day set menu of 4 courses which is always interesting and good.  And, if you go on the day before Valentine's Day, they still have the menu, but it's cheaper.  Damn those greeting card "holidays".  The menu is also consistent.  The outstanding things are the brie brulee which is an absolute must-try as an appetizer, and the lamb shank.  Everything else is solidly good without being great.  The desserts are exceptional.  I like the BYOB aspect of the restaurant, although, they do charge you a lot for "corking fees", which amount to just charging you for nothing since they have a corkscrew sitting on the table and you are in charge of opening your own bottle.Coup, I love you.  You get 5 stars if you vary your menu a little, please, please, please get more vegetarian (if any vegetarian) options, and improve your service.
5	I am retiring and was asked where I would like to go to eat for my retirement dinner.  I thought French. Looked on Yelp and found Coup Des Tartes. Reviews were good so that was my choice. Seven people went. My boss his boss who was paying, my wife and three friends. We got two appetizers. Chevre/Tomate and Interesting Cheese. Both were excellent choices. I got the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad. It was OK but I would get something else next time. My wife got the Taleggio Salad and said it was very good. I was torn between getting the Ahi Tuna and the Lamb Shank. I asked the server and she said the Lamb Shank is one of the specialties. So I went with the lamb. Great choice. My wife has to be on a no meat diet so she had the Coup Veggie Pasta. She commented that it was excellent. Then came desert. By now I have had way more to eat than anyone should but I wanted to end this night with a desert. I had the Four Berry Tart. Great choice. I am sorry I did not get the waitresses name. She was very attentive and helpful. Dinner lasted from 6:30 to 9:30. Many stories about work and my 39 years with the company. On leaving I had several people in the group come up and say what a good choice I had made. Everyone really did enjoy their meal. I will go back again. You should go also. You will not regret going the food is the best I have had in Phoenix to date.
5	This place is literally 2 miles from my house, I see it almost everyday. Well, finally after months of it teasing me, my boyfriend surprised me and took me here for my birthday last night. I absolutely loved it! I must admit, I'm a sucker for small, cozy restaurants. So that was an already added bonus.We started the night off with Escargot, which I have never had. I gotta say, it's worth trying. Very unique...tasted unlike anything I've ever had. For our entrees I had the lamb and my boyfriend had the Lobster Risotto. My lamb was so tender! It came out nice and warm paired with couscous. Extremely flavorful! The lobster risotto was yummy too. Very cheesy. Risotto can be tough to make just right, but theirs was perfect.We finished it off with their chocolate tart. Chocolate ganache topped with whipped cream and toasted hazelnuts, it was the perfect ending of a perfect evening. Service was great and the ambience was low-key and cozy. Definitely a great date spot.Oh, this is a BYOB restaurant which unfortunately we did not know. The do charge a $9 uncorking fee, but it's cool to sip on your own wine during dinner.Great spot. Expect to end up with about a $90 bill for 2 people though.
5	We went here for dinner....had dined here before; however, this time, we were fortunate enough to have a Groupon. I would dine there without it any day of the week. We love the byob...since that allows us to have a reallllly good bottle of wine ($9 corking fee - nice) with an excellent meal. Highly recommend it...best meal I've had out...probably since Binkley's and that's saying something!
5	We opted to sit in the patio area since they had the AC running kind of hard inside.  It was a very charming brick patio area with large shade trees, water feature, and candles and other lighting everywhere.  The unnoticeable speakers played soothing music which wasn't too loud or too faint.  Just perfect.We ordered the 3 onion tarte for appetizer which was very delicious.  The crust was perfect and the inside wasn't overwhelming in any way.  It came on a bed of greens which had a cheesy dressing that I didn't like (a very light coating, but I don't really like that type of cheese).  I ordered the lobster and my friend the lamb shank for entree.  Both were delicious, but I would recommend the lobster and the lamb only if you really like mediterranean type food.  We got the 4 berry tarte for dessert which was excellent.  The tart crusts in general were just perfect.  Overall, loved the atmosphere - mix of stately and quirky - and loved the food.  The owner's very nice and introduces himself to everyone and checks into everyone's evening.  The cost is kind of prohibitive to going weekly, but would definitely check out the posted menu for the season for a yearly treat.
5	I am usually quite stingy with my five star rankings, but this place deserves one of them!  My husband and I came here to celebrate our 6 month anniversary and were impressed.  I ordered the lobster with risotto, but wanting something heartier, my husband leaned toward the lamb shank.  However, he's not a fan of couscous and although the menu says that substitutions are kindly refused, we asked our waitress and she didn't hesitate to give us other options.  So don't be discouraged, it pays to ask!  We had mashed potatoes instead, and it was fantastic.The lamb shank was hearty, fork melting goodness with a great red wine sauce.  The lobster was perfectly cooked so that it didn't get close to rubbery, but didn't make you feel like you were eating sushi.  The risotto was creamy and a perfect balance to the light lobster.Lastly, we had a terrible time trying to decide which tarte to try, finally, having the four berry tarte with ice cream. If we hadn't been so full, we probably would have ordered more than one. The tarte came out piping hot, with melty ice cream on top.  The crust was perfect, not too sweet, and crumbly.  Make sure to make reservations and save room for more than one tarte!
3	I can't even believe I'm giving CDT a 3 after all the raves I've read over the years. I'm a Phoenix Foodie living within a mile of the place, and now I know why my intuition told me to not rush.I'm all for eating local, even more for local ingredients -- but the flavor at CDT was not spectacular. Competent, yes, but more on that below.First, the service. Had a reservation. Waited in foyer for ten minutes for a host to show up at the desk. So did another couple. Nobody came by to say I'll be right with you. Not even the servers that passed through the space dared make eye contact. Wow.Second, the menu. After looking it over, nothing really seemed to stand out as exceptionally prepared. We ordered the 3 onion tarte on the world's recommendation and it delivered. Chevre + tomato salad was fine. I'll come back next time I want the onion tarte.Entrees were the Filet Mignon and Chicken. The only word I can conjure for these dishes is forgettable. Everything seemed kind of wet, and the chicken was not tender. The filet was not full of flavor. My husband appreciated the texture of the spinach being treated with care. The potatoes and vegetables were totally without character. They could have been from any other restaurant.Our conversation in the parking lot went as follows:  "I suppose if you don't know how to cook supper for yourself, that would have been a really satisfying meal." When I go out, I want to taste something I can't do myself.Third, the dessert. Nine dollar tartes... really? After the two courses we ordered, plus the time we had to wait to get seated and between courses, we were ready to bail.Fourth, the wine policy. I find it to be completely passive aggressive to charge an uncorking of $9 for pairing with such middle of the road food. So what if the fee is de rigeur? I'm probably the first to say it here, but the emperor has no clothes.I'm happy to pay for great food and wine. Good thing there's plenty fresh talent in Uptown Phoenix to keep the next generation of diners entertained.Sorry CDT,I expected moreyou delivered less. I'm not your target marketI guess?
5	My wife and i went to Coup De Tartes for our second anniversary and we weren't disappointed.  We were seated outside and created a nice atmosphere with the lights and the fountain, perfect for our evening. I would probably only want to sit outside unless it was super hot.The service was very good. Our server was very attentive.As for the food, it was very excellent! My steak was really good. My plate also had mashed potatoes and spinach.  I just wish I had more when I was done, but was quite full after the meal and some bread beforehand.MY wife had the house special of the evening-halibut and said it was one best good fish she's had.We ended the evening with dessert. I was only going to have a bite or two, but after my first bite of the berry tart, I changed my mind and ended up eating more, much to the chagrin of my wife.The only downside is parking. There is only a selected amount of spots.Make sure to make reservations and bring your own wine/beer.
4	Maybe I set my expectations too high for Coup De Tartes. I expected to love it, I only liked it. The boyfriend and I went there on a Friday night. I was in the mood for some amazing food in a romantic setting. I got good food in a kinda cramped, but cute setting with weird lighting.We were placed in a back room where there were 4 tables. It was pretty cramped and with everyone talking it got pretty loud. The lighting was from a ceiling lamp with weird bulbs. Not real bright but not really dim enough to be romantic. I dunno, it felt weird.We started with the brie brulee. It was good, not amazing but good. I was glad to have plenty of bread though - some places only give you a few pieces. The cheese to toast point ratio was great!For our entrees I ordered the lobster with risotto and boyfriend got the steak with potatoes. For mine, the best part was the risotto. It was cheesy and flavorful and a nice compliment to the lobster. The asparagus was also done well. Boyfriend liked his steak but it wasn't the best he's had.We skipped dessert. They only had fruit tarts and we were hoping for something more in the chocolate family.Overall I liked it, I can't say the food was bad but I don't know if I'd rush back. For an $80-$100 dinner I can think of places I'd like to go more.
5	As good as it gets is right. I did not expect to find such a wonderful little place in PHX. This is a place you'd expect to find in SF...Great food, wonderful staff and a charming atmosphere.I highly recommend it for lunch or dinner.Our party went there for lunch and we had a combination of salads and sandwhiches but I made sure to see what else came out of the kitchen. Out food was very good, well seasoned, perfectly cooked and the "observed" food looked great, too.As European, I have to say, tres bon!I'd go back every chance I get.
5	Being a lovely day out, we had to sit on the patio. It was perfect. I started off with the Onion Tarte, which was much more delicious than I was expecting, and I had high expectations going into it. It had so much character without the onion playing an overbearing role. The bacon complimented it perfectly, then again I'm a sucker for bacon. I highly recommend the dish. The filet mignon was cooked to perfection, as always. The Four Berries Tarte was perfect, it wasn't overly sweet and left me with the most satisfying smile.
2	I had been wanting to try Coup des Tartes for a long time and was VERY disappointed! First, kudos to management for their flexibility in allowing me to make a reservation for a date past the expiration date of my Groupon--much appreciated! Service was very good. FOOD: Bread was plentiful and good. The appetizers were WONDERFUL--the brie was very good (love the candied apple) and the onion tart (while a bit small in portion size) was over the top delicious! The entrees, however, were fair. My husband ordered pork tenderloin which wasn't particularly tender and was bland in flavor. I ordered the much ballyhooed lamb shank and found it to be lackluster--the sauce was good, but the lamb was just OK and overall it lacked flavor. I've had much better lamb elsewhere.I was VERY surprised, given the many raves here on Yelp! The entrees were especially disappointing given they were rather expensive. Lots of other restaurants at this price point and below with much better food than we experienced.  Unfortunately, I didn't have time to try dessert. But I won't be going back. :(
4	First and foremost if you're planning to go...get some good wine or find a friend with a taste for the stuff and have them pick you out something to bring, they do not have any on hand and their food goes very well with it.We started off with the 3-onion tarte which was absolutely delicious, perfectly baked and you could taste each of the three throughout the tarte.  I chose the chicken and my partner in crime chose the lamb shank.  The chicken was again cooked just right and the sauce complimented both it and the seasoned mashed potatoes wonderfully.  The green beans that came with it had a great flavor but I felt they weren't cooked enough, felt more raw than al dente.  I had some of the lamb shank, it was literally falling of the bone and a fork was all that was needed to pull off pieces to dip in the harisa-flavoured couscous.  Now I'm not one for the game flavor of lamb and this had none of the taste, just a wonderful taste overall.We settled for the special of the night, a pear tarte with french vanilla ice cream.  The perfect ending to the dinner.  The sugary filling did not detract from the pears and went well with the ice cream.  Even though I had a groupon for this experience, I can say the experience of such a small and intimate setting will make me want to come back many more times.This place is definitely somewhere to take a first date you're wanting to sweep them off their feet, or panties.
5	We had high expectations and were not disappointed. We brought our own wine, made reservations and everything went smoothly. We were greeted at the door by the owner who introduced himself and seemed very pleasant which was refreshing. We were seated promptly and the server was right there to start us off. We selected the onion tart appetizer. It was good....really good.....we devoured it.  Our main course was lamb for her and filet for me. The lamb literally fell off the bone. It was served with a medley of other treats including figs which were very tasty. My filet was cooked just right and served with a generous side of asparagus and some of the best risotto I have had in a very long time. There was this blend of cheese and sweet Moroccan spices in the risotto that was to die for....I think I might have actually blacked out for a moment while eating it. Hell, I am getting light-headed remembering the flavors as I write this review. We finished by sharing the four berry tart for dessert which was good. It wasn't too sweet and it let berries do most of the talkin'.Our server was a lovely gal who was pregnant. I only mention this fact because I can't remember her name but she was terrific and did a great job. The dining area is small and intimate but we knew this before we went so it was not a problem at all. In fact looking back I rather enjoyed our small corner table next to the widow. I don't dole out 5 stars very often but this place really got it right.
5	I went here with my family and was very impressed by both the service, the food, and the atmosphere. On the outside the restaurant doesn't look like much, but when you go in it is very cozy.  It is small, but they do have a room for bigger parties.  The restaurant is very romantic and also good for families.  They made sure my 3 year old nephew had his food out within minutes of our arrival, even though the entire party has not yet arrived.The food was great and it was fun to just sit back, enjoy the company, and fill up. They don't rush you at all. I had the halibut and the fish itself was very well cooked, but I didn't like the coconut topping that came with it.  The brie plate was delicious.  The only downside is the price. The food is expensive, but if you don't mind - I think it is a great place for family meals or a romantic night out.
4	I love tarts and WOW, Coup Des Tartes has some amazing tarts! I felt like I took a 3 hour trip to one of my favorite restaurant/bakeries in Germany! This place is so quaint and adorable it is easy to pass it by because it looks like a little cottage off of 16th Street (well, because that is what it is). We had the onion tart as an appetizer and it was quite tasty. The salad was just a salad. We ordered two entrees and shared because everything sounded really good on the menu. The Filet Mignon was perfectly cooked with mashed potatoes; it was nothing too exciting really as it was a typical filet. But, the halibut was amazing! It came with sea beans, which I had never had before! They are kind of like a cross between asparagus and green beans with a natural salty taste to them (they grow by the sea).  Atop all of that was a coconut oil sauce of some sort, which was VERY yummy!  The halibut was a delicious unique meal all around. We learned all about our food from our outstanding waitress, who did a superb job the whole evening. She also said their specialty is lamb, so I will be back to try that dish for sure. My only complaint is the corking fee seems a bit steep, however all in all the meal is worth it! Also, if you forget your wine like I did (this place is BYOB), Total Wine is 2 blocks away :) I had to save the best for last...dessert! Order any tart; I am sure it will make your taste buds happy!!
2	Well, this is the 2nd time my fiance and I have been here. I must say, I'm disappointed.  We came during AZ Spring Restaurant week, so the menu was limited- we had the filet, the short ribs, cesar salad, tortilla soup, chocolate tarte, and berry tarte, ALL were excellently tasty! What I didn't like is their problem with gratuity. The first time we went here, they tagged on a 20% gratuity to the bill for no apparent reason- "meh, maybe its their policy". So, this time the restaurant week menu specifies that gratuity  will be added to the ticket- but the older folks next to us (mind you, the tables are VERY close together) ordered the EXACT same thing and their ticket was $15 less than ours. Disappointing- especially since the pregnant waitress in flip-flops took care of almost the entire dining room and paid very little attention to us. So, we're a bit disappointed by this discrepancy, and won't be returning. Too bad, the chocolate tarte was delish.
5	Don't know why I only gave it 4 stars last time, but this place is deff worth 5!  Everything is still as delicious as I remember from last time, if not better.  Can't wait to go again sometime soon!
2	Ok, so this was really incredibly depressing.  We had heard such wonderful things about this place, and even really enjoyed mother's day brunch here.BUT, when we went here last night for our anniversary dinner, it was incredibly lackluster.  the brie brulee was ok.  my husband's filet was very underwhelming (though the risotto was delicious), my pork was good, and the four berry tart was yummy.The problem was that we could have spent that money somewhere else on an even better meal.  Having moved recently from San Francisco, we try to stop ourselves from over criticizing, but we've found some real gems in Phoenix.  Coup des Tartes is not one of them. :(
2	We had a great night here last night for our anniversary and we brought our 23 year old son from Los Angeles to celebrate with us. We loved our night, but that was mostly because we were with this young guy who we don't get to see very often. The white bean soup had very few white beans and was basically an overly-salty italian soup. The filets were delicious but extremely overpriced as was the pork tenderloin. The service was great, and they brought a few strawberries and some whipped cream as an anniversary treat for us. We like Coup des Tartes but the only time we can afford going here is when they offer a Groupon or some discount. Honestly, the prices on their regular menu are just sky high. It's very disconcerting when you first walk in and look at the menu. I hate to see another restaurant that we enjoy being converted to another one of those places that ONLY works when you have a Groupon in hand. I'd like to suggest to the owners of Coup des Tartes that they take a serious look at the menu pricing and cut it back a bit. Stop with the Groupons and focus on providing a value and we'll be there once a week.Review Updated on 8/7/2012:Wow, did we have a disaster with this restaurant. I originally gave it a three star rating. I think their food does still merit a 3 star, but I am going to downgrade them one notch for the way I was treated the other day.We had a Groupon (yes, they still focus on those promos) and it was going to expire in five or six days. We left a message early AM for a reservation for that night, and then never had a returned call. That was the first bad sign. When we called back and spoke to the owner, the guy was rude and just plain nasty. No, they had no reservations that night, and the other nights we suggested (mid-week) they couldn't get us in before 9 or 9:30 and so on . . .  Later, I called Groupon and asked what they suggest. They told me that as long as you make your reservation before the cut off date, the restaurant will still honor your full value of the Groupon on the date you go in, even though it is after expiration. I called and unfortunately the same guy got on the line. "No way" he replied - "That's not how we work Groupons. You only get half the value - the amount you paid." So I put him on the line with the Groupon rep, who told us both that the guy has to honor the Groupon. Well, he opted not to do so and hung up. Honestly, this restaurant is cute and the food's not bad, but with an owner like this, why patronize them? On Saturday, when we could have been in there arguing with this fellow over our bill, we chose to have dinner at Durant's. Now THAT is a 5 star romantic restaurant. Please, avoid places like this where management is not on your side, the customer.
4	Coup des Tartes is clean fresh French food. The summer menu was perfect. I enjoyed the Chevre Tomata appetizer and the pasta. My husband enjoyed the soup de jour and the peppered filet. I was shocked he even enjoyed the capers. The "hash brown potatoes" and spinach were a perfect accompaniment. Our bill was $84 without tip including corkage. I love that the restaurant is BYOB with amazing food. I decided it must be moved into my regular rotation even if it is a bit of a drive for us. They also run Groupon specials.
5	I took a date here for Valentines day and I must say that the food is GREAT! it has a really great feel to it. I  just wish I would have taken someone that did not piss and moan so much. lol. at least the food was good.
4	Nice cozy place. A bit pricey. Used a groupon to go for the first time which helped the bill.
4	I travel extensively on an expense account and regularly dine in wonderful restaurants around the country.  Without a doubt, Coup Des Tartes is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix and among my favorite in the country.  First thing you should know is that it's a BYOB establishment so bring your favorite wine and they'll take care of the rest.  The menu is grounded in fundamental French cuisine, but they expand beyond it.  It changes with availability of local and nearby fare but a few items seem to always be on the menu.  My favorites are the three onion tarte appetizer, the Roquefort salad and the sea bass (with sea beans if they are available).  And while I am a chocolate lover, I have to admit that the three berry (and any seasonal) tarte is amazing.  Great atmosphere.  Excellent place to bring a date ... it's an old house with a relaxed, French country feel to it.
5	The food was excellent, the ambiance cozy.  Great for date night!
2	Busy busy busy.. actually too busy.We made reservations and were sat promptly. Very small but warm. Staff was nice. You can tell it was a full house but just incredibly understaffed.Chow- After waiting an insane amount of time we ordered a cheese plate. Had a nice amount of cheeses and fruit. Nice start. I then ordered the lamb and my boyfriend ordered the pork. Mine looked like a piece of meat dropped in a bowl of Dinty's soup. Bleh. However, My boyfriend food was insanely Delicious. it had a raspberry chipolte glaze and goat cheese. Just melted in your mouth I was super jealous.Service- took forever until we saw our server in between ordering and it was over 45 minutes after ordering before our food arrived. It was awful. We did bring our own bottle of wine but sitting there without food for 45 minutes its hard to just sit there with your wine staring in your face and not drink it because you want it to pair with your food. Break it down - We did choose this restaurant as it is BYOB , so we could enjoy a very nice bottle without the inflated restaurant price of wine, however I will take a big twist of my arm to go here again, even though one dish was nice , the service was not up to the standard considering the price of the food. I much rather stay home and cook my own. Pretty let down.
3	Third time back.  This is my 9 year old daughter's favorite restaurant for special celebrations.  Maybe because the portions are sized for her.  Just kidding.  Sort of.Always good food.  Sometimes terrific.  But never consistently, hit the ball out of the park good.  The bill creeps up on you.  We can't ever seem to walk out the door with less than $80-120 bill for 2-3.  Last night, had the filet.  At maybe 5 ournces, bigger and more substantial than the last time, when I think I paid $32 for 2 ounces.  Seriously.Last time the steak was perfect.  This time, they overcooked it, but I didn't have the heart to send it back.  So my wife ate it and enjoyed it, and I got her salmon.Salmon was just okay.  BUT, the bed of rissoto, one of my favorite dishes, was delightfully rich and creamy.Overall, it's not a terrible value.  And it's a cute little french restaurant.  COMPLETELY and totally not appropriate for small children, so don't even try.  Great date place.Whatever you do, you MUST try two things:  1) Onion Tart - it's just a slice and a side salad as an appetizer, but OH what a slice.2) Berry Tart - the deserts are what makes this place go.  Save room.  Remember this:IF YOU GO TO A RESTAURANT WITH TART IN ITS NAME, AND DON'T ORDER A TART... well, what can I say.  Just don't do it.Will be back, as I always have, and will promise to only feel slightly mugged next time I pay the bill.
4	I'm a sucker for charming places and this is one of them. It's a perfect place for a date, girls lunch or dinner with mom. I live and work near here and can't believe I didn't try it until Spring Restaurant Week! I loved loved loved everything I ate. I had the ceasar salad and the filet Mignon which was glazed with a delicate wine port sauce - so good that I ate every bite! And I'm super picky about ceasar salads and this was the best one I've ever had. I had the creme brulee for dessert which I didn't love, but everything else made up for it. I looked at their menu recently since I've been wanting to come back and these items don't appear to be on there - I guess they were a special for Restaurant Week. Kind of a bummer but definitely won't stop me from returning. With the charming atmosphere, delish dinner and BYOB option - this place has it all!
4	We went for a family celebration. Two days before, I had returned from a trip to France. I can tell you that the meal at Coup Des Tartes was better than most of the meals I had in Paris.I had been warned that it was BYOB but I had forgotten. Take note! We ran up the street to Total Wine and grabbed a few good bottles.The cheese plate starter was divine. Who doesn't love triple creams or humbolt fog. But it was also showered with delicious fruits and nuts. The salad had that inexplicably light and flavorful touch that I have come to love of salad's in France.I had the Arctic Char which was cooked to perfection. The steak and pork that was also had at the table were superb.The staff was not overly knowledgeable but very warm and the service was good, not overbearing and not neglectful. I have to say that I was still remarking the next day about the excellent quality of the food. Its a perfect spot for a romantic dinner or celebration. Lovely atmosphere, delicious food and service with a smile. What more could you want?
4	Oh this place is so good.Finally made the Hubs take me during Yelp week - and he too is glad I forced the issue.At first, I wasn't totally sold on the ambiance of the place, but as the night continued (and the wine flowed) I found myself more and more happy.We ordered the baked brie & onion tarte as appetizers. DELICIOUS. Ugh, just writing about them makes me want to go back and get more... The hubs ordered the filet, and I ordered the salmon. Both were perfection. The sides were also delicious, and the portions were just right. For dessert we ordered the four-berry tarte, which too was freaking incredible. I mean seriously, everything they brought out of the kitchen was just fantastic. I can't wait to "drag" the hubs back. :) Hopefully SOON.
3	I'm really glad I went during Yelp Eats! This place is expensive. Even after the significant discounts, I was out $50. I have to say I was a little underwhelmed; I had very high expectations. Still there are great items on the menu.I'm not sure why, but I'm a little put off by the BYOB idea, yeah that's right...the $50 did not include drinks (my friends and I brought our own).
5	My parents took me here to celebrate my college graduation, and had they taken me here BEFORE they got me a present, there would have been no need.....This was place AMAZING!I love the atmosphere of the small house. This is a huge part of its charm. The staff was kind, and friendly, and very personable. They unexpectedly brought out a desert for me with a "Congratulations Graduate" inscribed with chocolate sauce (bonus!) on the outer rim of the plate. The service alone would make me come back.But the food. OH. MY. GOD. the FOOD!I had no expectations going to this restaurant, as i had no idea what it was, or that we were even going until an hour before i arrived. I had no time to do research, and i trust my parents palate to have chosen a sufficient place for dinner. (they did pretty good being from Texas, thanks to you yelpers!)What we ordered:To start: the Brie Brulee--INCREDIBLEThree Onion Tart--from the one bite i was able to sneak in from my dad (who fell in love at first taste) it was deliciousI had the Salmon, which was wonderful. Flaky, and moist, and the creme sauce was devine. I don't think i expected it to be as heavy as the dish was, but even so...wonderful. I would probably have enjoyed it more if it were cold outside.My dad ordered the lamb shank, and it was falling off the bone. I had never had lamb until that day, and i'm glad my first time was at Coup Des Tartes! It was savory, and succulent, and with the vegetables it came with, reminded me of a stew.My mom had the Pasta, and it was just right! Very light and flavorful, which paired well with the wine we brought.My brother ordered the Chicken, and while it was one of the "simpler" dishes, it was the best tasting of them all.The execution from start to finish is something that will not go unmentioned when i recommend this little gem. Keep up the great work! I can't wait to come back!
4	Coupe Des tartes has a great atmosphere very charming and romantic food was very tatsy and service was friendly, I had the filet it has a special spice kick to it and the yukon mashed potatoes were very good , The Brie Brulee is a must soooo yummy my favorite part of the meal!!!!!!!!!! oH IT'S BYOB kinda of a cool thing. I will be back .
4	I am always a big fan of a place in Phoenix that is a BYOB. There aren't many around. I'm not a fan of the typical mark up on wines. Corkage is $10. I am not usually one for ordering soup, especially in 110 degree weather. I had the tortilla soup. I was very impressed. At $6 this is a real bargain. It was packed full of veggies and chicken, more like a stew than a soup. Our entrees last night were the Filet Mignon and the pork tenderloin. The Filet was cooked perfectly to order. The accompanying potatoes were tasty with a hint of citrus I believe. The pork was equally as good. The goat cheese on top was a nice addition. I have been here before and had less stellar meals. Surprisingly their specialty, the lamb shank, was not very impressive. It was not nearly as tender as it should have been. A shank should have the meat nearly falling off the bone. Ironically I have never had a dessert here so i can not comment on that.
5	First and Foremost GO THERE NOW!!!! Can I give it 6 stars?Every bite was PERFECTLY cooked and the flavor was Amazing! Went with 2 friends, we had the pork tenderloin (moist, the cheese added flavor and a perfect combination of textures), Alaskan Halibut (Flakey, not fishy had shrimp and a relish on top that make it truly unique and wonderful) and Lamb Shank (favorable, not gamey well seasoned).We started with the Brie plate, so good, couldn't stop eating it.We ended with a chocolate tarte, usually the desert is always my favorite. Desert was good but couldn't out do the amazing meal we had.The service was PERFECT, we went on a Friday night.  The owner was there and charmed the pants off of every guest. I can't think of a time I had better food or better service. I'm in love with this place!  I love risotto, the waitress brought out a side with our meal to try it. The risotto was so good and so well cooked and seasoned. How do they get everything so perfect?Cost was 52.00 a person with tip included. I have spent way more per person and not had the food be this perfect.   Go go go go go!!!!
2	The food was AMAZING...The service was mediocre.The hostess ruined our entire experience.
4	Went here with the Supper Club in September for a 6:30pm dinner. This is now one of my fave restaurants.Since this place doesn't serve alcohol but offers a BYOL option, one of the gals brought two bottles of white wine for our dinner. ($10 corking fee)We started off with the Brie brulee ($12), which was warmed and served with a side of caramelized apples, toast, a sliced pear, a strawberry, and grapes. I could have eaten a plate of this and called it a meal; simple, but so delicious!We ordered three entrees, the Alaskan halibut ($34), lamb shank ($24), and the pork tenderloin ($26). The halibut sat on a bed of mashed potatoes and was topped with a roasted red pepper sauce and shrimp - and was served with grilled vegetables. The fish was flaky, light, and tasted like heaven. The pork tenderloin was cooked and seasoned perfectly - very moist! I'm not a fan of lamb dishes, but the lamb shank was pretty flavorful - and not gamey as I expected it to be. We usually skip dessert, but decided to try the chocolate torte (flourless). The torte was topped with fresh vanilla ice cream, a side of chocolate drizzle and raspberries - loved the mint used as decoration. Our waitress was very attentive and made us feel at ease. The owner came by to talk to us and took some pics for us, before and after our dinner. The ambiance of this place is AMAZING - very European. There is even outdoor seating.
1	Service: HORRIBLE. We had a reservation and they made us wait for 25 min. They did not have the courtesy of apologizing for making us wait. Trust me it was not a pleasure waiting with two kids. The owner was not at all friendly. Food: Good. But you will have to pay me to go back there. Never stepping in there again.
5	Went there for my wife's birthday tonight. What a great little place that is actually and 1930's home. We were lucky to be served by the owner tonight. I had the Arugula and Tomato salad which was very delicious. Everything about the salad was fresh and tasty. My wife had the Lobster Risotto and i had the house special, Lamb Shank. The Lamb shank was quite different than what i may usually order, and i was very pleased with the dish. The lamb was so was so tender, and mixed with the vegetables and couscous, just melted in my mouth.  For dessert, we had the banana brulee, and the owner, Ron, was thoughtful enough to bring it out on a birthday platter with a candle.  I would definitely recommend this charming little French Bistro.
5	Coup Des Tartes is like a restaurant out of another city...certainly not what you run into so often in Phoenix.   Cozy. Quaint. Romantic.  The building itself is used so well.  When is the last time you were in a house more than 50 years old?    Now onto the food.  We started with a shared salad.  Tossed greens, mingled with raspberries, pecans, red onions and apples is FANTASTIC!  You must spear each morsel and savor each bite.  It is that good.  Even better is the warm grilled cheeselette on top.  For the main course I had gnocchi and my husband had lamb shank.  Both were incredible.  It was actually fun to eat them because the flavors were so subtle and unique.    Finally, onto the coup.  We selected a tarte with pumpkin and each bite was sooo good.  We already know what we will have next time.  The next visit is already in the works.  Was it pricey?  Yes and no. $78 for two before tip (we had great service).  This is certainly a bargain for a meal that we remember each bite!  Next time we will BYOB and maybe our corkscrew.  The wine drinkers around us struggled.  They were either inexperienced as openers or just needed a better corkscrew.
5	DELICIOUS, INTIMATE, AND PERFECT FOR A DATEMy husband and I went there for the first time on a Friday night to use a groupon.  Definitely recommend reservations, because we didn't have them and almost didn't get in. Fortunately a dust storm scared people off the patio, but cleared out when we got there, so the patio was wide open.Food was amazing!!!  From our triple onion tarte appetizer, to the filet mignon and lamb shank, to the chocolate pecan tarte for dessert. We left totally satisfied, but wanting more.It is a little pricey, $88 (before groupon discount) for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert and coffee, but totally worth it.  We will definitely be back and recommend to everyone we know. Ambiance is great, loved the patio seating (so ask for courtyard if weather is good) service was excellent, and the flavors and food were perfect. A must try if you like french food. Looked like 2 fifties era houses that had been converted into restaurants, so the atmosphere was cozy but intimate.
4	Came here with a reservation with moderately high expectations. The inside is charming and romantic and the food is great. Service was also good--not too much hovering and not too much neglect. I ordered the lamb and it was tender with an amazing sauce. I ate every bite of it, kind of a rarity for me. The real treat was the tart. Two words: PUMPKIN TART. Amazing, amazing! It's a fall special and since I'm a pumpkin fanatic, it had to be tried.Few downsides to an otherwise great place. The tables are so close to each other that you can hear the conversations of the table next to you. I could barely take off my jacket without elbowing the woman next to me! Also, the price. I felt the food was worth it but it does make the restaurant a place I couldn't come to very often.
2	Where to begin...I think I will start with the positive.   The brie brulee topped with the caramelized apple slices was a hit, the mixed green salad with goat cheese was awesome and the pear tart desert was outstanding.  The lamb shank was cooked perfectly, but the lamb flavor was missing.   The whole dish ( lamb shank, veggies, Israeli couscous, figs and apricots) ALL had the exact same flavor; only the textures were different.   Now the flavor was great, but not something I would write home about.   Now to the negative stuff...The place was too crowded and noisy for my liking. The tables were so close that I felt I could join in the conversation next to me without effort. Couple that with REALLY REALLY slow service and, well you get the idea.   You will need to bring your own wine and they will open it for you for only $10.00.  French food without wine?   really??  And then you gaff me for 10 bucks?!?  Needless to say I had the minted tea. It was okay but no real mint flavor to speak of.   The final bill for one appetizer, one salad, one entree and one desert was $70.00. (Not counting the tip)  My date and I split everything and we were comfortably well fed. So, the portion size was decent.   To sum up, it would be a nice place for a date, but I won't be back and I know a place not to far from there that I would MUCH rather go to given the choice.
3	I've been to Coup Des Tartes twice now.  The inside of the restaurant is just as charming as everyone says.  I think the food is pretty good.  The onion tart is one of my favorite menu items.  I've had it both times I've gone.  I also love the BYOB option, and I think the $10 corking fee is pretty fair.  I have a huge problem with the price of the menu items.  $26 for pork tenderloin? And even though I like the onion tart...$12? I'd go back for the appetizers, but I don't think I'd be back if I had to spend close to $100 for the meal.
5	We had a FABULOUS experience at Coup Des Tartes a few nights ago.  We found it on Yelp as one of the few BYOBs in the Phoenix area, especially those in the interesting menu category!  I was a little concerned when we first arrived as the line was out the front door, and I was hoping our Open Table reservations were valid and in good standing.  A bit of a wait to the desk, but once there, we were warmly welcomed and immediately shown to our table - by the owner, in fact!We led out with a brie brulee cheese with apple slices and another interesting app that alludes me now (Carpaccio, I think) - could have made a meal of the appetizers alone.  Carol had the lamb shank - tender and well seasoned, I had the Gnocchi with seafood - a bit shocked to see that all the seafood was still in the shell and required a bit of excavating.  Worth the work - just not quite what I expected.  We all split the chocolate pecan tort for dessert.  Amazing.It's a very small restaurant - the kind of place you'd drive by a hundred times without noticing in a sort of marginal neighborhood   Once inside, you almost feel like you're dining in someone's home dining room.  Cozy and intimate.  And the owner stopped by once or twice during the evening to make sure we were having a positive experience.  (Even decanted our wine without us asking!)   A few earlier reviews seemed displeased with the lack of a wine list and the pricey menu.  Guess I don't get it - I'm from the east and think the ability to bring your own bottle is a privilege (get what you want for a 1/3 of the price) then spend the difference on a really nice meal.  For us, the meal was worth every penny.  Wished we lived closer so we could become regulars!!
5	It is not possible for me to LOVE this place more than I already do! I was taken here for a birthday and had the most wonderful time! Everything from ambiance, to service, to the food was AMAZING! The salad was light and flavorful and the tarte entree was divine! HIGHLY recommended!
4	My bestie and I went for dinner on a Wednesday. Walking from the parking lot to the door you could smell deliciousness wafting in the air. I was ready to get my grub on! We sat on the patio. It was very cute! It would be perfect for a date. We were served some bread and ordered the three onion tarte that everyone raves about. It was good, not crap my pants good that I was expecting, but very good. It was flavorful and the crust was delicate and tasty.For dinner we both ordered the chicken. It was cooked perfectly and the mushroom sauce was excellent. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were well done also. We cleaned our plates and were stuffed so had to pass on dessert. Maybe next time.
1	My problem with Coup Des Tartes really is that the food is horribly overpriced...not moderately overpriced makes you feel like you're eating at a fancy place, but outrageously overpriced for the quality of the food. For their price points, the food should be a lot better and the tables shouldn't be so close to each other. Their food reminded me of the kind of food I can get from the Whole Foods deli. After Valentine's Day here, I felt taken advantage of by the restaurant. $100 PER PERSON for a measly set of 4 courses with the awful offering of cliched mushroom risotto as the sole vegetarian option, with no choice of anything else. Had the menu been priced at around $40 a person, I still think this place would still only be a 3 star quality but at least reasonably priced. - Brie Brulee: A name far more interesting than the dish itself. It's a warm slice of brie served with stale/boring crusty bread and fruit. There was the tiniest bit of fruit compote served with it, so at least someone in the kitchen did something that required effort with this otherwise simple dish. - Onion Tarte: Probably the tastiest thing all night, but again, not worth the money. It has a very strong caramelized onion taste with a nice flaky crust.- Salad: Greens, fruit, nuts, and too much dressing. It was fine but not worth $25.- Chestnut Soup: Didn't taste a thing like chestnuts. The taste is actually like an Indian lentil soup called Sambar. - Filet Mignon: My boyfriend seemed to like it. The mashed potatoes it was served with were very good. The other accompaniment were sugar snap peas drowning in butter/oil.- Lamb Shank: The couscous & veggies served with the lamb were very boring tasting, like no one even took the time to season them.- Cherry Tart: This was yummy, and fortunately didn't taste much like cherry. The shortbread crust was good and the combination of warm pie with cold ice cream is classic.- Chocolate Ganache Tart: Pretty good. It, of course, tasted like chocolate. Nothing really remarkable.I'm confused why everyone calls this place charming. It is not charming to be a foot away from the tables next to you. It is not charming to hear their conversation like you're having it with them, struggle to push out your chair to get up because there is another chair right behind you, and struggle to squeeze yourself between tables to leave. I cannot recommend Coup Des Tartes to anyone. The restaurant left a very bad taste in my mouth, figuratively. With so many other nice, moderately overpriced restaurants with much better food, I don't know why anyone would come here.
3	We ended up here one night as dessert refugees after a hugely disappointing meal at Vincent's on Camelback.  They were booked for the night but found us a table on the patio so we could enjoy at least one tasty morsel in our evening.  The tarts were fabulous, the owner who seated us was extremely accommodating and we were determined to come back.  Last night, we had dinner there.  It was a pleasant enough experience but I didn't it find it worth the cost (and we had a Groupon!).  I did not find the portions to be tiny as another reviewer said.  My filet was tasty enough but sadly, I had a better cooked filet earlier in the week at Charleston's for about $10 less.  My key lime tart was delicious but it was about 80% crust and 20% filling (I'm more of a filling girl than a crust girl).  My companions ordered the peanut butter mousse dessert and it was very tasty.  It would have been extra tasty with a wee bit more salt.  It's definitely a cute venue although I don't understand the distinctions about being a great "date night" place because it is quite small and privacy is limited.  It was a nice enough place but definitely didn't "wow" me.
4	Romantic restaurant for a special occassion is the definition of this place if you look it up on Webster's dictionary. The interior is very cute and you just feel special eating here. The service is top notch. The parking is convenient. The food is amazing. Started off with the brie and moved on to the steak. The steak was cooked to perfection. It was medium well but so tender that it melted in my mouth. The green beans were just the way I like it, crisp. Overall, we had a great experience.
4	I thought the atmosphere was great, the food was very good and I actually liked the BYOB.  My boyfriend and I went to celebrate a special occasion and we were able to bring a special bottle of wine we had been saving for such an event.  I agree that the food is a little pricey but I think it was very good.  I am not sure what Nita is talking about when she says its like deli food, I didn't get that impression at all.  I will definitely be back for another fun occasion or celebration when I am in Phoenix.
5	Cool unique hidden gem, very unassuming location. Food,staff, and atmosphere were great. Nice date spot, a little pricey but in my opinion totally worth it for an occasion.
5	Situation: Wedding AnniversaryApp: Brie BruleeSalad: RoquefortMe: Lamb ShankWife: Sea BassOutcome: So few times have I ever run into a place where the food is so good, it puts pictures in your mind.  Having a transcendental experience while eating is the reason why restaurants like this exist.  Sure the place cost a little more, but so do really good seats at a show.  And this place delivers.The Lamb Shank melted away into a dark, rich glaze over vegetables and pearl cous cous. Immediately images of a dark hunting lodge and snow drifted evenings filled my mind.  I was immediately dashed back to my table the moment my wife's sea bass arrived. Smells of roasted coconut and curry wafted up and as I snuck a bite, the rush of flavor sent me straight to the coast on a summery day.  The mixture of sweet and bright flavors over the sea beans and crusted with pecans was the reason I will return to this place.  Let us not forget that the beauty of this place is that it is also BYOB, so pull the best bottle you have and stroll over to this place.
5	Delicious food and excellent staff make this small French restaurant worthy of five stars. We began with a glass of fabulous wine that we brought (it is byob) and ordered the onion tart as an appetizer. The taste of the leeks coupled with the cheese, buttery and flaky pastry made this one of the most tasty ways to start a meal. I ordered the marinated chicken. This dish came with a juicy chicken breast with a light pesto sauce, mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach. The flavors intermingled to create a sensuous bite, time and time again. My girlfriend got the filet, which was juicy and flavorful and came with perfectly roasted potatoes and tomatoes. For dessert we ordered the tart of the day, which was fruit and coconut cream on top of a shortbread-tasting tart. Just delicious. The service was wonderful, very efficient and friendly. It is not cheap, it was $99 for the appetizer, two entrees and dessert...but for the experience and the exquisite flavors, I will go back for any special occasion... guaranteed.
5	As  new transplant to Phoenix, I was so happy to find this place on groupon!  After the stress of flying from NYC 8 months pregnant and with our cat, having dinner here was like a dream.  Everything was delicious, portions were filling and it was just so relaxing.  We had the duck special and the salmon, along with snails and the goat cheese toast triangles- everything was made just right.   We had a great time!  Also, everyone was very nice.  This place would fit right in in Brooklyn or Paris!  Glad it is in Phoenix!
3	The BF and I went here last night for dinner because we had a Groupon. The place is very cute, small, but in a cozy way. After being seated, we were brought some delicious olive bread with herb butter....seriously yummy stuff. As we looked over the menu we were a little disappointed that it had changed and had not been updated on their website (we both kind of picked out what we wanted before even getting there...what?...we were excited!). I was originally going to get the filet because it sounded good on their online menu and came with risotto (which I love), but the new menu had it with roasted potatoes (which I thought sounded really boring) so I decided not to get it. The BF was going to get the herb encrusted chicken or pork, but instead got the chicken cordon bleu (since they no longer have the pork or the other chicken). The menu changes weren't really that big a deal, at least that means the restaurant is keeping it fresh.  My real problem with the ordering process was our waitress. She really rubbed me the wrong way. She seemed like she did not want to be working. Additionally, she was not knowledgeable about the menu and had clearly not tasted anything. For example, I asked her opinion between the filet and the duck and she said 'well, it depends on if you like steak or duck.' Well....ya. Clearly it depends on that...but if I like both....maybe give me more explanation about each dish??? I honestly don't think she knew much about it, and that was the problem. She probably should have tasted the dishes.  Anyway, I went with the duck and it was just ok. The fat was rendered from the skin, but the skin was soggy and chewy...not crunchy at all. The cherry sauce was good (I like how it had whole cherries in it), as were the mashed potatoes (very buttery). The harit coverts were good, but a bit crunchier than the BF liked. His chicken was good (in my opinion) but he wasn't a fan of the sauce, which was a dijon mustard sauce. He said he felt like he was eating a fancy deli sandwich....which I guess I can see. So, needless to say, dinner was a little underwhelming. We still definitely wanted to get dessert, however, so we pressed on. Their fruit tartes of the night were cherry vodka and peach. I asked which was the better choice (I still had a little hope that she might be useful), and she said 'well it depends on if you like cherries or peaches.' Seriously??! You are killing me! She just sounded so bored and unenthusiastic. I don't care if she really has a preference, make one up! If they are equally good, just pick one! Or at least express some ounce of enthusiasm for the dessert as a whole! Clearly we need guidance! I asked some follow up questions and finally got her to tell me that the cherries just came back into season, so we went with cherry. Thank you! It was like pulling teeth. I feel like if your restaurant is charging more than 20$/plate you should have more professional wait staff. So, when our tarte came out, our 'waitress' was busy, so a different waitress (long curly brown hair) brought it over and said 'Oh, this tarte is my favorite! It is so good, you are going to love it!' or something to that effect. And even came back to check on us to see if we liked it. That was awesome! She clearly has tried the food and has some passion for it. Why couldn't we have been in her section?Anyway, she was right...the tarte was incredible! It was sweet and savory, the cherries were fresh, the crust was almost like shortbread and the little cookie on top was cute. The ratio of filling to crust was spot on. Overall impression: I would not come back here for dinner, I think for the prices the food is subpar. (also, I overheard the table next to us ask where their lobster was from and the waitress went to ask the chef and came back and told them he didn't know...somewhere in Canada. I think for their prices they should know exactly where their food is coming from...just my opinion). I would, however, come back for dessert (and maybe to try their onion tarte). Clearly, the specialty is the delicious tartes, so I would come back and have dessert and coffee and be a happy lady.
4	OkI LOVED their lobster dinner wtih mango risotto.  LOVED IT.  Well worth the $36.Reason for 4 stars?  I didn't like their desserts.... which was what I was most excited for.I got the smores tart, which was to be a graham cracker crust with chocolate ganache and marshmellow.  Sounds amazing, yes?  It was just ok.Reason for it just being ok, the chocolate ganache filling tasted straight up like pudding.  Puddin'.  Seriously.Big let down.My hubby got the chocolate creme brulee.... and it... tasted just like..... wait for it.....waittttttttt for it................PUDDIN'!WTF?!!?Aghhhhhhhhh!!!I do, however, REALLY love that this place is BYOB, so I shall return and give them another chance at dessert.
3	We went here last Friday night because we had a Groupon. Called the night before to make a reservation, but when we got there they didn't have us on their list.  They sat us anyway, but since it was only 6 pm they weren't too busy. That aside, the experience was okay. The tables were crammed together and my husband and I could barely have a conversation without the people next to us hearing everything we were saying, and vice-versa.  Way too cramped for an intimate dinner. Like someone else posted, I had looked online at the menu and already knew what I wanted to order, so was very disappointed when a different menu was presented to me. I ended up ordering the duck, which was good with the cherry sauce. My husband got the pasta and added chicken, and it was delicious. For the price I would have expected more, or at least a table that wasn't touching our neighbor's.
4	Pro: byo, the owner is hands on and hustles, friendly servers.  diverse menu and all in our group of 6 were pleased with apps/salads/entrees/desserts. Con: a little cramped in spotsGood special date spot and 4-8 person celebration spot where you can bust out a great bottle from your own cellar.
5	Coup des Tartes, I love you.  I have nothing bad to say.  At all.  I love places like this.  Coup des Tartes is a little old house that has been renovated into a cozy quaint restaurant.  The original rooms and walls are still there and it is just so neat inside.  As some have posted, it can be a bit cramped at times but we don't mind, I love this place that much.The menu changes seasonally as they use produce from McClendon's farms and you will find items that are in season.  We have had many items and what I like best is how the items are prepared, different than what you would expect with sauces, seasonings or preparations that I've never tried before and they are all amazing.  I love the escargot, my husband loves the stuffed calamari, we have had salmon, pork, filet... mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, green beans, asparagus...  And so many delicious desserts.They serve water in these cool rustic bottles and leave it at your table to pour yourself.  I love it, maybe I just love the cute bottles so much.  The cool thing about this place is you bring your own bottle of wine, and cork and pour yourself.  There is a corking fee, but that's normal for BYOB restaurants.  If you bring white wine or champagne, they will bring out an bucket with ice/water for you to keep your bottle chilled.The owner runs his butt off and is there most nights and will always make you feel special.  The service is impeccable and the food is unbelievable.  One of my all time favorite places to eat in Phoenix.We usually only go nowadays when there is a Groupon or it's Restaurant Week.  Just remember as with any Groupon, don't wait until the last minute to book your reservation or try to eat there.  You've got plenty of time so use them early and beat the crowd.  Not just here, anywhere.
3	After reading all the reviews, I have to say I was not all that impressed.I am from NYC and lived in Los Angeles, so I am always looking for real food experiences here in Phx. This fell short.The positives:Servers were attentiveDining room was cleanThe onion tart was great- but NOT worth $12!The negatives:Mediocre lunch menuMoroccan lamb sandwich - other than the chutney and the natural gaminess of the lamb, the sandwich had no flavor. Pomme frites- overdone potato wedges I can make at homeOnion tart- as stated above, not at all worth $12 for a slice of quiche. $6, maybe $7. But $12?!! The crust was too sweet. My friends had the ham and Brie, sliders, and salmon tacos. All were mediocre tasting and unimpressive. Shocking that all are so expensive.Lemon tart dessert- gross. Pale custard looked like vomit in a small crust. Again flavor was not impressive. So perhaps this place is great for dinner, and I may come back to try that- but for lunch, no way.
5	Leg of Lamb was fantastic! Everything that we ate was fantastic and the service was excellent. I don't think that you can go wrong with anything on the menu. Great place for a date or couples. It's a small and cozy place. I actually love the fact that I can bring my own bottle of wine to enjoy.
5	Four letters - L-O-V-E! We went to Coup Des Tartes last night and have nothing but great things to say about this little place in Uptown Phoenix. The dining room is charming and comfortable, the service is excellent....and the food, oh, my! Salad and starters were yummy, but not amazing. For this visit, the amazing-ness started at the entrees. I had the sea bass with mango salsa and hubby had the filet. Both were expertly prepared and delicious. My sea bass was like butter, melted in my mouth - so good! My husband said the steak was the best he has had! It's topped with a yummy garlic-y butter which as perfect! Now, moving on to desserts: THIS is were it really gets good! I had the chocolate and salted caramel tart with fleur de sel...OMG! This was absolutely amazing! It was very rich and chocolate-y, very sweet with caramel and just a little salty - perfect! I ate every last crumb! (although I did allow my husband to have a single taste...) My husband had the banana brulee, another really great dessert - he liked it a lot, but admitted mine was better.  We brought our own bottle of wine...that was really nice since I was able to bring one of my faves that's not always on restaurant wine lists. I will go back again and again. It's a great date night spot, but also a great place to meet girlfriends or take out of town guests.
4	Dined at Coup Des Tartes last night for Restaurant Week. Very busy night, bustling little place.The restaurant is located in a cottage and its courtyard/patio on 16th Street. Parking was a bit challenging, they have a small lot. We poached a spot in the adjacent apartment complex. CDT is BYOB with a 10 dollar corkage fee. Good to remember that Total Wine is only a block away for a stop prior to coming here! Very busy night in the middle of restaurant week. We were seated in the patio which was a bit toasty in mid-September, but tolerable. Service was good, prompt but not overbearing. I had the Stuffed Calamari appetizer, nicely baked so without the heft of frying. Delicious....my date had the pear salad and reported it was very good. Entrees were fantastic, my filet was perfectly seasoned, a perfect medium-rare. Exactly how prime beef should be! My companion's sea bass was equally delicious. Desserts were OK (I'm not much of a dessertophile, though). Berry tarte and chocolate-caramel Fleur-de-Sel. If you want a nice romantic "special events" meal, this is a great choice (especially if you want to celebrate with a really fine bottle of wine). I'll make it back before too long.
5	I love this place and the people who run it.  There is no other place in Phoenix  you will want to go IF you want to feel special. Lamb is amazing and I have yet to be served anything I didn't love.  Don't forget to BYOW   Bring your own Wine.   Love it!
4	Went for Restaurant Week with a friend. Adorable little place, wonderful atmosphere. The squid was just slightly overcooked but everything else was perfect. Service was great. Bring your own wine.
4	We went during Restaurant Week & the food was great. The ambiance is wonderful, too. The building seemed to be historic just from the little details like smaller walkways, small bathroom, etc. Decorated nicely & good "romantic" vibe. Again- the food, great. I had the filet & the flavor was outrageous. (I'm not even a huge red meat fan). Worth the trip. Not cheap. :)
5	What a delightful and cozy find.    Our meal was clever and delicious.   And the owner and server made our experience extra special!
5	This has been a place on my bucket list to check out and I was pleasantly surprised by a romantic date night here last Friday with my bf.  Service=amazing.  Atmosphere=Amazing.  Food=amazing  We had the sea bass and filet and can't give enough props for how great it was.  Even better the restaurant offered 20% off the bill if you donated at least $10 cash to a reputable charity.  One of the most charming places I've been too in a while and will be back very soon!
4	Lovely atmosphere.Sea bass with coconut topping is deliciousFilet is tendered and flavorfulPear and apple tarts are perfect compliment to the dinnerWould recommend sitting outside
4	Fantastic food, great service, cozy atmosphere! A bit pricy,...worth it!
3	I really wish I could give five stars because for the most part, we had an amazing dinner. We had two appetizers but the onion tart was my favorite and definitely lived up to the hype. I had the chicken and instead of saving half for left overs, I ate it all. My friends had the filet and the salmon which were delicious too. Finished it all off with a tasty cappuccino and the lemon tart. Which was good until I got a mouthful of plastic. When we told one of the servers, she didn't seem too surprised, shrugged and said "Oh no, that's too bad." And that was that. It wasn't taken away, replaced, or removed from our considerable bill. For what we paid, I would have at least liked an acknowledgement for the mistake. If I do go back, it won't be for a while.
3	Sitting on the patio eating Pate with a nice bottle of wine - can't beat that.  Well you couldn't beat it if the patio didn't look like the inside of my garage.  Indoors is pretty nice and the Pate is good.
2	If the review was based on food along it would be a solid 4 stars, however this review is based on my experience planning an event with the restaurant.  The restaurant has a location down the street called Les Deux that you can use for private events: birthday parties, receptions, or in my case a rehearsal dinner.  My now husband and I had dined at the restaurant several times and were in need of a venue for our rehearsal dinner and since this was close to our wedding venue in Phoenix, we decided to use Coup Des Tartes.  The planning went well, we picked out a menu and were able to drop off the wine the day before the dinner.  So, why 2 stars you ask?  Well it was what happened that night before our rehearsal dinner that ruined this place for us.  I got an email less than 24 hours before our dinner asking if they could move us to a smaller space at the restaurant, Rende-Vous, instead of Les Deux.  The reason we booked the place down the street is because we had too many people for the other room.  The weather called for rain and someone had booked the smaller room and patio for an event (when you book the room and patio, it can hold more people than we had for our event), so they wanted to give them Les Deux and put us in the smaller room.  The night before a wedding is not the right time to ask this question - but honestly, even a week before wouldn't be the right time to ask this question.  I had no desire to have an event outside in the cold which is why I booked an enclosed location from the start.  The restaurant offered a $100 gift card if we would make the change.  $100 would hardly even begin to compensate us for the inconvenience.  We would have needed to inform all guests of the change as I had printed out information for all out of town guests with details on where to be and when.  We stayed firm and said we wouldn't move.  I did receive a sincere apology from one person at the establishment, but the coordinator offered an apology with an excuse which for me is unacceptable.  You messed up, you know it, so just own it and apologize.  The dinner went off at the original location that we reserved, but I am still irritated to this day that they even asked to move us.  I think they were more concerned with pleasing a bigger party that would bring in more money, than taking care of the customers that booked the room.  We haven't been back to the restaurant since and I doubt we will ever return, which is quite unfortunate because they do make great food.  Bad service wil ruin it for a place though and sadly that is what happened to us.
4	I have not been here for a few years...but I have always enjoyed Coup Des Tartes.  I recently book a birthday party of  8 and we sat on the patio and man....what a night.  This place is really a "romantic" dinner place.  Fortunately, for us we pretty much had the patio to ourselves.  Our waitress Nicole and Andrea were fabulous.  We really lucked out on the whole evening.  This place is BYOB, so the we brought a great selection of champagne-celebration, wine and beer for our culinary experience.  Plus, I brought in a cake and at the end  and they made a great presentation.  Now for the food.  The food here is fabulous!  We ordered an array of appetizers ..onion tart was awesome. We each ordered something different and for maybe.......2 mins our party was silent.  The food here has always been consistent-delicious, decadent, fresh & the flavorful.   Enjoy!
3	I really wanted to love this place.  I really did.  The atmosphere is cool, the feel of the buildings are charming, but I really have to grade my experience during Restaurant Week as average.  I came with a party of 5 and they could only seat us in the courtyard.  During Winter in Phoenix, this wouldn't be a big deal.  But even with the shade of the courtyard, it was pretty toasty.  As for the food?  My mixed green salad was pretty dry.  The heat outside might have had something to do with it, but it just wasn't that impressive.  I had heard all the hype about the lamb (part of the reason I chose this place for restaurant week and it was good.  The cous cous provided a good texture to go with it.  For dessert I went with the cherry lava cake.  Pretty good, but the cake itself was also pretty dry.  The service as a whole was fine as they fed us each meal pretty quickly.  The fact we could bring our own wines was also a plus.  Would I go back here?  Probably.  But next time I'll make a bigger push to sit inside.
3	I have been eyeing Coup Des Tartes for several months. My husband passed the bar, so we finally had a legit reason to splurge and celebrate. Coincidentally it was Restaurant Week. I typically stay away from restaurant week because i feel like it is a good excuse for restaurants to charge more and serve less (and less variety on the menu). Anyhow, I looked online and the menu for RW at CDT seemed pretty decent. And it is BYOB - super thumbs up!We walked in for our 8pm reservation, and even though there were two women at the counter, who obviously knew we were there, it still took them a minute or two to acknowledge us. Kind of weird, but not a deal killer. We get seated and instantly fall in love with the ambiance. It is muy romantico. It is also fun to bring your own wine (they do charge a corkage fee). I was a little disappointed that the only entrees you could order were from the RW menu. But, I should have known better. We started off with the brie brulee, and I ordered a salad and soup from the non-RW app menu, and my husband ordered the beef tenderloin, medium well. Everything was two thumbs up until the beef tenderloin came out medium rare. (for real, medium rare). So, we finally were able to flag down the waitress, and she instantly said "oh, that's medium rare, not medium well" - right!So, she takes it back to the kitchen, and returns in minutes....it is obviously the same cut of meat, they just put it back on the grill or nuked it, I don't know. Either way, I feel like if you are going to pay a nice price for dinner, then they should serve you a new cut of meat if they didn't cook it well enough. (it was for sure the same meat....my husband had cut into it previously, and that cut was still there). Part of the meat was now medium well, part of it not so much, but by this time we were just kind of 'over it.' To top it off, our waitress never asked us to confirm that the meat was to our satisfaction, and when she came to pick up our plates she didn't ask why my husband only ate a fourth of the meat. She seemed very uninterested. Again, nice ambiance, great appetizers, but I was a little disappointed to drop $100 on dinner and feeling unsatisfied with my meal.
4	This is a rather nice French restaurant in Phoenix.  Went there two days ago.  The onion tarte is very goodThe chevre tomat is also goodThe rack of lamb on the bed of couscous is goodThe salmon and Greek yoghurt is goodThis is definitely a good French restaurant in Phoenix.
4	went here for restaurant week and the service was amazing. They took a little longer than normal to serve our food so they gave us free dessert and appetizer. The food was good and this place looked like a little cabin, giving it a nice homey feel.
4	This place is so romantic! I went here twice. Once on a spur of the moment type deal with me and my boyfriend, then again on Valentine's Day (prices go way up on Valentine's Day, but food stays the same quality) It is good! I love french cuisine so this place was up my alley.  It's not a place you eat at everyday but when you do you understand why it's such a treat. It is BYOW we found out when we got there the first time, a nice couple offered to give us their's as they brought two but my BF when down the street and got the kind we like. I'm a Moscato girl when I do drink wine. It's good that if you forget you can always run down to that big liquor store and get some. :) I got the fish, my BF got the lamb (each time) appetizer was Brie and camelized fruit which was pretty much my favorite part. I don't really remember dessert but I know i had it and it was a sort of tart. All in all this place is good... the environment is what gives it everything though. Very cozy and romantic, I don't think it's a good place for kids... but I have none so I really don't know.
4	Overall, the food was great - at least most of it. We did have some soup ("Country Style" French Onion) that I found to be unremarkable. Service was friendly and attentive but somewhat slow. It worked out ok since we weren't in a hurry but don't expect to be in and out of this restaurant quickly, even with a reservation. It would almost be romantic but they pack a few too many people in to the small space. Quarters are close. We had a GroupOn which made dinner at this restaurant more affordable but dinner was still pricey. Lunch is priced lower if you want to try to the food without the cost.
5	great food and staff, especially the ham and real french cheese, love it and the atmosphere.
4	My sister and I headed to Coup Des Tartes to use her Groupon before it expired. She had been before and loved it, so I was excited to finally see what all the fuss was about! First of all, I just want to throw out there that I don't at all understand the name of the restaurant. From what I can recall from European History, a coup is a military overthrow. So... we're trying to overthrow the tarts? Anyways, I'm glad that we got here early, because even on a Wednesday, the place filled up pretty quickly. We were able to be seated right away despite not having a reservation, but that could be because we arrived about 10 minutes after it opened for dinner. There are not many tables inside, so it'd be pretty difficult if you had a large group, but the whole place has a very cozy feel. Unfortunately, there are probably less than a dozen parking spaces out front, so I'm not sure where you would park once those filled up.The food came out pretty quickly, and my sister had the lamb shank ($24) while I had the salmon ($28). Her lamb shank came out on a bed of cous cous with assorted vegetables on the side. It was tasty, but a little on the salty side. My salmon came with spinach and basmati rice, topped with a green olive salsa and pesto on the side. I don't usually like green olives, but it went well with the fish, though the salmon was cooked a bit more than I would prefer. The rest of the dish was well seasoned, but the salsa was a bit salty. Both dishes came in pretty big portions, and went great with their housemade mint iced tea. Even though we were pretty full already, we figured that we couldn't leave without having some dessert! We had the chocolate peanut butter tart, which was great, but way too rich after our entrees. It was more chocolatey than peanut-butter-y, and not too sweet. We each only took a few bites, but luckily we got a box to take it home, and it was every bit as good the next day.
4	We tried Coup Des Tartes last weekend with the Groupon they offered. We had heard it was a decent BYOB restaurant and figured it was worth a try.I am so happy we did!!! The appetizers or "small plates" were the best part of the meal. We ordered the salmon pate special, the onion tart, and the brie. The salmon pate was amazing! I was worried when I ordered it thinking there were so many ways it could come out badly, but it was incredible. The consistency was perfect and it came with a nice assortment of vegetables and crackers. Even better than the salmon, was the brie. OMG, just perfect. I thought it wouldn't be any better than what I could buy in the cheese section of Trader Joe's, but BOY was I wrong. It was cooked perfectly covered in baked apples and just so tasty.  The worst appetizer of the three, but still really nice was the onion tart. The only reason I didn't care as much for it because it was on the sweeter side. For our entree we split a filet. The filet was really nice, but not anything that stood apart from anywhere else. I would recommend coming to Coup Des Tartes for the adorable atmosphere, wonderful small plates, and to bring your own bottle! If you go for this, you cannot go wrong!!!
5	We've been back a couple times more since and both times we've gotten the cheese platter.  Its a little pricey at $18 but I would highly recommend it.  Last night we tried the halibut and the salmon.  Both were absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly.  I love the flavor combinations.  We had the lemon tarte to finish and once again was fully impressed.As pricey as the menu seems, if you want to be impressed with food that really amazes pretty consistently, its worth it every time.
1	Extremely poor service and attitude!  I had a reservation for a Saturday night using the Groupon offer that expires in a few days and is only good for Saturdays.They refused to accept it even though they accepted the reservation knowing I had a Groupon.  Their attitude was terrible!  I would never attempt to go there again.
5	We found everything to be wonderful!  The brie platter for the appetizer was tasty and gone in short order.  One of us ordered the fillet and the other the pork loin.  Cooked perfectly and enough that we each took half home.  The special tartes was pumpkin...there was none of that left over! It was a great idea to use our groupon on Halloween night...only a few tables through the entire meal.  Server was attentive and chatted with us when we asked about their upcoming move in 2014.
5	I like everything about this place.  The staff, the ambience, and the delicious food.  They like trying new and different tasteful combinations of food that you can't find at any other restaurant. The kitchen staff know their way around French cooking and the appeal of their patrons to satisfy every ones taste for something wonderful.  I had the salmon and my spouse had the fillet.  We can hardly wait to get back for more and that can't happen soon enough.
5	I love Coup des Tartes. It's the restaurant I choose for birthdays and anniversaries but it's not too expensive to go anytime. Best salads I've ever had. So fresh. It's a must to order one. I have also gotten salmon, chicken and pasta and all are great. The atmosphere is great and the staff is always friendly and provides excellent service. It's great for a romantic meal and I also took my family here when I came to visit. They also don't call it Coup des Tartes for nothing, I don't think anyone leaves without having dessert. I've had a s'mores tart and a pumpkin pie tart, both to die for. I look forward to seeing them overcome the obstacle of having to move into a new space. It looks awesome and I'm sure they will make it home in the new year. We will all follow wherever they go.
2	Really overrated.  The owner told me his lamb was the best.  I don't think so! Lamb shank was mediocre with a dull and thin flavored brown sauce. The pork had little flavor.  The bread is weak too. What's best is the way they source their food. Grass-fed, organic etc. All in all its no big deal. They can do a lot better and so can you!!
4	French is my favorite cuisine.  A foodie friend raved about this place and the same night they were featured on "Check Please," so I knew I had to go. It was absolutely outstanding, tres  magnifique!The ambiance was very warm and quaint and the food was superb.  We had the 3 onion tart and the duck breast and sea bass... All cooked perfectly!  The service was excellent.  Nicole, our server was very knowledgable and passionate which added to a wonderful evening.  She recommended the pear tart for dessert and it was sooooo good!  We will return.
5	My favorite French spot in Phoenix. Every meal has been excellent (yes, the three onion tart appetizer is great - along with every other menu item) and I love that they let you bring your own alcohol.
5	Overall we had a great experience.  It is BYOB which I think is good, as long as you know that ahead of time.  Everybody enjoyed their food and appetizers however the tomato and mozarella appetizer fell flat and was uninspiring.    The black and white desert tarte was out of this world good.  My only beef was that there as a child there playing a video game at his table that was loud enough it could be heard from about 12' away and the waitress didn't seem very interested in doing anything about it.  I'd expect that at Macaroni grill, but not at a $34/plate joint like this.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Coup De Tartes!  I meet here every week with my Networking group and each week they give us amazing service and we get to try a different meal every time.  My favorite is the Vegetable Lasagna... Can I say YUMMY!!!  They have never disappointed any of us on their food choices!  I would recommend CDT to Everyone.  Whether a small lunch meeting or a romantic dinner with your loved one, Coup Des Tartes is the place to be!
5	Pleasantly surprised! Chilean sea bass as well as both of the tarts were wonderful. We brought our two and six year old along and they were extremely accommodating. Great dishes with the exception of one of the salads which was a bit over salted. The place itself is very quaint and the host was warm and understanding of our children and their needs for crayons and such. Would love to return.
5	Fabulous outdoor patio dining experience, and the food wasn't too shabby either. Really love the tarte desserts!
4	It is restaurant week and we finally went and had a good experience. First- I like that it is BYOB, we got to bring a great bottle of french wine and not pay the mark up but simply a $10 corkage (however, next time I will bring my own glasses, not a fan of thick glass wine glasses).For appetizers we had the tomato goat cheese tart and mussels. They were both very tasty.For the main course we had the lamb shank and the chilean sea bass. The lamb shank was fall of the bone tender and wonderfully flavorful - the sea bass on sea bean salad was really really good- very well composed and balanced.The desserts were very good too - Hadden liked the peanut butter chocolate the best and I like the Brown Butter Peach. Good food, nice intimate but casual setting. This is a definite Phoenix must-try and a great date spot.
4	Came for a work event at the Rendezvous Room so I'm already happy since I don't have to take expense into consideration. We were served a 3 course meal during an educational powerpoint presentation. They also had a great spread of cheeses, salami, and wine while guests arrived. I really liked the salami, and any time you can demonstrate great seasoning with dried meats, I'm all for it. By the time the food started, it was already ~8pm, so I devoured that first salad course. Coming from someone whose yelp tagline is "what are these strange things you call vegetables," I think that's a supreme compliment. Nothing tasted raw (which is usually why I dislike veggies), and the sugared pecans really complemented the course well. The entree is where I took a star off. I expected deliciousness from the filet, but it was just average. Dessert was delectable though, as they served up a peach tart that blew me away. I would go back for that in a heartbeat, and it didn't feel heavy at all even after eating for ~2 hours
3	I came for Restaurant Week, and with gratuity, my husband and I spent over $100 for our prixe fixe dinner.  Sadly we simply weren't as impressed as I thought we would be.  The dining room was miniscule and overwhelmingly loud, the service was slightly slower than I'd expect (but gracious enough) and the entrees and desserts didn't impress us very much; mine being too salty and cold and his being too bland and cold.  I suspect some of these hitches were due to the high volume of other diners for Restaurant Week and the crowded layout of the old location, so I'll definitely be trying them again.  And I'm looking forward that second chance since their new location is about a block away from my house and I can literally walk there now.
5	My Fiance and I have been coming here for the last 3 years. Food and service is as advertised. Its a bit on a expensive side but we're firm believers that you get what you pay for. Their fillet has to be one of the best in town. Every time we go they pare it differently and I love that. The old building was small and romantic, can't wait to visit the new building. It's a must try on a special ocassion!
2	Went for restaurant week. Had the brie to start. Sounded a lot better than it was. Barely warm brie, some dry apples on top, don't know what was carmelized about them, some fruit on the side and some toast. I saw nothing that was bruleed. Dinner partner had the Escargot, which was good. Second course was petite filet mignon. Petite is right! I should have paid better attention to that word. I was pretty surprised at how little it was. It came with decent sauce, three warm tomato slices and maybe 5 small pieces of potato wedge. I've had better steak fries. Disappointed. Dinner partner had the sea bass, nice flavor but also tiny portion!! Other dinner partner had the pasta. That was good and thank goodness he let me have some or I would have stopped at Culver's on the way home. Their fries are better than what I got by the way. Last course was Hazelnut Tarte. Pretty boring chocolate in boring non-flakey pastry with a few pieces of nut on top. Not impressed. Had called previously to see if their portions were smaller for restaurant week. They told me I wouldn't go away hungry. Wrong. Service was lackluster, had to wait quite a while between courses, had to ask for drinks to be refilled.  I'm sad that I wasted one of my restaurant week picks here. Won't be back.
