4	As far as Korean food goes, it is authentic. However in Pittsburgh, don't imagine that the Korean restaurants are on par w/ places in other urban centers. It's sort of the place I go to when I'm desperate to eat Korean food. Korea Garden is actually pretty decently priced for Korean food. There is a upstairs room if you come with a large group. And they are very accommodating.Parking can be a challenge though.
4	Quite tasty Korean food.  My Korean friends like this place, which is how I discovered it.  I would go with a group of at least 3 - 4 people so you can order several dishes and share.  It will cost around $15/person this way.
3	Wow, was that some oily bulgogi.... Although that by itself doesn't warrant 3 stars, only offering 3 plates of banchan does!!! What Korean restaurant only offers THREE banchan dishes? That's like opening up a McDonald's and only offer one type of burger. Anyway, it wasn't thoroughly disappointing, but it was pricey and we didn't even get the full-service banchan that I'm used to =( And I'm sorry if I sound like a jackass, but coming from LA I'm sure this restaurant would go bankrupt if it had to compete against more authentic Korean places. My 2c.
4	definately the best korean place in pittsburgh i know of...although that's not saying much. drinks are damn expensive and the food is ok for the price, but there's not really any other option out here.
4	I would give this place a 4.5.  The only drawback is that it can get crowded since it's one of the few Korean restaurants in Pittsburgh.  This restaurant isn't known for it's decor, but the food is great!  FOOD:  We always get the ja-jang myun which is very flavorful.  We also got the hot braised chicken, which is fried (not too greasy) and spicy enough to taste the flavor of the chicken.  We also got the seafood fried rice, which I like better than the Chinese version.  Overall, the food is great and the price is reasonable.TIP:  Parking is hard to find, so good luck in finding street parking!
3	To say this is the best Korean place in Pittsburgh wouldn't be fair. Considering there are only like 3 restaurants that serve Korean food, kind of hard to make a statement like that. In any event, if you're looking for Korean food, this place isn't bad. Might actually be on the good side even. It's a small quaint little place so you'd probably pass by here and not even know it. Parking around here is almost impossible considering it's on the same street as a bar, beer distributor and a pizza/sub joint. The food here is par for what Korean food is. Nothing great, nothing bad, but kind of in the middle. Place is a bit pricey for the food in my opinion but definitely a nice change of pace from the usual subs and pizza for lunch. Worth a try at least.
3	Korea Garden's BBQ is 191873904172x better than Sushi Kim's BBQ.  Since Sushi Kim's bulgogi is sosososo bad, that really isn't saying much.  Korea Garden's bulgogi actually has flavoring, sauce, and is NOT like eating rubber paper.  The number of side dishes at Korean Garden is not as plentiful as other Korean restaurants that I have been to.  I cannot complain about that shortcoming because in Pittsburgh, the sample size of Korean Food is '2' .  The beef short rib is a little thick.I have only taken the food to-go, so I cannot comment on the service.  The hostess who takes my order has always been very courteous, cute, and nice.  Make sure you park legally, as I have seen several tow trucks in the area.
2	The Korean food is so-so compared to the awesome Korean joints I've been to in Chicago, LA, NYC, and San Francisco. Granted, it would be unfair to compare a Korean restaurant in Pittsburgh with those in these cities, I can't help but be a bit disappointed.I would stay away from the soondooboo chigae. Not much seafood and bland soup base. The kimchi chigae is decent. The prices are high for the quality. I was disappointed by the lack of some key Korean dishes on their menu (i.e. maewoontang).Korea Garden does the job if I don't have time to cook and am having a serious Korean food craving. Otherwise, I'd prefer to spend my money elsewhere.
2	Someone really needs to fix up a Korean restaurant with good tasting Korean food.I come here when I really crave some Korean food... but it's not that good. It's tolerable.Once when I came here, they gave me egg soup with noodles .... without the noodles! The jjajangmyun is bland, and so is the soondooboo. They have a karaoke room upstairs for parties which is fun, but it does cost an arm and leg since there is no other asian-karaoke options near the area.
4	Decent Korean food... granted, there aren't many good places in Pittsburgh for Korean food compared to NY, but this will do.  I only come here to get the Bulgogi lunch box special (around $8 plus tax and tip), which is not a bad deal.  It comes with salad, ONE (!) dumpling, rice, kimchi, and a miso soup.  Sometimes, they serve you hot tea for free (if they don't, you should just ask for it and they'll give it to you).  They don't really give you that many side dishes though, which is surprising and disappointing...The service is not bad, it's usually a cute Korean girl running around to serve everyone.  The restaurant isn't that big, but it's not that small either (like Oiishi).  Parking can be hard to find since Korea Garden is tucked away in the slums of University of Pittsburgh off campus housing, as we affectionately call it, so it'll call for street parking.  I think there is a parking lot, but I haven't seen it yet.Personally, I think Oiishi Bento has better Korean food :p but Korea Garden is not bad, especially for Pittsburgh.
3	Quality of food and the prices were good. Our only complaint was that they ran out of seafood pancakes. Silky Tofu was very good.It's not very easy to find. We would go back.
4	The food is good. Although the menu is a little bit overpriced, lunch bento offers an economy choice. I love soondubu and spicy pork bulgogi here.
2	Okay for when you're craving Korean food, and don't want to cook at home. The restaurant is nice sized, plenty of space to sit and eat. It's not overly decorated with gawdy trinkets, well lit, and more typical of family run places. If it's your first time looking for Korea Garden it's easy to miss, since you have to navigate the maze of one way narrow streets of Oakland, and be careful where you park, since you can block someone's driveway without even realizing it. It's like the street, some sidewalk, and driveway are all one block of asphalt with no clear markings.The service is pleasant, and attentive, not smothering. They say a place can be judged by it's panchan offering, but being in Pittsburgh, I'd say the offerings are decent, and they refilled on request. The bulgogi is usually a safe way to get a feel of the place, and it was okay, nothing spectacular, I really miss the open fire cooked bulgogi you can get in larger cities with a larger Korean population. I also had the chajangmyun, noodles with black bean sauce, and while it took care of my craving, it was no where near what I've had in Dallas, L.A., or northern VA. Pricing is reasonable, considering making Korean food at home is time consuming. I do prefer Korea Garden over Sushi Kim, going on taste alone.
4	My favorite Korean place in Pittsburgh, the food is delicious, decent service for a Korean place (i.e. Korean restuarant are not known for their services). My favorite dish are korean pancakes and tofu and seafood stew.
4	Not a fancy place, the food is very good though. Try the kimchi pancake. I highly recommend it.
4	Definitely a fan of this place.  They have a wide range of options and they are all very tasty.  Also the staff is great.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  I will definitely be back!
4	I'm a regular visitor to Pittsburgh and everytime I come, my husband and I try our best to hunt for good Korean food (hard to find in Pittsburgh). We went here for the first time on a recent Sunday for lunch, and it was bustling with Korean people slurping their soups and noodles, splitting big plates of bossam (steamed pork belly)... mmmm.... I love going into Korean restaurants where the special menu items are written in Korean and hanging on the wall.We ended up ordered jajangmyun and tangsooyuk -- the Korean riff on Chinese black bean noodles and sweet and sour meat (in this case, beef.) It really hit the spot. Korean food options are limited in Pittsburgh, but Korea Garden is a place I'd go again and again.
5	My wife and I are both of Korean descent. We have eaten at the best Korean restaurants in Northern New Jersey in the Palisade Park and Fort Lee area and we can both unequivocally say that Korea Garden has food that is comparable to those restaurants. We have had the bi bim bap which was the best ever. Other outstanding dishes were the cham pong (spicy seafood noodle soup), soon du bu (soft tofu soup), kim chi jii gae (kimchi stew), bul go gi (marinated beef), ja jang myun (noodles in peking sauce), tang soo yook (sweet and sour beef) and the sweet and sour chicken. It is rare to find a restaurant that can make Korean as well as Korean-Chinese dishes this well. The service was fine. The owner and waitstaff are very nice. Try it you'll love it. Don't be fooled by the exterior or neighborhood.
4	Authentic food, cozy environment , recommendations are #61#73, service is little bit slow, you usually wait for 20mins to get your dishes.
3	I was craving Korean food so my bf took me here. We both never tried the place but decided to give it a try. It was during Sunday lunch and luckily it wasn't too busy so we got our food quickly and the service was great considering it was just one guy waiting on 4 tables. My bf got the black bean noodles. He said it was okay. I think the sauce might have been from a frozen pack and not home made. I got the kim chi jigae. It was good. Nice and spicy and hit my kimchi craving. We also got the duk bok gi and that was really yummy.Overall this place was okay. Not spectacular, but okay. Some of the prices are expensive compared to other places I've eaten. Otherwise, good place to go if you want to have a quick Korean meal.
1	It is a huge disappointment. The food is very expensive and taste is not too special from what people made in their kitchen at home.
2	I'll start by saying that I lived in Korea for 2.5 years and my wife is Korean, so I am a bit picky, yet knowledgeable.Korea Garden is pricey for what it is, they know they will attract the Korean students and workers in the Oakland area no matter what.  The food is decent, but not worth the price most of the time.  It's quite salty, much like it is in a restaurant in Seoul for half the price.  The dumpling soup which is a staple of mine was very salty and didn't have much beef flavor.  The dumpling filling had a strange taste.  I've also gotten the cold buckwheat noodles, good but we can make better at home for a quarter the price (one of the cheaper dishes to make in America).  My wife usually gets the typical Korean soup, she says it's salty and just okay.There are better Korean places in the city.  We've been here twice and won't be going a third time.
2	Coming from Atlanta, I was shocked by the lack of Korean restaurants here. I am used to the "Korea Town" feel of Gwinett County and I have to say that Korea Garden is pretty subpar compared to what you are "supposed" to get. I ordered the "Seafood" tofu soup and my friend had the jia jiang mien(spelling?) and the kam poong-gi ("fried" chicken dish). The Seafood tofu soup had virtually no seafood other than baby shrimp, but it had an abundance of mushrooms (apparently, the "other" seafood). The jia jiang mien tasted like spaghetti mixed in with some bland sauce and the kam poong-gi was disgustingly soggy and sticky, and overloaded with chopped carrots.Not only was the food terrible, but it is overpriced! I paid $4 more for tofu soup here than what I would in Atlanta, but then again this restaurant has virtually no competitors here compared to Atlanta. Also, there are some poor management decisions here due to possible stinginess? stupidity? only god knows what. Why would ANY manager put only TWO waiters to cater to the entire restaurant on a Saturday night????? The poor waiters were running back and forth, literally, and there were a lot of disgruntled customers. I never even got my drink refilled once, but I cant complain because there were people next to me who didnt get their drinks until AFTER they got their food (which took an extremely long time already). Afterwards, many people sat at their tables waiting for 15-20 minutes for their checks.If the food doesnt drive people away, the service certainly will. Maybe I just got the worst items on the menu, since there are more positive reviews than negative, but If you must have Korean food,  I guess this is an okay place to go. I would advise you to bring a water bottle if you decide or happen to go on a busy night so you dont choke on your subpar food.
3	It's very hard to find parking around this place. Otherwise, they have Decent Korean food for Pittsburgh standard.  Its better and cheaper than Green Pepper.
5	Best Korean food I've found in Pittsburgh. I'm a huge fan of soondubu, and everywhere else has left me disappointed. Plus, when I ask for "extra spicy", it has a good kick to it!Sure, it's not the best Korean food I've ever had. But it's better than anything in Pittsburgh, and reasonably priced too!Oh, and they apparently have 2 Karaoke rooms upstairs. Never been, but it's entertaining to hear people sing during your meal.
4	There aren't many Korean restaurants in Pittsburgh, but this is where most of the Koreans in Pittsburgh I know go to get Korean food. The food is a little bit pricy but less expensive than Green Pepper and more authentic than Oiishi Bento. Although I'm not Korean so I can't really say what's authentic or not, it's always full of Koreans and all my international Korean friends like it. My favorite is the seafood pancake and bibimpap. Love the scorched rice at the bottom.I've been to the Karaoke rooms once. You can rent out a private room, but it gets pricey. They have a range of both Korean and American songs, mostly mainstream music.
3	The cold noodles are too pricey. You can get same stuff with half of the price in any other Korean restaurant.
5	Want authentic Korean food?  This is it.. More expensive then other states but I give them five stars for authentic taste especially after eating at sushi kims.
4	I have been a bit sad ever since my beloved Dasonii closed its doors in nearby Robinson.  I'm finding that there are not a lot of Korean food options.  So, it requires a little more planning if I want something a little different from Chinese or Thai.I made the drive into Oakland to try out Korea Garden.  I really had a craving for Galbi (beef shortribs) and there isn't a lunch option - just the dinner size.  At $26, it better be good.  And it was.  Plus, it was served with 5 amazing side dishes (Banchan) and I enjoyed them except for the one seaweed one.  The texture wasn't for me but it was still tasty.  The rest I pretty much finished off with the very tender beef shortribs and white rice.My wife went with the much cheaper Bulgogi lunch box.  It came with a huge bowl of miso soup, fried rice, one fried dumpling and a heaping helping of Kimchi.  The total post tax and pre-tip for lunch was $40.  We came during a pretty busy lunch service and service was very friendly and attentive.  We lucked out on finding a parking space right across the street from the restaurant.  And apparently, there is a parking lot behind the restaurant - you just need to ask for a parking pass when you leave.All in all, worth the drive and we were both very happy with our lunch choices.  I'll definitely be back to this place.
2	Very pricy and food is ok. I prefer these take out place around Atwood better.
4	Overall, great restaurant and the food is really tasty. I think it's a little bit too expensive for the location (South Oakland, student residental area), but if you are not a poor student you can spoil yourself from time to time with delicious Korean food. I really like it there now after they renovated.
3	Good Korean food, but just wayyyy too expensive for their quality. I don't think anyone in their right mind should charge $20 on bulgogi without any quality sides like fish or scrambled egg, potatoes or tofu soup combinations...they don't even do that in LA restaurants!! Good food, but they're taking advantage with their pricing. Average cost for two people is about $50 meal, without appetizers or dessert and maybe just ONE beer. The first time I went here, their food was really good. The second time, it got really oily and sparse...and they added too much onions to fulfill the plate. Would go here again, but not as often as I'd like to, or at least til I find another local Korean joint.
3	Western PA is very scarce of korean restaurants. Parking is very limited and on the street. If I wasn't looking carefully, I probably just skipped this place. Not really visual.I ordered Pork Belly (Sam Kyup Sal), but the price is ridiculous. The price of all the meat items are ridiculous and the portion was small. I could eat more than one portion, but the price was too stiff for me.The taste was okay. Other than meat menu items, others little better priced.
4	This is restaurant is undoubtedly understaffed. There were two employees at the front in charge of hosting, waiting, and busing all of the tables as well as managing phone orders. It was obvious they were stressed and continuously in a rush. Having one more employee working the front would make dining here flow significantly smoother. Based on the prices of the entrees, it seems management should be able to afford another server.The prices for the Korean entrees are high. The menu items under Korean BBQ averaged about $30 per entree. In order to use the stoves at the table you need to order at least two of such entrees. Also, the BBQ portions are limited. In New York, I've seen Korean BBQ buffets for $30 per person, but never this much for just one portion of Bulgogi or Spare Ribs. The Korean non-BBQ dishes average over $20 per entree.The Japanese and Korean-Chinese dishes were priced com the range of about $7 - $20 with different prices during lunch or dinner for certain items.I opted for the Ban Jai (steak and shrimp). My only complaint was that the steak was well done; otherwise, the shrimp and mushrooms were good. The Nam Jai is a bento box which also came with fried dumplings, fried rice, crab sticks, kimchi, and cucumber & carrot salad. I thought all of the sides except the crabmeat were very good.I think Korea Garden has some of the best Asian good on Oakland. I would certainly return for a different bento box!Oh, and paper towels are located outside the restrooms.
4	I haven't had a korean food for such a long time since my last visit at Sushi Kim, which I swear never to go back again.Like the previous reviewer mentioned - this place is "waaay" understaffed and hopefully the owners will recognize this issue and at least have one extra employee during peak hours before it's too late.The prices for the bbq seemed a bit high especially for the amount served but the rest at least for me seemed reasonable.So far, I've been here twice and both times the food has been great but the service as usual a little slower - not because they were unattentive or bad , it's just that there were only two people working upfront as a server, buss er and a host.If you're looking to get a quick bite - then this may not be the ideal place to get one. Just saying...
4	A bit pricey, but  was really impressed with the quality (especially for a place in Oakland).
4	It is always a pleasure to eat here. Their stews are amazing! The flavor they impart into the broth is both complex and well balanced. I highly recommend both the Sun Du Bu and Den Jang Jji Geh. Soooo tasty! They also provide  4 different kimchi accompaniments - cabbage, seaweed, radish and bean spouts. Korea Garden's menu includes dishes from an assortment of Asian cuisines - Korean (obviously), Japanese, Chinese and Vietnamese. Depending on your dish, the prices are reality cheap, especially if you are getting the Bento box for lunch. This place is fantastic for large groups of around 8-12 people. The food arrives together in a cloud of steam. It's impressive how hot all the dishes are when they arrive at the table for large groups. Korean Garden is a great little hideaway restaurant in Oakland. The food is authentic, consistently delicious and never disappoints.
4	Sadly it looks like there're only 3 Korean restaurants in PGH. :'( I'm debating about giving it 3 or 4 stars. The taste seems to be better than Green Pepper. But the portion is kinda small. Smaller than before at least. It seems the price is getting more expensive. I just really miss the Korean restaurants in SF now. (Tears)
2	The menu was comprehensive and we ordered several dishes, but none of them were particularly good.  The bibimbap was room temperature but otherwise acceptable.  The shrimp and scallop bento box was covered in mushrooms (which were not listed on the menu but made up the majority of the dish... not a happy surprise for someone who despises mushrooms.  In fact they were the cheap western mushrooms that seemed only to be there to bulk out the dish.  Nasty.)  The japchae was passable but far from the best I've head.  At least it wasn't greasy but the sauce it was in was not quite what it could have been. Its on a dirty little street and hard to find and way overpriced.  We won't be going back.
4	This is the real thing.I was told by a Korean friend that THIS was the most authentic Korean food in Pittsburgh. I'm sold.  We had the giant seafood pancake as an appetizer (it is enough for 4 folks, so it is worth it). I ordered the bento box bolgogi, which was a little smorgasbord of Korean foods and was excellent. My companions ordered stews, one of which was the tofu and seafood stew, also excellent.  The stews arrive at the table vigorously boiling in the bowl, which is a bit off putting, but better than it arriving cold...  It's well worth going to the Pitt ghetto of South Oakland for the experience of eating here.  They have a cooler full of beer. When we walked in the place was filled with Koreans and, which suggests that my friend was correct. Later Pitt students began to fill the place ( I was told to go early, which is good advice for Saturday night).
3	So disappointed. The service was great but the food was bland. The bulgogi bento box comes with fried rice but it is not listed on the menu. My husband isn't a fan of it so after it was served we asked for white rice. The waitress informed us it would be an extra $2 . It just didn't  seem fair since its not listed but we asked for it anyway. So here we are eating our meal and we are both looking at each other with sad eyes. The bulgogi bento box, well let's just say that the white rice was the best part of that meal. The bulgogi was so bland and the dumplings tasted funny. My bim bim bap wasn't bad, it was just okay. We won't be going back.
4	I have been here three times so far and every time the food has been great and the service has been good. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's a family-run, authentic Korean restaurant where the experience is in the food--not in the decor. The price of the food is much closer to how much Korean cuisine costs in bigger cities with sizable Korean communities. Unlike Green Pepper in Squirrel Hill, it's not overpriced.The first time I ordered the Mool Naeng Myeon, which were buckwheat noodles with beef and radishes plus Asian pear slices. It came with a cold salty broth to pour over it. Good ratio of meat to noodles but it was hard to finish as it was a large serving. I got the Bi Bim Bap the second time in a normal bowl, super delicious and full of crunchy veggies. Last night I ordered the Soon Du Bu which is a stew of silken tofu and shrimp, squid pieces, and mushroom. It was the most delicious thing I've ever eaten at a Korean place--the tofu melted in my mouth like butter, and the broth was savory and delicious. It came with a small bowl of rice. The egg was nice and runny, perfect for piercing over the rice.The Banchan here is pretty standard--musaengchae (Korean radish), kimchi, and kongnamul (bean sprouts). The radish is my favorite! Everything is made in-house, too. It still cracks me up that they give you Wrigley's double mint gum with your check, but, hey, I guess you need it after eating here. I love this place and hope it sticks around for decades!
4	Oakland's best kept secret! Don't be fooled by their exterior- tucked away in South Oakland, behind the simple storefront is the most authentic Korean food you will find in the city! It is a cute family run restaurant with delicious food and great service. They also have Korean BBQ! These dishes are prepared at your table on a gas grill that is actually built into the table itself. I ordered the beef short ribs which came with a few different side dishes (fresh and pickled vegetables) and rice. This cooking method makes for a very fun dining experience and is good for sharing with friends, family and loved ones.
4	As authentic as Korean food can get. Great value and very nice and courteous staff. If you order two items from their BBQ menu you get to grill the items right at your table.
4	As a person who lived in Korea for three years I will definitely vouch for the authenticity. The portions are substantial. The only major difference from Korea is how much meat they pack into the dishes. I was very impressed with how meaty the dumplings (mandu) were. I have had Korean food in DC, St Louis and Oakland and by far Korea Garden has the boldest, truest spices. The kimchi is actually spicy and the spicy pork put a fire in my belly (in a good way). My wife ate kimchi stew and was also very happy. The server was very friendly and made sure my cup was always full. Cons: keeping Korea Garden out of the five star rank is the slightly high price range, lack of parking  and the servers lack of English. So speak Korean if you have any special requests.  If you order "as is" they understand the numbers and you really can't go wrong. I would give a 4.5 if possible. Delicious. If you want real Korean food in Pittsburgh, this is a must try.
4	The food here is substantial, delicious and seems very authentic. Most of the other patrons were Korean, which is always a good sign. The wait staff was very attentive and refilled our hot tea often. The food came quickly. We had the Dolsot Bi Bim Bap and all the sizzling ingredients were quality and tasty. It was accompanied by a miso soup and five small bowls of assorted pickled and fresh veggies, which we were not expecting because the menu didn't mention them. They were delicious, too!Now for the few negatives: The ambiance is lacking. The place is not decorated at all,  and the hot tea is served out of ugly plastic pitchers which grow cold too quickly. Parking is difficult because it is in a residential section of the university neighborhood. But these are the only negatives. I will be back because of the delicious food and the kind service.
