5	Well then. Where to start?It's brilliant.  Yeap, that sounds a good start.With it's simple design and layout you get a chilled out space with plenty wall sockets to zap up that laptop battery and free wifi to navigate the internet - what more could you want?Coffee? Check!  Flatwhite is pretty much awesome with it's artistic rosetta done by Scottish Barista.Treats? Check!  I choose by recommendation by the Barista a Coconut Shortbread by artisian Pinnes & Poppies - Delicious!Mmmm.  Yeap gonna be up there on my top ten!
5	The whole post industrial look thats popular so screams hipster but staff are lovely - chatty and friendly. And its not too hipsterish!Coffee is ace - went for a latte but yum! Sold. The chocolate caramel gluten free brownie from Suki Bakes is awesome - definitely the best brownie I've ever had and as GF peeps know, we mostly suffer from brownie fatigue! Other GF options available too. Plenty of fresh water carafes available so you can help yourself.A great addition to Victoria Street!
4	I totally love what they've done with Filament - in a city that's well known for great coffee shops this is up there as one of my favourites! We only popped in for takeaway but there were 8 of us getting coffee to go plus a few cakes so I can happily say that I hung around and smelled the roses/coffee for a while and really did like what I saw.According to Jenny L, this is the full proper Melbourne experience when it comes to ordering, sampling and enjoy your coffee - very stripped back, very few choices (this is the point) and leaving your coffee's future in the hands of their skilled baristas. The coffee was damn good, a very good flat white in fact!The setting is also cool and very atmospheric with lots of open spaces, open plan and somewhere you could definitely take a load off for a while. Nice work Filament!
5	In its prime spot at the top of Victoria Street, this delightfully industrial style coffee shop is quickly becoming one of my faves. Alternative, slightly rustic decor, with art on the walls and free wifi. A perfect spot for a freelancer like me to work in & feel inspired. Now onto the coffee. Divine. I always have a flat white & they are served in mint cups and saucers with pretty latte art every time. Lovely. The staff are friendly & always let you know where the coffee you're drinking is from.The menu at Filament Coffee is small which adds to the authenticity of what they are, which is all about coffee. They have a few simple food options like avo on toast (nice!) and a good selection of tempting sweet treats. Definitely check it out.
5	I met this cute guy working at the hanging bat, who works here at filament to, and had the brazen balls to say this is better than artisan roast. A few days later, I'm finally here to test it out. First, said barista is here, and remembered me. The place had tall ceilings, lots of light, the typical chalk board and raw wood bar that is everywhere, as if it were a bundled package new cafes are required to purchase. It's nice, just not nicer than the hundreds of other cafes. Their display of pastries is cute, and they look locally made and delicious (no glen free, so sadly I had to forgo).Now the coffee - it raised my eyebrows. And about ten minutes later it raised my hair. All of it. It. Is. Good.
4	Lots of space and seating.  Coffee changes weekly. It's a nice location close to old town.  And the room is really open - you definitely don't feel crowded in here.
