4	This is ABC #6 and there must be twenty of these in Charlotte because you can't purchase beer and liquor in the same place.  It's quite possibly the cleanest liquor store I've ever been to and when you walk in there's a display with a pie chart in the shape of a liquor bottle, showing you what percentage of your purchase goes to taxes.  Regarding the liquor selection, it's definitely limited.  And forget special ordering since they only offer by the case, meaning 12 bottles and they (the store clerks) say it can take 3 to 6 months to arrive.Since there's no wine or beer here, you can go around the corner to Total Wine &  More on the other side of Wendy's or visit the Harris Teeter in the same shopping complex.
5	Every kind of hard liquor you can think of is here and in different sizes. Staff super nice.
4	Aside from the death-trap gauntlet that you have to pass to get into the parking lot for this ABC location [corner of Park & Woodlawn] it's a pretty solid ABC store.  Not to big and not too small... I think Goldilocks would definitely like this store and its offerings.  It is very clean and has a decent selection.  I visited because I was in search of an alcoholic secret santa gift.  It was about 1:30 in the afternoon so the store was not busy at all - they were actually doing some restocking and then dealing with some really happy people to be out of work on their lunch break buying booze for the company office party (I'm assuming it was that night).The clerk greeted me as soon as I got into the store and also offered to help me find anything if I was looking for something specific.I did get carded... so that earns an extra star in-itself.  I guess as I get older (and less carded) I get a little giddy when it does happen.Will I drive across town to visit this ABC store?  probably not, but it's definitely a solid one to service those folks that live in the Dillworth/Southpark area.
4	The Mecklenburg ABC store here is decent.Selections - They have all your spirits and liquids that you need.  They don't have my favorite cognac here, but that is okay. Service - nice. I know you were eyeing at me, because of my age!! But rest assured, I am beyond old enough to drink. I will take that as a compliment.Price - as any other ABC stores, just a tad bit pricier than I am used to. Just a 'tad' bit.
