4	Small, new market and restaurant at SE corner of Ray and Alma School. All the way at back of Water & Ice strip mall. Replaced a Mexican market, I think?Real small place stocked with middle eastern pantry basics--quality rice, green cracked olives, grape leaves, hommous, couscous, plenty of spices and olive oils, tea, hookahs for sale, etc.Restaurant run by jovial proprietor has excellent food--gyros, shawarma and best falafel I've had--ordered it four times! Reasonable prices.Pop in for a bite or pick up to go; delicious!
1	Yes the owner is really nice and they do have a really old grocery store (which means most of the ethnic stuff they are selling are old)But commenting on the food, I had the baba ganoush and the Kefta kebab. The ganoush was bitter (methinks came out of can with citric acid and other preservatives imparting the bitter taste)The Kefta wasn't that bad (but I have had better) however the: tzatziki enveloping the kefta was bitter. I have found the same phenomenon in Spices on the other side of 101. Either that is how it is made or else they both are using canned stuff to feed to us.
3	Jerusalem (Market)... Went here on a couple of occasions, though I only got one thing, the chicken shawarma. The few times I went there they were a relatively new restaurant and so I guess they were still trying to iron out some kinks.  Mom and pop cook the food, son watches the phone orders and takes payments. The sit down area is small, but you should probably get your food to go anyways.Chicken shawarma is tasty, has lots of flavor, comes with ample amounts of veggies and sauce. It's a big watery at the end, I remember a few times when I got the sauce on me, but that's what makes it good.Service is kind of bad here. I remember I came here once and ordered some fries with my shawarma, I felt bad ordering FOUR of the $1.99 shawarma sandwich specials. They decided it'd be a good idea to fry the fries on a stove top pan filled with oil. It really wasn't a good idea, it took about 20 minutes to get the fries done. That wasn't the only thing, I saw people who ordered the same thing as us get their food like 15 minutes faster, despite coming in 5 minutes later. That doesn't really make sense at all.Good family, they should consider getting 1-2 more people for help especially during busy hours if they want to improve. Its a darn shame because their food is top notch, its kind of a hole-in-a-wall type restaurant. The food on the shelf looks really old, I wouldn't particularly go there for any grocery. They still have some kinks to iron out.
3	The service here was great, and the people were very friendly. The gyro was a little on the lean side, a lot of lettuce and very little meat. The Hummus was good, but not what most people in the valley are used to. I would have given it 3 1/2 stars if yelp would have let me.
4	We ordered out for delievery from them for the first time this past week. Now, a lot of places here have Gryo's but not this good. I haven't had a Gryo this good in 15 plus years. The fries were actually pretty good too especially for delievery fries. This is our new go-to place for Gryo's.
4	Friendly owners. Gyro was good, as was the shish-kebob. Very small space to eat in if you have a bigger party than 4 ppl. after eating, they were eager to find out my experience, as they are relatively new and it's a family business. when I told them that the hummos was kind of lemony, they said that they used to make it more garlicky and less lemony, but that the people around here complained! I told them they should make it authentic next time. The hummos you can buy in manufactured packages are usually dry and untasty, and we went there mainly for authentic hummos. Quite nice people.you can watch TV (they had a football game going when we ate there) and my 7-yr old son loves food from other countries; they have the option of getting fries on the side, in case kids eat there (or adults who don't want rice, even).  the salad was excellent
2	I would suggest skipping, but full disclosure, I only ate here once.  And it's unlikely I'll return. The rice and gyro meat we ordered were decent but overpriced for the portion and quality (reg. $9.99) and the meat was dry. We used every ounce of the tziki sauce they gave us to enliven that meat. The store/cafe looks a bit disorganized, but I overlooked it. What I did not overlook was the bathroom. It was locked so our server opened it with a credit card from his wallet. Once inside . . . I'll spare you the details.  Just know it was bad.The staff was friendly though.
1	All I have to say is what you see on the menu is not what you're gonna get. and if you're ok with cockroaches on the walls and floors, the this is the place to eat.
