3	I ate lunch here today and thought it was great.  Delicious chicken shawarma!  The atmosphere is genuine: every single person I saw in there was speaking Arabic, the TV was on a Yemen satellite station showing a soccer game, and the food was authentic.  Don't let the authenticity be intimidating, though.  I only speak English and everyone was very welcoming and also speaks English.  I will definitely be back to try more of their food, hopefully very soon.
2	03/06/10I rarely find myself in this part of Phoenix, so when I knew I was going to be in the area, I had two places in mind for a late lunch.  I was hoping to dine at Bobby Q, but I found the prices a bit too steep to dine alone, so I headed here.Found the menu uninteresting that day, perhaps bec. I was looking forward to good bbq fare, but I finally settled on the basics- hummus and falafel.  For those who care, the falafel were fried in soybean oil.  (Most places I've inquired at use corn, and sometimes peanut, oil.)  The platter looked very appetizing, but don't be fooled!  The hummus was very bland, and the falafel pieces weren't that great, either.  I had to ask for lemon to get some flavor out of the falafel, and the hummus' saving grace was that it lent the falafel some lubrication.  The pita bread was probably the best thing out of the whole meal, and that's not saying much.Afterwards, I checked out the bakery next door for some expensive baklava.  I chose three varieties, and I found them all too heavy on soggy phyllo and lacking in honey.  $13 for terrible baklava and $7 (or more) on less than mediocre hummus and falafel made for such a disappointing adventure that day.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  Not even to anyone that didn't like me.  (But then again, I'd never do that, anyway.)
4	The place is small and simple, the staff is very friendly, and the food is good and reasonably priced. I got the chicken shawarma dinner for lunch and a can of soda for less than $11.00. I would have taken half of the dinner home for dinner, but before I knew it, I had eaten most of it. I thoroughly enjoyed it and I plan on returning in the near future.
4	Good food. Very consistent in taste. Excellent buffet at lunch. Nice South indian variety in weekends buffet.-1 star: Service can be improved. I do ToGo's much nowdays.Try their chicken sheek kabab its good here.
5	This place has some of the best gyro and chicken shawarma wraps I've ever had in Phoenix! The yogurt sauce is perfect and the spices are delicious. The wraps are packed with food, and the fries have a delicious seasoning added (that isn't too salty). The owner is very nice, we always feel very welcomed when we come in. I'm excited to see what the rest of their menu is like! Essentially, here you will get delicious middle eastern food at a very low price. :)
5	Gyros, Chicken Shawarma, and hummus. Good food, food prices.
