3	I expected something unique.  What I found was Ikea's older twin sister, just more expensive.
1	What.  The.   Heck. ??    Be prepared for sticker shock!  I walked in, through the store, and made a hasty straight line back to exit.  And over and across the road to Crate & Barrel  - Ahhhhhh - much better!  Whew!
3	When you graduate from college, get a real job, and chuck all your shitty particle board IKEA furniture, you will come to West Elm. The stuff looks nicer than IKEA, is better quality, and costs a lot more. The designs are more sophisticated, though, and I was pleasantly surprised upon my first visit a couple weeks ago (especially since I'd never seen a catalog) to help a friend pick up a ton of stuff for her new office.And then we went to ASSEMBLE it all and I had post-traumatic stress disorder style flashbacks to the Allen wrench nightmares of assembling all the stupid IKEA furniture in my condo. Instructions with few words, only pictures with arrows and numbers. It took two girls with doctorates a ridiculous amount of time and cussing to put together a seemingly simple bookcase. We both have rug burns on our knees from wrestling the damn thing around and my ass and legs are so sore I can barely stand up. Maybe I am just hopelessly out of shape, but still. Once the pieces were assembled, they did indeed look lovely and are definitely far better in quality than their cheap IKEA counterparts. The little mirror-covered end tables are gorgy, as is the desk. I wasn't as impressed with the lighting fixtures, but I'm probably just bitter after having to put them together.I will be back when it comes time to replace my own furniture, for sure, but I'll be pre-medicating before the assembly process with a few glasses of wine. Oh, and one weird thing - in the store, they have all these beautiful thick slabs of wood scattered around, to put candles on or whatever, and when I asked how much they were, I was told they weren't for sale. ??? What is that? They had them in huge quantities, stacked up on tables with other merchandise, but they weren't for sale. Just weird.
4	When West Elm came to the Scottsdale Quarter, it was my first experience with the store. I've been back quite a few times since. I am not a huge fan of the modern look, but they have some great pieces that I worked into my home. In particular, they have great rugs (although limited sizes). I also love the accessories. I have some hurricanes, vase fillers, vases, etc that are great. I love west elm for unique pieces. I will note that I have not bought any furniture - not my style. Some have noted that Crate and Barrel is less expensive, and I would say it may be somewhat - although they are pretty similar. What I like about West Elm is that it is less common, therefore the pieces are more unique. One thing that I read in another review that I experienced as well were items on the sales floor that they did not actually sell. In particular, I loved this dome over the candles, but they said they don't sell them. I don't think it makes much sense to have home decor items in a home decor store that are not for sale. All and all, I like it!
4	West Elm offers an alternative to Ikea and Crate and Barrel.  The look is modern, the feel is timeless, and the pieces are great for people who don't want their home to be either masculine or feminine.  West Elm also has an eye towards eco-fashion and sustainability.  One can purchase recycled glass bottles or art made by an indie artist from scavenged materials.  You'll feel like you're getting something a little different from all the cookie-cutter home furnishings out there, and that something is sturdier and well-made.When I visited the Scottsdale Quarter store, there were some associates who seemed a little "green"--i.e., they weren't sure what to do with a new customer.  There were plenty there that were seasoned--i.e., they greeted you promptly and tried to help you select your items.  When the store didn't have items I wanted, an associate helpfully (and smartly because then the store gets credit) found them for me online and arranged them to be shipped to my home.  I didn't ask her to do this, but she pulled me to the side and did so.  When I was looking for items to purchase from a display, another associate found them for me.Lastly, before I left, all of my items were carefully packaged so that none of them would break before I got home.  I really appreciate the time the associates took to help me.  Before I made my visit to this location, I read the other reviews, preparing for the worst.  I didn't notice stained floors or dusty items.  Perhaps management has changed since then.  Everything was impeccable and well-organised.  My house thanks West Elm because I have quite simply, the coolest and cutest pad around now.
2	I have always been a fan of West Elm, however on my most recent visit I was less than impressed. Apparently I came during the 'once yearly' or 'end of year bed/bath sale'. This sounds like a good thing, yes? No. Not good. Apparently a sale here means get rid of all the old and don't put out ANY of the new until all the old, picked over, sad stuff is gone. The 'bath' section was reduced to 2 colors of towels, 2 bath mats, and 3 or 4 shower curtains. I hate when stores do this. Sale or no sale, I was looking to redecorate my bathroom this weekend, and would have liked to purchased some new stuff. First world problems, I know...None of this would have really bothered me, except that a couple of the women who work here have some serious sticks up their rear ends. Not helpful, or friendly. I will stick to online shopping from now on.
4	This is just a gorgeous store with lovely furniture and linens. The style is Pottery Barn with a funky, ethnic twist. Sort of like an upscale Pier One. I found a ton of stuff I would love to have in my bedroom but unfortunately we were there on a mission: to find some new bath accessories. Sadly, their bath sectiotn is very, very small but after I saw how nice their stuff was I did peruse the website at home a few days later and found lots of gorgeous options online!
4	We really like West Elm, which is part of the Williams-Sonoma retailing empire.West Elm is geared for a more upscale urban living and was originally focused on folks living in lofts.  So you see smaller furniture items and more knick knacks.  But don't be fooled into thinking this is just another inexpensive Pier One.  It's not.  Like I said, it's part of Williams-Sonoma and the quality is outstanding.We would highly recommend you consider being added to their email list, if only because it comes with a 10% off coupon on your first purchase.  After that they will tip you off to upcoming sales.  Nice!
1	I've been receiving West Elm catalogs since well before there was an actual retail location here in AZ, and I absolutely love the style and beauty of many of their items. That said, I was thrilled to see the Scottsdale Quarter location would be so close to my office! I've shopped at this location multiple times with average to subpar experiences each time.The actual store is bright, modern, and lovely albeit a bit small considering that it is a furniture showroom. I enjoy their knick knack section, which seems to rotate regularly, and I also love their linens. The true problem is the staff in this store. I shopped at the store during Christmas - I had seen a beautiful jewelry tree that I was interested in purchasing and asked a nearby employee if there were any that were already boxed up. She uninterestedly asked me which one I was talking about (which was the one immediately in front of us) She gestured towards the back wall of the store and I noticed that there was a larger version of it on the opposite side of a display (which cost 3x as much)- perfect! I headed over to take a closer look and when I turned to ask another question of the employee, she was long gone. I finally decided to buy two gifts - one small and one large jewelry tree, and then headed to the front of the store with my purchases. I once again asked the girl at the cash-wrap whether they had a box for the gifts, as I was planning to ship them. Mind you, the entire store was littered with displays of gift boxes of all sizes as they were touting the special West Elm boxes as perfect packaging for your Christmas gifts. The employee helping me scrunched up her face and tried to say that they didn't have many left and she couldn't give me one. I pressed further and she reluctantly walked over to the nearest display to see if any of those boxes would work. After awhile, she could not find a gift box that was appropriate and I explained again that I needed to ship the gift and would REALLY like a box. At my insistence, she went and found a box in the back to pack the larger tree into so that I could ship it to my sister. This should not have been quite so difficult and I was left feeling unvalued as a customer. This past week, I returned to West Elm in search of a picture frame. I found what I was looking for on the back wall of the store - the gallery frames, which were coincidentally on sale. I searched amongst the stacks of frames for the correct size and had no luck, so I spotted an employee a few feet away in the next section and popped over to ask for her help - I wanted to know if perhaps they had my size in the back of the store since I could not find it myself. She seemed unhappy with my question and stalked over to the shelves of frames to look for herself. She condescendingly discussed my request with someone over her headset as though it was the most difficult thing in the world and after several minutes of this I finally said that if it was too inconvenient I could just take the next size up. The woman huffed disgustedly at me, spun on her heel, and walked over to another employee to start a conversation with no further offer of help...When I went up to the cash wrap, it was deserted. I searched around for an employee for a minute and thought I heard someone through the doorway to the stockroom. I called for them and eventually a gentleman appeared. He asked what I needed and I told him I needed to check out. While he was helping me with my purchase, he asked if anyone had assisted me. I mentioned that I didn't know her name, but referenced the rude behavior of the employee who was back by the frames and he sarcastically said "oh, the rude one, well that narrows it down for me" before continuing to check me out. No apology or further inquiry ... nothing. Now, he was quite nice and seemed to be trying to subtly recover my business, but unfortunately didn't seem to understand a key part of customer service which is to address and apologize for any inconvenience ... and his kindness was just not enough to fix it. I don't plan to return to this store, and although I love and recommend their products, I am hesitant to continue purchasing products from their company altogether, even through their catalog. I am completely surprised as I have never experienced anything but great service in their other brand-stores (Pottery Barn, Williams Sonoma, Restoration Hardware)
2	They have some nice stuff at ok prices.  Just a few things to remember:* If you order something from their website that is out of stock, they say your card will not be charged until it ships.  This is a lie.  My wife and I ordered a daybed that was out of stock and not due to be shipped for over a week but not to worry because they wouldn't charge us until the thing shipped.  This place pretty much did the opposite by charging us right away for something that wasn't shipped for 3 weeks.* Organizing the delivery of an item is a clusterfuk.  You have to deal with 17 different people who don't care and are each dumber than the last.  I'm pretty sure they wait until they have a full truck and delivery route before they will bother they deliver your stuff regardless of what date range they told you.
4	If I had a choice between West Elm, Crate & Barrel or Pottery Barn, West Elm would win. I say this because West Elm is a nice store that is a mix of Pottery Barn and Crate & Barrel. It is also on the less expensive side with more eclectic wares and items.  The store is rather large and laid out nicely. I loved wandering through the store, each section feeling comfortable and easy to revel in. I particularly enjoyed their plates and garden section. I found an adorable hedgehog planter that I had to have and happily carried him clutched to my chest as I continued to browse. They had some really nice bed sets and sheets as well. I'll definitely be back to check those out. Overall, I really liked West Elm. Even their employees were really nice and helpful. I will be back!
1	We purchased West Elm's mid-century desk in off-white 2 weeks ago. It looked fine  when it was delivered and assembled, but by that evening there was already a chip in the finish, which reveals the black material underneath. My daughter uses a padded leather desk chair, but no matter--the surface keeps chipping, seemingly if you simply tap it with a pencil. What was originally a beautiful piece now looks like it's from a remnant shop. Horribly engineered--the bevel is way too sharp to be a useful desk--and a waste of $500+.  The sales people need to be educated and the products should be tested to see how they wear. Never again.
4	This place is hit or miss. They aren't my style of everything, but usually can Find a few amazing, neutral pieces here. Their prices are much more affordable than some if the other stores they are by. I've never had any problems with anything that I have purchased from here and if I did I know that they would step in and make it right. Next time your in the mood to spruce up your house be sure to check this place out
2	This is the most incompetently run company I have ever given thousands of dollars to.The merchandise is simple, but stylish. No complaints there, that's why I added the extra star.The customer service is deplorable. The employees are consistently rude. It's actually impressive that so many people could collectively care less about helping their customers. Communication is terrible. I had a piece of furniture on back order for six weeks. Those six weeks pass and no furniture arrived. I called the labyrinthine customer service center and got the news that the piece would remain on back order for another eight weeks.I proactively called around to a few other locations and was able to track down the piece at another location. Would have been nice for the person who sold me the piece originally to think of that, but I think paragraph three up above has that concern covered already. Two weeks later the piece arrived completely damaged. Damaged merchandise happens, not necessarily the store's fault, but spending the next two hours on the phone with a customer service department that is clearly paid by the number of calls they transfer could have been avoided. As much as I like the store's style, I'll save myself the stress and shop elsewhere going forward.
5	We came in here today to inquire about the remote possibility of exchanging some duvets we had received as wedding gifts in 2012. What happened was we packed the duvets as soon as we got married and loved to Mexico where we quickly realized that these duvets were clearly the wrong selection for us and just didn't pair well like they had done so online. To our complete surprise, Romy the store manager agreed to an unconditional and even exchange in her insistence that we be satisfied. She not only agreed to the exchange, she took the time to help us pick out something we would be sure to enjoy for many years to come. I have not seen such incredible, dedicated customer service in a retail setting in quite a long time. Please be sure to seek out the amazing help of Kathy and Romy when considering decorating or accentuating your home with West Elm.-Jordan
5	I recently discovered West Elm. I'm very happy with the two Penelope night stands I ordered online. I went to the Scottsdale Quarter location to purchase a desk and chair,  and the staff was super helpful! I love the style and quality of their items. Nico and Katie went out of their way to assist me. There is a loading zone right in front of the store; you just pull up and ring a bell and they bring your purchase right to you. I will be back soon.
5	I had given up on West Elm, I had put them in the same category as Ikea until I walked into this location.  I have been to West Elm in Denver, San Diego, and in Virginia, but this location has the perfect store design and employees.  If you like West Elm you'll love this location.  If you've give up on West Elm, I suggest you give it one last try and visit this store.
1	I had a terrible customer experience at the Scottsdale Quarter location. Today, when I asked if I could purchase a side table in the store, I waited more than 15 minutes for an answer; I was eventually told no, said table was not in stock. When I asked if it could be delivered to the store, I was told, no, store delivery was not available. When I asked if I could buy the floor model, I was told no (how can you not sell something in your own store?!). When I asked if I could speak to a manager, the associate I was working with said that nothing could be done and would not connect me with a manager. When I called customer service, the representative (whom was sympathetic) offered to call the store himself to see if something could be done, but after trying to call twice, could not get through to the store (pretty bad when a store's customer service can't even get through). I was not treated respectfully or kindly by the SQ location's staff (though I tried to treat them respectfully), and am overall feeling very dissatisfied by the SQ location and the west elm brand in general.
5	I had nothing but great service from this store. They are nothing but helpful every time I go in and the people that helped me had a great eye for what would work when I explained what I was going for. Keep up the great work!
