4	After looking at numerous places around town, I decided to get married at Sunset Gardens.  The decision was made easy by the simple fact that they did the most stuff for me so I didn't have to.  Laziness wins, once again!I had somethin like 6 months to prepare, and in that time all I basically had to do was buy a dress.  They arranged the ceremony, set up the rehearsal times, arranged the reception, decorated it, catered it, provided a DJ, a photographer, the works.  Now, the me of today wouldn't have wanted something like that, but the me of 1999 loved every bit of it.I was especially impressed with the photographer, he took some beautiful shots, and the grounds themselves are gorgeous.  The catering and DJ could have used a little work, but it was nothing to complain too heartily about.Definitely recommended for any special occasion.
5	This review has been a long time coming.  My wife and I got married at Sunset Gardens in October 2006.  It was everything I'd hoped it would be and at a reasonable price (by today's standards, anyway).  Everything was included except a photographer, videographer, dress and tux, and some additional flowers my wife added to the tables.  For somewhere around $95-$100 a person we got a wedding for 150 people that included an outdoor ceremony, a cocktail party with a live jazz band, a three-course buffet dinner, six hours of open bar, a DJ, a cake, champagne for toasting, a coordinator, and probably more that I'm forgetting.  The wedding itself was really nice, their outdoor courtyard is really cute and it worked very well.  The cocktail party was a really nice touch, especially with the live band.  Dinner was spectacular, I'm not kidding when I say it was the best prime rib I've ever had!  The cake looked and tasted great.  All for a really good price.  I am very happy we decided to get married there, they took great care of our special day and I loved it.  Was everything I wanted my wedding to be.
4	I went to a wedding here years ago and was very impressed with the beauty of the grounds, especially at night with all the pretty lights- simply elegant and romantic. It's just as pretty as the ad/picture on the website. It was a pretty big wedding (about 120 people) just before sunset- semi-formal dress. The service was buffet style. It seemed to be organized well, and the staff was very good. It was a nice wedding and reception.
4	Attended a wedding here yesterday. Grounds were pretty nice, service was good. Pros: It's off the strip quite a ways which was nice. Grounds are pleasant and clean. Restrooms are clean. Owner operator is very accomodating.Cons: The owner kept making creepy comments about the brides shoes. I don't know if he wanted to wear them himself or he liked her wearing them.
3	Decent place for a non-Vegas wedding in Vegas. Definitely much nicer than any of the hotel or ballroom weddings I've been to. The outside area (for the actual wedding) was set-up very nicely. Lot of twinkling lights, etc. But they lose points because of the plastic chairs. And the planes coming in for landing were annoying. At most times (especially if you were sitting in the back), you couldn't even hear what was going on or being said.The inside area (for the reception) was ok. Nothing particularly notable about it. But the tables and everything looked great. The bar area was very small with limited selection, but the bartender was very nice. The buffet was bleh (which was pretty much exactly what I was expecting). The dance area was also pretty small.I do have to say, though, that the staff seemed really on top of everything. They stayed hidden and out of the way, but if you were paying attention, you could truly see all they were doing and how well they kept everything moving and flowing. So big points for that.Overall, I would say it evens out to about 3 stars.
1	We were excited to have our wedding at Sunset Gardens, and part of the appeal was its all inclusive package. Everything looked nice and thankfully we had a great time with our family and friends, but some of the services were just horrible. First, the DJ waited until 3 days before the wedding to contact us and boast about his 30 years experience, but then he played barely anything from a list we put together for him. He is old school and only has music on CD or Vinyl. Then he would play the full length of every song, which to me seemed lazy. When people are dancing we would like to mix it up and keep the tracks changing, not just play long drawn out songs the whole time. I even made it a point to explain before hand that I did not want him to play the songs all the way through. And beside the fact he barely played anything we asked for, he played the one artist I specifically told him not to play. The DJ seemed like his 30 years experience and his guarenteed job at Sunset Gardens, makes him take it all for granted.And then there was the photograaphy service: let me just say, the pictures our guests took with their cell phones came out better than this, and then there are additional fees for the touch ups. The exposure on all the pictures is too bright, the bridesmaids SILVER DRESSES are white, when they should be SILVER and people know that a BRIDE picks the colors for a certain reason. And then me, the groom, I was only asked to take two pictures with my groomsmen. For the first picture, I was pulled outside and it was taken on the side of the building, with the yellow curb and graffiti cover up on the wall. Then the photographer took pictures after the ceremony and we had to ask if we could get maby more than one background for our shots. He also rushed every shot and noone was ready so we have some people smiling and others adjusting themselves. Afterwards, we recieve the disc, there are barely any of our guests in the pictures, and only one shot of me with one of my guests. Again, we got the boast, we have been doing this for 30 years. We were even given that same boast by Tony.What it seems to me is that these 30 year veterans need a fresh approach to their game. They are lazy and untalented. We will not be able to get this day back and thank God we have our memories, because these pictures are crap. I would highly suggest not doing an all inclusive package and make sure you can review everyone of your services prior to booking a wedding. OH and the airplanes were annoying and interupting our ceremony.
4	If you want to skip the cheesy 24 hour wedding in a Elvis chapel, then I would come here if you want to do a Vegas wedding.Was a guest for a wedding this past weekend, and I must say I was pretty impressed.The hall and decoration was very nice, and the place itself is clean and organized.Instead of paying for every little thing at a hotel on the strip, I would save your money and check this place out. The food was pretty decent too, not sure if it was catered from elsewhere or here. The staff was friendly and attentive.
5	We had our wedding here last month and coming from out of state we hadn't had the chance to see the venue in person prior to the wedding so set our expectations low (just in case!); fortunately, the venue was more than just a pleasant surprise! The chapel was beautiful, and the banquet room where the reception was held was perfect. Michelle was our wedding coordinator on the day of the wedding and she was fabulous and so helpful, as was Tony. All of our guests raved about the food and the lighting was wonderful for photos. The package we purchased was so convenient and perfect as well. I would highly recommend this venue as they made our special day as easy & stress free for us as possible. We were so happy with how our wedding turned out, it was so beautiful and the evening was so much fun for us and all of our guests.
5	My wife and I got married here on June 10, 2012. The staff here was amazing! I have to say that a wedding is a very stressful event to plan. You have friends, family and vendors pulling you in every direction yet the staff at Sunset Gardens were easy to work with and very understanding when something went wrong last minute. We were very impressed that the wedding turned out so well. All of our guests made a point to stop by and tell us that they couldn't believe that we found such a beautiful place in Vegas to have a wedding. My Wife and I couldn't agree more. The Wedding was beautiful and we would totally recommend Sunset Gardens to anyone looking to get married in Las Vegas somewhere other than a casino.
5	I was married at Sunset Gardens on November 3, 2012.  It was truly an amazing experience.  I live in Texas and I was worried about planning a wedding from a different state, but with the help and assistance from Tony and the rest of the staff, it was beautiful and absolutely perfect.  The food and the cake were so delicious.  The DJ, florist, and the photographer were wonderful.  My husband and I were so pleased and so impressed and so were all of our guests.  We HIGHLY recommend Sunset Gardens!
5	I was married at Sunset Gardens on 3/2/13 and I was very happy. I had done extensive research and looked at more reviews of the venue than I can count over the past year after I had booked the place. I am originally from Las Vegas and had attended a banquet there before they built the new wedding center. There are some things that I want to clue you in on to help you if you choose Sunset Gardens. I saw this from another bride last year. If you are an uptight bride and need things planned with the venue more than a month before your wedding you will not at all be happy. I used to be a wedding planner and here are some things that I noticed are different from my experience as a planner. They are not bad but you need to know. You also need to manage your expectations. Sunset Gardens is extraordinarily beautiful and I highly recommend them but if you are what some would call a high end bride you may not be happy. They have great prices for the bride with a modest budget and want all inclusive.Tony is pretty much no nonsense and isn't going to hold your hand. He is very nice and professional but will also answer your questions in a way that you think is short. That is his style.  Michelle and Chris are different and together they make a great team. Michelle was our day of coordinator. I did alot of research and didn't use Petals as my florist because they didn't have very good reviews. However I had a $300 credit so I got loose petals for the tables, flower girl basket, 3 roses for the moms and a memorial arrangement. They turned out nice but they were late delivering the petals and my sister was going to put some in my hotel suite so she had to use fake ones. No big deal but I was happy I went with another florist for my personals. I had two ushers which ended up being unnecessary as I found out at our rehearsal that unlike other venues where the ushers seat your guests as they come in, here they wait in the reception area and then 10 minutes before start time they let the guest into the ceremony. I only needed one usher to walk a single mom down the aisle. If you don't have single mom's I say don't use the ushers.The DJ called me on the Tuesday before my Saturday wedding but he was absolutely the best. My guests still wanted to party even after we paid for an extra hour. The minister called on the Wednesday before my wedding to go over the ceremony. The one error I made was that I didn't tell the minister that my sister was going to sing during the unity candle and he talked during. That was my fault so be aware to let him know if you are doing that. The minister doesn't attend the rehearsal. We added a rose ceremony for the mom's at the very beginning. He was surprised by that but I found the verbiage on-line that I liked and told him that was what I wanted and he did it. I never spent more than maybe 10 minutes talking to the minister. I was aware that we are in the flight line to the airport and accepted that. A plane flew over as I started my vows and so I paused and held up a finger to signal the plane and then kept going. My guests laughed and I still laugh when I see it on the video. Again if you are a perfectionist then DON'T choose Sunset Gardens. It is all about deciding what you can and can't live with and how much you want to spend on one day.The centerpieces are bowls with floating candles and we loved them. The only extra decor we added was the loose petals. We got our tux free from Bowties and got 10% off everyone else. A good thing we didn't know until after the rehearsal. the guys bring a change of clothes they can leave their tuxes at the venue and they are returned to the tuxedo place. We had a large number of out of town guests and that was wonderful for them. Everybody did it except the groom of course. The cake was exactly what we wanted, We paid for an extra tier and some extra design and to rent the cake stand and it was well worth it. Kathy is easy to work with. The food was phenomenal. I wanted to have another wedding just to eat the food. The DJ ONLY announces the bride and groom into the reception. You have about 10 to 15 minutes to greet all of your guests which was great for us. We ate,then special dances, some general dancing, cake cutting and bouquet and garter toss and then yes the photographer and video guy leave. You do have the option of paying extra money for another hour which we did and it was well worth it. I received my video less than a week after the wedding and my photos 2 weeks after the wedding and they were perfect. Overall I highly recommend Sunset Gardens you just have to keep in mind that they are very busy and have been doing this for 30 years. They don't meet with you until the last minute but everything is perfect. They also do multiple weddings in 1 day but it doesn't affect you in any way. We spent the day getting ready at the venue. I got my hair done for free with my credit at Jolean's. It was absolutely perfect.
5	My husband and I got married here on June 1, 2013. Everything from start to finish was flawless. I worked with mostly Tony and Michelle. They are extraordinary!! They even fought over who was going to host on our wedding day! The food (from what I heard from my guests-i was too busy to eat), was amazing! Just overall it was an excellent with very little stress experience! I did get our photos back and they were great! We had Dana and he was super nice, considerate and made it a point several times to ensure me I was the one in charge. :) I have a couple concerns with some pics that weren't included, but hopefully I get that straightened out this upcoming week. We also decided to do a rose ceremony at the last minute. My husband and I didn't have a chance to get the 2 long stem roses, but Tony talked to Natalie (Lead at Petals flower boutique) and made it happen which was amazing! From the DJ to the cake, and everything else, we couldn't have pictured it anymore perfect. Overall tho, I would HIGHLY recommend Sunset Gardens as a place to get hitched. I wish I could re-live our wedding day over and over again! Thank you again, Tony, Michelle and the entire staff at sunset gardens!
1	I went to look at this place based of off the wonderful reviews I found. For starters this place is right by the airport and the wedding would of been outside with all the planes flying overhead. The place looked nice and when they showed me the reception rooms the one that would of held my party of 100 it  was set up for 85 was already cramped, I don't know how anyone would move around in there. They showed me the room for 125 but I would of had to pay the extra cost to get that room. Not happening. I then went inside to talk to Tony, the guy who must have been new. He couldn't answer any of my questions and danced around everything. I asked what would you do if it rained on my wedding day and he responded with it wont. Well I'm glad he thinks he can predict the weather and I had to ask him 3 times before he finally told me what they would do with responding that it wont. I walked out so upset and I wont be holding my wedding there.
5	I have so many things to say about the experience of getting married, I don't even know where to start!!!When my fella and I decided to get married in Vegas, it was because it's a fun city where there's a lot to do, a million places to stay, and a lot of options for the trim level of our wedding. Originally we thought it'd be like 30 friends. Ha! We had 30 friends over for Thanksgiving.We booked our March 1 ceremony back in September, thinking 30 people. We figured we'd get married, hit a buffet and then the strip. Then we started telling people about the wedding.Guest list goes from 30-50 to 80-120 within weeks. East Coast family wants to fly out and join us. LA friends can't wait. Even my good friend who lives in Maui wanted to come!  It's great to be loved! But we needed to get real. And we needed to get a reception venue. So I yelped and I emailed around. I got some quotes that would be reasonable to most brides... but seemed totally out of scale in my mind. You can buy a car with $16,000... and a wedding is just a party.Sunset Gardens came with lots of yelp love, and a totally lovable price tag which was only the tiniest smidge out of our range.. close enough to make room. The pictures were beautiful, and Tony, the coordinator, took really great care of me!I didn't have to do a damn thing. In my opinion, that's exactly how it should be! We talked over some options for linens by phone, the menu, the cake, all the details were totally seamless and easy. I'm sure I could have made it difficult if I tried- or if I were indecisive, but hey, I'm simple. I just want vanilla cake and prime rib. The week before the wedding, I decided I wanted to have a candy buffet. So I ran around town, bought all this fun glass ware second hand, went to Jack's wholesale candy (review to follow) and called Tony. "Should I make a diagram? how big is the table you'd use for this?Tony says "How ever you want it to be. Whatever you need, I've got it." Best answer ever.I dropped our stuff off the day before the wedding, and I was honestly blown away by how awesome the place is. I mean it, it's tear-to-your-eye beautiful! Everything was totally seamless- the DJ was cool, the bartenders took good care of everyone, wait staff was friendly, food was good, cake was good too, even my crazy candy buffet looked beautiful!We ended up with right around 80 people, and the Sunset room was the perfect amount of space.Everyone had a great time, and honestly, I could not have had a better experience for my wedding.
5	Where do I start! We wanted a beautiful, modest, fun wedding, and Tony, his staff, the food, and the venue met our needs perfectly! Just for perspective, we're both around 50, we've both lived in Vegas about 20 years (been together for 3), and our guest list (of 50 people) was a mix of locals and out of towners, ranging in age from about 25 to 85. They, especially Maria, incorporated our ideas, colors, and some personal pics and things with their settings, and everything was beautiful. The facilities were so clean and the garden and grounds were beautifully maintained. The food was excellent (especially the prime rib!), the DJ was great and didn't try to turn it into a loud dance party. Sunset Gardens has done this thousands of times, and know what they're doing.The base price was very reasonable. We paid for a few extras, but not much, and they weren't pushy about anything. They're located in a strip mall with a dress shop, a florist, tux rentals, and a hair salon in the same lot. They offer you deals and discounts for all of these, but again, they don't push you. We had so many guests from out of town, and so much to coordinate outside of the actual wedding, I don't see how we could have possibly coordinated a chapel, a reception venue, settings, food, a pastor, a DJ, and a bartender anywhere near as well as Tony at Sunset Gardens did for us! Our guest totally raved about everything and how beautiful our wedding was. Everyone's professionalism and kindness was so impressive! Tony was always there to answer my questions. "Thank you!"Thank you to ALL at Sunset Gardens who helped make our day so incredibly special and worry free!
4	The venue is a great spot for anyone looking for a wedding or event spot in las vegas that feels like it is a not in las vegas, completely enclosed you will find the ceremony site and reception hall beyond the main venue visible from the street. The venue has the ability of hosting two event at once with a small courtyard and reception hall in front and a larger ceremony site with lit trees in in a separate gated area and a large reception hall with a dance floor off to the side. The food was good. Drinks were ok. Not exactly a shot in each drink so I passed the mixed drinks up and went with a martini. Overall a great experience.
5	My prom was held here in 2003!! Had the most amazing time with my prom date & experience! The Venue was & still is beautiful, green and elegant!! The service & food were great!! I am actually thinking of renewing my vows here soon:)!!  I totally recommend this Venue. You will be truly happy & satisfied!
5	Super Amazing Wedding Reception Venue!!!! I don't seriously know where to begin. I am soo very THANKFUL I found this gorgeous venue and it was more than I ever imagined my wedding day would be like. Tony and his entire staff exceeded my expectations and that's a true compliment because I am pretty anal. LOL! From how they made no mistakes with my special table decor requests to the food...WOW Super Yummy and Fancy without the crazy "wedding" price. The DJ...the entire staff...were totally professional, very kind and  very helpful ! This is the true jackpot for anyone's wedding.... trust me! Your guest will be more than satisfied!  Make sure you check out the beautiful garden ambience...Breathtaking! Just a side note...I had a previous venue set prior to finding this spot which screwed us by shutting down within months of our wedding so I was very weary of any researching again . After this Experience, I truly  believe Everything Happens for a  GOOD Reason. Miss Tony already!  :)
3	The owner and the catering staff did a marvelous job with the place.  Do not use the DJ (Dale) that they recommend for you to use.  I run the scenario twice with him and even wrote it down and still did not get it.  The photographer took irrelevant pictures and I thought he can be unsupervised so when I got the 800+ pictures, they were all the same thing.  Did not bothered to take pictures of every table so you can have pictures of guest that attended our occasion.  I would use this place again if they can do without this two inefficient staff.
5	Sunset Gardens was the perfect location and venue for our wedding! From start to finish, Tony made sure every detail was taken care of and everything came out perfect! The entire outside area was beautifully lit up for our ceremony and all through the night and came out wonderful in the pictures!  We never once felt nervous or concerned with wedding. Tony had the perfect answer for every question and always assured us our day was going to be amazing.  His staff was very attentive to all of our needs and Michelle made sure the ceremony and reception was flawless! Thank you Sunset Gardens for helping to make our special day perfect in every way!
4	Attended a wedding of a friend. They just had the reception here as they were married in their church. Very impressed with the  venue. Very clean. The decor was beautiful! I love the white lights on the trees outside! The food was very tasty and was served at the perfect temperature at the buffet. The cake which was provided by Sunset Gardens was beautiful and tasted very good. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice place to have their reception.
5	We were in a bit of a bind when our original wedding venue closed on us less than a month before our wedding date. We found Sunset Gardens, saw it had good reviews, and thought we would give them a try. We met with the owner and were immediately impressed with his experience and attentiveness. It was clear that he takes a lot of pride in Sunset Gardens, and only works with tried and true vendors. Within no time, we had arrangements for the officiant, the catering, the cake, the DJ, the flowers, etc. To be honest, I feared that because the package we got was so reasonably priced, and because it including everything, I thought we were in for a mediocre and impersonal experience. I could not have been more wrong. On the day of the event, SG greatly exceeded our expectations. The venue is quite beautiful and tasteful, and really did not require any additional decorating. The food was delicious, and there was something for everyone. Our wedding day coordinator, and all of the catering staff were professional, experienced, and very attentive. The DJ did a superb job of playing our requests, and building on them. Our wedding cake was another stand out; both delicious and beautiful. We consider ourselves lucky to have found SG. They really did a stand-out job, and we would recommend them to anyone.
