1	i think this place is overrated....the food is never that good and the staff is and alwas has been kind of blah! avoid if ya can and save your money...its not cheap for a sandwich shop....go next door to the next place
1	I would just like to preface this by saying that I have worked in the restaurant/food industry for the last 15 years.  Jimmy John's sandwiches are ok, nothing stupendous.  Their sign says "free smells" but all I can smell are cleaning products.  Every time I have been in this establishment (approximately 3 times, I have a friend who swears by the place), there are way more employees than customers.  They clean non-stop, which isn't a bad thing in terms of it being a very clean place.  However, they are always noisily pulling out tables and chairs, standing on chairs cleaning lamps, and other incredibly distracting things.  If I am trying to talk to someone and eat, it is hard to do when all I hear are the 15 employees talking and tables scraping across the floor.  Also, most of the employees that work the registers are not very genuinely friendly.  It seems like a forced effort, as though talking to you is the last thing they want to be doing.  We'll see how long they stay in business, but if they don't change some things, I can't imagine it will be long.
1	Don't try to order delivery if you life more than 2 miles outside of jurisdiction.  I live 2.4, yes, 2.4 miles away and was told that they could not deliver to me and on top of that the guy who informed me of this was rude and hung up on me! HUNG UP on me!  Customer serivce: FAIL.  Considering their subs are just ok, I was attempting to order from them to avoid going out of the house...now, I will drive myself to Subway and opt out of ever using Jimmy Johns again.
5	I don't understand the bad reviews- I love this place! Great sandwiches. And a drive thru! Employees work fast and are friendly every time!
5	This Jimmy Johns is awesome! Same great subs like all the other locations and this one even has a drive thru!!!!
2	Two stars for the very high quality ingredients used on sandwiches. Went in with my daughter, she wanted a ham and cheese sandwich with pickles on it. Apparently at jimmy johns pickles are not allowed to touch the bread as I was told they won't put pickles on a sandwich and I just had to buy a side pickle. Seems like a very small step to take for customer service. My daughter spilled her drink on the table and I asked the girl at the counter for a towel. This also seemed to be a monumental task. Overall poor customer service, but still one of the best darn sandwiches I have ever had in my life.
5	Jimmy John's is by far my favorite sub shop. If I'm near one, it's a sure bet I'm stopping in!
