3	I've only been here once, and it was to see a friend's band play. This place is set in the middle of a strip mall next to a Jamba Juice and Panda Express. You'd probably miss it if you weren't looking for it. The night I went the crowd was mixed, fans of the bands (ranging from your hard rock types to hipsters) and some of what I would assume are regulars. This place is very long, and not very wide, and the bands play at the back of the bar where there is a small stage. The first thing I noticed was all the Detroit memorabilia, so if you are a fan of the Lions, Tigers, Pistons or Red Wings (ugh), this may be the place for you. The staff was very nice and the beer was priced okay (I think it was $4.00 for a Sam Adams draft). Overall it seemed like a decent chill dark hangout...as many bars are...
4	This bar has a good selection of drinks, and nice bar tenders. The only bad thing about this place is it is so skinny that you almost miss it. It is a small long place and the stage is at the back of the venue. The concerts are recorded for the bands if they want a copy of the show which rocks and the bands that play here always come back so i recommend it to anyone looking for a local place to play or see live bands in Vegas! "PAN"
5	This is a great place to relax and grab an inexpensive drink, or to catch a live show with some great local and occasional touring bands. If you're a Red Wings fan this is the place to be on game nights.
3	I've only been to Meatheads once and it was for a show. My friend's band was playing a show and I always take time out to go hit up bars to listen to their music. I'm a huge supporter of local music.Meatheads is a small, skinny bar. At the end is where they have their concerts and they have comedy nights (so I've heard, but have not seen). It's in a strange location, in a large Wal-Mart shopping complex, shoved in between a Jamba Juice and a Panda Express. Makes me wonder if the bar had been there for awhile and then those chains just popped up later...Anyway, it's a nice little neighborhood bar. The bartender was attentive for the most part. However - the fact that this place hosts bands is just so weird to me. The tiny space just does not make is very conducive. BUT I still had a good time and maybe being crammed into such a small place had a little bit of charm, like "oh we're all getting in here to see this band and listen to the music and it's gonna be loud and in your face!".It's a bit far away from where I live and I doubt I'd ever go back there just to have a drink and hang out. But if there was another band that was playing a show there I'd definitely go.
5	Michiganders living in Vegas should all stop in and say hi...and have a beer. Karen is behind the bar and she's extremely attentive and makes good conversation.
4	Ask Charlie for a hug... and don't drink the pickle juice
4	Good dive bar with excellent jukebox choices, comedy nights, cheap drinks, gambling, and an older woman with a pretty nice body serving you stiff drinks.The reason I mention the woman is that I personally think most girls in LV have the ugliest bodies I've ever seen (yes, including locals.)We're not talking fat, cuz that comes with tourists. I'm talking slim girls that have ZERO definition, tone, or muscle to their legs. When an older woman is beating you guys out, it's time to change your routines.Anyway, back to the bar... most folks know I dont like bars, but this place is cool! Give it a whirl!
5	This is the place to gp!
4	Not the best location, not the best venue, but by far the best staff and atmosphere.Let's be honest, there is A LOT of competition amongst sports bars in Las Vegas.  Between the casinos, and the corporate places (PT's, Timbers, The Lodge etc...), it takes a lot to stand out.The good: The crowd - a lively bunch to watch their favorite teams, and the staff goes out of their way to be fans.  Darcy's not much of a hockey fan but she tries her darnedest.  It's been said, but beware Tracy's pickle shots.  Unless of course, you want to get Buh-litzed.  But she could talk me into anything... Desree is also fun and keeps everything light.  Fun, Fun, Fun...these people know how to treat guests.  The crowd also is very open, and many of them introduce themselves to you on your first visit.  It's really a lot like a neighborhood bar.The bad: Just a really bad layout.  They have comedy and live music and it's really not meant for it.  I also wish their TVs were just a bit bigger.  The Ugly: They really don't have a kitchen.  They have a limited menu, but it's really just microwaveable stuff.  HOWEVER, they don't mind at all if you bring in stuff.All in all, the strengths of the staff make up for the shortcomings, and they do their best to keep you coming back for more.
