4	I love this little take away counter,  it's a good sign when they have to show you the menu in English and while waiting for your food you can watch yourself on the security camera above the register.  What more could you ask for?  I always get the same thing, pork soft tacos.  Their tacos Al Pastor are to die for.  They have juicy bites of pineapple and topped with onion and cilantro, YUM, it is served with a red chile sauce, but I ask for the verde, or sometimes both.
3	Fonda Mexicana El Paraiso: A tiny, order and go taqueria with some definitely delicious and affordable options that extend beyond tacos...tortas, salads, fajitas, etc. Seating: None, unless you count the five chairs facing the cash register, awaiting food. Service: Smiley and helpful. Speaking a bit of espanol helps but probably isn't necessary. Food: Al pastor tacos son deliciosos. Perfect amount of onion, cilantro and tender pork. Plus, the tortillas are well-made and surely crafted in house. The barbacoa taco was well flavored, spicy but strangely super duper orange...I ate it anyway. The green salsa is perfection. Get some. Beverages: There's a case of everything from juice boxes to bottled water to Jarritos. Price: Affordable but not dirt cheap. Surely it depends on what you order...my dining partner ordered up shrimp fajitas which came out in a giant box filled with everything under the sun. That, my friends, is a good value.Gracias, Fonda Mexicana El Paraiso.
3	Small place for counter service only. There are only 5 chairs lining the window wall for you to sit in as you wait for your order...and no place to sit outside. So have a destination in mind when you place your order...The food was good and fresh! The shrimp fajitas were plentiful and flavorful. The one sketchy part was no prices on the menu. I guess they make them up as they go? The place stays busy and people were in and out during the lunch hour. It was bright, clean, and employee was friendly. I was definitely happy to use my Spanish, but like Nicole W. said, it's not necessary...your pointer finger can interpret just as easily.
4	We leave near here and decided to give it a try finally last night. But you need to be able to speak Spanish are at least some it seemed like. Our order was wrong but the one burrito we got instead of the one we ordered was the best thing we got so it was nice. My wife who use to travel to Mexico alot when living in SOCAL and she said it was pretty authentic to her. We will try again for sure. The place also seemed very clean.
5	I been here a couple of times, and every visit keeps getting better and better.On my last visit , I ordered the Fish Fillet  with white rice and a side salad. The fish was really tender and juicy, I got 2 big fillets over a bed of bell peppers and onions. The prices are good for the amount of food that you are getting.You get what you pay for, does not apply here.
5	Very legit, takeout only Mexican. Cabeza and tripa were as good as I ever had it--loaded with meat. Only one tortilla each but larger than normal.Hit this up if your stopping by post office or dollar gen!
