5	I've been going to Judy's for a little over a year and I have never had a single complaint. Each of their "waxing gals" are amazing, and make the experience as easy as can be. The receptionist is very friendly and makes every effort to schedule your appointment around YOUR schedule- they are extremely accommodating.
5	i love judy's=) got my brows waxed today for the first time and the experience was great=)
5	Just moved to AZ and was looking for some place new to get waxed.. I came across Judy's and decided to make an appointment I called and they got me in within 30 minutes! My appointment was with Jill and she was wonderful! I will be coming back!
5	If one must pay to have hair forcibly removed from their body, one should find the most comfortable and accommodating place to endure said deed. I usually see Judy herself, as her calm demeanor and friendliness make the process all much easier - and she is quick with that wax. But, as I am often trying to fit in an appointment last minute for an occasion or trip I take who ever they'll give me and all of the girls have been great. Their prices are reasonable for all services. With regards to scheduling, they offer late hours one day a week and are open till 6 several days, which is all very convenient for arranging my typically last minute appointments.
5	My sister raves about this place so I decided to try it for my first wax ever. This was about as pleasant an experience as one could have while lying spread eagle and having pubic hairs ripped out. The facility is clean. Judy is amazing-and goes out of her way to make sure you are comfortable. And to top it off my girly region looks awesome. I have already scheduled my next appointment.
5	I love the fact that they are open late and the prices are comparable to other places in the Valley.  Most importantly, the office was clean.  Jill was personable and VERY FAST!!  I will for sure be going back and will recommend Judy's Body Waxing to my friends.
4	I've been going to Judy's for about a year now and I like it.  The front office staff is friendly and the office is clean.  I have only gone to Judy's for their eyeborw waxing services and overall that has been an enjoyable experience, as enjoyable as it can me.  The prices are fair as well.  The only complaint I have is that the last time I saw Judy I had an awkward exchange of words with her, she had to tell me that my forehead is big and that my skin was oily, two things I am fully aware of and don't need reminding of :).
5	This was my first time here and I am thoroughly impressed. Jill was totally chill, personable, and professional. She made the experience really comfortable, so much so that I was confident in scheduling my next appt. before I left the office. I feel completely satisfied with the service I received and spent my hard earned money on.
5	I have been here several times for an eyebrow wax and have had a great experience. They are very quick, clean and thorough. The prices are reasonable and they also have a punch card! They have been flexible with changing my appointments and squeezing me in last minute a couple of times. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a locally own wax center.
4	really great!! had a wonderful brazilan
5	Found Judy's Body Waxing & Harmonic Healing Center and tried it out for a simple eyebrow wax (ended up getting my eyebrows and upper lip done for $21). Jill helped me and was awesome. I am not usually one to write reviews but I can't help promoting this local gem! Jill made me feel very comfortable and everyone I encountered was extremely friendly and made me feel welcome at every stage. I will definitely be going back! My experience was so amazing, I am scheduling an appointment to go back and get a massage, I can't wait!
4	This place is legit!  I used to go to Suddenly Slimmer in Phoenix but now I'm staying at Judy's. The rooms are bigger and they are not bogged down with tons of other services, nor do they try and sell you high priced products! They do have a small supply of essential oils that are reasonably priced. When it comes to hair removal Judy's Center has years of experience. I highly recommend Angel. She is very sweet, very experience, and very attentive to me and my hairs! Plus she was able to tell me a little bit about the electrolysis hair removal treatments that Judy offers. I might try that out with them next!  If you're in Tempe and need a wax don't hesitate to call in and talk with their lovely "office administrator" she is excellent as well.
5	I was really lucky to have fit into Dr. Jen's schedule today and I Will say THANK GOD! I was diagnosed earlier this week with what a VA doctor told me was a pinched nerve.  He suggested that I consume a LOT of meds and I wanted otherwise. Dr. Jen took time to go through my entire body.  She listened to what I had to say and did the adjustment.  I received my adjustment and I although a little sore from being out of sorts...I feel like a different person without all of the inpingements.Balanced at Last!   Thank you Dr. Jen...In addition to the services listed as offered here on Yelp, Judy's also offers electrolysis and Energy work.  There are some VERY talented people within this building!
5	Best eyebrow waxing I have ever gotten! I've searched high and low for a great place to get my eyebrows done. Judy's is by far the best and most welcoming service I have ever received. An eyebrow waxing only costs  $15, which is right about on par with many of the nail salons that offer waxing services. However, unlike many of the nail salons, the technicians are only offering waxing services. There is never any rush, yet the appointments are quick while thorough.My appointments typically last about ten minutes, depending on how long it has been since my previous one. They shape your eyebrows to your face, rather than whatever the preference of whoever is doing the waxing. While I get my eyebrows done by Jill (who is amazing!) I have no doubt that everyone else is superb as well. As if everything else weren't enough, in less than six months I've noticed my hair go from incredibly thick to fine and rather unnoticeable to others. In fact, when I went in for my regular three week appointment today, Jill initially commented on how my brows weren't ready for a waxing. It wasn't until she started actually waxing that she noticed just how fine the hair had gotten. As long as I am in the Tempe/Phoenix area I'll be going to Judy's. You really can't beat it.
2	Electrolysis is no longer offered here, even though it's listed on the company's website. Frustrating to research it, find a place that looks convenient, and then have to start all over.
5	Judy had me at the door with the overall atmosphere & calm vibe. My mom is a massage therapist so I can appreciate a well laid out spa/salon that's inviting & encourages relaxation. I came in with no appointment for an eyebrow/lip wax & Judy herself helped me (kinda cool to get service by the person with their name on the building!). She's so personable & friendly, not to mention I was beyond satisfied with the result. Overall, great experience & I'm relieved to have found a salon that I can trust with waxing, being new to town & all!
