3	So, I had The Gyro & Fries. It was pretty good I had Better But there's a lot worst out there too. The atmosphere is real nice real clean, Its only been open 4 days so I hope It stays that way. Nice and Friendly staff. The only thing I would say I wasn't a fan of and to be honest it's not that big of a deal. I prefer white onions on my Gyro not Red but it's still was good. I'll Go Back For Sure
5	I ordered the chicken gyro and my boyfriend had the lamb gyro platter. The meat was perfect, not overdone at all and was well seasoned. The veggies were fresh. It was reasonably priced especially for the atmosphere and the fact that you get real plates (I like that little detail.) The outdoor seating is a plus too. I would definitely come back.
5	I had the chicken and vegetable skewer, both were excellent and cooked to perfection.  The staff is very friendly and the service was excellent.I would definitely go back!
5	Came here yesterday for the first time and was more than pleasantly surprised. The area was very clean and tidy. The food came quick and was delicious. This is by far my new favorite greek restaurant! I ordered a hummus and chicken plate and it was way better than pita jungle or any other local greek restaurant. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The owner, Mike was absolutely fabulous and wanted to make sure we were happy with everything. I highly recommend this!
5	I live within a mile of this place and had been wishing for a good Greek restaurant to open up (plenty of not so good ones are already open).  Got my wish with this place.  The food is excellent, especially the chicken.  I really like that the owner, Don, is always in there working and taking pride in what he does.  Very friendly service, very modern and clean restaurant.  I eat here at least once a week. - never disappointed.  They are also very good and fast with call in orders.
5	Great little Greek restaurant! The staff is friendly and welcoming. Stumbled upon this place through groupon and really glad I did! Their gourmet gyros was amazing!!!! I will definitely be back.
1	WOW! I chose this place because I read a few nice reviews... Guess what, those reviews lied!! My husband and I walked into this very "tecky" style place. (next to Jimmy Johns which is where we should have gone) They have menus on flat panel TVs and a very neat ipad looking checkout counter. We went to a booth to wait for our food and had a different setting then normal. The booths are VERY wide. When we got our food it was awkward to eat because the seat is farther from the table then it should be.(The table does move, but still is not planned well for groups/couples to sit across from each other) We were sitting on the edges of the booth and still leaning to eat.Now for the food we did get... We both ordered gyros, my husband got the soup and I got the salad. The soup was so bland and tasteless we could not figure out what it was. The texture was weird too. I caved and asked the girl what it was and she said it was lentil soup. I don't know where hey got their recipe, but it needs revised. My salad was dressed with a dressing that wasn't shaken, it was very oily and also bland. The gyros had nice pita bread, but that was it. They are not shy on the amount of meat you get, but it has no flavor either!! The tatziki was very watery and the tomatoes not ripe yet. All in all, the food is substance and that is about it.
2	thought i'd try this place since its so near work but this is definitely the first and only time i'll go to Mika's. i ordered the gyro platter ($12.95) with fries and salad. at first glance this price is a little steep compared to other greek restaurants in the area ($8.95 or $9.95). with a drink my lunch came to about $16. a little high but i figured i'd give this place a shot. i ordered to go and had to wait for about 20 min before my food was ready. i was a little disappointed to see the size of the portions (this is a $16 lunch meal...). getting this back to the office and digging in, i'm equally saddened by the just average taste. the fries are not salted or crispy, the salad is bland, and the meat ... well it was definitely not plentiful and definitely not seasoned enough.all in all a really disappointing experience. YC's or jimmy john's will be getting my business when i turn into that plaza.
4	Within the past few months a slew of new lunch places have opened up by my work, one of them being Mika's Greek, so I was pretty excited to try them out.When you 1st walk in, you think wow, what a cool looking place, its clean and modern, and has nice flat screen tv's on the wall, and when you pay you will notice their really isn't a cash register, it's like an ipad sort of thing, but I have to say its pretty cool. Also the kitchen is opened, as you order can see them cooking the food, I like that. I ordered the lunch special, I went with a chicken souvlaki pita which had sliced onions, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce and it came with a side order, and I chose fries.  The pita was nice and fresh, the chicken was tender and delish, great flavor, only down side to it was for me, there wasn't enough tzatziki sauce, but that's only because I really love that stuff! Haha It was a great lunch time meal, look forward to coming back and trying out the rest f the menu.
5	Very modern, friendly and fantastic food. I am fortunate to work close by and stop in often. The manager/owner is very friendly. Overall great experience.
5	GIVE ME MOREEEEEE.Okay this place is glorious. My boyfriend and I bought a groupon to try it out which included a pita of your choice with a drink and a side. Awesome. I also had to get the hummus sampler because I loooove hummus. I was so stoked when our food came out because the portions are nice and big, the fries looked fresh and crispy, hummus and my lentil soup looked delicious. Thankfully I was starving that day, otherwise I would not have been able to finish my meal. It was one of the best pitas I have ever had. Fries, hummus and soup were divine. Service was perfect. The man who is there often is very nice and even nicer to look at, hahaha. I love this place! Try it!
4	I was super excited to try this place out because who doesn't like a little OPA! in their life? I must say this place is killer. Clean and modern inside, helpful staff, and great Greek food. I had the Grilled Greek Chicken platter and my Fiance had the Gyro platter. We both split the Hummus sampler. The gyro meat was moist and flavorful, grilled chicken with cooked to perfection with just enough spice to know it's "Greek Chicken", and the Hummus and Tzatziki were just out of this world! Overall it was a good experience, will definitely be back!
5	Quite possibly the best gyro I've had in Arizona! Mika's serves up reasonably priced meals with high quality, very fresh ingredients. We came here with a Groupon and were pleasantly surprised by the quality, portions, and atmosphere of this cute little Greek eatery.Our Groupon included 2 pitas and 2 fountain drinks. We decided on the Mediterranean chicken and a gyro picado. Each pita comes with a side (Fries, soup, salad, or rice). We chose rice and soup as ours.The gyro meat was tender, with well balanced flavors in the pita itself. There was a lot of meat and veggies inside, which made the pita a great deal since it also included a side. I loved that they had a unique twist on the classic gyro pita, adding jalapeno to the mix to add some spicy kick. The lentil soup I had was quite good. It had the right amount of spice, and was filling and hearty. The Mediterranean chicken pita was also very good, with tender, juicy chunks of chicken. The pitas themselves were soft, slightly grilled, and came with the option of regular or wheat. I tried both types, and they were both equally good. As for the side of rice, it was well seasoned, with a nice fluffy texture.Fountain drinks are free-range, and there's also a tea station with several options of tea available. Sodas are Coca-Cola brand products. The atmosphere had a nice modern feel, very unlike other Greek places I've been to where they have a slightly outdated look, accentuated by those cheesy "GYROS" posters that look like they're from the '70s and '80s, of a young lady brandishing a gyro.This restaurant is definite gem of a find through Groupon. Go here if you want delicious Greek food!
5	Hands down the best Greek in town! Quick service, always great food whether you dine-in or take-out, clean and modern atmosphere. One of my favorites! The Scottsdale location is amazing too!
1	What a joke these reviews with 5 stars are or family friends or members.  Decor nothing special except for I pads tje cashiers where using. Atmosphere well there was a cook using a blender which made it a unique back ground. Dolmas no flavor, greek fries are a joke, gyro was dry and old not even long  slices tazaki was tasteless greek salad was okay fries where soggy we where the only table in the restaurant. Our bill was over $35 for lunch there are way better greek restaurants and way more affordable in the area. For all of u that gave those 5 stars go try some other greek spots in the area then u will understand what I'm saying.
4	This place just opened a few months ago along with a few other Greek restaurants in this area. There are now like 5 Greek places within a 2 mile radius of each other. Strange that they all picked this area. I think Mika's is one of the better ones though.The restaurant is also very modern in its look. Nice and clean too. You can see right into their kitchen and watch them shave the meat right off the big roasting block of meat.Their Gyros, the G is silent people, are really good. They add diced tomatoes to their Gyros which I think adds a nice flavor and is different from the usual. At least different form the Gyros I have gotten before. Their fries are pretty good too.Everyone in my office loves this place and every time they have a meeting they send me over here to get them lunch. I don't mind.I will back for sure. Maybe not all the time because it is over $5 for lunch but it is still not bad and their gyros are packed with beef so definitely worth the money. They have other specialty sandwiches that I might try at some point but it is hard to pass up a good Gyro.
4	Had original gyros and a Greek salad. Loved it. Very fresh. And the Greek dressing was perfect. I'll come back and try more items on the menu.
5	I've only eaten here 3-4 times now, but I will continue coming back. Fast service, and very friendly staff. I always end up getting the same thing, it's so delicious. The Chicken Souvlaki pita is amazing. Their grilled chicken is awesome. Good pita bread, delicious hummus. I also really like their Greek salad. They have pitted kalamata olives, which is a plus. I love Greek food!
5	My new favorite place for gyros!! Large portions, choice of fries, salad or soup with with gyro for under $8.00. Everything was fresh and clean. Service was friendly and quick. Will definitely be back!!!
5	Absolutely delicious. I discovered them by going to Jimmy John's and then deciding on them instead since they are next door. Glad I did. I can never turn down Greek food. Everything here is delicious. I usually get the Chicken Souvlaki Pita with a Greek Salad. Amazing. I have never been disappointed. I really like that when I pay with my card I can earn stars, and after 10 meals I get one free. Wonderful staff, always smiling and very friendly. Definitely would recommend.
5	I LOVE MIKA'S GREEK!! This place is located just a hop, skip, and jump away from where I work. This is by far the best place to get a gyro or a pita. My apologies to those other places who sell the same thing, there's a new sheriff in town and they blow you guys out of the water. The customer service is great. There is always a smile of their face, which makes a world of difference. They're really quick, so this works out great when you're pressed for time. I like to just call and order my food, very rarely does this take longer than 15 min. The Chicken Souvlaki Pita is AMAZING!! The chicken is never dry, it's always really tender and moist. I'm super happy they opened up. This place is great for lunch and dinner. You must come here and try it for yourselves!
5	Great for kids -- and their grandparents.  Took all three grandchildren and all of us were happy with our meals.  Kids portions actually seem adult sized.  We were kinda like the Three Bears -- one had the chicken wings, 2nd had the grilled chicken, and the 3rd had the gyro.  Kids got right down to business and we could tell they were very happy with their dinner.   I was truly amazed at the amount of gyro meat for a child!  One grand-daughter sampled the rice that came with my delicious falafel platter, then asked for more -- wondered what gives it the yellow color.  Plenty of FRESH pita comes with all the plates.  This was our third time (husband and I) to come to Mika's, and all three times we've been very impressed: very clean, bright, roomy, friendly service, healthy and savory food.  First visit was with a DealChicken(I think--maybe it was a Groupon), so I'm hoping Mika's was well rewarded with that venture.  AND, daughter-in-law stopped in to retrieve her two daughters, decided to order, savored --  said Mika's will be on her restaurant rotation, too.  Opa!  My five stars-- for a quick meal, can't be beat.  Not for a date night aimed to impress, be aware.
5	I should really write a review for this place since I eat here pretty much weekly for lunch. My coworkers and I have tried all the nearby gyro places and we all agree Mika's is the best. They even let me customize the Mediterranean like crazy (no tomato, no pickle, white pita, spicy tziki, spicy hummus). Our only gripe is we wish they made a chicken shawarma pita also, since we can't find a good one nearby and we know theirs would be the best. Very clean, nice digital menu boards and iPad registers, soothing new age music, and some of the best greek food in Tempe (especially for the price). Can't go wrong!
5	This place is really, really good. The chicken in their chicken pitas has a great marinade and the grill flavor is awesome. They offer wheat pitas as an option which is really nice and their side greek salad is way above par for most greek salads.The decor is also very modern and the restaurant is always extremely clean (bathrooms included).
4	It's GREAT Gyros, best around the restaurant is immaculate, etc.  Dito for all the reviews but someone needs to mention that they definitely "don't put enough of their tziki sauce on their gyros.  That is consistent we go there all the time and mention to them they always make you purchase another...
4	This was our first visit and we will definitely come back!  The food was very good, the dining room was very clean price was great for the amount of food we received! The Greekumbers were very yummy!
3	Rough morning? Rough week? Rough MONTH? (We won't go there) Forgot your lunch? Mika's Greek to the rescue! Been meaning to pop over here for a while now.In search of something protein loaded / semi-healthy to fuel a workout, I got out of my office (and perhaps get out of my funk) and drove over to Mika's. First of all, it's extremely clean and modern inside. No frills decor, screens overhead detailing the menu and iPad registers. Very nice gal who took my order. I got the Chicken Souvlaki Pita combo with a salad. $7.95. No drink, but there's a Coke Freestyle machine here. Food came out in about 15 minutes, piping hot. Pst, secret's out: If you get there at or around 11, you'll get your food quickly before the lunch crowd arrives. Generous portion of juicy, well marinated chicken with tomatoes, red onion and tzatziki sauce enveloped in what seemed to be a grilled pita. While it was delicious and filling, the tzatziki sauce was lacking depth in flavor. Where was the lemon, garlic and dill? All I was tasting was yogurt and salt and pepper. :( The salad had all the characteristics of a typical Greek salad: Cucumber, tomatoes, onions, kalamata olives, sprinkle of feta cheese and a pepperoncini.What I loved about it? The dressing! It was oil based, not creamy ranch like stuff like that one Greek place. Next time I'll get it on the side though, as whoever prepped the salad went cookoo bananas with the dressing. 3.5 Stars: Nothing mind blowing here like my friends made it out to be.Hoping this was just an off day with the Tzatziki because everything else was delicious. I will definitely return to Mika's Greek to try their Original Gyro, with Andrew C. -  And perhaps up this rating!
4	Good quality food. Free WiFi. HiTech iPads for placing orders. Will e-mail or text receipts. A little pricy for a fast food bistro.
5	Got a Gyro and Greek Fries! Both very good! Place is very clean people working friendly. Was stopping at the Jimmy Johns next door seen this place decided to try it. Glad I did! Greek fries were awesome! Just the right amount of feta and dressing, fries still had a crunch to them!
4	Good portions, delicious food. Really can't find anything to complain about.
5	One of Yelpzilia The Great's biggest fans decided to pay his annual tribute (one more year of protection my friend!) He really wanted to make sure I was on his side and who wouldn't want a 50 million year old dinosaur / sea monster / destroyer on his side?  Just ask Tokyo about how I handled Mothra or his ugly twin battra. Or Anguirus. Or Hedorah. Or Biollante, that cloning cautionary tale. Or really anythign I've shared a screen with. GAME OVER SON!Enter Mika's.OH DANG! that lentil soup was one of the best meals I've had in some time.and the gyro.... Poetry in motion.because renewing a formal alliance with Yelpzilla is an appropriately elaborate ritual we were there a while. Wait staff was around but not on top of us. That is a real tight rope to walk and they walked it bravely. WELL DONE!Speaking of forming an alliance, you know who I want to form one with? MIKA's!The hipster in me loved the clean modern lines and layout. Its clear they have an idea what they want to communicate to the eater.anyone who has beef with this place has been hanging out with Rodan... and we all know how much fun he is.
4	Pretty good.  Nice job with interior finishes, service very friendly.  Good value and good food
4	Stopped here for lunch with my wife - really good food, cool interior, clean - will definitely go back.
1	This place is expensive enough to afford air conditioning. So came in ordered food, ordered a drink but was told the soda machine was out but tea was still an option... Ordered a tea, ice machine is broken, all I get is a sorry, not even an offer for a refund... So now I'm sitting here drinking hot iced tea with no air conditioning waiting on my food. I WILL NOT be back here.
4	We decided to stop by Mika's Greek after seeing some positive Yelp reviews & I was definitely not disappointed.I asked the friendly man at the register what he would recommend between the Greek Grilled Chicken pita & the Chicken Souvlaki pita ... he said the Greek Grilled Chicken so I got that with a side of fries. It wasn't busy at all so the food came out really fast and I could tell it was fresh since everything was way too piping hot to be consumed right away.As for the taste, I'd say it was good. The pita came with diced tomatoes, onions, & their house made tzatziki. The chicken was a bit on the salty side but tasted good with combined with everything else.I found it to be very clean inside the restaurant too, which was great. It was very modern looking & well maintained. I'll definitely be back.
4	So to start with this restaurant is very clean and impeccable, when you walk in you can see into the kitchen and see how your food is being prepared, which is always good. Also, the gentleman there told me they get their produce locally sourced, which is another good sign.I ordered the Greek sampler with Dolmas, hummus, falafel and tzatiki to go. It is supposed to have pita but I am Gluten sensitive so they added extra cucumber instead. The meal was quickly prepared and I was on my way.  I didn't get to eat it while it was piping hot, but that was my fault. What I can tell you is the dolmas was nicely spiced, and very filling even without meat, which is how I was used to eating them. The hummus was very good too. You could taste the freshness. And the falafel which in my experience tends to be a little dry, dipped in hummus or tzatiki was very tasty. I will be back, I look forward to trying more of the meals and think this Greek restaurant franchise concept, if they can all prepare food this well will be a great addition.
5	I used to work near Mikas. Sad we moved this place was nice clean and great food. I drive from mesa to eat here. They have some of the best Gyros around. They will also package the meat sauce and fixings separate so you can assemble at home.
5	This might be our new spot for grocery shopping nights! Wow! Loved the food! Very modern, sophisticated, and clean restaurant! Very impressed! "I'll be back!" - Arnold
5	Great food!! Great atmosphere!!
3	Pros: the place is spotless and the service was GREAT. Prices are reasonable and the foods made fresh to order.Cons: The food was absolutely flavorless. I rarely need to add salt to my food but it was needed on every item.Chicken was bland and the rice was terrible. The best part of the meal was the pita.Nice place with a great staff but the food was average at best.I wouldn't return on my own but if someone insisted on going I'd be ok with it.
5	Great food! Really fresh and tasty and a great deal for the money! Pita was loaded with meat. Yogurt sauce was amazing! Restaurant is clean and modern and even the bathrooms were spotless. I'd highly recommend eating here!
