4	This is where Saxby's used to be. I think it switched over in May.Service is top-notch, wi-fi is about 6 megs, which is fine. (That's typical 4G speed for most people if you're wondering.) They close at 7, which sucks, but at least they're open that late. They have lots of syrups, even in sugar-free form, which is nice.Coffee quality is just OK. But unless you're a coffee snob, this place has everything you need.
4	Nice place to sit and read or use the WiFi!  The woman behind the counter said that they plan to have a food menu in the future! The coffee is good and I plan to be back!  A great place to go if you need to get out of the house for a while!
5	I used to like Saxbys alot, so when I pulled up, I was a little disappointed they were gone, but I liked the logo (maybe because I'm  the owner of a '65 Ford Galaxie so I'm partial) so I gave it a shot.  They did a great job inside with the decor and the coffee is fantastic, like, really REALLY fantastic!  I can honestly say, and this is not a shot against Saxbys, but I like Galaxy better, so if you were a Saxbys fan, definitely give Galaxy a chance because it is well worth it for the coffee lover.
5	Right next to work, i frequent here often for my caffeine fix. I usually grab some iced black tea and run out the door, but when the urge hits, expresso is available. There are mixed beverages, and they have began to add food items to there menu! Try a bagel breakfast sanwhich with bacon. Everthing is better with bacon! Galaxy Coffee is located on seven hills Dr. and Horizon ridge.
3	Try their Mandarin orange iced tea!This is one of the only coffee places with the fastest wifi!
4	Oh man, Galaxy Coffee almost did it for us as our new coffee "spot" since moving into town. Their coffee is nice, I had the creme brulee drip, Mom had an exciting sugar free latte. My cup had a really nice flavor, no bad aftertaste so you can tell they keep their machines damn clean. Internet is pretty good, sometimes gets a little spotty but I think that's the coverage in the area, as it has not been uncommon during our coffee spot search. The rest of the place is clean as well: bathroom, prep area, seating area. It seems like they do drive through, but I haven't tried that yet and can't comment on the service on that end. The ladies behind the counter were nice and helpful with suggestions. The only comment I have is that their breakfast pastries selection needs to be amped up, as they had only 4 muffins to choose from, and that's about it in the baked goods area. There were two middle-aged men in the back loudly talking about some woman's boobs that they work with, how unhappy they are with their jobs, marriage, etc. It really hurt the ambiance, as a woman, to hear a man talking possessively about a coworker's breasts. I don't know that there's anything Galaxy could do about it, as they seem to be regulars, so I did not allow this to effect my rating on the review. Just a note.
4	I love their blended Caramel Coffee!  I wish they had a bigger size than a large.  :)  One cool thing they have implemented is the Stampt app.  Instead of a carrying a frequent coffee club card, they now use this app.  They have recently incorporated soups, salads and sandwiches to their menu. I wasn't able to try any of these today but the prices looked pretty good and I plan to try some in the future.
5	We found this place by accident while looking for another place and decided to go in anyway.  That turned out to be a really good decision.  Not really knowing what to expect or what to get, the helpful staff directed us to some very delicious offerings.  I ended up getting the AstroNut and, boy howdy, was it delicious.  This place is definitely a hidden gem and worth making the trip to rather than the the place with the mermaid on the logo.  I haven't tried their new lunch menu yet, but I'm sure that when I do, I'll be just as blown away.  Oh, and make sure to take in the sights when you are there.  The place is decorated just as the name describes and has some nice space themed memorabilia on the walls.  There is definitely a lot to like about this place and I'll definitely be a repeat customer.
2	Since it was cold outside, I ordered a hot chocolate. When I got it, it was warm (closer to the cold side). Very disappointed.
4	Galaxy Cafe was formerly Saxby's once upon a time.  I was really disappointed when Galaxy took over but they're still really good nonetheless.  I haven't tried any of their brews, just their specialty lattes.  The astro-nut is my ultimate favorite!  It's my go-to beverage every time I'm there.  The customer service is always on point.  Really great barista!  I love that this place is so low key.  I come here all the time, there's never a crowd and it's always pretty quiet.  Great place to get work done without any distractions!  My only complaint is that they close really early.  It's always such a hassle when you're on a roll and realize you have to pack up and relocate when the clock strikes 7.
5	To my surprise a few weeks ago, I came by to grab my favorite drink through the drive-thru thinking it was saxby's and I was disappointed in seeing it changed. But luckily upon sipping my white chocolate freeze latte I realized it was just as good as saxby's! It's an absolute delight having your expectations met above and beyond what you thought it would be. Today I decided to come in and do some work here and I love how quiet it is. There needs to be more support for little coffee shops in Vegas and Henderson. I don't want them to close down like the saxby's did before it! It's a great place for coffee and reading. Highly recommend to anyone.
5	I wanted to have a couple different drinks before finalizing my opinion of this place, but I'm happy to report that Galaxy Cafe hits the spot. I've had their iced coffee and couple of hot drinks in the past few weeks and I've loved every one. I don't know a lot about their lunch items, since I had only gone there in the early morning, but the egg sandwiches are absolutely delicious.I've never been inside, though. I had always gone to the drive-thru window, but every time I'd gone was just as quick as other coffee shops.
2	This place has a cute theme but I don't know if the nerds would appreciate Star Trek and Star Wars mixed together. Lots of specialty drinks but they are a bit on the expensive side here. $6 for a very mediocre chicken sammich makes me sad. Coffee is ok but only oldies music is being played.
5	This place is awesome! I love the Star Wars and Star Trek decor. Their coffee is smooth and better than Starbucks. I had a breakfast sandwich and it was delicious. I like the Star Wars cookies. This is definitely my favorite place to frequent. The prices are inexpensive too. I liked the friendly staff!
4	Pretty cool place for some coffee. Whether you're a Star Trek\Wars fan or not, this place brews it up quite nicely.Our coffee tour continues....On our first visit we found the baristas were friendly and helpful. I wasn't feeling particularly fancy so I just had drip coffee. i picked their Guatemalan roast and it is exactly what I wanted - good freshly brewed coffee. My husband had a hazelnut latte.  He said it was spot on. The cafe itself was tucked right off St. Rose Parkway at the beginning of Seven Hills.  The shopping center that the cafe was located in was next to a Pet groomer's, a pet boutique AND adjacent to a Vet's office. My husband and I were like - those Seven Hills residents must love their cats and pups!I loved the layout of the place - it was roomy with plenty of seating space. Plus with the "galaxy" theme, there's plenty of things to gawk at on the walls. It was definitely a unique setup for some coffee drinking.All and all we will definitely come back again. The menu had interesting breakfast items and definitely had specialty drinks that were appealing. Next time I'm feeling fancy, I will make the drive over and order up something I'm sure is out of this world.
5	This place is AMAZING! If, you're interested in escaping to another world, get away from lifes little troubles. This place is for you. I love the atmosphere. The way it's decorated is such a great tribute to Star Wars and Star Trek fans. The coffee is very smooth and tasty. I love the music as well.
5	astronaut freeze is amazing, this is a really cute coffee shop, neat little sci fi related decor and pastries/cookies staff really nice and there is also a deal when you check in on foursquare for 20% off an order over 5$ :D
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this coffee shop. The environment was fun and the baristas were pleasant. They had wifi and plenty of seating and seemed happy to have people sit and stay while. I don't normally order the drink that I got (a chai latte), so I can't say whether it was particularly amazing, but I was happy! If I got to add one thing to the ambiance, it'd be a Tardis. Just one, somewhere in the room... Not that anyone's asking, but I felt it a noticeable shortcoming :)
5	This is my favorite place! The drinks and food are delicious. I love the Star Wars cookies! I like when I find new props in the store. This is such a neat  cafe.
5	This has become our go to spot for coffee and breakfast. The flying saucer breakfast sandwiches are the bomb and a good deal! The kids play the video game and the wife and I soak up the Star Wars/Trek ambiance. Check it out, you'll like it!
2	I love coffee shops! And I try my hardest to find the small local spots. Being from Philly, we have unique options on every block! So I was excited to find a different type of coffee spot here. I went in and the two baristas were talking, laughing and well just ignoring me standing there. Finally, one came over and just said 'yes?' So I ordered an espresso based drink  (which was good) and asked about any vegetarian sandwich options. She laughed and said no. Ok so I settled for a bagel with cream cheese. I stated that I was eating here and they plopped the drink and bagel (both togo) on the counter and yelled 'bagel'. I packed up my computer, took by half burnt bagel and left. No thanks.
3	I would probably not visit Galaxy again if I still lived in Vegas. The people who work there are straight up weirdos when it comes to customer service. I went twice in a week, and both times the people working were so clueless as to how to work or, more importantly, work together, that I would not come back. The breakfast sandwiches are alright, but they are a bit on the pricey side for the ingredients being from the freezer. It filled me up on the way to LA so I can't complain too much. The coffees are alright, but nothing outstanding. Something that I like is that they have almond syrup, which I have a hard time finding, so they get a few extra points there. Star Wars and other "nerd" decor make for a cool atmosphere, but I wouldn't seek out a business that can't train their staff to work together or efficiently.
4	The force is strong up in here! This place is dope. It is light years ahead of the place that rhymes with FART DUCKS. (Well, kinda rhymes) You know why? Simple: They have Almond Milk. Why that other place doesn't have that as an option yet is beyond me. Galaxy has it and can use it to make some of the specialty drinks instead of dairy. Their brewed coffee is stellar in my book.Galaxy also has $.50 refills on brewed coffee and Iced coffee drinks. That means while I'm killing it at Miss Pac Man and  sucking down my first Sugar Free Hazelnut Mocha Iced Coffee with a splash of Almond Milk (I'm all about the dark side when it comes to my brew) the kind barista is preparing my second one for the road! Insert Star Wars band playing with the cool blue Elephant dude right here. The Figrin D'an and the Modal Nodes in case you were wondering.If you are keeping track they have: Almond Milk, great Sugar Free syrup collection, cheap refills AND video games now add Drive-thru to the list! My friends have tried their breakfast sandwiches and bagels and enjoyed them, but I can't tell ya personally about those. You know what else they have?A huge selection of everything Star Wars, Star Trek, Planet of the Apes and anything else Outer Space related. What this means is that I drink my morning brew with mutha truckin Yoda and an Ewok so BOO YA. Bonus is if you check in on Yelp you get 20% off orders over $5! This is cool because they are a tad bit pricey, but the atmosphere and intergalactic vibe make it worth it to me. I'm just glad this Galaxy isn't far far away.This Jedi is not using mind tricks on you. Galaxy Cafe is where it's at.
2	We each got a drink and each ordered a sandwich. The waitress let us order and then it turns out they didn't even have lettuce. Just wasn't a great experience overall. I won't be going back and was very disappointed!
1	This place really needs to work on their customer service. I came in because I had an appointment nearby and wanted to grab a bite to eat really quick. I came up to the counter and nobody was there, I started looking at the menu and after 2 minutes someone came out and the 1st thing they said was "you cant order from the menu because we didn't unfreeze anything today"... Ok?? A simple hello would have been nice before abruptly greeting me that way.. I would not come back to this place, I'd rather grab something at the 7-11 thats down a couple of doors from this building..at least they would know how to treat their customers, even in the most minimum way.
5	Great espresso drinks crafted expertly! I haven't met the whole staff but, the redhead with the glasses provides awesome customer service. She's really friendly, not something you can expect from every coffee house (see: the 90's), and makes some damn tasty beverages. Nice decor, but I'm partial to sci-fi. I'd definitely return as long as awesome people like her work there!
5	What a cute trendy coffee shop! My inner nerd was a bit taken back by the Star Wars AND Star Trek paraphernalia but it's so a cool concept. The breakfast sandwiches are delicious. And they have a drive thru!  Cute local Apr for breakfast and or coffee.
5	Super cute neighborhood mom-n-pop place with fantastic kitschy Star Wars decor. Lots of syrups, lots of space, free Wi-Fi. Retro video game machine with Ms. Pac Man and what not.
2	I read the comments and I was anxiuos to visit BUT I found a simple coffee shop with some toys, the service was really slow and the coffee ... good
1	On 1/10/2014 at 9:00am. I was driving my 2013 toyota tundra on saint rose parkway and I was in the mood for a iced blended drink from Starbucks. But when I seen a sign for this place I thought to myself let's go try and so I pulled up and got out and walked in and the two employees where just standing around laughing and talking till I walked up to the counter and I said I would like a iced blended non-coffee vanilla bean and the guy said u mean vanilla blended and I said no I wanted a vanilla bean and he said this isn't Starbucks and so I said ok give me what u said. So I paid and waited and got my drink and left and the drink tasted nasty and so I just didn't want to drink It so I ended up going back to get y money back and they said we can't do refunds on drinks so I just wasted $5 on a drink when I should had just went to Starbucks in the first place. After I left this place again I ended up going to Starbucks and I told them what happen and they gave me a free frapp.
1	If you like overly sweet, weak coffee drinks, I recommend the 7-11 a few doors down; their coffee is about $2 to $3 cheaper & it takes less time to get. The person behind the counter at 7-11 is more likely to smile at you as well.
5	Good coffee and chai tea. I have been in several times and I have had good service.  I had a BLT here last visit.  What can you say about a BLT? The couch and lounge chairs are comfortable.  Wifi works and it is pretty clean. So all in all, this place is A OK in all ways. Again, the coffee and chai are yummy.
4	Let's see where to start... This was my third time here and I think I've finally got a feel for the place and some of the employees. I've had their chai, which was great, and today I just had an iced coffee and I got the "dark side roast beef" with a side of the potato salad. It was simply analyzing. The food was great with a perfect portion size that filled me up and was satisfying. The atmosphere is amazing, I love the space theme with all of the memorabilia.  It has lots of seating area and some comfortable couches and seats.I think this place woukd be much better if they played some music. I think movie nights would be amazing too to go allowing with the theme here. Also, having night with some live acoustic artists, like open Mic here woukd be awesome too. *****seriously^^^^^^(t.v. shows, movies, open Mic)The staff was great. Very friendly, personable, and professional. Specifically, I would like to give a shout out to Jenna! Great smile and customer service! Checked up on me asking if my food and drink were great and was also asking other customers if they were doing well too. If this place had a night where they had some sort of entertainment I woukd come here more often on a social visit, instead of my usual study sessions.
2	From their stars, I had expectations. I like the ambience (I'm a sci-fi fan). I ordered the Dark Side roast beef sandwich with potato salad and ice coffee. I thought the sandwich was good, but the potato salad was a little sweet (I think it had sweet relish in it and I am not fond of that flavor). The ice coffee tasted a little watered down to me and I could not stand to drink it all. The thing that disappointed me the most was the service. They were very very nice but I felt I waited too long to get my sandwich. We were the only ones there. They messed up my husband's order because they didn't seem to know what the special was. I don't think I'll be coming back.
2	We waited 25 minutes for a breakfast sandwich. The two women working here are slow, distracted, and barely friendly. Nerdy Sci-Fi decor is cool, but does not merit their prices and mediocre service. The iced coffees are flavorful; the Danish is hearty, though "warmed up" is room temperature; and while my cold lunch sandwich is delicious and came out quick; it apparently is a major feat to warm up a basic breakfast sandwich. And to top it all off, instead of a cool, upbeat, maybe even Sci-Fi soundtrack to accompany your experience; you are forced to endure a depressing montage of girl ballads and 2010's top 20. A note to the owner: hire more employees. These two women were running the whole show, which includes a drive-through! That means two people are covering a drive-through, barista duties, and kitchen duties? And on a Saturday! This establishment is larger than most Starbucks! Wait, hold on, there's a guy in the back? Where was he all this time? If there's a third employee in the kitchen, then there's absolutely no reason a basic breakfast sandwich should take 25 minutes. I won't be recommending this place, and will be hard pressed to return.
4	My husband and I just ate at this very cute "nerd" themed cafe. I ordered the Caesar wrap and he ordered a turkey sandwich. The wrap was great! Not soggy, great chicken and it was cold. The turkey sandwich had coleslaw on it and was very delicious. We also ordered 2 lattes and they were sooo good. Way better than Starbucks. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is bc I felt they were a little over priced and when I went to look at the menu the cashier kept bugging me on what I wanted.... I do wish I would have seen the check in offer before I ordered.
4	A couple of months ago I moved from the SF Bay Area to Henderson.  Missing Peet's, I was happy to find an alternative to Starbucks (not a fan) within walking distance of my home.The staff is always friendly, engaging and gracious - although they are frequently a bit (even extremely) harried taking and filling orders for drinks and food at both the counter and the drive-thru.  I have never been in a hurry when I stop in - but I can imagine that it would be annoying if you were.  I have never ordered food so can't comment on the quality.  The coffee - I like it -  although last Sunday I did have a bad experience.  My latte was extremely weak and barely room temperature. To be honest, if that had been my first experience, I would not have returned.   Overall, however, I enjoy the staff, the quirky sci-fi atmosphere and the coffee - and will continue to be a regular as long as I live in the neighborhood and there is no Peet's nearby..
5	My new coffee spot in the 7 Hills area...they have great new sandwiches featuring Boars Head Meat and phenomenal locally baked bread & pastries.  St. Rose & Seven Hills cross streets.
5	Good stuff !out this world!The coffee is fantastic and the sandwiches were all super fresh!
2	All right so I had been coming here since my first review and since then, many things I loved about this place has gone.My regular order for at least 3 times a month was a coffee (hot or iced depending on the day) and a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich. My coffee gradually became this weak, almost watered down version of what it used to be. One time my iced coffee was revolting. I ordered it with one pump plain sweetener and it tasted like rancid peppermint. This happened with an iced tea I ordered once, too.The once-beloved bacon, egg, and cheese turned on me when on one occasion there was a small amount of mold on the bagel. Another time months later, I had to stop eating it when I couldn't tell if it was raw bacon or just ham. Absolutely vile. I usually would immediately stop coming to a place after one bad experience, but I had solid months of coming here with amazing service. I guess at one point it went south. I also should have noticed how much staff changes they had, as well as increased wait times. I waited 25 minutes for my order at the drive thru once and it didn't seem like myself or the other 3 cars ordered more than 2-3 items.I won't be coming back unfortunately. Unless I hear better things from here, I'll probably be frequenting Pink Box or Dunkin' Donuts for a quick breakfast.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. Here's why. I go to the Galaxy Cafe about 3-4 times a week. I like it because it's spacious & the employees are all SUPER nice & accommodating. I ALWAYS order the same thing. Tuna salad with a bunch of veggies & a side salad. Being very health conscious I asked the owner if he would be willing to make a special batch of tuna for me minus the mayo & add some type of mustard instead to make the sandwich a more healthier version because of the amount of times I come in & eat it. I offered to give them extra money for the special request, they politely refused & made the BEST tuna salad you could imagine!  He created this unbelievably healthy, creative & yummy version of their tuna salad while adding some extra ingredients to make it as tasty & moist as possible. Mustard alone can sometimes make the tuna taste dry however not this special batch they made for me. They also ALWAYS remember my order which makes me feel special. THANK YOU Galaxy Cafe for being the BEST coffee shop in Vegas!!! You have a loyal customer for life!
5	The Galaxy Cafe is a great place to get your morning coffee or have lunch. The coffee is outstanding and they have every coffee and tea drink you can imagine. The sandwiches are made with very high quality meats and cheeses.  There is also a convenient drive-thru!  It's a nice place to hang out as it is spacious. The decor is very cool and interesting to check out. If you live in the Green Valley/Seven Hills this place is awesome!
4	Order: 2 sandwiches, one turkey triple Decker and one build your own with ham and pepper jack. 2 drinks both a cinnamon chai latte.The food was awesome! Seriously tasted like I made it mysslf, sliced the meats and cheeses myself, toasted it, whole 9 yards. The lattes were delish! Got them iced and even at Starbucks I'm worried about the flavor getting watered down, but not these it was a cinnamon chai explosion! I went to the drive thru so I can't say anything about the decor hence 4 stars for now. Also you can't tip on CC.  being a server it gave me a bad feeling about myself since I had no cash on me lol.
4	When I first started my Las Vegas coffee quest, I was surprised to see how many local shops had opened up in the past few months since my last visit. There are so many choices in the valley, but through the powers of Yelp I was able to peruse the many caffeine filled pages and zero in on the one place that offered both tasty cups of happiness and cool stuff to look at...alas I give you, Galaxy Cafe. The decor in this place is amazing, it forces my nerd flag to fly! From the life-size Yoda statue when you first walk-in, to the Starship Enterprise floating above. There's so much stuff here, it's like a pop-culture museum of awesomeness. Plus the restroom doors look like there from a galaxy far, far away. Now to the food. They offer your standard cafe and low-key breakfast items... egg sandwiches, muffins, and turkey wraps, none of which was really getting me in the snacking mood. So I went with the wildcard, "Hal 9000 Dog". This is a Chicago style hot dog layered high with tomatoes, pepperoncinis, onions, spicy mustard, on a very soft onion roll. It comes with multiple side options, but opted for the gluttonous one and went with macaroni salad, which obviously came from pre-made jar, two bites and I was out. The hot dog was actually really good and filling so didn't need the side anyway.  Galaxy Cafe is many lightyears away from being a foodie destination, but it does what any good local cafe is supposed to do and that's keep me in the building for hours on end, ordering multiple cups of joe. Which I did just that. Too any one who prefers SBux to a locally ran coffee shop in the Valley, I say..."you're just a stuck up, half-witted, scruffy-looking Nerf herder!"PRO QUESTION:5000 cool points to the person who can tell me where "Hal 9000" comes from.
4	Extremely friendly service. Very attentive; the employees even asked us what kind of music we liked and what to play on the TV. The science fiction decor is really cool - Star Wars posters, sci-fi books, and an assortment of  movie memorabilia lines the walls. But it's not too much to the point you feel like you're at Comic Con. Both times I've been there it has been quiet and relaxing. The coffee is better than your standard Starbucks drinks, and the food menu has a large variety. Great place to spend a rare rainy afternoon in Vegas.
2	So I thought this would be a neat place to check out because I love cafes and the whole galaxy theme seemed interesting. The cafe's interior feels open and has plenty of space to sit. The first girl who took our order was nice and welcoming. We ordered a breakfast sandwich, oatmeal, and a hot chai latte. Then the worker swapped places with a different girl to get our food started and we basically reordered again.They specifically asked us again if we wanted a hot or cold chai latte, so it was disappointing to receive a cold chai when we asked for hot. My biggest problem was when the first girl asked me what kind of oatmeal I wanted, and simultaneously pulled out two packets of flavored quaker oatmeal. I realize that food isn't usually the draw for most cafe-style restaurants, but seriously quaker oatmeal packets? I should have canceled the oatmeal order right there, but regretfully did not. The oatmeal came with a small side of granola but was still unsurprisingly bland. I was very put off by this. Simply stated, if you cannot make something fresh then it shouldn't be on the menu.On the redeeming side, the breakfast sandwich I ordered was good. I liked that they gave a variety of cheese and bread options. The cold chai was good as well, albeit not what we ordered. I also want to say that the girls who took our order were both very nice people. Unfortunately, I don't think we would go back anytime soon.
4	I have to say my experience was much better my second time around. The customer service was excellent and everything in my order was correct. Very satisfied.
2	The only thing I like is the decor. Otherwise, the food is bad and overpriced. I would rather go to subway then pay $7 for a small and poorly made sandwich.
4	Pretty good food :) lots of coffee options and the nerdy names match the nerdy interior (which I really love). I would come back and I can definitely see this place growing in the future. And there's a PAC MAN video game table! :D
4	This clean and quiet coffee shop is a hidden gem in Seven Hills. If you love Sci-Fi, you'll love the ambiance! They have every sort of memorabilia from "Planet of the Apes" facial prosthetics to a life size Yoda drinking coffee. Even the food has fun names such as Palpatine's Pastrami Panini and the Wrap of Khan. But don't worry, this place has much more to offer than just ambience if you are not a Sci-Fi fan. The food is fantastic and very reasonably priced. The baristas are fun and talkative. The chai tea is amazing! Also, they offer free fast wi-fi and have a TV for sporting events. We will be back!
5	Great food, delicious drinks, cool decor, and open mic every Friday night from 7pm-11pm with talented musicians! I love this place! The frozen mocha latte and mango cosmic smoothies are soooo good. I always get the tuna salad or chicken salad sandwiches,  so highly recommend those as well as the club sandwich with turkey, bacon, and avocado.
5	Great place to get away to study, hang out, or brush up on your Sci-fi knowledge. This is a fun, locally owned coffee shop with plenty of seating and a very unique ambience. The background music is enjoyable and not obnoxiously loud, which I sincerely appreciate! The coffee itself is delicious; not at all bitter. They offer all of the standard espresso/coffee options plus a few specialities including a plethora of tea selections and frozen concoctions. I've only been here for breakfast, but each time I have their Flying Saucer Egg Sandwich hits the spot! Their menu also includes and array of sandwiches and salads. When your brain is ready for a break they also have a large screen tv tuned into the Syfy station or an "out of this world" movie! They even have an arcade game that you can sit down and play...game on!
2	I work close to here and have gone often. The drinks are very tasty and the food is pretty good, mostly sandwiches. The portions are decent and everything is made to order. However, this usually means very long wait times.During a few of these periods while I've waited, I have left with a bad vibe about a guy who appears to be the owner or maybe manager. It's a small place, and I have overheard his inappropriate conversations with staff about financial problems both with the store and at home, some sexually suggestive remarks, and the way he speaks to the employees even about work is just plain rude. I don't know how they put up with it. From now on, I'm getting my coffee fix elsewhere just so I don't chance seeing him there.
5	I found this gem cause it's right next to my work so super convenient for coffee/ tea runs but seriously we need to discuss their sandwiches.  They are so wrong in the best possible way.  I have tried several and have never been disappointed, they are huge and the quality is amazing!  The staff their is always super friendly, the atmosphere is clean and welcoming.  Love this place!! Definitely recommend it :-)
5	I came here for the first time and it was great! I got the cheese panini and astronaut latte. I highly recommend both!
2	We prefer to visit local shops rather than Starbucks, but our last few trips have been very disappointing.  This morning, for the 2nd time, the black iced coffee was so watered down it looked more like iced tea.  The Dirty Chai I paid extra for has NO espresso in it, even though I specified adding two shots.While our drinks were being prepared I overheard the two girls at the counter confessing to each other that they previously hadn't heard of Chai or Espresso.  How the HELL do you get a job at a coffee shop when you know nothing about coffee!  Surprise, surprise, their lack of experience and knowledge was evident in the quality of the drinks.  There goes more money down the drain, I guess I will have to start going to Starbucks.  At least their quality and service is consistent.
1	I really, REALLY wanted to like this place, based off the reviews I read while trying to find a place to grab breakfast, in an unfamiliar side of town. Searching on Yelp for a breakfast place, I made the decision to head to Galaxy Cafe, hoping for a fair priced, delicious breakfast. When reading the menu, they had one breakfast sandwich, or some bagels, and muffins to choose from.When asking how they cooked the eggs on the breakfast sandwich, I should have just ran at that point. Also, I should have thought about that cooking method when ordering an egg sandwich with bacon.If you did not think to ask how they prepare the eggs for the sandwich, I will shed some light on that subject for you.Galaxy Cafe microwaves the eggs. And the bacon.Seriously. Microwaved BACON!!!1!My wallet cried out for me to spend a small amount on food, so I did not run away when they mentioned the microwaved eggs. So, I ordered an egg sandwich, with bacon, on a croissant.It looked tasty when it was brought out to my table. My first bite was... a disaster!Not only was the food still nuclear hot from the microwave, but the sandwich builder was apparently blind, and without feelings in their finger tips, as they included the slice of paper from the provolone in my sandwich. The first bite, where the paper was discovered, also pulled most of the cheese out of the sandwich.My best comparison for what their sandwich tasted like would be if you go to the grocery store, get some frozen Jimmy Dean breakfast croissant sandwiches, and eat them, same flavor, same textures, hell, may even be what they are serving.Needless to say, this will probably be my only visit to Galaxy Cafe, as the staff seemed disinterested and unconcerned when I brought the cheese paper back to the counter. A laugh is not an appropriate concern to a customer telling you, that your staffmates left a piece of paper in their sandwich.
5	We have been coming for the last 3 months and the food is so delicious.The turkey club and the chicken and tuna salad is the biggest and best I've ever tasted .  The cafe is clean and the theme is so cute. The Mic night on Friday is lots of fun and can't wait to go back again. There Italian sodas and ice mocha coffee is really good.My experience going here is so relaxing and the food is delicious.I recommend this place very highly and will be going here a lot.
3	They were cool but now there closed. I just stop by this morning to get a coffee and nothing is left but the title and some posters. Not sure what happen but I assume  the Starbucks around the corner took all their business.
4	UPDATE:  This business now closed as of 10/23/2014.
5	Just discovered this gem a few weeks ago and was really impressed. They have excellent coffee, tea, and breakfast sandwiches. Just went in tonight but it looks like it's closed for good. Must have gone out of business :(
