4	Yet another food truck to hit the streets of LV. Is it good? Bad? Are we reaching food truck saturation yet?BBQ Boy (with its energetic chef/owner, Woody) was at the Food Truck Festival today at Costco Business Center. It was my first time trying them and I came away fairly impressed.My day started out with a free sample of Woody's BBQ Chicken. It tasted just like the Filipino BBQ that I'm used to. Woody's is probably just a tad more tender and juicy.I decided to order a plate of Sisig for $8. It comes with two scoops of rice and a couple of Lumpia Shanghai. To be perfectly honest, it wasn't the absolute best Sisig I've ever had (that title belongs to JAC in South San Francisco), but it was still very good. I've never really had bad Sisig anywhere.Holly C ordered some Siomai. For $3, you get 4 of them and she let me try one. It was hot and freshly made, and oh so delicious. (For a little back story, Holly and I both ate Shumai at a few of the buffets during our Buffet of Buffets pilgrimage - a little running gag we had going).From my initial impressions, it looks like we have another quality Vegas food truck. I'm certainly a fan.
4	I got to try this food truck at the Food Truck Fest at Costco.  Woody, the owner, is extremely enthusiastic about his business and it's contagious!  I tried the siomai (shumai dumplings) and the chicken bbq.  Both were excellent.  The siomai comes with a nice sauce that isn't too spicy.  He has sriracha if you need more spice. The chicken bbq, cooked on a kabob, is nice, juicy, and flavorful.The truck is spray painted instead of the normal wrap, which is a nice, unique touch.I can't wait to track down BBQ boy down so I can try more.
3	Also tried BBQ Boy's food for the first time at the recent Food Truck Fest at the Costco on MLK).  I thought the food was decent overall, as it was just BBQ, and unless you burn it it is hard to mess up.I tried their Mix Combo: 1 skewer of BBQ Chicken, 1 skewer of BBQ Pork, choice of rice or noodles (but I think the noodles were out and more were being made, so I ended up with 2 scoops of rice), 2 "Shanghai" (AKA fried egg rolls or lumpia).  $8Let's talk about the taste first.  The BBQ Chicken was my favorite, it had nice tangy BBQ flavor and the chicken was juicy.  I would order this a la carte at $3 each in the future.The BBQ Pork was okay.  Same BBQ flavor, but the meat itself was a little tougher (maybe it was the cut of pork used).  Given the choice of pork or chicken, I will go with chicken.Their "Shanghai" was not interesting.  It was super hot, as it was served immediately after it was made.  But I probably will no try it in the future.Their Shumai has good reviews from other Yelpers that tried their food over the weekend, so I will give that a try next time.Service/friednliness, etc.  The owner was a great promoter and gave out samples of the BBQ Chicken to onlookers and patrons waiting for their orders.  If he keeps up his friendly and passionate nature about promoting his food, he will have a great following in no time.3 stars.
4	First Filipino food truck, is surely, one of a kind. I was really impress, that some one had an idea to take the food truck business and go all Filipino on it. Even though there are some restaurants out there that does sell Filipino food. But not that many people know about these restaurants. Making Filipino food mobile, and taking it around Vegas, is one hell of idea to get Filipino style food out in the open. I was attending the Food Truck Feast that was off MLK and in front of Costco. Never really seen so many food truck in one place. On the other hand, I never really went to a food truck event, cause I thought it was just horrible food. But I was really impress with the quality of these food trucks. BBQ Boy really stuck out, cause it does remind me of home and how mother use to cook. Even though we only had the meat sticks, it just brings me back home. I would of ordered more, but it seem like a popular truck that we didn't want to hold up the line. But the quality of the meat stick was awesome. If you ever get the chance to encounter BBQ Boy food truck, take advantage of it, cause its really worth it. At least try the meat sticks and taste it for yourself.
5	Sisig on a truck... OMG Yum ! Was heading home the other day and saw them parked at the Pawn Shop on Rancho and Bonanza. Read somewhere that they had Sisig and I had to stop in and give it a try. I always love the look I get when I order sisig from somewhere because culturally it's not mainstream but honestly everyone should give it a try at least once! We got an order of Lumpia which were meaty and not overly greasy with the perfect amount of crunch to the rolls. Two orders of the sizzling sisig that had the perfect amount of heat, cheeky crunch and lemon. The owner brought us out a few of his Shumai to try too and WOW. Those were spot on. I have tried the Sisig at almost all of the Filipino places in town and even though I am a die hard Cafe Moda fan this place rocks, plus I don't have to listen to the crappy Karaoke to get a decent plate of food. Looking forward to you guys taking off, your doing a great job so far and I look forward to catching you guys on a street again soon.
5	Nothing else takes me back home, than BBQ Boy. I finally got a chance to get a BBQ Pork Combo, which I think is priced very well. Two BBQ Pork meat sticks, two shanghai egg rolls and two scoops of rice, is a very good combination. The first time I saw them was at the food truck fest at Costco, off MLK. I saw them again at Costco, on my way home from work and had to make a U-turn on MLK. Ordered the BBQ Pork Combo, and the difference between my last review to this 5 star review is the way everything tasted. Don't get me wrong, the first time was very good, the second time was even better. The first review was off a few meat sticks, this updated review is off the combo and the quality of the food.  Mainly got a chance to experience more.  It was cooked to order this time around and it was fresh off the grill. Not did I stop by once, I stopped by twice in one day. Came back with the wife, who also love their food. These guys are great, the cook was awesome, and the lady who took our order was so nice. Sure enough, I'll be going here again soon and if you guys ever get the chance, go out and visit BBQ Boy where ever they go. You could find them on Facebook or Twitter. BBQ Boy is the best Filipino food truck out there.
3	Never heard of BBQ Boy until StrEATS. I was a little annoyed that it took a good bit to place my order. No line, I suppose they were just tied up. I got a mix combo and an order of lumpia, not realizing the combo came with two pieces of lumpia. I would've gotten pancit, had I known... ah! well. The pork and chicken were both tender and had good flavor. The lumpia and rice were fine, but neither particularly notable.
3	I finally got to try BBQ Boy at the Vegas Streets at El Cortez, I have to say it was just okay. The BBQ wasn't anything special to me. I ordered the Chicken BBQ combo which came with two chicken sticks, rice, two egg rolls for $8.00. I'd like to try the Sisig so I'll give this place another shot. My overall experience was just okay, the service was not bad, took about 15 min to get my food.
2	I wish I could support and promote local Filipino businesses, but I was quite unhappy with my experience with BBQ Boy and Catering today. I tried their truck at the Food Truck Fest at Southpoint and I was left completely underwhelmed.There were about 20 food trucks in the parking lot. The line for BBQ Boy wasn't that long so we decided to give it a try. That line was deceiving. We waited for our food for literally 50 minutes (we timed it). The food truck fest was scheduled from 11 am to 5 pm, and even though it was only 1:30, they were already out of sisig and pork BBQ. I got the chicken BBQ combo. The BBQ was good - tender with a delicious marinade. They must have run out of rice because I was supposed to get two scoops but instead it looked like I got 1/2 a scoop and they just spread it to look like more. The lumpia shangai tasted store bought.I was hoping that the food would make the almost one hour wait. worth it. Maybe they just didn't expect such a huge turn out at the food truck fest but I''m sad to say I wasn't satisfied with my experience.
4	I've tried my share of food trucks and BBQBoy is quickly becoming one of my Las Vegas favorites. I love that it brings filipino food to people who otherwise would never have a chance to experience it.  I've had it about 4x and the food always tastes good and flavorful, especially the bbq. My kid loves the lumpia and we always have to have at least 2 orders of it. I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for my food, which is an amazing feat for a food truck. And I've always been met with excellent, friendly service. We'll follow you wherever you go, bbq boy!
