4	You know what, I really like this place.Reasons:1. Apparently they give FREE balance/rotation and repair to anyone who comes in. I'm guessing they will try to sell you tires if you need them. (FYI they don't do alignment)2. They are cheap. Tires here go on sale multiple time throughout the year and you can buy them off of their website too (free shipping.) WATCH FOR SALES- they will do $50 or $100 off 4 tires occasionally.3. Tire installation is cheap - it was like $56 to have 4 tires put on and balanced with valves. This was the cheapest in the city.4. So far, service is good. They haven't pressured me in either of my two visits and they are pretty nice. Also, they are fast.I used to like tires plus, but I saved over $200 by going here (tire quality was marginally less).
5	Let's face it, nobody wants to buy tires. They aren't fun to shop for, they cost a lot and it isn't an exciting experience. The employees at Discount Tire on the West side of Madison make the experience much less painful. We have purchased tires for both of our vehicles here and have had incredible customer service every single time we go in! The friendly guys who work there are honest and sincere, they work quickly and frequently stay late to get work done--never do they make you feel like it is a hassle that you are there after their doors are closed. They help you determine the best value for your money and aren't pushy with their up selling. They do free rotation and you don't need an appointment which is awesome.This week we got a flat on one of our tires that we just bought 3 weeks ago. With no questions asked and no charge they fixed it and got us on our way quickly.
5	After narrowly missing landing myself in the ditch followed by an unprecedented 360 ON THE INTERSTATE, I did a ton of research to purchase snow tires for my Honda.  After settling on a number of models, I shopped prices online for both local and Internet-only sales.  I settled on a mid-range set of tires and went in to purchase them without an appointment.When I got there, the salesman helpfully noted that the pair of much higher-quality tires (which I recognized from my research) would be essentially the same price, using a rebate they were running, and suggested those to me instead.  I went with them, and while I waited, I checked online reviews and pricing for those tires, a Bridgestone model. I was unable to find them for any less anywhere else.  Despite the fact that I had no appointment and it was a packed weekend day on a first snowfall, they got my car done in an hour and I was on my way.  They had helpfully bagged up my all-season tires and placed them in my car, too.I really appreciated the service, pricing and selection at Discount Tire and will be using them again when I look to replace my non-winter tires in about nine months or so.  Great experience.Be sure to hit their website before you go in, too; they seem to offer a lot of web specials or rebates that shave a good $50 or more off your purchase.  Often you just have to reserve the tires online and can pay for them when you get there.
2	I bought 4 Dunlap tires over a year ago that had a 60,000 mile warranty, i had only put about 25,000 and the tires were more than half the tread gone.keep in mind i have done regular rotations and kept tires inflated properly (all by tire discount).When i raised this as an issue, they acknowledged however, were not willing to do any thing about not even contact the manufacturer, of course they were very willing to sell me another set of tires ...having an appointemente does not seem to mean much to them either ...
4	Relatively quick, cheap service on a GMC Suburban. The salesmen were very patient; although they were obviously overwhelmed, they were helpful.
5	Every time I've been here, the staff is friendly and professional. The prices are great. Service outstanding. We have tires installed on our company vehicles here, and I have always been satisfied with Discount Tire's service. Ralph and Jesse are the guys that hook us up. These guys seem to keep a positive attitude while being overwhelmed at times by a packed lobby full of customers who are less than polite. We're frugal and we shop around for the best price. When my fleet ride needed new shoes, I found a set of four for nearly $75 less at a competitor. I brought them the quote and they matched it no problem. Discount Tire also included free rotates and balances in the package. This competitive pricing won over our fleet department. The waiting area is clean and features complementary refreshments for the guests. More chairs here would be nice, since this place is usually busier than Ho-Chunk on welfare check day. No appointment needed. They seem to estimate wait times fairly. Last visit I need a rotate and balance. Jesse said it would take 1.5 hours. One hour later, I was on my way. No sarcastic comments to be made here, just pure awesomeness!!
5	I won't go anywhere else for tires. They offer free tire rotation for life. Whenever I go there they are the most courteous and efficient. I don't know why I've waited so long to post a review, but I figured these guys deserve it. I love my discount tire!! Keep up the good work!!
5	I went to Tires Plus stores for many years. Got fed up with them and decided to try someone new. Was very impressed by this place. They only do tires, so there's no suggested sell BS ("oh, we checked your brake pads and they look thin...")I'm the kind of guy who is picky about tires - I do the research before I go in, and know exactly what I want before I go in. Their website confirmed they had the tires I wanted in stock. I called, they said no appointment necessary, come on down. Was in and out in a half hour. Did the same with tires on my wife's car. Paid a little more for the "no questions asked" warranty (which I've gotten bitten on at Tires Plus before for not getting) I have never come close to being in and out of Tires Plus in half hour.  That place just sucks. Highly recommend this joint.
5	The best auto service center I have ever been to. As a 20 year-old female without much knowledge of cars, I am always skeptical of auto service centers. Not only were their staff extremely friendly (one of them even sat and listened to an elder customer's story about hunting...for a good 30 minutes...without ever cutting him off or displaying any impatience) but they patched my flat tire for FREE simply saying it was "on them". After getting a flat, having my car broken into, and being threatened by a Green Cab taxi driver for 20 minutes, it honestly made my day. As a first time customer of Discount Tire, I'll never go anywhere else.
5	We purchased a full set of tires from Discount Tire two years ago, at which time they matched a much lower price from Tire Rack.  As with all their tires, they offer free regular tire rotations.  Now, as a woman I am always leery of these types of free services because I assume it is just a ploy to get me in there so they can sell me other services or convince me of my need to purchase more tires.  However, that has never been my experience.  As a matter of fact, I was there recently for my fourth free rotation and I was also having a problem with a slow leak with one tire.  They got me in right away (without an appointment) and did the rotation, plus cleaned and smoothed the rim on the leaky tire in less than an hour at no charge.In summary, the service and staff is efficient and professional and their price matching makes them a no-brainer selection above their competition.  I would highly recommend this business to anyone who will listen.  I will never go anywhere else for my tire needs.  In this time of cut-throat business and thin profit margins, Discount Tire is still offering the important things like great service and value.
2	needed new tires, called around, got best price at discount tires...so of course i went there,,,all was fine until i examined the new install and noticed that my chrome valve stems and caps had been replaced with cheap black plastic ones...service rep says that mine got thrown in the trash...ya, right, somewhere in the back room are my caps or in some tech's pocket...went round and round and they finally gave me a new set of chrome caps to replace mine...i know this sounds very trivial but its the fact that had i not noticed, it would have been my loss...it just sucks that you cant trust anyone anymore...just venting, now i feel better!
5	Have bought 4 sets of tires here. Great service, friendly and helpful..Good value/prices,not to mention lifetime rotations..All rare traits in this industry,
5	I had my rear tires replaced here because they were getting pretty worn down.  I've had good experiences with Discount Tire in the past and this store was no exception. The staff was very friendly and got to me right away. About halfway through the installation a mechanic came out and had me accompany him to the work area. He showed me that one of my wheels was bent but did it in a way that didn't feel like he was "pushing" more repairs on me. The front desk staff helped me pick a good replacement wheel and since they didn't have it in stock they told me they would order it. They were even nice enough to discount the new wheel and installation because they didn't have the match in their inventory.I would highly recommend this place.  I'd also suggest you make a reservation over the phone so that they can get to you immediately.
5	Customer service or what?  I took my truck to Discount Tire on Junction Road at 8am yesterday morning with a slow leak in the tire.  At 8:28am my truck is delivered back to me with the report that a nail was removed, the tire was patch/plugged and I was all set to go.......I asked "where do I pay?"  The guy says "we don't charge for this service."  You have got to be kidding me?!?!  I have purchased one set of tires from these people, but these were not the ones!Every experience I have had there has been excellent.  If you need tires I recommend them very highly.
5	Great customer service!  I found my tires online with a little research and was able to book the appointment over the web. I showed up a few minutes late but still got my car right in. Can't remember his name, but the guy helping me was pretty knowledgeable with the tires I was getting, didn't hard sell any extras at me and even spotted me a military discount. Despite the heavy pile of cars, I was in and out in about 40 minutes. I did pick up the certificates for tire replacement at his recommendation due to their nationwide locations and my traveling around this coming spring. I'll absolutely be back here again (hopefully not for another 50,000 miles, though)
2	Went to get new tires on van price was right fast and speedy but their customer services sucks. I had to chace some one down to see if my van was ready. They just ignore you. I won't be back.
5	Ran over something driving into work this morning. Good sized cut in the side of the tire so I knew it had to be replaced. Changed the tire and went into work. Got online and went to the Discount Tire website. I found a good tire for a good price and appt opening later in the day. Went after work and I had a new tire within 25 minutes. Ask for Theo, he is great at customer service.
5	INCREDIBLE customer service!  I was told I would be eligible for a rebate on tires I purchased.  Turns out the rebate was declined by the tire company.  When I called Discount Tires, they acknowledged the mistake of their rep working with me and issued me a the equivalent rebate amount right to my credit card.  I've had nothing but great experiences with this place.  My only complaint might be that they are too busy sometimes (so many customers there)!  I don't go anywhere else for my tires.
4	Came in for a slow leak in a tire. The wait was a little long (even to check in for my appointment) but the problem was minor and they didn't charge me anything (even for labor) and it's now fixed. I'm sure if I had come at a less busy time the wait wouldn't have even been an issue. I'll go here again for any future tire problems.
3	So I dealt with this place to get snow tires for my car this winter (2012) for the oh so impending blizzards we are going to have (which I was too late for errggg) and I have to say... I was not that happy with my experience. It started off excellently by first finding the tires I would like (which I love cars and knew what I was talking about and the sales person knew that straight away) which had to be ordered. No problem, total was $700 put $100 down, done and done. They even had the lowest price of even online for the tires I wanted! Now I had a scheduled time to put them on but with the warranty and such I didn't want to put them on too early which would 1. run down the warranty because it is on a mileage basis and 2. I didn't want to wear down the tread of the tires because it hadn't even snowed yet. So I pushed out the install date and it ended up being after the blizzard because as predicted... my norma tires were awful in the snow.So I asked what the soonest time was to have them installed and took the time. The day arrives and I head in expecting to pay the remaining $600 for the tires. I had even called to confirm that my initial $100 didn't expire or was returned. Sat around and waited for them to finish and was called up to pay the balance. "Alright your so your total is $700.68" I said what? that can't be right. I told the sales person (same person I dealt with THE FIRST time I came in) that I had just called to confirm my $100 was still on there. He said yeah it is but the rest is $700. I said for what? For the four tires, no waste disposal (since I kept my tires) and the replacement on all four tires. I said I never discussed the replacement plan with anyone nor with the sales person for that matter. He kind of acted dumb and looked at his colleague like "HUH wonder how that dun got on there" Which I was not happy about. Come to find out, they do this to almost EVERYONE, they add it onto every sale without telling you because they make a commission off of the sale.The whole time I was there they were asking each other who was on that sale or who's sale was it? I told the SP I didn't ask for it and don't want it and to take it off. Now I will say the replacement plan is sort of nice a $25 per tire its replaced no matter what happens, nail or pot hole... However its not nice if they don't tell you. In the end the guy covered all four tires for the price of three which I even argued there and hope one tire goes just to even out the cost.Here are the final parts. I should have mentioned earlier that because of where I work, I got a 10% discount as well off the whole deal but the dollar mounts i'm talking about is with that included. After I purchased the tires and had them installed I later went online to make sure the price hadn't come down on the tires. Which lead me to a rebate page... WHICH MY TIRES QUALIFIED FOR... buy four michelin tires and receive a $70 rebate. I was never told this once while working with my sales person nor by anybody else. I filed for it and got declined for some-odd reason (probably because I filed for the rebate the same day) but ended up calling the corporate office to find out why. The people over the phone were SO sympathetic about the replacement plan and the rebate issue. They approved my rebate Immediately and I received a couple of weeks later. Even though it all worked out I still wasn't told about spending an extra $100 for a replacement plan I never asked for, I was never told about the rebate which probably would have inclined me to purchase the replacement plan in full and pretty much got the run-around in store as to why it was on there.The people seem knowledgable and fast but they will stick you with a nice bill if your not careful. Do some major research before going in there and TELL them ONLY what you need. If you want further information on their "Extras" just call or go online. I have been in sales and I will say a sales person will do anything to sell...
4	I was expecting to wait 1-2 hours for my new tires to be installed, but I was in and out in under 30 minutes. I like that they have a huge selection of tires in stock, and that the technicians are all very friendly and knowledgeable. The only thing that bothered me was how strongly they were pushing me to replace all four tires instead of just two. I get it, I get it, my tires probably won't withstand the snow for that much longer, but seriously.. winter is almost over (did I just jinx myself?).It was great that they offered me a trade-in deal for the two tires that weren't as worn out, but I really just wanted to replace two tires - so I had to beg them to let me be!Otherwise, I will definitely be back to take advantage of their tire rotation services and for their complimentary tire pressure checks!
5	Another very good overall customer service experience resulting from purchase of a replacement set of tires. Thank you Jesse H.
5	As an owner of 4 vehicles I need a fair amount of service at an affordable price and Discount Tires delivers!! recently I needed 2 back tires at a low price. I checked local stores online like farm and fleet and walmart and all they offered in store were more expensive tires. the guy at farm and fleet was a joke. neither store even considered offering me the lower priced tires. tires plus? forget it! the last time I went there I needed one tire because of damage and the guy working literally gave me shit for not replacing all 4 even though two of them were only a couple years old. he was such a nice guy he made me wait 3 hours for one tire.Discount Tires offered the convenience of ordering my tires online, and making a secured appointment. I highly recommend Discount Tires for their fast and affordable servie.
5	As I prepare to get tires for my car this month, I already know where I'm going - Discount Tire!  I've been their customer since the first time I bought tires there many years ago - I won't go anywhere else, and I tell everyone I know to check them out.The customer service is great - they WANT to help me and make sure I get what I need.  Rotations are best scheduled - I suggest the first appointment in the morning in case they get backed up (stuff happens, plus they have coffee!).  They'll happily check tire pressures at any time - they are at a convenient west side location for that.I appreciate their efforts to get me the best deal I can find.  If I can find a better deal somewhere else, they'll match it. Most often, they BEAT the best price I can find - that makes me feel like a valued customer.  If they don't have your tires in stock, they can get them quickly - often the next day.Quality service.  Timely service.  Honest people.  Great business.
5	Brought 3 set of snow tires. Great customer services and good price on the tires. Knowledge people and super fast service to replace new tire.
4	This is the only place I bring my vehicles for tires. Great prices and excellent customer service. Also, if you have to wait they have a coffee machine, free bottles of water and a large waiting area with a small flat screen tv.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place. I was trying to catch a flight to California and my boyfriend was supposed to drive me to the airport. Right as we were leaving his tire blew. AAA told us it would be "an hour at most" before they would reach us and it turned out to be almost 2 hours. We were panicking, and then found out my flight was delayed so there was still hope. Discount Tire STAYED OPEN to make sure we could pick up a new tire. We called to explain the situation and they said they could hold the doors for a bit. They called to check on us when we were pulling up to their driveway. It wasn't super late, but they really didn't have to do that. Had they not, there is no way I would have caught my plane. So nice of them and very much appreciated. We'll need another new tire soon and will definitely get it here. Thanks!
4	My experience with Discount Tire has been great. I worked with David from the start when I was shopping around. Even comparing prices on tirerack.com and Sam's Club, Discount Tire ended up with the best deal. David knew an upcoming promotion and helped arrange for me to take advantage of it even before the fact. The installation process of new tires, wheels and TPMS did take a while with an appointment (~2hours) but that's nothing out of the norm, I suppose. When I unloaded my summer tires, I noticed a tear in my back seat leather and despite the fact that I could not prove Discount Tire was at fault, the manager, Jessie, was very responsive and accommodating. I did have to do several trips to find the best quote for the repair and return to Discount Tire to talk to Jessie. In the end, it was repaired and Jessie took care of it. I also really appreciate the free air service. I have yet to use the other services included with the installation. Overall, I recommend Discount Tire for quality affordable products, good customer service, and great benefits.
5	I had Discount Tire balance two wheels for me, following repairs that I had made to my alloy rims.+ No appointment was required+ Service writer was friendly and informative+ Hunter RoadForce balancing is amazing and worth the extra cost+ It took almost no time for them to balance the wheels+ Previous vibrations are 100% goneI've had tons of friends buy tires here, and they've always been happy with the pricing and results. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase tires or utilize any of their services.
1	I had visited this location about two years ago and had a great experience, this time however was a different story.my vehicle was in need of two tires, I looked up the tires I wanted online and found them to have two in stock. I decided to call them to set up an appointment and confirm they in deed had the two tires I needed. They could not get me in that day so I scheduled an appointment the following day. I arrived on time and went through the required process and was informed that I needed two new tires. This was not news to me as that was the reason I scheduled an appointment at a tire shop. I paid for my two tires and was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour. I stepped out and received a phone call informing me that their inventory was wrong and they only had one tire in stock, they would order the second forcing me to return to the shop for the second tire.When I returned well before the hour I proceeded to sit in their waiting area. An hour came and went. At an hour and a half I decided to look into the bay to see how far along the job was, it was not there. I looked outside and it was parked in the lot. I cut in line and asked for a status update. It was done but no one had said a thing.I took my keys and left to find the car locked with the window down, really!The place was under staffed, over committed, had bad inventory and really didn't seem concerned with getting the customers that were done, for the day as I will have to return for the second tire, on their way. A real shame given my previous experience at this location.
5	Getting new tires on a car is really not exciting- you pay a ton of money for something that you can't wear or eat but they keep you safe so I suppose that's worth getting excited about. I have to say, as a female, I dread getting tires as it's usually a long process where they try to oversell you stuff you don't need. This experience was fabulous and I appreciate their honesty and time. Theo greeted me and was professional from the get-go. We are relocating and I didn't want to pay for the lifetime warranty if there wasn't a Discount Tire where we were moving. He took the time to look it up on their website with me and showed me the locations and discussed exactly what 'lifetime' meant. Sadly one of my tires had a defect in it and again, Theo was honest and professional. He came and walked me to the garage, showed me to defect and explained they would have to order a new one. This was beyond their control but they dealt with it professionally and properly. We kept our old tires and they bagged them up nicely and put them in the trunk of my car. I truly appreciate that they just seem like 'good guys' in a world of people who try to nickle and dime you to death. Much appreciated and thanks!
5	I stopped in at the start of my lunch hour. My tire had a slow leak and I asked them if they could plug it. Sam mentioned that plugging a leak would be free of charge.After eating lunch, I returned to the shop and my car was ready. They informed me that my tire had a corrosion leak. The wheel was corroded and they buffed it down added some bead sealer and inflated the tire. There was no charge. They did inform me that the I may need to replace the wheel in the future if the wheel continues to corrode.Overall, I had a great service experience.
4	A Tire Shop...there's something I never thought I would write a review for!  I hate buying tires, how un-fulfilling is that purchase!  But, knowing that winter is coming it was time for some sticky winter rubber so I naturally hit tirerack.com and found what I was looking for.  I called around locally and got a quote from Tires Plus in Middleton and then called Discount Tire (and worked with David, who was great).  He agreed to match and even beat the Tires Plus quote and had the tires in stock the next day.  In the end I have four sharp new winter tires purchased locally, mounted, and balanced for even less than tirerack.com's pre-shipping price!
1	Had the worst experience yesterday. I decided to buy new tires for my cross country trip and called Discount Tires to find out pricing and availability. After insulting my car (an Acura TL - "wow, you don't hear of too many of the base models any more [heh, heh, heh]") Sam said they had the tires in stock and could install them that day.We went right away to the store and bought the tires from another salesman who told us several times that they would be installed in 2-3 hours. It was busy, so my friend and I questioned him several times on the scheduling. Each time he told us 2-3 hours, explaining that my car was number 38 in the queue and it took 15 minutes per car to change tires and they were working 4 bays. By my math, that's 2.5 hours, so I believed him. He said to call in about 1.5 hours to confirm the scheduling. I did and was told that it would be another 5-7 hours!Called back again to talk with someone else who might be a little more helpful and got Lars who was even less helpful and could not have cared less - although he DID offer to refund the money. Took him up on the offer; got my money back; called FIRESTONE Tires in Fitchburg and got a better set of tires for less money.So I'm happy - but not with Discount Tires. FIRESTONE Fitchburg is the place to go.Customer service means being honest with the customer and owning up to mistakes. But that didn't happen. The salesman lied to me about the timing and and lied again when confronted with the error. The other salesmen in the store treated me like a demanding, ignorant woman. I'll never go back to this store again.
1	Slow and lazy people. Took 3 hours with appointment to change the tires. Wheels were not torqued to correct specs, thanks god and I didn't get into accident.
