5	I hate going to the dentist. Well, i used to hate it.  Now, rather than falling just after wanting to clean the city sewer system with my bare hands, it has been elevated to just before wanting to have my bare eyeballs massaged by a porcupine quill.I thank Dr. Bell and his staff for that!!My husband had been going to a dentist that he said was really good. I scoffed. Dentist? Good? That's like saying chocolate is repulsive.  Anyway, being aware of my serious denta-phobia, he would gently bring it up and ferry messages from the staff there. "We're here when she's ready", "We'll take good care of her". The gentle prodding worked. After a VERY long hiatus from professional oral attention, I slinked, full of fear and shame into Dr. Bell's office. The staff there welcomed me like they had been awaiting the prodigal son and made me feel like, just maybe I wouldn't die (from pain, or from embarrassment) during this experience,Though a little bird told me that Dr. Bell referred to me as "a project" (I had some serious work that needed to be done), he was gentle, professional and even funny. Anyone who can take my oh-so-serious, "I think I hate you a little" in stride is ok with me. It took many weeks, but the work got done beautifully, I made new friends, and magically, even the bill didn't hurt as much as it might have. I highly recommend Dr. Bell and his staff if you need dental work done in Las Vegas.
5	I was not actually the patient, my husband was.  He made a snoring appliance for him and it works great.  We can now actually sleep in the same room!
1	Avoid. I went to see this dentist about tmj. I paid $75 for consultation (which most dentist waive or apply toward treatment) for him to tell me he couldnt recommend any treatment until alignment issues where corrected with my chiropractor. He also sold me a temporary nite guard (the Aqualizer) for another $75. One which you can buy online for $25. One month later the night guard popped and i called in to the dentist to advise. The response was buy another or you should have come back sooner. Both the receptionist and the dentist preferred to lose a patient over an item that would have cost them peanuts to replace or rectify the situation somehow. The dentist actually insisted that i was paying more for his "EXPERTISE" even though i paid his "expertise" separately. Well he can keep it, along with his outdated office. A dentist should be more concerned about his patients than his pockets. Ill gladly take my dentistry needs elsewhere.
