2	My wife absolutely loved her turkey burger, and the fries were decent if not spectacular.  So why the 2 star rating?The service was absolutely awful.  This was at the South End food truck meet up on Friday night.  By the time we got there (8ish) the lines were dying down.  My wife ordered from here while I went elsewhere to order.  The line was longer where I went so by the time I got back she was already waiting for her food.  Then we went to Common Market to pick up a couple of beverages.  We came back and my food was just coming out.  Hers was nowhere to be seen.  It was another half hour before it came out.  I was watching the whole time and it wasn't like they were overloaded with orders - it took them between 5-10 minutes to put out each order.  Absolutely crazy!My wife liked her burger so much that she said she would eat there again, but it will have to be without me because I won't wait.
4	I've been waiting to check out this food truck for some time now. Thankfully, due to the sheer, wondrous gathering of Food Truck Friday, Turkey And... graced us with their presence...and turkey-fied menu. It's a simple, no-frills truck with a perfect, kitschy graphic on the side. Walk up and the guy will flip the plexiglass window and take your order. Everything on the menu comes with fries, which are seasoned. The menu is a mix of burgers, sandwiches, and other turkey-centric menu items. I'm interested to see how the menu will fluctuate throughout the seasons. Turkey dinner coming soon? Methinks/Mehopes so. I went with the Turkey Philly. Damn. It was great. Simple hoagie roll with flat-top grilled turkey, onions, peppers, and melted white American cheese. It was pure, unadulterated, food truck heaven. Simple, nothing complex, but just a marriage of perfect textures for a Philly. The turkey was hard to decipher whether it was actually of the bird or not of the bird. I couldn't care less. It was delicious. The fries are fine for what they are. Nothing too special, but they serve well as a side. Pricepoint is fair and they use Square. Plain and simple, I'm glad to see these guys join the ranks of our illustrious food truck lineup in Crown Town. I'll be visiting them on the regular, I'm sure.
1	Unbelievable.. This place has the worse service and customer service I've ever experienced. First of all, all wraps/sandwiches costs $9. And fries are "included" for free. Even tho if you order only fries they are $3. So after waiting for 45+ mins At LEAST.. They have run out of fries and tell me I can get a bag of chips. Who wants a 25 cents bag of chips in place of their fries. I asked for my $3 back since I didn't want chips, and they refused. They end up giving me my money back and refuse to give me my food. When I get home I realize THEY ONLY GAVE ME $8 back instead of $9. My friend got a wrap that he said was nothing special. They were telling ppl the wait was 10 mins and everyone waited 45 mins - 1 hour after ordering. They were rude and had no consideration for wasting everyone's time. I would not recommend this place to anyone, and will not be surprised when this place is out of business.
4	Situation: Starving & at a super busy Food Truck FridaySolution: Eat at Turkey And because they had no lineIts always a bit sketchy going to a food truck that doesn't have a line when all the nearby food trucks have hour long waits.  I was hungry enough to throw caution to the wind and try the turkey jerk tacos with slaw and mango salsa with a side of fries.  I ordered and after a small wait, my food was delivered from the magical food truck window.Those were the most delicious fries I have ever had.  I don't think that was my hunger talking either.  The tacos were surprisingly spicy.  They were good, but I couldn't really handle the spice so I would try something different when I go back - so I can get more fries!!!!
4	Wow.Last week when I visted TuRkey And. The service was horriable. I waited in line for almost an hour and then the guy who was taking the orders most of gotten them mixed up because he kept asking people what did   order. The food is good but I lost my whole lunch break. He must have been a new emplyee.. Anyway they came back  today. Im glad I thought the incident from last week scared them off. Today there were new smiling faces and it took about 10 to 15 mins to get my food. and they had new deals. THANK YOU TURKEY AND MANAGERMENT FOR ALOWING ME TO EAT SOME MORE TURKEY GOODNESS WITH A SMILE.
1	Will never work with them again. These clowns no showed my charity event last night,. I had booked them 8 weeks in advance, followed up less than a week prior to my event, everything was a Go. Night of the event, no food truck to be found, they never showed up. I called, I texted, I FB'd them, nothing. Left me hanging with 70 people to feed and no warning. I will never use them again.
