2	I really do not like anything about this place. The inside of the building is depressing with horrible little tables and chairs. I do not even remember the folks working there so they must have been ok as they did not doing anything wrong. The food to me tastes like it comes out of a TV dinner, yet folks eat here and it stays open year after year so someone likes it.
3	A bit overpriced and the customer service isn't the greatest - a little on the detached, frosty-side.  But, the enchiladas are amazing - the main reason we keep going back.
5	La Loma is hands down my favorite Mexican food restaurant in Arizona!  The enchilada's are addicting!  I could seriously eat here every day and there have been many weeks where I have eaten here 4 or 5 times! My advice is give it a try, I have taken many friends here and they have all been as pleased as I am with this place!
4	We enjoy La Loma Mexican Grille and their unique Tijuana carnitas in addition to their other solid items on their menu.  As to the service in La Loma Mexican Grille - yeah they may not be the most out going, but then again they aren't all over you as well.  Come in, go to the counter, order, find a seat and wait for your order to be called or brought to you.Make sure you get both bottles for their salsa and taco sauce (which i prefer).
4	Best tamales, beans and rice ever!! Also love their enchiladas,Chile rellenos-enchilada style, and tacos:)
4	Wow... The food here is delicious! The decor is not the best and the styrofoam plates and cups and plastic forks and seat your self is Linda Twilight Zoney... But once you get passed that this place is a gold mine! The tamales are SO good! The chicken tacos are all white meat and I love the rice.... And I usually don't eat the rice!! We both love it here as so does my mother now that we took her! The only thing that keeps me from a 5 star rating is that I like to be waited on and real plates and glasses and forks made of metal!
5	I've never stayed to eat here but always satisfied with my beef or chicken chimichanga. Others who have been here complained about the utensils/ plates being plastic/ paper, but I've been to Mexican restaurants where plates and utensils were all pretty but food wasn't all that. I recommend to others to try it out.
3	Had lunch with the family here today.  I had the red chili burrito enchilada style with rice and beans.  Overall I enjoyed my meal.  The place is clean, not overcrowded and the staff is friendly.  They have a connection to the valley that has spanned over 60 years, so that is kind of neat.  If the weather is nice there is also a small outside dining area to enjoy.  I'm kind of partial to another Phoenix only restaurant, so I feel like a trader when I eat elsewhere, however this was a decent alternative.
2	This place is a terrible value.  For $9 my burrito better be good, huge or both.  At La Loma it was neither.  There is no kids menu so I even over paid for my children.  Top it all off with an order at the counter and eat off Styrofoam experience and there's no reason to go back.I really liked the owner's old place, Arturo's, but La Loma has none of Arturo's great qualities.  We knew we had to try La Loma, now that we have, we'll never go back.
5	Yes you do eat off of styrofoam plates and plastic utensils and drink from styrofoam cups. Yes you order at the counter and then seat yourself. Yes the inside decor isn't that great. But who cares?! This place is awesome. The dishes are very reasonably priced and the costumer service is great. They brought the food out very quickly. The food was very authentic and spicy which is how mexican food should be. I come from a Hispanic family and THIS is mexican food. Not that stuff Macayos and other "white mexican" resturaunts try to serve you. I reccomend everyone try this place at least once. You really won't be disappointed.
1	Horrible food.Bad Service.Great location.Good for a beer or drink nothing more.The food is scary bad and disgusting to even look at.No flavor ,bland or dried out.YUCK!!Dont plan on anything other than spending the night on the tiolet iafter you eat that food.
3	I've been going to this place off and on for over a decade.  The food is good, but it's really pricey.  Far too expensive for a place that uses plastic utensils.Also, they give you about 5 tortilla chips.  For some reason they are very stingy with chips.  You can order multiple meals to go and you're given about a ziploc sandwich bag's worth of chips.  The small bag.I'd give the place a higher rating if they had better prices and more chips.
4	This was my first time at La Loma today.  My friend and I stood there waiting because we didn't know we had to seat ourselves.  We finally realized it and then even had to go to the counter to get our menus where we discovered that is where you also place your order.  We sat down and looked over the menu.  Everything looked good.  I love chili rellenos, but I have a problem with the ones that are served omelet style as I feel you are too lazy to make them properly.  We did order and our food came in a decent amount of time.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I cleaned my plate.The restaurant is spotlessly clean and so is the ladies' room.  The counter servers were friendly. I think the prices were okay, could be about a dollar cheaper on the entrees.
2	I went here for lunch today on a whim. I've driven past this place hundreds of times and finally decided to give it a try. Besides the enviroment (the tacky decorations, the bad music, the plastic silverware and styrafoam plates) that was bad, I can deal with that. I don't really put too much value in it as long as the food is good. Unfortunately, it was not. I ordered at the counter, and paid almost $11 for a combo plate with two tacos, beans and rice with a fountain drink. I felt that was really high, but sat down excited to get my food anyway. They give you a plastic tray with some chips and salsa and hot sauce. I thought it was all pretty bland and very forgettable. My food came out really quickly after I sat down. On my personal rating scale for Mexican food, where 1 is Taco Bell and 10 is the street tacos I had in Mexico, this food was about a 3. I'm not talking about "authenticity". I don't care if you want to call it that. It was gross and bland. The taco shells were hard, but not crunchy. They were more chewy, and gave the tacos their prevailing flavor: vegatable oil. The beans were runny and the rice was also really bland. I ended up dumping the taco contents out of the shell and trying to finish it that way. I really wanted to like this place because it is so close to work, so maybe I will try again sometime and order something else. Or maybe not.
4	Great food.  Reminds me of home cooked New Mexican food (yes, there is a difference).  There is one male owner? who is very much creepy when he's there, but everything else is outstanding.  Very clean.  Homey feeling.  Friends and I recommend it to anyone looking for Mexican food in our direction.
1	How are they in business?Went here for lunch with coworkers. I ordered a taco salad which had all the ingredients listed on the menu.  Salad arrived at the table, consisted of very wet iceberg lettuce, soggy wet, with a few tiny bits of chicken. That's it. No tomatoes , onions, beans,cheese. Asked the server about the beans and they brought a small bowl of retried beans. For my salad, um no. Would have totally sent it back but seeing that we were on a work lunch we had limited time.Oh and then two of us got food poisoning. And overpriced. What a joke of a restaurant .
5	This family has been serving Mexican food  to west valley residents for decades.  La Loma is a sister restaurant with another location that closed down a few years ago. The food here is always delicious and the service is friendly. Once they get to know you, you feel like family.As others have said, it's not the traditional restaurant experience, but we go there for the food and not to be waited on. Stop in for a great lunch or dinner and make sure you try the hot sauce...it's amazing!
5	The best authentic Mexican in Litchfield Park. The owners and staff couldn't be friendlier and the patrons are always returning for more. Also they are the cleanest spot too.
2	My son has OT in the same parking lot, so I have come to this place a few times for lunch. First thing that turned me off was a huge tip jar they have in your face when you order. They have a sign saying that they prefer cash, and that 'credit card and debit card fees break small businesses'. Huh? The first thing I ate here was shrimp fajitas, which with drink was about $15. Very small portions and not worth it. Chips are ok, but the salsa and picante sauce are in squirt bottles...and cold as heck. If you want any kind of side, it costs a dollar or more. I got a burrito the next time I came here (it was good, the Healthy Bean one) and it is 5.50, but if you want sour cream, guacamole, and chicken (they try to press it on you) that will be another nearly 5 bucks. It's good but not very big. Drinks are in small styrofoam cups and cost 2 bucks. They have a sign saying NO OUTSIDE DRINKS. I can see why, they have a racket going here on their overpriced drinks. The straw that broke the camel's back is that I waited in line behind two people who couldn't make up their mind for twenty minutes, and the woman behind the counter tried to help the woman BEHIND me first. WTF? Not great service, food is ok with skimpy portions, cheapo atmosphere, TIP JAR in your face...skip this place.
3	The food here is good but for what you get, in my opinion is a little too expensive. They also serve their food in paper/styrofoam plates. Makes this decent restaurant seem cheap. I'll go here again if someone really wants to, but will never go here just on a whim. Especially with so many other good Mexican establishments to eat at. Other places give you so much bang for your buck.
