5	Al Omda Hookah is a great place to hang out and relax.  They have the traditional Bedouin style floor seating with cushions on a very nice carpet, or if you prefer, they also have tables and chairs.  The ambiance is great and they play a mix of Arabic and American music.  All of the hookahs are Khalil Mamoon Hookahs which are known for their traditional designs, durability and craftsmanship.  They are hand crafted and imported from Egypt.  At Al Omda Hookah they have upwards of 70 different flavors of premium Shisha (Tobacco).  Some of my favorites are grape, raspberry, double apple and mint.One of the best things about Al Omda Hookah is the customer service.  Every time I visit I am welcomed by friendly people and promptly seated & served.  They do a great job of keeping an eye on their customers needs and frequently come by with additional coals or just to check up on us.  I really appreciate the attentiveness.  They really care about their customers happiness and satisfaction.I will definitely be visiting Al Omda Hookah again, and I suggest you check it out too.
5	Al Omda is a great, relaxing place to enjoy shisha. I'm very picky when it comes to hookah spots and this place is definitely legit. Not only do they provide StarBuzz Shisha, but also use KM (Khalil Mamoon ) Hookah pipes. If you've ever used one, you know the difference in quality and smoothness. The owner Mo is very kind and know's how to treat his customers. Also, the seating area is very traditional and comfortable which reminded me of back home in Tehran. 5 stars!
4	This place has definitely taken the number one spot for hookah bar in Tempe since urban changed ownership.  The owner gives EXTREMELY good service, and his enthusiasm for his product is catching.  He gave me a free cinnamon roll my first time and brought out a crazy bubble blowing machine for me to blow smoke bubbles with!  The tea is great.  The ambiance is very nice.  The hookah itself is very good.  It's a little bit pricey, but not outrageous or anything.  I give it four stars rather than five because it didn't send me into orbit the way a couple of f***cking phenomenal hookah bars have in the past (for example, Sinbads in San Diego), but honestly I've yet to find a metro Phoenix area hookah bar that has done that for me, so by all means check this place out.
5	This place is awesome! Great customer service and very relaxing. You also have the options to blow bubbles, that's always very fun! I highly recommend this place
5	Moe is the best! He has great hospitality and welcomes your group with a great time. There's an abundance of flavors and even a SECRET menu! Make sure you ask for it! The environment is very chill and the lighting is nice and dim. Bring your friends and order some of the food as well - great prices and tasty food. Very reasonable prices if you're not looking to spend much. Overall, great time!
5	I arrived there two weeks ago visiting my best friend and it was the best hookah place we have been too...I was not aware they had them in AZ but this is by far the freaking best. We didn't get the name of the person who helped us out with setting up our hookah but you sir are the best. You helped us out every time we needed it, not that we asked much, but you always took care of us and the rest of the clients present. Keep up the good work and hope to see you soon again.
5	Decided to hit up a hookah bar on Halloween night so we made the short trek from Boulder's over to Al Omda. First time there, heck, first time going to a hookah bar in Arizona, and we couldn't have had a better experience. Moe is extremely nice and very attentive. I'm not a connoisseur or anything so I appreciate someone stopping by to check how well it's still smoking. We had the strawberry kiwi blend and it was really smooth and tasty. I also had an Egyptian tea that was quite tasty. Overall, we were there for about 2 hours.No alcohol served here, nor can you bring your own. Not sure if that's an Arizona law or not but it would be nice if it was BYOB.Prices are really decent, Al Omda is really close to home and Moe made it a great experience. We will return with more friends!
4	Love love the atmosphere. And I love how they have it set up so you don't have to sit in a chair the entire time. Decent hookah with very cheap prices. 10 bucks for a hookah, not bad at all. Probably my new favorite late night spot.
4	I gotta say I'm a fan of this place.  I have been about 3 times now and every experience has been a good one.  Although small, the atmosphere inside is very laid back.  The first time I went in it was a little smokey, but the next couple times, the ventilation was much better.  Service has always been good and friendly and the music has always added a nice touch to the experience.  Definitely recommend for a small group or a couple people.  Only annoying time is when you get a large, loud group of people come in.  Seems to ruin the mood for everyone around them, Overall great place for hookah.
5	I'm not a huge fan of hookah but my brother is, so last time he was visiting we stumbled onto this place. The location was small and comfortable. The owner of the shop checked on us constantly and gave great recommendations. The music was amazing. The owner explained all the different musical themed nights and I fell in love. It's a lovely place to relax and read and smoke. Also, the bubbles are so fun! What a fantastic idea! Sadly I dinged a whole star for lack of drinks. I think a soda fountain would be a fantastic investment. The cans of soda were expensive and I think I might have stayed longer and replenished my hookah a few more times had I not been so thirsty and not willing to pay another few bucks for a can of soda.UPDATE: The fact that the owner of this hookah bar reached out to me, to explain to me WHY he doesn't serve fountain sodas completly earns the 5th star. But for someone who is a big drinker of liquids, I'd love buy 4 get the 5th free or something. Does anyone know? Are outside food and drinks allowed?
4	I definitely like this spot. I love sitting on the floor compared to the usual places with chairs. Mango is a great flavor to try out. Great buzz off the first hit. They're staff is super friendly and laid back. Their 7.50 per person thing was a little odd to me but to each his own other then that great spot.
3	I am a hugh Hookah fan and have been to many hookah lounges throughout the Valley, Most of them , very awesome, and to make it even better Decent Size and kind of a " Club - Like atmosphere " . This place was really not the best simple because its Very small, very quiet, and when I went there...... there employee only checked up on me like twice. Just wasn't  my style, BUT the hookah was decent.
1	One of the worst hookah bars in the valley. The service is almost always terrible. The turnover with employees seems pretty high, so any time you come down you have to deal with someone who has no idea what they are doing. That's a training issue by the owner. The A/C has been out for over a month at the moment and nothing has been done to repair it. The owner is blaming the landlord for not fixing it, but hasn't even bothered apologizing or putting fans in the place to help cool it down. It's summer in Phoenix, dude.It's nearly impossible to get coals whether it is busy or not. Doesn't matter. If it's busy, there are never enough people working. If it's slow, the employees are too busy chitchatting or on their phones. By the time you get the coals, the bowl is dead. They don't even bothering blowing it out for you.When the A/C is working and a competent person is around, it is a nice, quiet place to relax. But good luck with that.
1	Really funny how he has 4.5 stars rating. Bullshit service at first. The quality of the hookah is shit. I don't recommend it at all. Don't waist your money and time in that place. Really fucking angry about there service. They re use the old hoses that are a one time use. That is wrong. I hope the owner reads this. Cause i hope your business shuts down. With all do reaccept the people there don't know shit about hookah.It was at 12 AM two hours ago. And i would not take the time to visit that place for a refund. Im here for only two nights. And I'm saying this only because of the worst service i have ever seen in my whole life. And regarding the hoses the were not properly installed. It was not tight. those type of hookahs as you know need proper caring. The hose was damaged and there was water inside of them and they were yellow. Me and my cousin were the only ones in that place at the time. So it was not crowded. Then there is no reason for having a bad service. I swear to god i am not exaggerating. But the worst place to be. A hookah place should be relaxing with good environment with good quality of hookah. There is no reason to have a bad service if there is no one in the place. I went to other hookah places her in Arizona. They were crowded and still got a good service with excellent hookahs. If your upset about saying what i have said, then its my opinion and my experience that i went throw. And this app for helping people to go to the right places and for the owners to know whats going on with their shops and what their customers feel like. That how i feel about your place. I wont change my mind or my review. Still i don't recommend that place. The other reason that i say this. Its because we were there for no more than 10 minutes and left. And the people who work there saw that we were upset and they never asked why. Waited for 5 minutes, our hookahs came and u know the rest of the story. Started calling them no one came for us. Decided to leave, never asked why. So now you know. If you don't believe me, go ahead be my guest and check the cameras in ur place and see how many times we called them and how lone we stayed at ur place. Best regards
1	This place was super creepy! The employees were apathetic and unhappy, and the other clientele was gross! There was a warning on the menu about vomiting and a secret ingredient as well! Talk about shady! The hookah was subpar and the coffee was repulsive. I do not recommend to any sane human!
1	I went to this place a few months ago, almost a year ago. I'm only writing this review because I didn't have yelp then so maybe they've changed. The flavor we got was a house flavor, I think the asu lovers and it was gross. When we got the hookah, the worker blew out of it with his own tube that goes around the hose. It still grossed me out. While I was smoking the hookah, the hose smelled of bad breath and didn't seemed to be washed. I didn't like sitting on the dirty carpet, so it was just a mess. Left real fast and the service was okay. He gave us a small 10% off discount because he could tell how pissed I was. Never going back. :\
