5	It's Pizza Hut. You always know what to expect. Fast, cheap, sometimes good and sometimes bad. 5 starz for their fast delivery service.
1	I wish No star was an option.  This place was clueless.  No customer service and my order was wrong on two counts and neither could be fixed by associate at the register or the so- called manager.  Papa Johns is by far a better option if you want this type of fast food pizza and feeding around 10 teenage boys for a reasonable price.
1	Will learn from this past order. On a Friday night, I would expect a little wait for food. But I can't believe the service. After being delivered 8 wings instead of 22, called to complain. I waited 10 minutes just to reach anyone, at which point I was asked to hold. I said no, but of course they placed me on hold anyways! I decided to get in my car and go there, and I asked to speak to the manager. The employee went to ask her to come talk to me, and she told him to "just give her a refund". I would like to point out, I hadn't even complained yet! He returned and asked if I wanted a refund, as he noticed the box in my hands. I told him yes, but I still asked to speak to her. He returned to tell her, and she then instructed ANOTHER employee to "go take care of a refund". The girl was really helpful, extremely apologetic, and I appreciate her help. I told her, too, that I still wanted to speak to the manager, and was told she was "too busy" to come talk to me. I was there for over 30 minutes waiting on my correct food, and she still would not come talk to me. I watched as she walked around the back, occasionally stopping to make pizzas or fill another order. However, she had plenty of time to come talk to me, and didn't. If it weren't for her rude behavior I may not even be writing this review. I understand Friday nights are busy for pizza places, and I can forgive an occasional mistake. But I was NOT satisfied with the amount of urgency placed on this mistake, and was even more appalled by the manager on duty, Marie's, lack of concern for the mistake they made. Completely unacceptable. Will be taking my pizza orders elsewhere in the future.
1	If there were a way to do NO STARS then, I would choose it! They are some of the most clueless unorganized people ever. The last 3 attempts to order something there, they have been out of stock, gotten it wrong, or taken forever to deliver it! I wrote the corporation, and the then so-called "manager" reached out to me and gave me a $15 credit. I just tried to call and redeem it tonight, and they don't have any recollection or documentation of my credit. They are just absolutely terrible and I am NEVER wasting my time there again!
