5	New and clean.  Staff is very professional and they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. Place is new so walk in's are easy. My face still feels soft and clean. I will definitely be back.I get a facial every once in awhile when I'm in California. First one in Vegas. I recommend this place.Ps. The owner's laugh is worth the visit
5	I had a truly wonderful experience at Yo Spa today.  I have wanted eyelash extensions for a long time and came to Yo Spa through a great Groupon deal.  The spa is new, clean, beautiful and quiet.  The owner of the spa is highly professional and put me at ease for my first experience with lash extensions.  She took her time to ensure that my final result was absolutely perfect!  I will continue to come to Yo Spa for my lashes and will also be making appointments for facials, which they also offer.  TIP- if you call and get the voice mail don't worry!!  She will call you back to make the appointment- just leave her a message.  I rarely find places in Las Vegas that I will commit to being a loyal repeat customer- but after today, I'm hooked.  I'll be back again and again!!  Yo, the owner of Yo Spa is so nice.  You will definitely enjoy your visit.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I LOOOOVE MY LASHES!!! :) so a friend bought a groupon for a brazilian wax and would not stop raving about this place! :) we found out that they do eyelash extensions as well which instantly intrigued me because I have really thin lashes that grow straight down. I called and got an appointment right away and was so thrilled and excited. I finally get in there and they had me fill out this form on an iPad which i thought was pretty cool :) the place really looks so modern and relaxing, they even play the spa music which adds to the ambience. So the adorable girl who did my lashes (her name is Yo and she's the owner hence the name yo spa:) haha) was super nice and friendly.. Talking to her made me feel like I've known her forever. I chose mink lashes over synthetic because mink felt really soft and the price is so affordable compared to other places.. She made me feel so comfortable and relaxed and when i woke up.. Voila! I couldn't even recognize my own eyes! They looked so natural, it felt so soft and I don't even have to worry about curling them or putting mascara on! Theyre so perfect, you can't even tell that they're extensions! Yo is truly my fairy godmother! :)
5	This is by far one of the best waxing experiences I have had. This place has easy parking, great staff, clean rooms, and super reasonable prices. Purchased 3 Brazilian Waxes for $100. I found this place via a Groupon deal, but will keep returning because it is a gem!w this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	I want to add one more review.  Two weeks ago I got the mink lashes placed by Yo.  She assured me they ARE NOT from animals that are harmed or killed- (they just clip the hair).  They are still perfect!  They are light and feel like my own lashes.    I will never go back to the other ones.  I will continue to be a loyal customer to Yo Spa!
5	I was originally referred to Yo by a friend who had a great experience there. For me, I was looking for a solution to having to glue eyelashes in all the time. Eyelash extensions were a new thing to me. Yo made me feel at ease and relaxed while she did her work. I have really small eyelashes which took a bit more time but the end result was amazing! Most important to this reviewer is Yo, the proprietor whose professionalism is only overshadowed by her kind and friendly personality.
5	I don't know what Nicole F is talking about! Everyone else in Vegas told me they were using mink lashes on me, but really they weren't.  Yo uses real Siberian mink lashes on me, and you can't even tell that I have lash extensions on cuz they look so natural. You can't even see the glue at all! I've been getting my lashes done for 5 years now. Yo definitely does an amazing job. She's sweet, kind, and very soft spoken. Her spa is relaxing and clean. You must go, you'll never go anywhere else.
4	Great service
5	This was one of the best customer service I have received in Las Vegas.  Yo was so professional, and called me to confirm my appt.  When I arrived I was greeted with a hello, and Yo Spa was clean, and very comfortable.  When Yo brought me back to do my dramatic lashes, she was playing very nice, and relaxing music.  Her lash chair was so nice I almost feel asleep while she was putting the lashes on.  I will go no where else.  The customer service was far above any other lash place I have dealt with.  A+ service, A+ lashes.  Thank you so much.
5	I have to say... This was the least painful wax experience I've had in town! Especially since it was a Brazilian!  Kim was amazing!  She took her time and paid attention to detail and made me feel comfortable. I'm so glad I found this place and will definitely come back!!
5	First off love the customer service it's always friendly, informative and educational (especially if never gotten extensions before). This place is located in a plaza (they don't have a permanent sign yet it's just a banner so far) and inside is very clean, new and relaxing. I love Yo she is very thorough with what you need to know and her recommendations. Ben the owner will try to resolve any conflict that may occur with any misunderstands or whatever and makes an effort for 100% satisfaction. They offer synthetic, silk and mink lashes which cost more, respectively.  Touch ups range from half of what you originally paid and depending on the status of your lashes within the two weeks before you are required for a touch up.I got the dramatic eyelashes and they are amazing. I have big eyes so I needed more fuller lashes. I live in San Diego and wish they had a place like Yo Spa. Unfortunately because I  am a student and don't visit Vegas as much as the time allotted for a retouch up, it takes a lot of my time to journey up there. Maybe when I finish nursing school I won't have these issues ;) I recommend this place though because of its service, prices, and customer satisfaction.
1	Let me start by saying I only went here because the girl I usually go to lives far so I decided to try this place out with their groupon, natural set with retouch. The few times I called nobody even answered, I had to call like 3 times for some rude receptionist to finally answer, apparently it's because they're so "booked and busy." 3 weeks later (yea I said 3 weeks) it's finally time for my appt, I get there it's nice clean and fancy, the receptionist seems to be nicer in person than phone, the girl that did my eyelashes must have been new, let me tell you... it took a whole 2 and a half hours to do my natural set! Some asian lady had to come in towards the end to finish it off and make it go faster! I get eyelashes done all the time and a dramatic set by my girl only takes 45 minutes! Anyway 2 weeks later I had my retouch appt, and I couldn't make it I was called into work and asked if I can come in during my lunch break rather than the scheduled morning appt, the receptionist said no we are booked, I told her its only for a retouch and by the time u can get me in next week they would have all fell out and I would have to pay for a whole new set, she says and I quote "well that's why you should have been here this morning" with an attitude! If I could have reached through the phone I would have!! That's not the way u speak to a customer at all!! Will definitely not be going back and would  not recommend!!
4	This place is a must!! I get my eyelash extensions done here and Yo (who is the owner) is amazing!! She truly is one of the best, and I've been getting my eyelashes done for years! The prices are unbeatable - it's insane how affordable she is! I have also had the pleasure of having Kim do my eyelashes as well, and she does a wonderful job too! Both ladies are extremely nice and have worked to accommodate my busy work/travel schedule to fit me in when they can. That's the only negative about this place, it's sooo busy, the appointments are hard to come by since my schedule is super chaotic as well. But you will not be disappointed, Yo and Kim will make you happy with whatever service you happen to get.  Thanks ladies - customer service is still alive at Yo Spa!
5	Bought the Brazilian wax deal on groupon and I've tried a few places in town and this is the only one I will be going back to! Kim does a great job waxing, she takes her time and gets every hair and I'm still out of there in 30 minutes. She actually makes a Brazilian less painful. Great staff, friendly, and knowledgable.
5	I was in Vegas on Vacation and wanted a facial the resort I was staying at was charging way too much in my opinion. I contacted Yo Spa and they were able to accommodate my sister and I. (They even stayed open late on a Saturday to allow us to both to have facials)  Today 4 days later my skin is still glowing and baby soft have to say one of the best facials I have ever had. Thanks Kim. The Spa itself is so clean and relaxing totally worth the 7min drive instead of being ripped off with a mediocre treatment at my resort. Yo Spa is definitely my new go to Spa in Vegas when I'm In town. Thank you for the great service and prices. Can't wait to come back.
5	I went in to have my eyes done,  (love this place), and was greeted once again with the most wonderful costumer service by a salon, or spa in Vegas that I have gone too since the 4 years we have lived here.  I had my dramatic lashes done by Desiree (i am sorry if I got your name wrong.)  She was very nice, good at what she does, very thorough and I was so comfortable, I kept catching myself falling asleep.  They always have the most calming music, nice smelling candles, I love this place, and already have my next appt. booked.
3	I bought a Groupon for dramatic eyelashes with a retouch. When I think of dramatic I think of full lashes. The lashes I got were incredibly long and all the same length.I did not feel confident and they were just so sparse, it really looked like I was missing lashes. I soaked these ones off, I honestly feel like mascara looks better than this set did.I have been getting extensions since 2009  and really wanted to find someone in my area. I did really want to like this place!
5	Service was great, a little slower than I am used to but they did a great job.  I was so happy with my lashes!  Definitely recommend, and will be going back when I visit Vegas!
2	Purchased a Groupon for the dramatic full set n a retouch for $69. The place was nice as well as the staffs there. The only thing s it took forever for them to finish my lashes. And after laying there for about 20 mins I started to feel really uncomfortable from the pad that they used to hold my lower lashes. I told the lady that i feel like its touching my eyes so she fixed it n it still hurt me. It was done after an hour n 20 mins finally. My lashes look nice as the first sight since i came in with no lashes at all. But i think they did a little over board. My eyes look really heavy and the lashes kinda all over. Worst thing, over night, my  left eye turned really red n i always feel like something is in there. It got to the point that i had to carry eyes drop w me n i was using all day long. I had people telling me that my eyes look really bad n i should be wearing glasses or just staying home ! My eye did not get better til a week later. So id rather lose money for the retouch that i still have left, but not coming back to ruin my eyes ever again.
1	I purchased this groupon for a specific event I needed my eyelashes done for. I called on a Friday to set up an appointment for that Sunday. I got a call early Sunday morning at about 6 am stating that the technician scheduled to do my eyelashes got in a car accident & I would need to be rescheduled. I was not too happy about it but I understood it was out of their control. Thankfully this was not my issue because my event was not until the following Friday. I called back &the store owner's husband Ben, rescheduled my appointment for Thursday. On Wednesday I got a call from the receptionist stating that I had been double booked and again, I would need to be rescheduled. I explained to the receptionist that I had an event on Friday & that this was the second time I had been rescheduled, she was unable to do anything for me. I then asked to speak to a manager and she said she would take my name and number and they would return my call. Till this day I still have not got a call & do not appreciate that the store manager or owner did not have the decency to call me. I was extremely dissatisfied & groupon refunded me my money. I will go elsewhere for lashes.
4	I've been coming to Yo Spa regularly for a few months now, and the estheticians here are excellent! A special shout out to Kim, who is very skilled & such a rad person!Unfortunately, I feel that I must deduct a star for the curt & unprofessional front desk services. The last time I came in & greeted the receptionist, she responded with "your name?". No "hello", no "how are you", no "welcome to yo spa". Furthermore, I don't think she had to ask who I was in the first place, as I was the only 10:30 appt & the only person in the waiting room. How difficult is it to greet a client and take a second to look at the calendar?I don't think this will be a problem any longer, as I was told the particular employee no longer works there, but in the past I've received several calls about the receptionist not being able to "figure out" what time my appt was, because I was "scheduled for 2 slots" or which groupon I used, or how much I owed. A few of those times, the receptionist has "solved" the problem between the time she left me a voicemail & when I called back & dismissed me with a curt "it's been taken care of now". Thanks for NOT letting me know!Lastly, I've been very fortunate to skip the wait most of the time, but the esthetician who worked with me was scheduled for her next appt in an hour, even though I regularly come in for a 2-3 hour wax. Much to her credit, she still did a great job, but I'm sure the other client wasn't too happy about having to wait for almost an hour. In summary, the estheticians are great, but the receptionists are a hot mess! :-) Hopefully, as as Yo Spa gets the hang of things, they will be able to get it together!
1	This is my second time at Yo Spa- I like Kim and she is the only reason I'm giving this place an ok review. First off- what's going on with the reception? I didn't have an appointment but I walked in and asked if there was time for a Brazilian today. No issue if not but I was in the neighborhood and wanted to get it done after work. I was told yes 15 minutes. It's now been 45 minutes and its a complete disservice to clients when places do this. I understand you don't want to turn away business but be more realistic BC now I'm pissed and my experience with Yo Spa is tarnished. I could of done other things and come back. Place seems dirty too now that I've had the chance  to sit here for almost an hour. Thanks for wasting my time-- do your self a favor and call to make an appointment. And don't bother getting there early, girl next to me has been waiting 20 minutes.So I ended up leaving and went down to the pretty kitty- 5 min away (not only did they see me immediately but they were FANTASIC!
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. Don't take a chance on this sorry excuse for a business, no seriously. Made an appt. with receptionist, they mysteriously couldn't find it when I called to confirm and they found out I had a groupon. I was told Yo (owner I guess??) would call me and squeeze me in. Never returned my call after numerous calls to her cell. As last straw I  text her early in the evening and finally, late that evening she returns my text with "SOL...better luck next time." Really Yo?? You're a piece of work. Good luck with your biz. With that attitude, I give you 2yrs. tops. Hey Yo maybe someday you'll be good enough on your own you won't have to put so many 'Groupons' out there, but I seriously doubt it. Where are the negative stars when you need them.
1	First the positive: Ask for Destiny. She is awesome. Super sweet and takes her time and makes sure you like her work before you leave. Now the reason for one star:  The receptionist is just awful. Partly because you can tell this is her first job ever and her customer service skills need to be developed. My appointment was canceled/put in the system wrong 3 out of 4 times I have been there. If they cancel on you, don't think that they will try to fit you in with anyone else....won't happen. And from my experience with this place, the estheticians call in more often than not.  Lastly, if you decide to buy a Groupon for this place, expect to be put on the back burner as far as appointments go. My eyelashes looked good, but there are too many places in Vegas that will fit you in same day, has good customer service, and does a good job.
5	I first came to Yo Spa months ago in desperation. The previous place I had gone to in the area was incredibly overpriced and ruined my natural lashes! When I saw Yo (owner) I had come to her with barely any lashes to work with at all. By some miracle she was able to give me a really pretty and natural looking set. I could leave the house once again! She treated my lashes with great care until they grew back enough to make them dramatic again.Yo is amazing in her craft! This place is very reasonably priced compared to others I have been to. She offers an assortment of lashes to choose from (silk, mink, ect.). Yesterday I got the mink lashes, I had the silk before which I loved too. My lashes are so glamorous yet in a natural way! I get a ton of compliments after seeing Yo. Yo uses lavender essential oil to relax you (which I love, I go right into nap mode), dims the light in the room ( besides for on your face obviously), plays tranquil spa music and even puts a blanket on you so you can fall asleep easily.  Or if you aren't tired she's great conversation, super cool. Either way the seemingly endless lash appointment goes by super quick. This place is great despite the other reviews. Both myself and best friend go to see Yo for lashes. Destiny is also good. Very Clean place. Call ahead for an appointment because nowadays she's pretty booked up.
5	Yo spa is amazing I love my lashes. I've been to many spas in the past but never again. Yo spa does amazing eyelashes
5	Bought an offer off Groupon..  It's nice here..  It's so zen right when you walk in..  I loved it and Yo is wonderful! She cares about her patients takes her time..  I will definitely be coming back! Thank you Yo!
3	:/ I have to say this place was OK for a Groupon buy. The staff is wonderful and maybe I just didn't like it because I am use to MINK eyelashes but I got synthetic there cheapest ones because that is what the Groupon allowed and it was terrible. I walked out happy because at the moment of course they looked nice but they are so hard to keep they kept tuning and moving sticking together and just not comfy. I wouldn't say don't go here but I would say get MINK or maybe SILK is even better but not synthetic I rather just put on some from the store those are 10x's better then these and CHEAPER.Price is only moderate with Groupon!
1	This is the first ever review I've written about a place without actually going there. I always wonder, "Why do people write reviews about places they've never been?" You know what I'm talking about, when you see reviews that are like, "one star! Kept trying to call and they didn't answer their phone!" and it's like "seriously?" That being said, I am writing this review because after my experience with their business practices, I will never, ever be coming here. I bought a groupon worth $190 for $89 a loooong time ago. It expired. Per groupon policy, the amount paid (not the promotional value) is supposed to never expire. I e-mailed them inquiring about this. They said my groupon was only redeemable for $45. I e-mailed them a couple more times saying, "are you sure? It clearly states on the groupon that the paid value is supposed to be honored." They kept insisting that only it was only worth $45 because Groupon takes the other half of the paid amount. Luckily, Groupon credited the $89 back to me as Groupon bucks, but they should NOT do business with Groupon if they are not going to abide by Groupon's policies. I hope that other people who have issues with this complain to groupon and that they get banned from doing business with them in the future.
