5	I've gone to numerous tanning salons in California and Las Vegas to get the mystic and versa spa tans. They have always left me splotchy, orange and didn't last very long. After moving to Vegas, I learned about mobile tanning. What a fantastic concept and I was eager to try it. I love everything about this company!! They come to my house and provide a custom session. They ask how light or dark I want my tan and they work with me to achieve 100% satisfaction. They even contour the body (and abs). It only takes about 20 minutes, and I have the sun kissed tan that would take months in the sun or tanning bed.  I have even hosted a tanning party at my house and had Bold Body Bronzing tan a bunch of my girlfriends before a party. I definitely recommend this company for all you mobile tanning needs.Looking forward to my next tan!!!
5	I LOVE BOLD!!! I am an esthetician in Los Angeles, CA, and Kamela came to me for a facial. I don't tan anymore so I can save my skin from aging and sun damage. I have had spray tanning in the past and I have been really unhappy with the results. When I get sprayed by Kamela I look awesome!!!! Its even and its a fantastic golden brown color, very very natural looking. The last time I got sprayed by her I had lunch with my friend the next day and she was SO impressed... she said my tan was amazing and that it looked so natural and beautiful. Even my boyfriend loved it and he usually hates it when i get sprayed.Go to BOLD!!!! You will be sooooo happy!!!!!
5	I recently got sprayed for a Halloween party at the PB Mansion by BOLD Body Bronzing. I had always done mystic tans but wanted to try a more customized tan. I was nervous because I'm super picky but I couldn't believe how amazing the color was! It was also nice because she was able to do some body contouring to make myself look a little more toned and who doesn't like that?They let me choose how dark I wanted to go and even let me add little scent drop to the solution so it smelled nice afterwards.Make sure you moisturize every day after to prolong your tan. I highly recommend them! Super professional!
5	This is the best tanning! From the convenience of coming to you, to the heated spray tan, all the way to the flawless summer glow this place is the  best!
5	Kamela is fabulous.....she was on time, great about letting me know where she was as she was coming to my hotel to do on-site spray tan--- she ROCKS. Had this for my wedding week as we're still -20 here where I live..... and the color was great- no orange! Perfect tones/color, looked fabu. Thank you so much!
1	Text them on 4/28 before we headed to Vegas to get some info & make an appointment. Didn't get a response. Contacted them again on 5/6 & actually called this time & left a message. It's now 5/7 and I still haven't heard back. It's either they're OUT OF BUSINESS or customer service is non existent.
4	I got a spray tan from Kamela and she was awesome! Super professional and the color looked great- no orange status! I'll be going through Diana next since she was the one I was originally referred to first.
5	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! I got bailed on without a phone call for my appointment with Illuminate You. I quickly called Diana of BOLD Body Bronzing who SPED to my hotel last minute to provide an AWESOME spray tan session for me and SAVED THE DAY!. SHE was a true professional. You're welcome, Illuminate You. Hopefully no one else makes a huge mistake by calling that scumbag instead of Diana :)
