4	The Regal theatre at GVR is definitely one of the nicer theaters that we have in Vegas.  Located across from the district at GVR and at the bottom floor of the actual resort the theatre features several screen and a clean, spacious concession and bathroom.
4	I think this will be my theater of choice.  There was just something cozy about it.  It has the same downfalls of all theaters~ expensive tickets and even more expensive snacks.  But it was clean and comfortable.
3	I went here last night to go see inception, fantastic movie (go see it now) but the whole time I was sitting there all i could hear was the loud squeaks from the seats everytime someone around me ajusted themselves...shit drove me absolutely nuts! id go there again, it was clean, the seats were comfortable, and the staff was polite but seriously way toooo squeaky, if i go again ill be bringing a can of wd-40 with me!
1	I don't know what is squeakier in these theaters... The hips of the older crowd that filled 95% of the seats, or the chairs EVERY time someone shifted their weight. The chairs were just ridiculous. The olds, just meant more talking during the movie. Also the arm rests are awful! They are concave and hardly padded at all, in between hard plastic edges!!! So it feels like you are resting your arm on bones.And a minor complaint, the bathrooms don't have a paper towel option to dry your hands, only blowers that blow cold, not warm, air. After a 2 hr movie, in a cold theater, that is not pleasant at all!
4	We've sat in both the general seating area and also in the private rooms upstairs. The general seating is good, except for the squeaky seats. We've been watching movies here since GVR opened.The private box is great. You sit upstairs above everyone in a private room that can seat a party of 15-20 depending on what room you get. You can either order food from their concession stand, through GVR hotel, or do what we do & just order Fat Burger...they'll deliver it too. They offer the box to VIP's or you can rent them (not sure on price)All in all, it's a win win situation here. They don't play as much children's movies here as the Colonnade does-but it is a casino. It's a clean theater & I recommend it too all my friends...now if they can only fix those squeaky seats!
4	I couldn't pick a casino I'd rather have in my backyard than GVR. The cinema feels very private, i enjoy the atmosphere.
4	What do I love more than food? MOVIES!!!! Although the movie theater to see and be seen is RAVE you will catch me at Regal Theaters. Why you ask? Because everyone else will be at that "other" theater there is always better seating at Regal. Secondly because Tuesdays they do $5 movies and $1 popcorn. Score!!!! The only reason it's not a five star is because I have to walk a short distance through a smoky casino to get to the theater otherwise it would be five star fo sho. Lastly Regal has a club called Regal Crown Club and you earn points towards free movies, popcorn and drinks. All of this makes for the best movie experience in town for me. If you don't know, now you know.
2	I like the location of this theater since we ate dinner at The District and stayed at Green Valley Station.  We saw the movie Little Focker and I do have to say that the seats were very comfortable and the inside of the theater was very clean. The sound and picture was excellent.  The Women's bathroom was filthy.  I went into 5 different stalls until I found a clean one to use.  Also, two of the workers were wearing the appropriate shirt and color pants but they had the pants hanging low that there butt cracks would be showing if their shirt was not long enough.  Not appropriate and if I was their manager I would be sending them home.  I don't personally like that style of clothing but I feel if you dress like that that is fine but not to work.  So, this leads me to believe that there is lack of management there.
5	$5 movie Tuesdays is awesome!  I thought this was a "daytime" offer at first but nope- it's all day and night here for $5.  I almost always never work on Tuesdays and you'll find me here at the Green Valley Ranch area.  I love The Disctrict and the theatre here is just another reason I love the area.  The theatre itself is just standard, nothing extraordinary to note: clean, basic sound and screen.  But because the $5 Tuesday deal, the convenient location of the place, and that it's almost never packed  in here makes it my favorite theatre in the Vegas area.
3	Nice theater that really needs to spend a couple bucks to update to more modern seating and decor (EX: Rave @ Town Square). Also if you're going to charge me $300 for concessions, can you please hire more than one 16 year old min wage kid to make it so I don't have to stand there like a schmuck for 10 minutes? Makes me feel good about sneaking in my own candy and water!
3	Very clean and easy to find theater, great location inside the District. Had limited interactions with staff as I used fandango.com to print my coupon and didn't buy movie food. One annoying thing was that twice during the movie, a staff person walked across the theater and back. As I was in the first row of the main level, the person walked across my movie basically 4 times. Sure it was a Wednesday late night and only a few people in theater watching a drama but very much a distraction to the overall movie experience!!!  I would have told someone at the end of the movie but there was no one to be found afterwards as I'm sure they were getting ready to lock up and close.
4	I love the movies here, but always have a long way to walk, if I need to skip out to powder my nose.....wear depends if you get a large coke for a movie that you really want to see.
4	$5 ECONOMY MOVIE TICKETS AT ANY TIME AND $2 POPCORN on TUESDAYYYYSSSS! =) btw if you get a free-regal ticket from your regal reward card points, you can't use it on a NEW movie up to 10 days.
2	Dang how in the heck can you work in a theater and not know about the movies playing.  Its 2011, please stop being cheap and have paper towels in the bathroom. Popcorn was ok i should have went to Popcorn girl and brought my own(pissed i couldn't really eat it due to the smell). The only thing that was good was the movie hangover 2. I enjoyed the movie but since it was packed and some *ick-head had his feet all on my seat. (yeah i gave him the eye several times but I guess he was to dum to figure out  the deal-he got me on a good night). The smell was so foul he had my eyes and nose burning. (Man he needs to spray some big Oomp spray or something on those dogs, and the theater @the same time.) All and all i may need to continue to drive to fiesta or go early on tuesday.  They better be glad i don't know any movies man around here- because I could have gotten the 2 for 1 deal on the streets.(jk)
4	I go to this movie theater mainly based on it's location, but I haven't been dissapointed.  Unlike other Regal Theaters near by (I'm looking at you Fiesta Henderson), the theaters are always clean and the movies play smoothly without issue.  I am mainly a 9-10pm showing kind of a guy so I can't speak to the crowds or lines, but late night is a breeze to get tickets and snacks.  The downsides are the same as every full price theater around.  The prices are rediculus on everything, but Regal passes from Costco soften the blow.  Regal's current promotions are pretty good and help cut the cost. ($1 popcorn day, $5 ticket day).
3	Good place to watch a matinee.  I read a couple other reviews...looks like I need to go on Tuesday nights!  Nothing outstanding about this cinema....nothing bad either.  I prefer South Point and Rave but this is an easy location too.  I'm sure we'll be back.
3	Looks like adaptations of superhero comics and movies about teenage wizards are the only thing that will get me to go to a theater now a days. Eleven dollars for a regular night admission is a bit steep. I keep seeing that they have five dollar economy tickets on Tuesday. One day I will take advantage of this deal, but this is still one of the nicer Regal Cinemas around so I do not mind forking over the price for the ticket every once in a while.
3	Easy to get to and in a great area - the District!Parking - Casino parking, which translate to a bit of a walk compared to normal theaters.Ticket Office - Not sure, it seems that only one person works there at a time and the line can get quite long.  Okay, more than one is there, yet they only seem to come out at the last possible moment.Payment - You can use your casino points to pay for tickets.Screen Size - Not bad, not too large. Small format compared to Rave.Food - Come on, it is just your basic expensive fare.  Not bad though.Bathrooms - Interesting that one is always busy and the other one twenty feet further is always empty. Not sure why they are selling mints and stuff in a vending machine and yet they cannot stock paper towels to dry the hand?Otherwise- Small, utilitarian, simple and functional.I go there often to see adult movies that are not at the Colonnade.Check it OUT!!!
3	This is just an older theater that kind of confused me the first time I went in. They have $5 movies on Tuesdays which totally kicks ass! Only reason I'd go.
2	I went to see a movie at Green Valley for the first time yesterday. Pros: great location, 10% off at FatBurger with your movie stubCons: Rude employees, small and crowded theaters, seats make annoying noises when you move in them.Overall, not my favorite theater in Vegas. I probably won't go back.
2	The screens are small here compared to other movie theaters
3	Close to home. Not crazy busy.
4	This Regal is conveniently located at the west end of The District shopping center which is the main draw of it for me. Like Megan M. said, it's a good place to catch a matinee, particularly on a week day because the theater is small, which is a plus for me. I think there are 10 theaters total of varying sizes and they utilize the larger ones for more recent releases.The real winning point here is the $6 movie day (Tuesdays). If that's not recession friendly I don't know what is! The special runs all day which means even after the sun goes down, you can see a movie for $6. A couple of other theaters in Henderson do this too, but GVR is the cleanest and and has more access to pre- or post- movie dining options.A great theater with a weekly promotion for those of us who love a good deal!
4	Clean and Great Value on Tuesdays
1	We came here Tuesday and wanted to watch The Amazing Spider Man. Too bad the Tuesday $5 did not apply. On top of that, I asked for two trays, filled it with popcorn and asked for a third tray to fill with my large popcorn order. The employee took half my full popcorn, filled it back up and gave me my third tray.Either we had a misunderstanding or he is delinquent. Also, there was a line for Magic Mike and Spider-Man, but the employees screwed up the lines.The result was an angry crowd who stormed in the theatre as the manager shrugged his shoulders with a dumbfounded look.Disappointed with an unorganized theatre.The screen is mediocre.
2	Good location but seriously how much would it cost to put cushions in the armrests...
5	$5.00 movies on Tuesdays? Heck yes!The staff seems pretty easy going, friendly and courteous to us. The discounted ticket prices, of course, get gobbled up when we pick up some popcorn and a drink. Yes, we could bring in outside snacks, however - if enough people do that, then all prices will rise. We bite the bullet and enjoy some theatre popcorn and soda.We decided to, finally, go check out the new Batman over the three day weekend. We got to the last check point a little early, so we sat down and relaxed while waiting. Striking up a conversation with the younger guy working the ticket taking station, he seemed pretty wise for someone as young as he was. A patron exited a theatre to let him know the projector in their movie was frozen and had been for the last 5-10 minutes. He promptly turned around and went back into the theatre.After the ticket taker radio'd in the issue, and someone had a chance to check the projection booth, ticket taker started getting lectured about how the movie was not frozen and he should have gotten more info, blah blah blah. I wanted to grab his radio and correct whomever was on the other end of the transmission. Ticket taker did not have a chance to do anything else, as the old guy rushed back into the theatre. Ticket taker couldn't very well leave his station and go into a theatre to inspect it.Other than out of touch management, this is one of my favorite local theatres and will be seeing more movies here for sure!
5	Get your host to book you a balcony... Private viewing area with self controlled temperature sound and lighting plus a personal server to bring you any food or drinks you want. Best way to see a movie!
5	What's nice about the theater at GV Ranch is that you can walk right in without going through the smoky casino.  Parking in the outside lot is easy and I like the simple access.  Clean theaters and restrooms, good sound--what else do you need when watching the latest flick?  I know, cheaper tickets and concessions, but get that Regal Crown Club card and you'll start racking up the freebies before you know it.
5	I come from a place where you can almost guarantee that any movie you go to will be considered "audience participation" and where raunchy, loud crowds are the rule and not the exception.  Also, I've been to some pretty dirty theaters.  This is so not the case at the Regal in Green Valley.  Crowds seem courteous and the place is very clean.  Their rewards card is actually one of the better ones in my wallet.  You build up points that periodically get you free sodas, popcorn and, eventually, even movie tickets.  And I found out that the points don't expire (I hadn't lived near a Regal theater since December 2011 and we still got a free soda today when they swiped our card.  Score!).  Added bonus: I think movies on Tuesdays are 6 bucks (except on holidays).  Nice overall movie-going experience here.
4	Not very much to write about this place.  A couple of friends came to this place to watch "This is 40."  What I like about this place is that it wasn't busy at all.  There were a lot of theaters which meant a lot of movie options.  It was located in GVR, so you know there's a lot of parking.  The food wasn't anything special, your average theater food.  Super expensive as expected.  I did appreciate the courtesy of letting ups know that the theaters were being cleaned.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  I would definitely return to this location for another movie.
4	Pretty nice theater. Love the rewards program! We usually get either a free movie ticket or small drink or popcorn. Not the biggest place but close and clean when you show up. Wish they carried all the "big" movies right away and not the other one or two a week later
4	I love going to the movies so it's great that this is nice and close.Lots of parking at the resort and near the resort at The District... This movie theater is always clean and well maintained... well... the times I go anyways... which is about once a month.They have a self serve kiosk if you don't want to wait in line.The theater entrance is on the lower street level closest to the The District so you don't have to walk through the casino if you don't want to.Service is usually really fast.  It just depends on who you have in front of you and what they are ordering.Theaters are comfortable with roomy leg space.
4	We enjoy coming to this theater.  We find that they offer a great array of different movies at great times. The theater is always clean and the staff is personable.  I love the bog open lobby area with the tables to the right when you enter.  It gives you that cafe feel and a great place to eat your snacks as you are waiting for friends.The seats are nothing fancy but they are comfortable and the space between the rows is perfect for someone to walk by you if needed.I like that you can reach the theater two ways, from the district or the casino. Tickets are $6 on Tuesday's for what ever time you would like!  So if you are available and want to save a buck, that would be a great time to go!
3	If you had asked me a couple years ago I would have said this was one of the best theaters in town.. but things have changed. This theater needs to step-up its game if it wants people to still come through. I've been coming here for years and overall its not bad but. I do believe its starting to show its age though. Most of the seats are squeaky and loose and the padding is wearing down.The concessions are nothing great, just overpriced popcorn and soda, the usual, nothing really stands out nor is there anything to complain about. This theater only has 10 screens so they have alot fewer showtimes compared some of the other cinemas in town.Though GVR's movie theater has seen better days, there are a couple upsides to the place. GVR overall is a pretty nice area Its real close to the District which has plenty of restaurants and stuff to do. Also I've noticed that this theater is almost always dead. So its a pretty good alternative to Town Square if its a busy weekend. Thankfully Regal still does $6 Tuesdays and offers student/military discount which is always great.
3	Love that cinema is at the entrance, so you avoid the walking through the casino floor. Tuesdays, movies are $6 all day, however, they do not have a huge listing on movies AND rarely kids movies! This knocked a star down....clean place and snack bar prices are just like an other theatre.
5	Love this place. Especially if you have the Regal rewards card and go on Tues you get a ticket for a small popcorn in which you can make a large for $1.00. Its always clean and the people are very nice.  The seating chairs are ok to sit in :)
4	I love coming here to watch my movies!It is so easy to buy your tickets either on the kiosk or with a person.  They are fast and efficient.  The place is very clean and it smells so nice as well.  The place is rather quiet and peaceful.  I remember they had a little cafe where you can sit down and relax while you enjoy your food, but I believe that is gone now.Great seats very comfortable and they have a great sound system.  And after your movie you can walk outside and the district is right across the street!
4	I go to the movies an average of 5 times a week (thanks MoviePass!) and this is one of my favorite theaters in town. It's fairly quiet (except on senior night or bargain night) and it's well maintained. The employees are friendly and the snack quality is excellent. The stadium seating is very spacious and the seats are super comfortable. The projection and sound is also good. It's an extremely easily accessible theater (which isn't the norm for most theaters inside casinos). You don't have to suffer a long walk through a smoky casino to access the theater.The biggest downside is that their restrooms are outside the main ticket-taking booth so if you have to pee during your movie, it's a long walk (don't forget your ticket stub). There are also some theaters with very squeaky seats. Try yours out when you sit down and if it's a squeaker, move.
4	This is one of my favorite theaters in town. There is always a good selection of movies offered and a large range of show times to choose from. Staff is always polite and helpful. I subtract one star for the fact that the ticket office is usually packed and the line for the concession stand is almost always ridiculous.
3	It did what it needed to do. I watched a movie. The chairs are very uncomfortable and squeaked. There was also a lot of trash like the theatre had not been cleaned before our movie. Over it was average.
4	There are a lot of movie theaters in Vegas and I tend to frequent a select three. Green Valley is one of them. I particularly like this theater because it is situated in the perfect place. You can get to the theater without actually going through the casino, which I love. It has an entrance directly off of The District, which means it affords you the ability to have a lot of dining options if you want to do a dinner/movie. The casino's food court is also directly above the theater, which affords you a cheap, quick meal if you don't want to do a sit-down meal. The theater itself is kept clean. It is on the small side, but I kind of like that about the place. You can usually catch movies here that have been out for awhile and you'll be able to watch it in a less than half full theater. I rarely go to the box office anymore to buy tickets since I buy them online, so my dealings with the staff are rare. However, whenever I've given my ticket over to the ticket taker here they have been congenial and happy.I would recommend this theater over many others in the Valley.
4	Obviously the best day to see a movie here in on Tuesday when they are six bucks and you can get a small popcorn for $2.Good selection of movies but this place could use an upgrade on the seats. They're tiny and not very comfortable. Another plus is you can usually sneak dinner in from the food court and chomp some pizza while you get your film on.
4	We really enjoy this theater.  It has fewer screens that theaters that are close by, but the selection is usually pretty good.  All of the seats are comfy and large, and we've never had issues with the sound.  There is more than 1 bathroom in the theater itself, so you don't have to go out to the casino when it's crowded.  Importantly, we've never had an issue with cleanliness.  There is also direct access to the movie theater off of The District, which is nice if you don't want to have to walk through the casino.  We'll continue to see movies here.
4	Clean theaters, above average sound and picture quality, fresh popcorn (3 of 3 times). What more can you ask for in a movie theater?
4	It's that time of year again. Oscar season! It's really the only time of year I am enthusiastic about going to the movies. We have an abundance of Regal gift cards to use, so we decided to make a day of it by enjoying lunch in Henderson and then a movie at Regal Green Valley. It's smaller than I though. Only 10 theaters, I enjoy a smaller theater and I didn't find the selection limited in any way. The seats were comfortable, which is key when watching a movie. I probably wont' be a regular at this location since I don't live in the area, but it's a great little theater in town with a good selection.
3	It's an ok movie theater, the only reason why I would come here is that they show lot of the limited release movies. I came to see Hayao Miyazaki's last master piece, The Wind Rises. The seats are comfortable and the screen/sound are pretty good, but I think Galaxy movie theaters have spoiled me a little. The seats are galaxy are very comfortable and food option is better quality and bit cheaper. The tickets at this theater is also more expensive than galaxy theater on Green valley and Sunset.
1	I am rarely ever in this area so I don't frequent this movie theater very much. The last two times I was here, I was not a fan at all. The seats are very uncomfortable. Both times.... (that's right, both times) I was the unlucky one and had a broken chair. It was so hard to recline back. It was nearly impossible to cuddle with my date because my chair was not willing to recline back. Super annoying.
4	Wow, have I really not written a review for this theater yet?  How on earth is that one possible?Came out Saturday morning for X-Men, and had a delightful experience.The employees are always very polite.  Prices are standard for movie theaters, and I love that I can use my points for free movies.  Popcorn was great, and the girl who handled our concessions actually listened to the request for "light ice" and "light butter."  The foyer is always clean, and the theaters are usually pretty clean as well.This is another of my standby theaters, and I always have a pleasant experience here.
4	Awesome service, stadium seating is a plus.  It lacks variety in movie options because there is only 10 auditoriums meaning some of the movies you want to see may not be playing at this movie theatre.  The reasons why this place is only rated 4 out of 5 is because the increase in ticket prices and increase in food and beverage.Only if they can reduce the price of ticket prices.
2	The theater, location, employees, and cleanliness are fine. I saw my movie on the big big screen. Wish they were all 70 mm. sized. I'm unhappy because on Saturday, Sept. 13, at 7 PM there was only one cashier. We had to wait about10 minutes to get through the ticket purchase line. I suppose they think we should be happy their is a self-service kiosk, but I see it as another sign of jobs going bye-bye. Anyway, I had a comp and couldn't use the kiosk even if I wanted.
4	One of the ok movie theaters here in town, it was clean and the seats were ok.  The sound system was good and the movie was enjoyable.Staff seemed friendly, food and drink prices are not any cheaper then any other casino, but it is what it is.This is not my favorite movie theater but is acceptable enough as it is clean and well taken care of.I will go here again if there is a movie I desire to see and they have it.  Not much more to say, at least your feet don't stick to the floor and you don't feel like something will eat you alive while watching your movie.The prices are average and they do offer a military discount on the tickets so this makes this place move a little higher on my list of places I like to support.
4	Theaters are clean and we'll kept.  Staff are friendly.  Popcorn is marginal at best stale!
1	Overpriced with a moody staff. Far more expensive then south point with bad service.  It was dead when I went, and for good reason. GVR is the only theatre I've ever had problems with the staff. Plus it's ridiculously over priced (even though all theatres are) at most theaters it's about 45$ for me and my boyfriend to see a movie and get snacks but here it was 55$ and we didn't even get candy. My boyfriend got a hot dog that the staff shoved into the bag so the bun got all ripped up and they shorted him on his 6$ small drink. It had an inch and a half of space left when he recieved it. I wouldn't normally care that it wasn't all the way full but when you pay 6$ for a drink you expect it to be filled. Then the girl checking us out had no people skills and kept looking at us like she wanted us to leave.  But we finally get into the movie and it's a good movie but the usher kept patrolling constantly through the movie and he was distracting. He walked through the theater at least 4 times clicking his counter each time. The movie was great but I don't think I'll be back at GVR again I'm gunna stick with south point and save 10$ and not have to deal with an usher who doesn't know how to do his job well enough to not distract people from the movie they payed good money for. It might have been nice and clean but the service was severely lacking.
4	this location is nice, much smaller than Sunset station but easy access to the District, gambling, fine dining and much more.  If you are in this side of town and would like to watch a movie, don't hesitate to watch it here, just make sure you have enough money for snacks and beverage (hence 4/5 stars).
4	We generally go on Tuesday's, were they offer great admission prices ($6) and discounted concessions.  Typically we go early in the day, so everything is clean.  This theater seems well maintained.  Seats are comfortable, and we've never had one that didn't operate properly.My only criticism is that they stopped providing the cardboard trays to carry concessions.
