4	This new, high tech planetarium in Montreal just opened to the public on April 6th, 2013. It;s located next to other Montreal land marks (Olympic Park, BioDome and Botanical Gardens). It's very new, modern and high tech. They have two theatres. One you view the "sky" from bean bags on the floor or Muskoka chairs. Here they were showing a about 12 min artistic interpretation of the universe with a great music but there were no words, explanations. We saw this film first and loved the visual and overall experience of it but I was disappointed that there wasn't more information and description even though it was an artistic interpretation - but it was very beautiful. The second film is what I think of as a traditional planetarium. It's a theatre with adjusted chairs that allow you to see the "sky". this presentation kind of has two parts. First they show and describe the constellations of the seasonal Montreal night sky and then they go deeper into the far reaches of the universe to show nebulas, galaxies and all the rest. I really, really enjoyed this portion and felt it was very informative and is probably what most people expect/want when they visit a planetarium. They also have an exhibit type area that is very interactive with touch screens, and puzzles and talks from staff. I found this area a bit of a disappointment but also amazing. I felt like it was a bit more about how advanced and 'techie' it was then the information and there were some bugs in some of the touch screens closing things before you had finished reading and the 3 different talks that happened in the 2.5 hours we were there were all in French meaning we didn't participate. I get that they probably need this time of presentation space to draw in young learners but I felt like the science and knowledge wasn't as important in the process. Overall I was impressed with the space, the theatres, the exhibit hall and the cafeteria was great. However it seems like they are still going through some growing pains (like lake of signage, non operational exhibits for example). parking is expensive ($15 flat rate) so take advantage and see other things near by (ie olympic stadium or biodome) or take the Metro.
3	Three stars because of the two showings I only really loved one.The first, in the chaos theatre, was amazing.You sit down on a beanbag and watch the amazingness evolve above you.The second show was more educational, the problem was that half of the things shown we couldn't see because they were situated behind us, and the chairs don't really give. It was also not a graphically impressive, so it was kind of a let down after the previous one.It would have been better if the shows were reversed, I think "continuum" would be a good way to end the visit, because then you would leave more impressed.But, I don't regret my visit.I would go again just for the first show.
4	New addition to the awesome sightseeing complex that's comprised of Biodome, Insectarium, Botanical Gardens and the Olympic Tower - the super high-tech planetarium.The interior decor is beautiful, walking into the planetarium is like walking into outer space with stars. A visit to the planetarium is mainly comprised of two shows - the "Continuum" and "From Earth to the Stars". During the waits between the showings - there is an area with a lot of interactive technologies with touch screens that teach basic knowledge about the universe. The "Continuum" is an immersion show where everyone gets to cuddle up to their own bean chair and spend 23 minutes traveling through the universe, from planets to stars to galaxies. There is absolutely no disturbance, just an complete display of elegance of the universe. "From Earth to the Stars" is an informative and educational show where the interpreter teaches practical knowledge of how to identify constellations in the night sky and explains certain scientific facts about objects of the universe. They are two complementary and completely different experiences. Loved both shows! Both are fun, interesting and educational.Both shows are included with admission and can be combined with admissions with other attractions at a discount. Look up the show times for both shows because they are either in English or French. For "Continuum", there is really no talking besides the instructions at the start.
2	Definitely not something to go out of your way for. The place was OVER-RUN by large camp groups (we were there on a weekday in the summer) which made for a less than ideal experience during the two shows. The two shows were interesting and enjoyable enough, but there really isn't anything else in the building to keep you occupied for long. I thought the first show "Continuum" was a very unique experience. I wish that the aforementioned camp children hadn't stampeded in and quickly taken all available bean bags, leaving my hubs and I having to sit on the adirondack chair which weren't nearly as comfy. While the concept was unique and overall enjoyable, the graphics are rather weak and the accompanying music is played at an uncomfortable level for the duration of the show. Please do not bring your little ones hear and damage their hearing!
3	The Planetarium is an interesting and relatively-new attraction that can be a fun addition to your trip in this area of Montreal (Botanical Gardens, Biodome... etc). There are two shows to attend.Both shows, "Continuum" and "From Earth to the Stars" last about 30 minutes each and in between both shows there are a few expositions to keep you busy. I didn't find them overly interesting, so I waited in line and chatted.The first show "Continuum" was by far my favorite where you get to sink into a comfortable bean bag and watch an immersion show up above you. The first 15 minutes of the show was absolutely fantastic!The other show  "From Earth to the Stars" is intended to be more informative and educational where the narrator teaches practical knowledge of how to identify constellations in the night sky and explains certain scientific facts about objects of the universe. there were several problems with this, firstly, I missed my bean bag as the chairs were stiff and half the presentation was over my shoulder. Secondary, the french accent of the narrator was extremely thick and my friend couldn't understand him, as a Montrealer it was difficult for me as well. Lastly, their projector broke down not once but twice during the presentation.Furthermore, plan your visit accordingly, there are A LOT of children about.
2	Arg, it pains me so much to give 2 stars, honestly. As a child I remember going to the Planetarium and being dazzled by it all. But it closed, and 10 years later, here it is, again, sponsored by a steel giant. I was very enthusiastic. Space! Joy!The layout is very awkward. To my surprise, very little is exhibited, a couple of meteorites, a half-hidden telescope.. The planetarium wants to attract children, and only children. The displays are touch screens, interactive games etc.. The displays are incredibly bright and become hard on the eyes  after a while. Another unpleasant thing is the focus of the place: life in space. That, coupled with the kid-friendly tone of the exhibit makes for a grating experience as an adult. You can learn to name planets, see them in space, retrace the timeline of the Earth, what water  is made out of, and are asked ad infinitum "IS THERE LIFE IN SPACE?" but nothing gets in depth ever. No Big Bang Theory, no up-to-date feed on the Mars rover, what is a nebula? Where is our very own Commander Hadfield? Julie Payette? Whatever.The architects banked on both the immersive cinemas which mimic the night sky and space itself. The projections are booked at certain times, and you should either buy tickets online, or come a full hour before your desired projection time. The first presentation "Continuum" is stellar, you lounge around, while space opens up around you, to the sound of classical music. Epic. The second is alright: your guide introduces you to constellations, and then the space surrounding the Earth. I could have enjoyed myself if two teenaged airheads next to me hadn't decided otherwise.You can easily skip this. I think Continuum is worth seeing, but the entry price is too steep for that alone. If ever you crave space-stuff, and are on the American West Coast, go to the Griffith Observatory.
2	A disappointing way to spend a Saturday. I *love* science and space and was prepared to really enjoy myself. Sadly, the only part I can recommend is the "From Earth to the Stars" interpreted show. Tip: Be sure to buy your tickets online in advance. We thought it would be easy to fill a 2-hour wait in a museum before the show started. Not so, my friends. Not so. (Not to mention the 40-minute wait in between shows).A museum should have things to do and learn. Sadly, the planetarium had neither. For example, how about some information about how stars form? About our solar system? About the galaxy? About where we are in the universe? Go to the Biodome instead.
4	The bean bags in the first show were a great touch and the narrator of the second show, Simon, was very funny and entertaining.  I would have liked a more educational and scientific presentation, but overall I enjoyed my experience.
