5	Finally found this place, and none too soon.  After getting bad service and paying too much for it at Woody's, I was glad to get back to the type of place my dad taught me to use.King is a busy, dirty place.  It has an uncomfortable waiting area, and you wouldn't want to sit on the couch unless you're wearing your utility clothes.But they seem to know what they're doing.  This is the type of place you'll want to go to if you know a bit about cars and just need an honest mechanic to do what you know needs to be done at a good price.For example, I recently had to get new brake pads and rotors on all four wheels (Woody's F'd this up on a prior occasion, and though they charged me for new rotors, it appeared as if they just resurfaced my old ones).  I got all the parts (rotors and pads) at Auto Zone and had king put them in.  Johnny quoted me a price for labor and when I picked up the car the bill was exactly what he told me it would be.  He also noticed that my rack and pinion assembly had blown a seal, and that made sense given other recent issues, so I knew he wasn't hosing me.  In the end, I had him install a new rack and pinion (which I got from Auto Zone, natch), which he did at a very, very reasonable rate.So check this place out.  It ain't a pretty location, but they sure get the job done.
5	went here today for the first time after reading other reviews...they were inexpensive and quick. Definitely will be returning!
5	I have been going to Johnny regularly for 3 years.  As the previous reviewer said, there is no BS with Johnny.  Great place to get regular oil changes, tires and basic work done on your car.  I have hunted and tried a LOT of garages in Charlotte (over 10) and this one is by far the best.  Before, I always felt like I was getting ripped off or taken advantage of as a woman, but none of that here.  Countless friends have also gone to King Auto and have been blown away by how affordable it is.
5	Apparently, I like King Auto Repair more than dealing with signing into Yelp- so that's a pretty good start for K.A.R. (clever!).My brakes on a Ford F150 1999 was making grinding sounds from the wheels. I took it in, and Johnny on the spot noticed the wear in the pads, and replaced them all. We were going to reschedule for the next day, but when Johnny realized I pull a large coffee trailer with the truck during the day, he scheduled me in immediately, and I was out of there in less than 45 minutes.Really great service. He even wants me to come back in 1-2 months to see how the brake caliber is working out; he thinks he fixed it (for free) but wants to be sure.Thanks!edit: typo
5	I had a great experience at King's Auto.  I needed to have my oil changed and a tune up. I thought I needed my transmission fluid replaced also (~$300+ job).Johnny firs told me he would check if it needed 1/2 or full change.  then called me and explained it didn't need to be changed at all.  He easily could have done nothing and charged me the $160 for the Transmission change but was honest.  I would definitely come back here again, and recommend if you are looking for an honest opinion!
5	This place is great! The guy that runs the place is not only unbelievably affable, he is the most transparent and fair auto repair shop owner that I've ever encountered outside of immediate family. Really, I can't laud his praises enough. Best place to get your car serviced.
5	First time I visited Johnny and his staff my Maxima was in desperate need of repair and funds were tight. Johnny repaired my alternator and informed me that I would soon need a battery. So I brushed it off and not a month later my battery fried. #deadSecond time around I noticed a loudly embarrassing scraping noise which I expected to be my breaks. Indeed it was the breaks but Johnny again informed me that I needed a wheel Barron, Rotors and pads. Once again I ordered the parts and had them replaced. During that visit Johnny informed me that it was a matter of time before I needed a lower control arm. Steering rack. Power steering pump and power steering hose. I was like Johnny Please!! No more bad news!! But slowly and very surely I had them replaced. Less than $1000.00 total in labor cost for all visits There are two morals of this story: (1)think long and hard before buying a used car and (2)if you do please take it to King Auto and let Johnny and his staff take care of you.
1	Called to get a quote on brakes and was quoted a reasonable price however ;when asked which brakes were having issues I advised Johnny that I was almost certain that it was the front brakes but I wanted him to check before I purchased them. He had a attitude like I was bothering him &said he cnt do any work on my car but he couldn't give me a reason as to why. He is very unprofessional and is in the wrong field if he does not like to answer questions. I would ratherpay more $ and be treated like a human being than pay less to be talked down too. I will not recommend his services to others.
2	I've been here a few times because he is right beside my house.  Whenever I have gone and the owner wasn't there, the experience was great.  The guys who work there are knowledgeable and honest. and give prices that aren't bad.  However, when I have dealt with the owner it has been the same thing every time. He is always trying to convince me to do things that don't need to be done.  The first instance was him saying I needed new tires, shocks, and struts.  I had just bought this car used about 2 months prior.  Before I purchased I brought it here to have the guys look it over.  The owner was not there at the time.  The guys were great they looked at everything and said it was fine and didn't even charge me. Then when I got back 2 months later and the owner was there suddenly the shocks weren't "safe to drive on."   To be safe I did take it to another mechanic I had used in Belmont who said they were as worn as you would expect a car that age to be, and he wouldn't change them for maybe 150000 miles.  The second problem was his insistence about oil changes.  I follow my manufacturer's recommendation.  When I went in today he said he would "let it slide, but if I kept going over my sticker (which was 3000 miles) he might have to charge me more"  I told him I would keep following what the engineers who designed the car said to do.  After finishing he tried to convince me that the oil he used is worthless after 3000 miles.  This sounded like BS to me so I went to Mobile 1's website and found the oil he used.  According to the maker of the oil the life is up to 15000 miles not 3000.  So he was either wrong by a factor of 5 or lying by a factor of 5.  Not to mention a simple oil change was 35 dollars.  It is like you are getting the service of a cheap hole in the wall mechanic who tries to swindle you with out even getting any of the cheap prices.   Close or not I am personally never going back here.  I would encourage anyone who is taking his word that he is helping you out or not charging you for something you don't need.  Get a second opinion.  He will try to make you do uneeded and expensive services.  That is unless you find out which days the owner isn't working and go in then.  The guys who work there are awesome. I really wish they owned it.
4	Decided to stop in after being referred by a few guys from AutoZone. I badly needed mounts (motor and trans axle) replaced. I ordered the parts at AutoZone and I just needed the labor done. Not really a lot of parking but I made due. The owner, Johnny, wasn't super nice and just seemed to be a man of few words. He told me it would be a 3-4 hour wait since he had other cars ahead and there was only 1 mechanic available. I needed my car that day so I told him I'll just wait. The lobby is a hot ass mess. Old furniture, dusty, no wi-fi, no TV (well, technically a huge old school one but wasn't on or was broken) and a fan on a table. I always go to Pep Boys or my Dad's house so by comparison I was not impressed. After waiting about 10 minutes Johnny told me he would move my car ahead of the rest since the other cars' pickup times were much later. That was an awesome gesture! I arrived at approx 9:20am with no appointment and was in my Mazda by 10:45am. The labor costs were extremely reasonable and I no longer had a shaky, loud sounding vehicle. This is definitely not a fancy place- no public bathroom, awful lobby, no digital printed receipt (you just get the old school written one), and the other amenities that a larger company may offer but they were very reasonably priced and didn't attempt awkward small talk about my car so I will definitely be returning.
4	I went to get a turn light bulb replaced. Price was great. Service was fast and pleasant. I'm new to Charlotte so it was helpful to read other comments about this place. The comments about the waiting room are completely accurate.
5	Took my old car here and now take my new car here.  The mechanics do great work and the prices are reasonable. Johnny is an honest guy and I'll recommend this place to anyone.  I just had my front brakes changed for half the price of the cheapest quote by coming here. Come here if you like to save money and get quality work.
