5	Absolutely love this place! Amazing food... heard the chef has quite a cult following.... and we could taste why. Great place for lunch in North Scottsdale. The owner actually gave us a little rock history behind some of the collector's rock artwork hanging on the walls. The decor was very funky yet intimate and the menu was the most creative I've seen in a long time. Excellent music on the whole time. A nice change of pace from your typical stuffy winebar. Actually carried a lot of light-bodied reds which can be hard to find by the glass at restaurants. I feel like at this place... you don't have to choose between good food and good wine. It has both.
2	My wife and I had dinner here in April, soon after they opened (I'll cut them a little slack as a result). The atmosphere was nice, kind of funky with some creative touches. The outdoor porch was not yet finished so we ate inside. The first thing that struck us was there was no music. With a name like Rhythm and Wine we expected some vibes, even if only some great piped in music. The art on the walls of musicians, without any music, simply didn't cut it. The next disappointment was the wine, the other part of the restaurant's name. I ordered a glass of Cabernet and it came to the table chilled. I called our waiter over and asked why they served my wine chilled and he told us all their wines were cooled to the same temperature, as the storage area did not have the ability to separately control reds and whites??? Needless to say we sent the wine back. Soon after, we noticed our waiter talking to several other servers and presumably the owner, who subsequently came over to our table to explain that  "reds should be cooled to 65 degrees and whites to 55 degrees" and they thought they would just average the two and serve them all at 60 degrees. After setting her straight we were told by our waiter (recently moved to AZ from Chicago) that we were right. When we received our bill we were told the contractors would be back in the morning to address the issue. The food was OK but over priced in our estimation. I later learned the owners also run Jalapeno Inferno, which is one of our favorite restaurants. I guess this goes to show that one successful restaurant does not guarantee another. Please hire someone who knows wine! We will try it again to see if the contractor solved the problem.
4	My husband and I visited this restaurant for the first time this week.  Randy L. will be glad to know they now have music and even a live act on Saturday night.They have wine flights (which I enjoyed one the white selection) and their wine prices are reasonable and their list is very interesting.My husband had the poached Halibut which was very tasty while I ordered the Napa Nicoise Salad.  I really liked my salad, the seared ahi was perfectly cooked and very good quality.My only complaint was the service.  Our waiter was not very friendly while the owner made sure to stop by our table and asked about our food.  It's pet peeve when a waiter asks if you will have dessert, you say no, and he brings the check.  Dude, how did you know we weren't going to order more wine (make the tab higher and therefore,  tip you more).  We'll be back again but hopefully won't get the same waiter.
4	I had the Fish and Chips special today. Loved the Fish but despised the shoe string potatoes. They are simply too hard to eat. Darn little things are hard to grab and dip and don't try eating them with a fork! Fish coating was crispy and the white cod was very fresh. Change the fries and I'm good to go! I had originally given the restaurant 3 stars but increased it to 4 start because the wait service and great attitude of the staff made it a very enjoyable experience. Lynnae was really great! I will be back!
5	Absolutely LOVED this place. Great food (gotta try the French Onion Soup Dumplings), great service, great atmosphere. There are rare rock n roll pieces of art and photography hanging on the walls... and they're for sale. The owner, Terry, knows the historical story behind each photograph of favorites like Grace Slick, Clapton, Hendrix, Lennon, etc. Also, there is excellent music on the whole time and the patio is MASSIVE. They have music there on the weekends... I saw a talented local band called Tramps and Thieves. The food is high-scale but the prices don't reflect it. Both unique culinary pairings and classic items. There are also cool little decorations everywhere. Definitely going back.
4	Came to this place for a nice lunch and some wine. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the place with music memorabilia on the walls, upside down lamps, and some nice music playing. They even have a nice patio area to sit and enjoy a smoke while you enjoy a meal or a nice glass of wine. They have a nice selection of wine to choose from, and at 11am  - 4pm Monday - Friday you get half off any glass of wine. They have a nice selection of meals to choose from, like sandwiches, pasta, fish, pizza's, etc. I decided to get a pizza called The Doors Light My Fire (with chorizo, pepperjack cheese, and red and green jalapenos) for lunch and my GF got the Waylons BBQ Chicken pizza (with grilled chicken, BBQ sause, red onions and cilantro). Both pizza's were very delicious!
4	The missus and I ventured to Rhythm & Wine last night in search of pals. We learned they had left about 10 minutes sooner, so instead, we sat down and had some scrumcious wine and a small bite. My wife loved the salmon and the salad, and I just dug on the sliders in a tasty way. The vibe was good, light classic rock aired overhead and the wine slipped in nicely on a Thursday night. And we got to meet owner Terry! Cool!
4	Yummy!! I was a big fan of the dumplings. The mac and cheese was thick, cheesy and very filling; the side could be a meal. Very good. Apparently they have half of bottle of wine on Wednesday's. Live music on Friday and Saturday's. We'll definitely be going again.
5	R&W was a very pleasant surprise for lunch.  We had a local dines coupon and decided to try it.  The atmosphere was great.   Classic rock playing in the background while we sat on the patio sipping our $5 a glass wine on a beautiful 75 degree afternoon.  After perusing the menu we decided to try the French Onion Soup Dumplings from the small plates menu along with fish and chips and a salad from the lunch menu.The dumplings were amazing.  Filled with wonderful onions cooked in soup and covered in chewy, stringy cheese.  These little gems were worth every artery clogging bite.  Even my wife, who rarely will eat something this sinful, couldn't stop eating these.  The fish had a nice and crispy golden batter that was not greasy.  Very fresh white fish that was nice and mild.  The homemade tarter sauce was also very good.  Chips are really fried potato shreds.  Not traditional, but tasted good.  The service was also prompt and courteous.  It's also nice not to get a bit of a cross eyed look when you use a coupon.  It was graciously accepted.  When you have confidence in your restaurant having the opportunity to gain a new customer through a coupon is a great way to increase the traffic from local customers that will keep you going during the off season.We'll be back for sure.  We go to Jalapeno's Inferno fairly often as it is our favorite Mexican food in the North Valley. These folks own Jalapeno's as well which tells me they have it "going on"!
5	I've been here twice for Happy Hour and have loved it both times! The half-off appetizers allowed us to order a nice variety and sample a lot.  We ordered the French Onion Dumpling (amazing), the cheese board (we went with our servers 3 suggestions and he was spot -on), bruschetta (3 types - all delicious), the brie in puffed pastry (hands down, my favorite) and the shrimp diablo which is one of their specialties.  It had a nice kick to it and we found ourselves sopping up every bit of the delicious sauce with the French bread that came with it. Yum...We had a couple glasses of wine each and didn't have room for the fondue dessert that we all shared at our last visit. Next time... :)By the time we left at 7:30 every table and chair  was filled.  Was nice to see.  Even the bar and the patio was filled with people enjoying themselves.We'll definitely have to work this into our Happy Hour rotation more often.  Loved it.  We'll be back soon.
5	The best "neighborhood restaurant" in the neighborhood.  Great food....service...drink....everything.
5	My husband and I visited for something "different" for our first anniversary. The owner was lovely and granted my possibly odd request to fondue our now defrosted wedding cake for dessert. Everything we tasted was spectacular from the unique bruchettas (loved the fig, apple and brie one!) all the way through to our fondue dessert.  I had a white pizza that was perfect and my husband had the chophouse fillet and didn't leave a bite behind.There was a guy playing acoustic guitar on the patio and when he played both some Jayhawks and then Ryan Adams, I almost fell in love. Our server was personable and charming without being intrusive, the ambiance was lovely - I really liked the slightly funky decor and the art collection is something to marvel at. My only complaint is that this is so far from where we live. None the less, we will be back!
3	A nice patio location, but a rather limited selection of wines by the glass for a wine bar.  It also seems odd to me whenever a wine bar doesn't keep their red wines in a wine cooler, as just about all of the reds that we've tried here would have greatly benefited from such a practice.  On a positive note, Rhythm & Wine is one of the few wine bars to offer a Gruner Veltliner by the bottle (if you've never tried this varietal, it's a great summer white), however, they do not keep any chilled on hand so it will be a bit of a wait once you order as they will need to chill the bottle.  We've had a few of their pizzas which have good flavor, but are a bit oily and heaped with cheese for our liking and the hummus is also good.  When sitting at the bar, the service is generally fairly prompt, but the times that we've sat at the patio and been at the mercy of the owner's daughters to wait on us, the service has been slow to say the least.  In fact, one time, the owner himself actually seated us and then stood around as we waited at least 15 minutes for one of his daughters to make it over to our table so that we could order our wine (which then needed to be chilled as there was none already in the cooler). While you can certainly find better wine bars, in general, Rhythm & Wine is a decent place to stop in at if you're in the neighborhood.
4	My wife and I found this place by accident and decided to give it a try; glad we did. The menu is refreshingly different. We had a Brussel sprout salad with dried cherries and marconi almonds in a sweet vinaigrette dressing.  The Brussel sprout leaves were individual plucked and made into a bed for the topping; delicious We followed the salad with a wonderful aromatic, taste bud tantalizing, pizza with almond slices, tomatoes, roasted garlic cloves, Irish cheese, topped with goat cheese, on a thin crust.  You can order wine by the bottle, glass, or by selected tasting trays; three small glasses of various wine selections arranged on a attractive wood trayThe prices were fair, the food excellent, and the service good.  The atmosphere was low lighting and inviting.  I'm definitely going back for more. One of the best date night restaurants we have both enjoyed in some time
3	It was fine, the food was a little over priced and the music was blah. Should have been a little more Jazzy not so much a james taylor that had too many beers. All n all it was alright, would'nt go back in a hurry.
1	I must have serious bad luck because my experience was far from 4 stars.Staff was cold, unfriendly and inattentive. The prosecco, red wine and Bordeaux Baked Brie were awful.Maybe I should give it another chance, but I doubt I'll be able to work up the motivation (unless someone dragged me there, hint hint).
3	So for those of us working our way through a bad economy, of course dinning out has become a little bit less of a priority in the budget.  I pulled a great coupon for this restaurant from Living Social. Not far from my home and if "wine" is in the name of the place, I'm sure to give it a try.So, here goes....Nice area of North Scottsdale,  this restaurant is in a strip mall that maintains a "higher" level of tenant than most strip malls.  Of course you've got the feeling you are in North Scottsdale, but this place works hard to have that "neighborhood feel."As you enter into the inner sanctum, you are greeted immediately by the hostess.  I LIKE that!  Good start.  The place is hoppin' and it's a Friday night in the worst heat of the summer, so they obviously they maintain a good and faithful clientele.  Beautifully appointed ambiance.  Their decorator did a great job.  Tables give ample room and chairs are comfortable. The place is small and tight but you don't feel squished because of the size of your table and chairs.  We were seated against a wall and didn't have that "pushed to the side feeling."Our waitress Brandy is on the ball and is to our table immediately with explanations of the nights specials and wine specials. Sharp and attentive young woman.  This place has a huge wine storage that is displayed through glass as a main feature wall in the restaurant.  So, one draws the assumption from the name and from the display that they know wine and are serious about it. Interestingly, the wine menu, though massive has no explanation of the wines they offer accept that the wines are broken into very general categories.  Light White, Mild body, Medium White, Medium body, etc.  Mildest to Boldest. No other explanation.Let me just say on this point, although I am no sommelier, I do know enough to know that a wine from France, Italy, California and Oregon are going to have vastly different flavors than just a general category; i.e., it's a  "bold red."  When I asked the waitress about explanations for labels I had never tried or heard of and suggested further explanation in their "wine Bible" she became a little defensive  and explained how the list worked.  In other words, she really didn't know wine, but could tell me that the most expensive items on the list were the "favored items."  Hmmm.... a wine motivated establishment that doesn't train their staff in wine?  Onward to the meal.We ordered a Caesar salad pre-meal. Almost no flavor of the dressing,  LOTS of white pepper that left a sting in the mouth.The special was a skewer of Jumbo Shrimp (grilled with veggies) an 8 oz filet accompanied by veggies and buttermilk mashed potato's. The shrimp was fine. Nothing to write home about, but good presentation.  The steak was served onto up a huge amount of sweet demi-glaze ( this was not stated in the explanation of the meal) so you got a lot of sauce that didn't exactly have much flavor. The meat, was very tender and cooked perfectly, but had no flavor.  The veggies on the side were great!  The best part of the meal was the mashed potatoes. It's not that this place is bad, it's just for the price point, you can do much better with your hard earned money.  The service of the staff was excellent which that alone would make me go back and try it one more time.
2	This is our third time here and not much change from our first visit. Service was ok this time, previous 2 visits were bad. The problem this time was not our server, but the fact that she was overloaded with tables. Clearly understaffed. What puzzles me the most is that the same owners operate Jalapeno Inferno which is one of our favorite Mexican restaurants. They have great food, good prices and excellent service. They always are staffed to meet demand. I saw the owner more often than our server because she was so busy.The Food: The food is good, but not great. We had the cheese plate appetizer which had more bread than cheese. For $15 all we got were three tiny pieces of cheese. Best cheese plate in town is at Sassi ($10). This one was a joke. It should have been called a bread plate. Speaking of bread, I saw bread brought to all the other tables but ours. This was before we got our Bread (Cheese) plate. I guess we were invisible. Drinks: Wine prices are very overpriced. I think that the owner is trying to make this an upscale place, but it is not. It is casual dining and the drinks should be priced accordingly. Their wine prices are higher than the high-end restaurants we visit. The staff are not wine experts either.The only reason we came again is because we had a discount coupon. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you have a coupon also. If you want to have a reasonable bill, pass on the wine too.
5	I took my wife here on her Birthday Last week and had a great time.  We started with a bottle of sparkling wine, then split some ahi tuna.  The tuna was okay, I personally prefer the White Chocolate Grill for that appetizer.  I had the pork tenderloin.  This was the best tasting I have had in Phoenix.  My wife had the chicken Marsala, it was flavorful and she liked it. The only issue was that the chicken was a very thick breast and she was expecting some thinner...Regardless, it was good.  the desert medley was way more than we could eat, but it was delicious.
5	Our new favorite go-to-feel-good restaurant!  We love this place.  Tried it for Happy Hour and were blown away by the French Onion Dumplings and the Baked Brie, followed by the pork roast that we shared.  So we went back the next week with our hubbies who raved about the Fish & Chips.  The pastas and chicken dishes are fantastic too.  I'm convinced there is nothing bad on the menu.And the service both times was attentive and better yet - fun.  Definitely made our time even more enjoyable.
2	When it open a few years back, I was so excited to have this place near my home.  I went a couple of times back then and haven't been back until this past Friday.  I had a mom's night out from the other parenting group I belong to, so I decided to just go and catch up with the ladies I have not seen in a while.  Our server was ok, not very attentive, or perceptive.  I ordered a glass of Prosecco and the spicy shrimp appetizer.  The shrimp was really spicy and not in a really good way.  More like just hot sauce spicy, good  thing I had the Prosecco and a glass of water, however once my water was gone, the glass sat empty for the rest of the night.  I am glad I don't have to come back.
4	Recently ate at R&W. I liked the interior and I really likely the fact that they owners were pitching in and checking in with the patrons. The wine selection was very good.I liked the food menu overall but I feel they need to arrive and what it is they want to be and this is where I feel there needs improvement. I really wanted to have the sliders but I don't like sliders on Onion Buns. Now I like onions as much as the next person but not in my bread and as an intergal part of the meal. Morton's serves onion bread and I really like it but they don't serve onion bread steak... We ended up ordering a pizza and a salad, both of which were good. Music was marginal, early 70's CSN&Y etc., but I understand that for dinner, you probably don't want or need Van Halen.So I would try it again. The fact that the owners are so invested in the restaurants success impresses me. The wine selection is very good. The food is good. The menu needs some work as in Croque Monsieur (it would be interesting to know how many times this is ordered for dinner, lunch sure, dinner ???)Based on the owners efforts and the food execution, I am going to give it a 4 formally but a 3.5 if I could score it that way.PS.... I thought the waiter was somewhat smug as opposed to genuinely nice. This should be improved.PSS... We will try it again.
4	Interesting menu.  We had the hummus appetizer which came with warm wedges of pita, a roasted tomato salsa, tzatzeki sauce, as well as the hummus which was very good.  Then a salad made with Brussels sprout leaves and almonds which was a new and yummy taste for us in a salad.  We shared the tortellini with a rich pesto.  I had a "Comfortably Numb" cocktail, a very alcohol rich take on a margarita which was excellent.  The bar is intermingled with the dining areas including an outdoor area.  This made for mild discomfort initially when we're seated along a traffic aisle next to the bar but the owner was there and stepped in to help with our service there.  A great place to dine if you like some unique takes on traditional food selections and appeared to be a great place for " Happy Hour".
5	Just had dinner here tonight. Loved the atmosphere. Service was outstanding.  We had the Brussels  sprout salad and salmon. Very good and portions were perfect. Nice wine selection. We'll be back!
4	My boyfriend and I love trying out new restaurants for our weekly date nights, and I stumbled across Rhythm and wine in a serch on my iphone map app! Thank God I did! We loved this place. It is very small and quaint with a small dining room (a bar and about 10 or more tables) and a beautiful patio (another 10 tables). I loved the fact that there were separate bathrooms for the patio diners! They have a great wine selection with descriptions of the regions for most of the wine (a little too much for my amateur tastes) but quite refreshing to know the time they put into their wines. We started with a bruchetta trio which was delicious. We chose a traditional mozzarella and tomato, a gorgonzola and filet with caramelized onions, and a proscuitto and another kind of cheese spread all on toasted bread. Absolutely wonderful. We also told our waitress it was our first time there and she brought out a meatball. A delicious blend of beef, pork and lamb I believe smothered in marinara sauce. We were sold. For our entrees, I had a sake marinated salmon filet with asian veggies. The marinade was sweet and a little overpowering, but still great. My boyfriend had the garlic stuffed fliet mignon with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. The filet was very thick and cooked perfectly. (wanted MedRare, asked for it Med, got a perfect MedRare prep). We shared the chocolate fondue for dessert. Overall, it was a nice quiet evening and we loved our wine, and our food. On wednesdays they offer half priced bottles of wine and beetles music all night! They also have a jazz brunch which we will definitely be trying out soon!
5	Distinctive food prepared with care and presented well.  Great place for meeting and talking as the good music really is background sound.  What I like most is the  nice staff.  I visited on a Sunday night with a Local Dines coupon and was made to feel welcome.  I will return.
1	Glad there is such a venue as YELP.  If there was a category that was LESS than one star they would have gotten it tonight.1.  The bartender is an arrogant, pompous, jerk sort of a guy.  Of all the bartenders I have met, he is a stand out for being the least personable I have come across in the valley.2.  The room was incredibly loud...as it is all hard surfaces and not anything to absorb the noise.  We heard every word from the table(s) around us.3.  My wife and I both ordered burgers.  When they arrived, we both smelled something that didn;t begin to pass our smell test.  Something was either burned or rancid.  My burger...ordered medium plus, came like a burned hockey puck.  My wife ordered hers rare, and it was torched as well.4.  Both buns...on both burgers... stale and inedible.  The manager explained that due to the low humidity all bread items dry out.  BS.  This was stale in the true sense of the word.5.  Our server was attentive and pleasant.6.  The manager did ask how things were...and because we were with another couple, we were reluctant to tell her what a crappy plate of food they served.7.  We opted for caesar salad instead of fries...and the salad was WARM.  Obviously the chef put the lettuce on the plate...and then put the plate under the lights...and thus explains the warm salad.We have been to this restaurant before and tonight was our last visit EVER.  So sorry to admit...but we will never go back.  Obviously the chef is a hack and had to be a drop out of the culinary school.Awful.Don;t go.
3	Went with neighbors for dinner/wine at 6:30 PM on a Thursday night. We were seated right away at a table of 9. Pace was fine. Lots of variety but made me think "what do they do well?".  Folks who had been there before suggested pizza or  brussels sprouts salad.  I had a Caesar Salad with chicken. It was on the small side and just OK. This nite had a promotion of half priced bottle of wine with purchase of an entree making it a reasonably priced meal. Agree with others ... It's load in the restaurant. We will return.
5	Absolutely love this place, my husband and I have been here about three times and every time we have gone away happy. The first time we came we just wanted to try a few apps and a couple of glasses of wine. We ate the baked Brie cheese which was really good and then we split the fish and chips, which were just average. The second time we ordered the tortellini, it was really good and my husband ordered the chicken Marsala, which he loved. The third time we went we tried the chimichurii flat iron steak, which rocked! And my husband had the pan roasted chicken, he said it was good. Each time we have gone back the food has amazed us, as well as the service. The staff is so friendly and very knowledgeable. I am so happy they are so close to us. Can't wait to try them out during the nice seasons where they have live music on the patio. Love, love this place.
3	We went here recently for dinner, and the first thing I noticed was the ambiance. We sat on the patio and enjoyed a very nice view of the sunset. They turned on the fire and the heaters and it was excellent. I love all the neat lights they have outside. The service was very friendly and quick. We got the baked brie appetizer and it was pretty good, but I don't think it had the "cherry apple chutney" mentioned on the menu. There were some grapes on the side? It was a little bit of a let down. I ordered Terry's Tuna Steak , and was not impressed. It seemed kind of dry and not really rare. The flavors were good, I just wasn't blown away. Next time I'll try something different. For dessert, we had the white chocolate banana cream pie, which was awesome! One piece was enough to split between 2 people.
4	I have only been to Rhythm and Wine 1x but it was a good experience overall. I liked the patio and the service was outstanding. The food was average.
5	Awesome restaurant and staff.  Great food.
5	Best bar food I have had in Scottsdale. Head and shoulders above the rest
4	Nice wine bar with outdoor seating. A good selection of wines along w good wine flights. A nice neighborhood wine bar!
2	Just dropped in on a rainy day for dessert. I ordered the fondue... :/. The chocolate was good, but the food to dip in it was sub par. Graham crackers, strawberries, apple slices, marshmallows, and dry pound cake. Very meh. The decor was strange. I liked the upside down lamps and Beatles pictures, but the whole look of the place was not cohesive. The bartenders were very friendly. The french onion dumplings were actually very good.
4	We tried to dine at this place a couple of months ago, and when told the hostess we didn't have a reservation, she kind of gave us "a look" - you know the kind! Like, how dare we even THINK of just walking and EXPECT to get seated. Can you say "Snotsdale"??? Well, we decided to go back...reservations made even though it was mid-week. We were so glad we gave it another go. First of all, the ambience is really cool - upscale feeling but sprinkled with humor. Upside down table lamps act as chandeliers - how fun is that???!!  And the name of many menu items is a great pairing of humor and song/artist, too. Great posters & artwork grace the walls; the wall colors are soothing. And, if a restaurant has "wine" in their name, you should expect to see their stash. Rhythm and Wine has a large glass wall displaying theirs. Nice.Although they have a very nice patio area, it was during one of our cold snaps so we opted to eat inside. We had a great view of the sunset which was a plus. We were seated just before happy hour ended but our server squeaked in our order so we were able to have one glass of wine at happy hour prices ($3 off). Speaking of wine, they have an extensive list, but also have a full bar if wine isn't your choice of an adult beverage.We split the "We go the Beet" salad - it was huge! More than two could eat. For entrees, we had the Chimichurri Marinated Flat Iron steak and Courtney Loves this Chicken pasta. The steak was sooo good and very flavorful. The chimichurri gave it a spice kick; it was perfectly prepared and beautifully presented. The pasta arrived in one of those neat slanted bowls. Again, pasta cooked perfectly and plenty of chicken that you didn't feel cheated.We are so glad we went back - it is definitely on our list to visit again.
3	In our "hood" and finally got to try it out.  As other reviewers mentioned, you really need reservations as it is a very popular spot in a somewhat less than popular location.  We were seated at the bar, which was just fine.  They were very busy and the food too a very long time to come, but the bartender did a great job keeping us posted on the status.  Food was good...a little salty, but good.Will make reservations next time.
4	I really like this place.  I loved the atmosphere, the wine, and the food.  The charcuterie plate was crazy good and big!!! Highly recommend for a place to wind down after a hard day.
2	I give this two stars, because my meal was very good (The flatiron steak dish), but service was pretty weak. While we waited for a table, we went to the bar and looked at their fun cocktail list...I ordered a Blueberry Mojito, which sounded good. The bartender started to make it and then told me she had to go in the kitchen to search for some mint....and came back saying that they were out of mint. Ok, not a big deal, but if you are going to have a cocktail list with signature cocktails, maybe you should stock the ingredients!When we were finally at our table and ordered, it took an hour and 45 minutes to get our food. We asked where our food was after 45 minutes, and they said, "well one of you ordered the Roast Chicken, and that takes longer." Making excuses. Red Flag. Ok fine. Another half hour goes by. Where's our food? Finally we get the manager to come who makes the exact same excuse about the chicken. There is no way that any menu item should take that long without a disclaimer on the menu or a warning from the waitress. Another 30 minutes go by. Hmm....maybe the chicken excuse is just that....an excuse. At this point I am so freaking hungry, that maybe the flatiron was so delicious, because I was completely starving. It's possible. They offered us free dessert, but we didn't want to hang out there any longer.
5	My husband and I love it here!  We go almost every week (sometimes more often).  The food is consistently good and the wine selection is great.  During the cooler months it is great to sit out on the patio when they're having live music.  It does get very busy on certain nights (we were just there last night, Friday, and it was packed) so we try to go mid-week or Sunday for happy hour.  They also do prix fixe menus every few months that are a blast!  You must make a reservation for these, as they close the restaurant for regular seating on these nights.
4	Rhythm and Wine is a fun little North Scottsdale gem with some really interesting fare.  I probably would've never heard of this restaurant, much less given it a try, if it weren't for seeing the $30 for $15 deal on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  There's a pretty flashy ambiance to the dining room.  Pictures of classic rock stars are pretty obvious decor for Rhythm and Wine's theme, but the upside down table lamps on the ceilings and walls add a really fun touch.  The menu offers up item named after rock bands, movie stars, and song titles.  The menu is also pretty extensive for a wine bar.We started with the french onion dumplings.  The menu says that you shouldn't leave without trying it.  The menu gave some solid advice.  What a cool take on french onion soup as an appetizer to share.  The onions were wrapped in a wonton shell, covered in gruyere cheese, and swimming in a small skillet of broth.  A very satisfying start to our meal.I had the "dixie chicks" marsala.  This may be one of the best chicken marsala dishes I've had from a non-italian restaurant.  The mushrooms and marsala wine sauce were the sweet stars of the dish.  My wife felt it was a little too sweet for an entree, but I am certainly not complaining.My wife had the chimichurri marinated flat iron steak.  The steak was cooked perfectly, but the chimichurri was way too unexpectedly hot for her.  I took a few bites and it didn't bother me, but I like spicy food.  She likes some spice, but it became too much for her to handle.  After wiping most of the chimichurri off the place, she ate most of the steak, but left nearly all of the covered vegetables.  Chimichurri is not typically spicy.  It would've been nice for the description on the menu to note that they make it that way.That dish aside, the atmosphere and well cooked food will certainly warrant another visit to Rhythm and WIne in the future.  Especially if it is still on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).
3	Nice place, used a Local Dines coupon. Bruschetta good not GREAT like Postinos. Very Slow and quiet the night we went.
5	I love this place. I love the happy hour. I love the wine. I love the decor--it's a little edgy and rock and roll. They have their 3rd Annual Nantucket shrimp menu available -- not sure for how long. Not being a meat eater, this was pleasing. I've had their pesto caesar salad, Pacific Rim Salmon and have had a couple of their bistro fries. The bistro fries are freshly homemade made-real thin and not greasy. They are amazeballs!!! This visit we sat at the bar for an hour before dinner and the bartender was super sweet. Definitely a place to visit in the North Scottsdale area.  It's the same owners of my other fav resturant (jalepeno inferno) FIVE stars!
5	Love this place.  We usually go on Friday nights...try to take advantage of their amazing happy hour prices.  The food and service are always great.  We always have these "Hippie Chips" - sliced fresh baked potatoes with some dipping sauce....such a lovely appetizer as you drink your wine or beer.  Their pork sliders are awesome as are their salads.  They have a nice variety of foods.  Try it out you won't be disappointed.
2	The Brown Ale was delicious, can't remember the name, but the alcohol is def. the best part about the place. But frankly put, this place was way overhyped. I went here for an office get-together and we ordered just about every appetizer and shared plates. Nothing stood out to me that would separate it from any other steak and fish place in the area.
5	Let me get this out of the way - I am not a wine person.  There, I said it.  So I can't say anything about the wine, but I can tell you the food was absolutely delicious, and the service was very good.  We went on a Wednesday night, so it wasn't too busy, but reading these reviews make it sound very snobbish, which I didn't feel at all.  The waitress was very nice and very attentive.  The manager (I guess?) came by more than once to clear plates/ ask if everything was OK.Atmosphere was nice, although the table next us was a little close, but hey, I'm not shy.The food.  Holy crap it was good.  I recommend the pork sliders, but you will DIE for the white chocolate banana cream pie.  Oh, and order the sweet potato fries, they are delicious and packed with Vitamin A!
4	Had a great dinner here with friends.  The ambience is very nice and the service is great.  Really enjoyed my hangar steak and shrimp and real mashed potatoes and the vino was superb!  Highly recommend for a nice evening.
3	Enjoyed a lovely dinner at RnW last night.  I expected it to be fun from the names of the menu items I previewed online---I like humor---and it was very popular!  We had to park waaay out!  Fortunately, our party of six had a reservation.  The ambiance is very cool and urban chic/hip and I loved the lighting installation when you first come in the door, with the lamps and strings of chains and beads.  Nice lighting, music pitched so you could comfortably converse, and I have tot tell you---some of the most comfy dining chairs my tushie has enjoyed in a while---which is good, as we were there almost three hours!Wine: I ordered the Meiomi Pinot Noir and it was excellent.  Very smooth and fruity with a lovely finish.  DH had the Sterling Merlot, which he was very familiar with and likes very much.  I am not sure what everyone else enjoyed, but one member of our party prefers a sweeter more mellow wine and she wasn't pleased with her original choice.  Our server gladly brought out small tastings until she found a tipple that was just right---I believe it was a zin.  That small attention is what makes a restaurant very good!I started with the Pesto Caesar salad, which was quite good, but nothing out of the box.  It was fresh and crisp and the plate was nicely chilled.  I think everyone in our party chose that as their starter, except for DH, who chose the Calistoga House Salad.  He was disappointed because there was a generous amount of goat cheese tossed thru it and felt they should have mentioned that on the description.  They did: sweetie, Chevre IS goat cheese.  Silly boy!  He should have traded with me---I love Chevre!The special that night was a surf and turf---I believe it was a marinated flat iron steak with shrimp.  Four of our party ordered that.  DH ordered the Chimichurri flat iron steak and I ordered the "Southern Man" Shrimp and Grits.   Everyone was very happy with their meals, as evidenced by the all the new members of the "clean plate club"!  My shrimp were very nicely seasoned and beautifully cooked.  As my food cooled, my grits did become a little glue-y, but that was because of the generous amount of parmesan that had been stirred through-out, and if I would eat more than I talked, it probably wouldn't have happened.  I was kind of disappointed to miss out on choosing between the zeppoles or brulee for dessert, but we were all so sated and happy!  (We had also discussed walking over to a nearby shop that purportedly offers some of the best gelato in Scottsdale, but the combo of full tummies and nippy air....  Next time!)It was a lovely meal in a handsome atmosphere and the service was excellent (and as usual, during the meal some of our party traded seats, a circumstance the waitstaff handled with aplomb as they were trying to serve us!) and DH said he saw at least three or four other menu items he would like to try on future visits.  Once it's a little warmer, I'd love to dine out on the patio, which was beautiful---or at least enjoy a cocktail or two!Now, if I could just get that Neil Young earworm out of my head.....
4	I love this place but always seem to forget about it. The rockin shrimp is an absolute must! The slider app actually makes a nice meal for the ladies. I love the salmon and my husband loves the chimichurri  skirt steak. Their happy hour is one of the best around!
5	Cool funky vibe decor. I had a burger which was perfectly cooked, and my girl had chicken and pasta with green beans which she liked. App was the artisan cheese platter, which we both enjoyed. Waitress was great. Kept our drinks full and was friendly.
5	My wife Jane and I have eaten here 3 times (lunch once and dinner twice) and not sure why I waited this long to yelp my take. We absolutely love everything about R&W! The food is plentiful, fair priced and delicious. If you like pizza, I recommend the Dean Martin. A friend we brought with us on our second trip had the Salmon and raved about it. Jane has tried 3 different items and loved them all.The decor is very interesting. Not sure I get the old lamps hanging from the ceiling, but Jane says their cool. Rock memorabilia is tastefully spaced and interesting. Wine club glasses over the bar are an interesting twist and we are now on their wine club, hopefully short,  waiting list (HINT HINT!).Finally to the service: it was excellent all 3 visits, but server Julee really raised the bar on the last one. Thanks Julee!!!!We will return!
1	My wife and I went there for the first and Last time.The service was horrible, if it wasn't for the hostess we would have sat another 15 minutes.So we had appetizers that were so over priced and not very good.The special onions that were nothing but a cheese log.The rockin shrimp was over cooked and tasteless.So our slow server comes back finally to ask if we wanted to eat ??? Really!!So at that time we cashed out and went to another restaurant.They say they play music , which you can't hear.Bad choice on our part.Save your money
4	Nice place to grab a drink on the patio or the bar to unwind from the day.  Nice atmosphere, nice staff and great happy hour specials!
4	Had lunch with my sister. It was buy one get one free Summer Fridays! Great Deal.....Green Chili Burger with mixed Sweet Potato and Regular Fries was great! Fish & Chips were great also. The only negative was the Green Chili Burger wasn't as hot as I like my burgers. It is a very nice, well decorated place and we will be back for sure.
4	Quick update-lunch with some friends.  I had the fish and chips.  Light, lovely batter and loved the mix of sweet potato and russet chips.  Housemade tartar sauce was very tasty.., almost as good as Frisch's tartar sauce!  Really liked the fruity ice tea and our server kept my glass topped.  She was a very good server.  A good experience yet again!
5	My wife and I moved to N Phoenix in late 2013. Discovered this gem 3-4 months later and have eaten here 5-6 times. Food items have been very good to awesome each time. Service has always been friendly and timely.Last night (Sat 8/16) the place was packed when we arrived around 6:30. Opted to sit at the bar, instead of the patio and glad we did. On the advice of another bar peep, I ordered a half rack of ribs that they had on special. Only mistake I made was not ordering the full rack. They were incredible and their homemade sauce was awesome. My wife had the chicken marsala and raved about it. Our server Kimberli (the bartender) was very attentive, which was amazing as the bar (10-12 seats) was full and she was making drinks for the dining area. Manager Tyler stopped by and introduced himself which was appreciated.Bottom line is we love this place. Neither of us will ever be called "foodies". We simply like good food at a fair price with friendly attentive service. Not much to ask for, but sadly lacking in way to many places. R&W has exceeded our expectations every time. We will return again and again.
3	Local place with just ok food, but fun atmosphere, good service, and when it's nice out, a lovely patio with live music. Hubby and I go there 1-2x's per month. Great happy hour specials.
5	Very good food!!!!! The chicken Marsala excellent and the flat iron steak the same. Good size plates. I recommend this restaurant!!!!
5	Used a Groupon to try this place for the first time. Very friendly staff. The food was very good. My wife said the spicy shrimp was so good that she wants to order that again next time we go there. The service was prompt. The restaurant had a nice ambiance.  Looking forward to our next visit.
4	This is me and my girlfriend's go to wine bar. Tried them out for the first time a few years ago and it's hard not to go back. The daily wine specials are great, the live music they have is awesome, the whole music theme itself is very refreshing for a wine bar, and the food is good also. My only gripes are the food menu could be expanded a little and the last few times we have gone there have been some incredibly loud drunk women at the bar talking and joking with the bartender and it seemed everyone around us (including us) were getting really annoyed. Not appropriate behavior for a wine bar, maybe a sports bar. Otherwise this place is great! I highly suggest coming during dusk and sitting on the patio while the sun goes down, beautiful! Keep up the good work guys!
1	Service needs improvement. Bartender was too busy serving guests to help her own table. The food took an abnormally time to come out while other tables continued to be served. My first glass of wine came from a bottle that was opened for too long. When I returned it after one sip they still charged me for it. The chicken I had came out cold and stale like it had been sitting there for hours. I recommend you stay away and try another place in the neighborhood.
2	I really REALLY wanted to like this place. There's 3-4 of us that go out every Friday afternoon for some drinks and apps. With more and more places closing or getting worse this place was close, looks nice and in general is not a totally bad place.We went a couple times and things were pretty good. Nice patio and good happy hour.  We went a week ago and my friend and i had our normal Long Island Ice Teas. Now, I've had them from Hawaii to NYC and when they're made right, they're refreshing and nice., When they're made bad...the WORST drink on Earth.One sip and we both gagged, looked at each other and did the Ug dance. I took them back to the guy and my friend played it safe with some scotch and I thought I'd try a margarita. DUMB MOVE Ron. The bartender kid said they didn't do a lot of cocktail biz so they had no Grande Marnier and he said they squeezed their own limes.Now, the margarita is the most popular drink in America so you'd think people could make it right - especially in Arizona. Not so. I knew the taste I was tasting but put my thoughts on hold. This time the food scored a 6 with the chips limp and greasy (actually dripping) and needed a replacement.We decided to give this one more try this last week. I made the same mistake of ordering a Rita. When i asked the waitress/bartender (after another bad drink) it turns out the kid last week wasn't even a bartender... AND YET HE'S MAKING A COMPLICATED LONG ISLAND? And... turns out my taste buds were correct.. they use Pope's lime - Not fresh. Pope's is the worst with that weird heavy aftertaste that is as fake a the lemon and lime juice you buy in the store in the plastic fruits.If you're going to run a place and invest the money and time, USE FRESH QUALITY INGREDIENTS.  I don't think i'm asking too much.So many places are cutting corners, lacking service, poor food...they must think the public will put up with anything to drink and eat out. NOT SO. Fill up your bar with some good stock, Make your own sour mix, teach your waiters NOT to be a bartender and get some consistent food coming out from the back. There's too many options when eating out to go to places that don't care enough.Again... just keeping it real.
2	A little disappointed in this place. One of those situations where all the little things add up to make an overall underwhelmed experience.First we were sat at our table outside on the patio there was dirty silverware on the floor under my chair. Easily overlooked but whoever cleaned up after the lunch shift should've caught it. And whoever opened for the dinner shift should've caught it as well.Then our waiter brings us waters... I ask for straws and dish of lemons. He brings us back straws holding them in a bar napkin so not to touch them which is nice. But when he gets to the table he sets the straws down directly on the table. Now I'm not saying the table was dirty but it is an outdoors table and I am saying it was not clean enough to eat off of. So again something small but annoying nevertheless. Then he brings the lemons in a bar napkin and set them on the table as well. this is a relatively decent joint well it's supposed to be, you would think he would've initially brought them on a bread plate or some sort of dish/ramekin as I asked him to initially. Next food. We order the mac & cheese as our waiter strongly recommends it. I thought it was not very good. I sent it back. The sauce had broke meaning that I did not come out as a rich creamy sauce it was basically penne pasta swimming in bath of oil. And again this is a small yet large thing.. The flavor profiles of the mac & cheese were good. The chorizo added a nice saltiness to it the jalapenos a nice spice the penne pasta was cooked well. But yet again either the sauce had broke or there was way too much chorizo either way it was not edible. Then we order and the bruschetta trio. Again three great ideas but execution lacking. The beef and blue cheese bruschetta is a great idea and had fantastic flavor but there were pieces of meat on it that were literally not cooked. And by not cooked I mean raw. They were raw uncooked pieces of meat on our bruschetta. Again another good concept terrible execution.Then our prosciutto asparagus bruschetta. There was two little slivers of asparagus. Prosciutto had some rainbow sheen going  on with it so not sure how Quality it was. Then they use cream cheese as the spread on the bread. I mean at least use a brie cheese. What is this your rendition  of bagels and lox with prosciutto? If it is cool but I think you could make it better. From ingredients to presentationThen to top it off must ask the waiter 10 times for my girlfriend to get a sample of sangria to see if she likes it he never brought it the entire time he forgot multiple things. Not only bad customer service there but also lessening the sales for himself and the entire establishment. If she liked it who knows maybe she would've order two, I was driving that would've been $18 added to the bill. Then they were out completely of red Zinfandel by the glass. How can you be a wine Bar and not have a glass of red Zin??? And there is more but this review is getting long.. I got to say is that they've got the makings for a good menu but between the incompetence we experienced from the front of the house (this could be isolated to our specific waiter I don't know as this is our first time ) and the lack of execution in the back of the house .....with so many other choices out there not a place that I would return to.
4	I went here because of the certified dog friendly patio but was pleasantly surprised about really well prepared food. I had the BBQ Salmon Salad. I don't know what kind of salmon they used but it sure tasted like Loch Duart. The fish was rich and creamy with rich flavor. This a very above average preparation of salmon. The salad underneath was nice and fresh tasting. I liked the fresh cut corn in the salad.My husband had the lunch meatloaf platter and swapped out the garlic mashed for the house made potato chips. Everything on his plate was seasoned well. The meatloaf was delicious but a little mushy in texture.Service was friendly and we were checked on often.This is a small restaurant with a stylish but funky decor. The outside (dog friendly) patio is  large. On this visit I didn't hear any rhythm from music nor did I indulge in wine but I did have a very nice lunch.
