5	What can I say.  They are honest mechanics I know it is a rarity!!!  I have had my car served numerous times from them.  Every time they have been upfront and honest about what needs to be fixed immediately and what can wait to be fixed.  What is also cool is that they will drop you off home and pick you up once your vehicle is ready!!  If you do drop off enough money on your repairs they do have your vehicle washed and cleaned for free.  Which is also cool is that they don't nickel and dime you to death.  For small things like broken light bulbs they replaced them for just the cost of the bulb.I would definitely recommend them to anyone who needs a repair.
4	Good service, reasonable prices.  I took my truck in for a basic oil change.  I received a call from the owner letting me know about a brake light that was out & asked if I wanted them to replace it.  The clerk was very nice and helpful.  I haven't been here enough to give them 5 stars, but they seem very promising.  I will be going back & avoiding the previous huge chain I used to go to.
1	This place came HIGHLY recommended by a friend of mine, and so when my car's brakes went all squishy, I took it in.   First, the good:  This place is sooo clean, the guys are all awesome, polite, knowledgeable and you just get a great sense of being in a respectable place.   The bad: One the way out the door, the mechanic that checked me in mentioned that it would be "Fifty bucks to check out the car, and we'll call you with a quote."The quote came in for almost $900, which was far more than I was able to pay.   When I got back to the shop to pick it up, I was charged $61.34. I questioned the difference between what I was told and what they charged me, and apparently it was $55 for the inspection, plus shop rags, plus tax.  I guess I should have seen this coming?   I have never been charged to look at the car.  And certainly not $62 for a ten minute inspection. I was in the market for a new mechanic, but this is NOT the one that I will be going with.  They were somewhat surprised that I would fuss at all about the $12 difference.  As if I should have expected a 30% markup from what they told me.  Not a great way to build a relationship.  If they had told me before they took my keys and information about the cost of the inspection, quite honestly, I would have taken my car somewhere else.Bottom line:  I think that if you know you are going to get work done, these guys look really top notch. But be prepared to pay for it.UPDATE:   I just finished repairing the car myself, and what these guys wanted to charge me $900 for, I was able to do myself for $140.  And that included buying a $20 set of drum brake tools, and a $25 Chilton's manual.  They told me that it would $130 JUST to bleed the brakes, which I did in about ten minutes with nothing but a pair of channel locks.   I am reducing my stars down from two stars to one, because they were OBVIOUSLY out to rip me off, not just charge me a premium for premium service.
4	Excellent service.  Had a concern with the products i purchased, but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out.   Friendly staff.
1	In response to the business owner's response, I'm not really buying it.  Being honest about the diagnosis of a car is only half the battle.  Being honest about pricing is just as important.  And these guys totally failed.Implying that technicians who charge less than them are somehow lower quality is just bullshit, plain and simple.They wanted to charge us more than $600 to put on new brake rotors and pads.  Retail for those parts?  About $150.  Hours it takes to swap them out?  One, or two, at the most.Naturally, when I called them and sounded like I actually knew what I was talking about, they knocked $150 off the price they offered my wife.  Still not good enough.  It was $300 cheaper to tow our car all the way to our trusted Mesa mechanic and have him do the work.Oh, and the inspection we used a Groupon for?  They charged us for services that i later found out were supposed to be part of the Groupon.  Going to call them today to try and get a refund for that $30 (?!)  tire rotation.Hate to rag on a local business, but the only way this could've gone worse would've been if they straight up lied about problems with the car.
5	I don't know much about cars but I do know that the people who work at Virginia Auto really care about their customers. Matt, especially, has gone above and beyond what was expected to help me out.Last week my car broke down on the side of the road in Austin, TX, and I had no one to help me. The road side assistance card I was given during my Groupon I had used a few months prior was expired and I had forgotten to get a new one. I called Matt and he stayed on the phone with me for over an hour trying to get a hold of someone to come and pick me up. He eventually found a truck to get me, free of charge, and then sent me the new road side assistance card the next day. He knew that I was living in Austin and would probably never bring my car back to his shop for repairs but he still did everything he could to help me out. Anyone who would do that for a customer will always get my business and I letting my friends in Phoenix know about his great shop. Thanks Matt! Keep up the great work.
5	I spent over $3000 on my car at this place since July. Why the 5 stars? Because I was not ripped off, everything was explained to me...step by step if needed (and I did need it - ha), nobody in this shop is a douchebag, the other customers are even nice, they don't try to rip off the ladies, they don't try to upsell me crap I don't need unless I ask if there's other crap I might need, and I'm pretty sure if I hadn't been out of town they would've let me seen the damage to my engine and walked me through the process if I'd asked so I could do my nerdy internet search on serpentine belts and motor mounts and all that other crap that was wrong.I knew they weren't effing with me because when I bought the car a few years ago the creepy dealership supposedly changed the motor mounts. When Virginia Auto Service identified a problem with (and subsequent damage as a result of) the motor mounts, I knew it was true, and I thought about that tug in my stomach I ignored when I bought the car that told me NOT TO BUY THE CAR OR TRUST THIS CREEPY CAR SALESMAN. Seriously, if you have a problem with something this shop tells you all you have to do is ask and see if they can work with you - find different parts, develop a plan to do repairs in steps...ask your grandpa to come in and hand them wrenches or wipe the sweat from their brow so you can have a discount as they diligently work to repair the vehicle you neglected and ignored for over 2 years knowing full well you were driving a heap. When they quoted me a price over the phone I said "THERE'S NO WAY I CAN PAY FOR THAT RIGHT NOW. THERE IS NO CHANCE I CAN PAY THAT" while my head was exploding and my face was melting (at work). I don't know if they want this advertised, but they let me leave my car there for over a month (closer to two months) while I made gradual payments and they did the repairs. My job sent me to BFE Texas and Virginia Auto Service just let me leave it there because it couldn't be driven. That's effing CLASS, folks.Because they are so awesome I tell everyone I know about this experience, I write positive reviews whenever I get the opportunity, and I will not be taking my crappy little car anywhere else.
1	Just thought I should update and mention that well over a year later, the $90 brake job held up just fine. I eventually sold the car, which had 300,000 miles on it, but the brakes never did become a problem again.  Though the owner claims that I couldn't have POSSIBLY fixed them for $90, it does appear that I most certainly did.  Well, me, my dad, Auto Zone and Chiltons.
5	These guys are AMAZING! I brought my car in and they checked over the WHOLE car! I realize my car needs some TLC. The guys prioritized my list of things I need to get done and made me estimates too. I know I have alot of money I need to save to fix my car but the guys are helping me out and we are doing a little at a time. I LOVE the fact they told me EVERYTHING that was wrong with my car. They have a GREAT staff, a WONDERFUL warranty (2 years/24,000 miles on Parts & Labor), AMAZING technicians, and an attitude of service. I feel at home and will NEVER take my car someplace else, EVEN just for an oil change!!!
5	My experience with Virginia Auto Service has been wonderful so far. I was looking for a new mechanic near my work and heard Mark Salem talk about them on his Car Talk radio show. I found out they had a Groupon offer coming up. I bought the Groupon, took my car in and was very pleased with the technical work and customer service. This feels like a small town auto shop with urban technology. Very friendly. Very clean. Since I was pleased with my first visit, I took my car back for some additional work today.
5	I am the owner of a Jaguar and a Range Rover so it goes without saying that next to my wife and kids, my mechanic is the next most important person in my life. After moving to Phoenix I followed the rule book and took my cars to the local Jaguar / Land Rover dealers for repair and service. A friend of mine recommended Virgina Auto Service to me a few years ago when he was visiting me in hospital as i was recovering from the shock of a $4000+ repair on my Range Rover. (just joking but it wasn't far off)The next time I needed a service thats exactly where I headed - and I have been heading there ever since. The owner Matt Allen is a champion. Aside from being a terrific guy, he as honest as the day is long and I know if he tells me I need to get some work done, it needs to be done. Likewise he is always looking to keep the repairs and service in check and takes as much pride in saving me money as he does in the work his shop performs.I am not a happy customer - I'm a fan. These guys do business the way it should be done, they treat their customers the way you hope people would treat you and most of all I always feel I get value and peace of mind for my money.I highly recommend this shop.
4	This past Friday I was ready to head to Texas with my boyfriend for a family gathering. For once, I was ready to go bright and early so that we could make the six-hour drive before the holiday weekend traffic got to be too terrible. My car, unfortunately, had other plans.  The battery, which I had purchased less than a month prior, decided it didn't want to work.  We suspected it was a bad connection to the terminal but couldn't be sure. Instead of driving to Checker Auto, I decided to take the car a couple blocks away to Virginia Auto.  I have a few friends who regularly take their vehicles here for service, so even though I had never utilized their serviced, I felt confident about taking my car in.At 8am, their small lot was already packed, and I snagged the only available spot.  We walked in and were helped right away.  The very nice lady at the desk asked if I'd made an appointment ahead of time and I explained our situation.  She said they had quite a few other cars in with appointments but she would see what she could do.  We sat inside the small lobby and chatted for a while before she came back in.  My brand new battery was dead.  It had been completely drained!  She said they could put the battery back in and we could go back to Checker to have it replaced or they could install a new battery for me.  Not wanting to take a chance on another bad battery, I decided to have them take care of it for me.  Not more than 20 minutes later, they had finished!  I wasn't thrilled about having to pay more than I wanted to, but it was worth every penny.  After we got to Texas that afternoon, my very car-savvy Dad looked at the  car and said the battery had been installed very well - it was in securely and everything had been cleaned up really well.I need some serious maintenance done on the car, and I will absolutely be taking it in to Virginia Auto.  As soon as I do, I have no doubt I'll be coming back to this review to change it from a 4-star to a 5-star review.Thank you, thank you, thank you, Virginia Auto, for taking such great care of me and my car and allowing us to head out of town for a few days without worrying about my car!
1	The yelp reviews were so good I wanted to believe I found a new mechanic, unfortunately not the case for me.
5	We recently took our Mercedes to Virginia Auto Service for  a new set of tires. Since we purchased the vehicle there has been a vibration in the rear of the vehicle. We have taken it to several places, including the dealer, to have it repaired, to no avail. When Matt balanced the tires on his new machine, that simulated road force, the problem totally dissapeared. I guess it pays to go to the shops with the most high tech equipment. thanks guys!
5	I checked out this business in connection with a Groupon, and after becoming very disenchanted with the dealership. After my regular service adviser was "transferred" after returning from maternity leave, I was regularly facing pricey service visits even for regular maintenance.  The increase in cost was pretty odd since it corresponded with the change in my service contact (they are paid on commission at the Acura dealer).  I was also pretty annoyed by the "transfer" of my trusted contact.  So, I started my search for a better option.  I went ahead and purchased the Groupon after checking out the business on garagefly.com.   I was very impressed with the service here -- they did a comprehensive inspection and everything checked out fine. They made no attempt to up-sell me on anything, including brakes, which the dealership had coincidentally told me would "definitely be due" on the next service visit (my brake pads were on the good side of fine when VAS checked them). Everyone seems very honest, and friendly, and while I don't know about the prices for major repairs, it's good to know that they'll only be charging you when you really need work done (unlike the dealer).  They also have a driver to take you where you need to go while they work on your car.
4	I can't sing higher praises of these guys.  My 30k mile Versa had developed an idling problem.  I took my car in for routine maintenance and asked if they would have a look at the problem.  They performed the routine maintenance I requested and although I was a little bit taken aback by the price for the inspection ($100-$200 based on what they had to do) I have trusted them for quality service on other vehicles.  They did a diagnostic and the problem was a misfire on cylinder 2.  They went out of their way to call my dealership to see if the problem was covered under warranty, which it was.  As it turned out Nissan had to replace my engine.  This mechanic could have chased the problem from sensor to sensor and fuel filter and ignition etc etc but they didn't, they found the correct path for me to save money and get my car running perfect again.  After that Matt who is the friendliest and most helpful person you will EVER meet at a mechanic offered to take my car to the dealership and pick it up for me, free of charge.  He even knocked off most of the inspection charge because they quickly realized they wouldn't be doing the work to repair it.  There are cheaper mechanics out there but the quality of service here not only made my experience much better but ended up saving me potentially thousands of dollars worth of repairs that were ultimately covered under my warranty.Although there is a small premium to get work done here (there are shady mechanics that will do jobs for less) the customer service by itself, let alone the quality of work, honesty and integrity of the staff are well worth the marginal pricing differences.  Keep up the good work!  Always glad to support local businesses!
5	I've taken Audrey, my Audi, to Virginia Auto Service a couple times for routine maintenance. I first heard of them through a coupon in the mail, though I'm not sure how they got my address! :)  Being new to the area and because the Audi dealership is way up in north Scottsdale, I decided to give them a try. Not to mention because I value the more personalized service of a small business, but that's a longer discussion... I've been thoroughly impressed with VAS's personal service, their ability to squeeze you in on relatively short notice, the ease in making an appointment, and their communication on what the deal is with your car.  They also have a free ride service to drop you off and pick you up, which is highly convenient! If you have a European car, I highly recommend giving these guys a try!  I'm fiercely protective and OCD about my car -- if I trust Audrey to someone, you know you can.
2	When my car started making scary, loud, noises, I panicked and took it to the nearest reputable mechanic (Virginia Auto).  I had heard they were a bit more expensive than other places, but my brother had just had a really great customer service experience there, so I decided to chance it.  After explaining to the very nice mechanic working the front desk that I really did not have any money to spare, I left my car in their hands and crossed my fingers.  A few hours later, I had a written estimate in hand:  $1,600+.  I was hugely disappointed (who happens to have a spare $1,600 lying around?) so I forwarded the quote to some knowledgeable friends who told me that I should definitely get a second opinion.  Once all was said and done, I managed to work out a solution to my auto troubles for $700 from a different mechanic. Yes, Virginia Auto does good work.  Yes, they offer GREAT customer service.  NO, it's NOT worth paying DOUBLE for.  P.S. Do yourself a favor and check out Inman & Sons instead. :)
5	Matt and Tim were great. When going over solutions I felt they were straight forward and upfront about the cost of the repairs. I  also felt that they understood how I felt about being separated from my money. Our Volvo is running great and we hope to keep it running for a long time with the help of Virginia Auto Service.
5	This is the first review I am writing for Yelp and I am inspired to do so because of my great experience at Virginia Auto Service. (Although I didn't know it) My engine belt broke on my way to work while driving on the highway. I managed to get safely to work and I ended up calling Virginia Auto Service upon the recommendation of a friend. Within minutes of talking to Matt he had provided an initial assessment (which turned out to be correct) and advised me how to proceed. He encouraged me to get the car towed and was VERY clear that he would rather I bring my car to another shop if it was less expensive for me and/or safer. How refreshing! He also took the time to look at a similar car in his lot so as to better inform me of possible scenarios.... all before I had committed to utilizing his services. I towed it to Virginia Auto Service (thanks for instructing me to contact my insurance company- towing was free) where it was assessed, fixed, cleaned and ready in hours. I really really felt like Matt wanted to educate me about my car and ensure my safety before getting my business. I cannot compare their prices to another shop's but I would rather have caring, honest and thorough mechanics than a cheap bill. I fully recommend
5	I thought I had a problem with my car's heater.  I took it into Virginia Auto and they discovered that was only a symptom of a major engine problem.  So they did some research on it and found out it was a manufacturer's defect.  They arranged for the dealership to get me a whole new engine, for free! There was nothing in it for them, but they took care of all the details to get this done. Tim got it all arranged for me and explained everything as he always does.  I love these guys, they are smart, friendly and fair!
5	I've been taking my car here since moving to Phoenix a year ago.  Three things really stand out about this shop:1. Everyone is professional and very nice.  That's not a given at every auto shop.2. Honest service - Several times, I've asked them to look at something and to do the service only if it needs it (for example, if my car's manual suggests something at a certain mileage).  Many shops would just take the opportunity to do the service and charge you.  However, Virginia Auto has come back to me several times and said that things look fine now and that they'll check it again at my next oil change.  3. Burgie will give you a ride back to your work/home!
5	I have been taking my vehicle's to this shop for the past 5 years. Before then I would float from shop to shop ......never satisfied with work or price, if work isquality I can justify it with price, but if workmanship and price don't match up its frustrating. It is so hard to trust in these type of businesses especially when you are a women with no knowledge of anything to do with a vehicle, sometimesyou feel you are being taken advantage of. Since finding this shop, I hope they never ever close their business doors, because I am a forever customer. I will drive whatever distance I have to drive to get my vehicle here in their most capable hands. Their customer service is unsurpassed. They provide transportationto and from your work or home. Their workmanship is excellent. They may notbe the cheapest in town, but if you haven't already learned this lesson by now,you will "You Get What You Pay For" . Trust me.....This business will not disappoint!
4	I've been using Virginia Auto for years because I trust them to do it right the first time.  They are clean, friendly, and helpful.  They will loan you a car, or drive you to and from their place if you need it.  They are expensive, but they pay their employees well which in turn let's them hire top notch employees.
5	Well, I have a little 2001 Ford Taurus.  My lovely silver grandma car is fantastic for the 100-200 miles I drive per month.  And now, my little car has a great shop looking after her.I took my car in as it was time for an oil change and I was convinced my serpentine belt was about to go.  It had that tell-tale burning smell which was making me nervous.  Turns out I had a loose oil-filter from my last oil change and dripping oil + catalytic converter = my car is about to die smell.Virginia Auto Service changed my oil and cleaned up my engine.  It was so nice to receive a call from them saying my belt was fine and an oil change was all I needed.  It was refreshing to be given an honest assessment vs being told some great story about some random repair that was needed...I am a female after all and have received some rather odd diagnoses in the past (your rotors fell off, so you'll need to have them replaced for example).It is very reassuring to know I now have an honest, kind and reliable repair shop for my car.  Did my oil change run a bit more than some $19.99 special?  Yes, but it was so worth it!  Now my little one won't be getting an oil change for another year most likely, but my service advisor, Robert, asked me to please stop by every three months so they could check out my belts, tire pressure, etc just to be safe.  Now THAT is service!
5	The team here at Virginia Auto Service is the best. We bought a used car from another local service center and boy were we sold a lemon! We even own a business next door to the place that we have trusted to work on our vehicles. When the other shop refused to stand behind their work, and the car they sold us, we sought out the crew at Virginia Auto on the advice of a friend.Robert took us through the engine of our vehicle and showed us all of the poorly done work by the other mechanic we trusted and then, he advised us on what we should do to keep our car running smoothly. The price was fair and the service was done quickly. We will be trusting only Virginia Auto Service from now on. We will be referring all our friends and customers here in the future.All you Phoenix ladies who don't know a bunch about cars and need reliable auto repair with out getting lied to, Robert is your man.
5	have been taking my vehicles here for a few years since we moved downtown. up front: they AREN'T the cheapest but they go over and above normal places, don't treat you like an idiot and tend to fix small things for free. in the end, you do end up getting what you pay for. my beat up old car pretty much still exists due to them, and my wifes newer car gets taken care of so as to last us as long as possible. plus its right by Band-Aids so you can drop your car off and 'wait in the lobby' at the gentlemans club, wink wink nudge nudge
5	I took my truck to get an oil change and inspection. Robert was super friendly and knowledgeable. They did a great job and even picked me up from work. The only thing I didn't receive was the truck wash I was told I'd get (not the important part). Overall, great mechanic!
5	Mr. Pascal Adcock exemplifies  the image that is Virginia Auto Service. Their reputation definitely precedes themselves and Pascal lives up to that image. Pascal was very friendly and cooperative as I asked a plethora of questions pertaining to their pricing, diagnostic abilities and warranties. We have dealt with Virginia Auto in the past and felt confident in their ability to diagnose and repair any automobile that we would bring to them. Pascal reassured me of their commitment to top end auto repair and excellence. In the end, we received a "Better Than Expected" state of repair, and we drove off in what actually felt like a new vehicle.  All of the employees represented the highest form of customer service and automobile repair excellence, in a comfortable and  no pressure atmosphere. I highly recommend them to anybody who has a vehicle.Owners are only as good as their philosophy of business, and their ability to judge and hire employees to reinforce their business desires and dreams. Matt is an example of a great owner and his business illustrates this day after day.
5	These guys are dependably polite and make you feel at ease. I have been fairly paranoid about being taken advantage of by auto mechanics, but you could sense something different at this shop. The owner himself has come out to talk through things with me and all my questions and need for clarification. Through all of it, the staff has always been patient, pleasant and trustworthy. As my boyfriend says about them, "I don't mind paying a little more than the cheap-o shops to know that things will be done properly the first time." Also, something significant for me is their ability to provide a prioritized list of suggestions regarding what needs to be fixed on your car, what can wait and how "dire" they each are. I'm incredibly impressed with their ability to do great work and also, somehow, make me feel happy about giving them my money to work on my car. :) Definitely recommended!
5	These guys do a great job. Honest, hard working, competent, friendly. I've taking my car here for a year and will continue to for many more.
5	I always passed by this place on my way to work. I was due for an oil change and decided to stop to have my car serviced. My concern with going to a new mechanic is to 'not get taken for' doing work that does not need to be done, etc..  but with this place, I felt at ease, seemed honest and only advised on what your car should need and not need. Friendly, professional, clean, and what was very convenient was that a very friendly guy named 'Bergie' took you to your work and back.Recommended.
5	First time customer.   Great service.   Accurately diagnosed the problem which was a different and more expensive problem than my regular garage wanted to work on.  Saved me a few hundred dollars. Accommodating with drop off to work with Burgie.  And when a part could not be located in time provided a loaner car.  Great customer service.  Will be back.
