5	Absolutely Wonderful business - i purchased small "cupcakes" that were irresisitible, and a box of "cookies and donuts" that were beautifully made.  They packed them all up and even sent them out for me!  Loved the shop and service!
4	Wonderful soaps and bath products beautifully created. If you're a bath person treat yourself to their delights. I love the store. It's quite nice and the products look good enough to eat.
4	I fell in L-O-V-E with this shop the moment I walked in.  The layout, the decor, and the smells were captivating.  I had a wonderful sales associate who showed me to the sink and let me experience the magic of the scrub.  I chose the French Vanilla scent and I regret not buying the lotion too.  Fortunately, I have friends in Las Vegas who are willing to shop and ship for me.
5	I love love love this place. They're always so warm and friendly when you go in. The soap sells itself. Try the buttercream frosting, you won't regret it!
3	This store makes me hungry. The shelves are lined with cup cakes, pies and donuts but they're all made out of soap. Yes, soap. Find what you need for a decadent and delicious bath here. The products are nicely presented and scented and makes for some nice presents but they're a bit pricey. The ladies that work here are really nice and helpful. They mentioned that this place is family-owned and soaps are hand-made. It's always nice to support a local business.
5	I read some reviews on this store as I was preparing to move back to Las Vegas. I lived here five years ago, and Town Square was my hangout. This store looked absolutely entrancing. I was a bit intimidated to go in at first because there was not a lot of web press or completed website. I'd also seen writings that the staff was a bit standoffish. I decided to make my own informed decisions and went in two weeks ago for the first time. It is the most MAGICAL bath and body store I have ever been to in my life. It is like Willy Wonka for your bathroom. I love that the soaps are cold-processed, there is such a variety of everything, and the store itself is so welcoming. Every single staff person I have encountered has been an absolute doll. I have bought and tested many of their offerings already, and can say everything is great. The soaps smell and lather wonderfully, and last a LONG time. You can slice off manageable pieces, but the luxury of a whole bar is worth it. The loofah round soaps are great too. The shimmer moisture spray is fantastic for Vegas heat, and the body frosting is a wonderful step up. The Cream Whip is in between and truly pampering. The bath brine and milks are wonderful. The bath butterbombs in both sizes are some of the best I've used. It seems almost everyone is making a round baking soda bath ball - but these put them all to shame. Their "bubbling fools" - bubble bars are awesome, as is the bath oil. The bath oil is like the inside of the vintage bath pearls of the eighties, but more natural and less greasy. I am addicted to the slush scrubs and need more. And like everyone else, I cannot get over the soap cupcakes, cookies, smores, mousse pies, etc. They are AWESOME. And yes they are soap - people will want to take bites! Everything there is the best and I cannot wait to go back. It is the best retail therapy ever. I also cannot wait to see the nice ladies who work there. Go, check it out, be amazed, buy, and repeat. You'll thank me.  Support Local Business as well!
5	OMG! Piece of heaven!This place is magical.....Amazing products and the customer service is just impeccable! I LOVE LOVE LOVE their scrubs and lotion! I would like to see the prices a little lower for the amount they give you in the tubes....it is somewhat pricey. Overall tho very high quality products! The scent does not fade...It stays on me for about 24 hours and I smell like a sugar cookie! :) Love this family owned shop! One of my best kept secrets!
5	I think I just found my new favorite bath store!!!!!! As we were sitting outside by Coffee Bean enjoying the nice weather, my friend Lizz goes "I wonder if that store has my bath salts." So off we went!Instantly we were greeted by the nice sales associate working there. I completely forgot her name, sorry. She made us try the body slush and I instantly fell in love with the stuff. It's like a regular body scrub with the sugar crystals, but instead of leaving your hands dry afterwards, it stays moisturized. It does feel a little oily as you are rinsing it off, but once you dry your hands, they're like butter. She then followed with the cream and OMG!! Baby smooth skin for the rest of the day. I purchased the slush in Lemon Meringue and the cream in Peach Pomegranate. Both items for $30. Not a bad deal at all. The employees were very friendly and easy to get along with. We probably stayed to chat with them for an extra 10 minutes after the transaction was over. I would totally recommend this place! Now I don't have to go to that one bath store inside the casino shopping center to purchase my fancy items.
5	Is it a cupcake? No it's soap!  This amazing little local store puts the cherry on top! I walked in while shopping around Town Square.  I was immediately greeted by the fantastic sales associate.  She explained all of their items in the store with exuberance and delight!  I could tell she loved her job.   She also helped me decide on my purchase with some samples.  I was sold! There were plenty of deals and sales for the holiday season.  Their scent selection is plentiful and fabulous.  Some of their items are shaped into dessert treats!  DON"T EAT but they look so pretty!  She also explained all of their items are made there in the store.  I love supporting local businesses!  They have a great product that I know I'll be back for.   You'll be happy to stop into this wonderful shop!
5	I was looking for unique bath products and read about Sweet Bubble in the Summerlin Area View. I went to the Boca Park location and couldn't find it, so I called the shop. The woman who answered the phone was friendly and helpful, she told me their shop was across from Kona Grill. Luckily, I was able to get a spot right in front, but I could see where parking would be difficult here. They have 30 minute spaces in the front of the shop, however, I'm uncertain how frequently it is monitored. I walked in the store and was greeted immediately by the woman I spoke to on the phone. She didn't explain any of the products to me, other than how they were made, which was fine with me since I was in a bit of a hurry. I purchased a six pack of cupcakes, 6 bath bombes, and a box of 4 macarons for my master bath.   I'll definitely go back when I have more time to explore their products. More expensive than most bath products, however, they smell and look wonderful. Can't wait to use them!
4	Love the owner here.  She is super helpful and what I love is her products are safe for babies.  The citrus soaps are amazing.  They will also mail a gift package on your behalf.  No hassle.  I used the package service and my friend's gift arrived in perfect condition.  Only 4 stars because on several occasions the people working there (not the owner) do not know the products very well.  But I will still go back.  Excellent products.
