1	I've never had a consistent experience at Kinko's. The employees are incompetent and the rates for simple services like scanning and faxing are ridiculously expensive.  I stopped by this location to scan and email some documents. I wanted to use a self-serve computer and scan them myself, as these were confidential papers. The attendant insisted the most "cost-effective" means of accomplishing my goal was for her to scan them, put them on a thumbnail drive to upload to the computer, convert to PDF and email. She was rude and defensive when I insisted I do it my way (after all, I have done this many times at different locations, and I am a PAYING CUSTOMER). Instead of paying for the $0.25/minute (or something close to this rate) to use the computer and quickly scanning the pages myself, I paid around $1.10/page for her to scan the doc in addition to the fee for the computer.I'd rather buy my own scanner/fax than have to deal with Kinko's.
2	Stopped by to scan some documents to PDF.  Asked the guy behind the counter if he'd do it for me, but he said he was too busy and directed me to the self serve computers......I hate using those things as they take too long to boot up and scan docs....but I had no choice, so I did.I won't be coming back to this joint if this guy is working.Return Factor - 20%
3	I wasn't too thrilled when FedEx took over Kinko's a half dozen years ago, but they have gradually won me over.  One of the best things I've found about the merger with FedEx is the ability now to pickup packages at any of their locations if you missed your home delivery.  WOW!I've stopped here many times, for a copy, or to pick up the odd business supply.  Everyone has been nice and helpful, while the prices seem in line with what one would expect to pay at Staples, etc.  This location is conveniently location off the Raintree exit of the 101, and has a Paradise Bakery and NYPD Pizza nearby.
4	I needed to ship a package for work and since it was a rather awkward item, I decided to go to FedEx. I went before the lunch rush because I know this parking lot gets crazy busy due to the number of restaurants in the plaza. There was ample parking, which is nice compared to when I normally visit this plaza. Inside, there were a few other customers and only one employee. The employee immediately greeted me and asked what he could help me with. I only needed to ship ground, so he gave me the correct form to fill out in order to send my package. As I filled it out, I noticed how freezing cold it was inside! I couldn't wait to get back outside in the heat. Luckily, it was quick to finish and pay and I was on my way. The employee was very helpful and it was a good experience. If I needed another item shipped, I'd much rather go here than wait in line at the post office.
5	Very quick service. I came in here on Thursday afternoon. It was very busy but the line went quick. I had the paperwork filled out so it was the woman typed it in really quick and it was done. I was probably in and out in less than 5 min. Wow, good work FedEx!
3	Time to update this review.  I often need to send out packages via FedEx and these little stores help me do that.  2 yrs ago, I had a bad experience with an employee.  Since most employees who work in places like this don't stay very long, I knew he wouldn't be around for very long.  After about 6 months, I went back to use this location and he was in fact no longer working there...good.Now I use this place form time to time to send out packages or faxes when I'm out of the office.  Easy to use their services and their location is convenient to restaurants and bars.  What more can I ask for?Return Factor - 75%
3	I went here this morning to fax papers to my employer. It is my fault for not asking how much it was to fax, I just assumed it wasn't very expensive. I faxed 18 sheets, and to my surprise, it was $30!!! After leaving, a few friends of mine told me that you can fax for free at the Library and a few other places, and that seems to be the most expensive they have heard of. I should have just spent the gas money to drive the papers, or even better, buy a fax machine!I will say, the girl working was very helpful and extremely friendly. There was an impatient lady with two children yelling on the phone about how long it was taking to receive a fax while trying to entertain the kids. The girl went in the back and brought out skittles, paper, and markers for the kids. Friendly staff, expensive service.
5	Awesome location . Gabe is so helpful . I go to this location just cause I know he will take care of what is need and he is very friend .
