5	This place is serious about comics.Yes,it's a comic book store, but, what i mean is.....they specialize in just books and back issues.  Not so much with the actions figures and roll play like other stores.It's kinda refreshing to walk into a store and have a solid idea of what they do there.  And the guys that work there have knowledge and love to share it.And to top it all off it's next door to Pinball City......all Pinball Machines all night.  I'll review that soon.
4	This place is a little hard to find, it's tucked away in the back of a very industrial looking complex. On the other hand, there's a pinball store and a giant Goodwill Superstore across the street. YAY.I really enjoyed this store: it is serious biz'ness inside, with rows and rows of wooden shelving dedicated to graphic novels. Even better, the graphic novels are organized first by genre, with all Science Fiction in a different section from Autobio. This set up reminds me of the great Comic Relief in Berkeley. Thumbs up.
5	Just came back from a Vegas trip.  Had the comic bug while I was there so I looked through the yellow pages in my hotel room.  Inside I found Cosmic Comics on East Tropicana.  I decided to go there and take a look.  We stayed near the main strip so getting there was a little trip in the car.  At first, I drove past it because it wasn't easy to spot.  It was in the same location as a limo rental place, a movie theater and I think an AAA.  There was a few bums around.  I saw one sleeping on a ledge and another asked my wife for some change.  Very interesting area but it shouldn't discourage you from going there.  Inside there are wall to wall comics.  One side of the store is all recent DC comics and on the other side is all Marvel.  In the back, they have other titles of other comic publishers.  In between they had shelves and shelves of back issues and graphic novels.  On the walls they displayed old issues of Marvel and DC comics.  Place is good sized and full of comic goodness.  I would of stayed longer but the wife was ready to move on with the rest of our vacation.  So I had to move fast.  Next time I am in town I hope to look around a little longer.The cool thing is that he still had a lot of recent issues that were long sold out in other places at cover price.  Batman and Robin #1 and Flash Rebirth #1 just to name a few.  The guy behind the counter looked like a old biker dude.  He gave me a comic book bag with a board for every comic I purchased.  There is a picture of him and his brother when they were kids dressed up as Batman and Robin.  Very cool picture and adds to the place.  Definitely visit this store.  It's a cool comic book shop.  Support your local comic book shops especially if they are good.  This is one of the good ones.j
4	Straight up comics. None of the other comic collectibles here. Well, not much anyway. Yeah, a couple of toys or a statue or two, but this is the long box and old comic mecca. If comic stores were bars, this one would be a bourbon bar. No messing around with the mixed drinks and appealing to the masses. They have what they have and you can either like it and find what you need or you can look elsewhere. The new release selection is really pretty nice. Popped in to this shop when I was in town and the other shop didn't have the indie book I wanted. These folks had it. Yup, they don't mess around. It wasn't that much of an indie book either, at worse it was a dark horse comic. I mean, come on. Helpful and very serious about their comics. I mean, really really serious. Come on, man. It's funny books. Why so serious? But I suppose being serious about your comic shop pays off for those of us looking for that less than popular comic.
5	I love the new location, it's so much bigger and nicer than the old location. There is even a nice seating area!Yes, there are collectables and things but this shop is definitely focused on comic books. They have an amazing selection! The staff is very knowledgeable and are always good for chatting about comic books. If they don't have what you're looking for, they are always willing to order things for you.
4	It's hard to find this location & it felt cramped inside. Other than that, there's soooooo many comic books & graphic novels to choose from. I was a bit skeptical to come here in the first place but once I stepped foot inside, I stayed there for about an hour just reading through comic books & checking out the newest editions until they were ready to close.
5	In my never ending quest to review every comic book shop in the world, I bring to you COSMIC COMICS!I haven't been to this shop since they moved locations (from Tropicana to Flamingo) and let me tell you, I was so pleasantly surprised that my wallet really paid the price. I couldn't stop gawking at how much room this new shop had and how nicely spaced out everything was. If their last shop was the Batcave, this is Superman's Fortress of Solitude. Sure, the Batcave was big enough to house all of the necessary wares, but it was cramped and a bit dark hidden from the naked eye in a shopping center not many passed through. This new location however, is bright and vivid with so much extra room to fly around in and the location is oh so much better!I walked in only looking for Swamp Thing #1 and Catwoman #1 from DC's newly rebooted universe, but I ended up walking out with $70 in comic books! Thank you Cosmic Comics, you went from being a 2 star rated shop to a full fledged 5 star!I will most definitely be returning and recommend you do the same!
5	The new location is amazing.  Jimmy carries just about every trade paperback you can possibly imagine.  There are two big couches in the middle of the store to let you sit and talk to othe enthusiast.
4	I love comic books, this was one of my first stores I visited when I first moved to Vegas,  it has a lot of comics and the new location (next to the gym) is very convenient !I'm sorry if I'm a little rude here but, the only time when I go there is when I go to the gym AND the tall big guy is there, he's very professional, very knowledgeable and very friendly, the other dude there, older, long Grey hair is kinda rude, I've been there when he was there, he doesn't even care to greet me when I open the door BUT he keeps 'an eye on me', made me feel very uncomfortable, I think he thought I was there to steal or something.... sad.I like the store a lot and I'd go there more often, since is closest to my place but most of the times I travel to a different store, I work as a manager in retail and I know how important customer service is, if it wasn't for the above mention I'd be there more often, nonetheless, love the store and their selection !
1	Store is nice and big, bright, organized. Makes me feel like an old shop based on how nothing is bagged and boarded so you have to look for a good copy which I like. However they have no ethics about pricing. I bought some comics off the new wall, not marked up at all. A woman rang me up never said a word about what these comics were being sold for, even though it wasn't marked on the books and they clearly are making up their price. So I trusted her total because I wasn't adding up what I bought before I bought it, I just knew i grabbed 10-14 comics. So I get home and see that I was charge $6.60 for a comic that every other store sells for $3.99.  Now this was an incentive comic of 1:3, but no other shop in Las Vegas or Cali has ever charged me more than $3.99 for this because 1:3 is an extremely low incentive, and cover price for the regular version is $3.99, even Velvet Undergound will charge 15% below the $3.99. So I thought this was a mistake and called and asked why was I charged more than $3.99, and was told that's what the price was.  Then when I asked why wasn't it marked with that price because it's clearly their own price and not common for those books, I was told since there was no price I should have asked.  And I completely agree, it's my fault. It's my fault for not assuming I was going to be killed on the price for trying to give some business to my local shops instead of buying online like everyone else is doing nowadays. But still I do not feel this was a valid reason.  So by their pricing logic, they can just make prices up on the spot if they felt like it since nothing is marked with the correct price. Granted it's their business they can do what they like, but it was a major turn off for me to ever shop here again.It would take me too long having to ask every single price before I bought a comic.
4	One of the biggest comic stores I've been to. =)
1	Well, I was contacted by one of the owners after my bad review and offered a chance to come shop again and update my review.  And I was ready, I contacted the owner back and said maybe I just had a bad day and it was me, so I was looking for some books and this is the first place I thought to check.  So I called looking for any issue any grade 1-25 on Amazing Spider-Man (1963) Volume 1.  I was first told did I know how much they would be because it's very pricey! Really, wow didn't know that (sarcasm).  I then said I am not looking to buy all 25 issues today, just looking to see what you have if any and what grade then buy maybe 1 or 2 issues.  So next I was then told that they would have to check the back and he has to work the register so I would just want to come in sometime or call back because he didn't have the time to check.Wow, what AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE, (sarcasm).  You have a guy on the phone willing to spend a minimum of $500-$1,000 on the phone and you can't even get a phone number and say when you have time tonight or tomorrow you will check and get back to me.  No of course not, I have to call back and ask the same exact question all over again and HOPE this time you are free to actually check, because if not, then AGAIN I will have to call back.
5	A place for comic books.
3	Kool comics n toys
4	This store is the best in Vegas. It has a great selection of older comics including: gold, silver, bronze, and modern issues.  The store also has reasonable prices for key issues. The store is clean and very well organized. It also has a great custom storage unit system for older issues so they dont get damaged. this store is also one of the few that carried drawer boxes. The owner was very nice and willing to haggle on key issue prices. This store seemed more into comics rather than manga or gaming which is a major plus.
5	My new favorite comic store, they were friendly and I got what I needed. The store looked like it would have whatever you needed and it's not the closest to me but I'm sure going here in the future.
5	Cosmic Comics is my new favorite comic book store. It beats anything in L.A. While not the biggest, it has a terrific layout, and a great inventory of comics, the best I've seen. They've got a section of hard and soft cover books devoted to artists, and subject matter. They've got a section of models and cards and t-shirts. They've got it all, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. What more could you want?
5	I stopped in the other day to use a gift card and a coupon I had won in a weekly drawing.I was really impressed.  The shop was clean, and organized really well.They have a HUGE selection of comics, including a section at the front of comics for $1. They sell a ton of graphic novels (I'm a huge Sandman fan, so win for me!), t-shirts, and other awesome collectibles.  The two guys working there were extremely friendly and helpful. I will definitely go back again.  I have my eye on a Doctor Who tshirt that I need. ;)
5	I've been shopping here for a few years now. I love comics, but I'm not someone who buys them every week. But everyone here treats me like I am. The staff is great at remembering the type of things you like. And Brian is the best at making recommendations. If you want to try some new titles, be sure to ask for him. He's generous with his time and knowledge. They also have a big supply of $1 preview books so you can try new things without committing to a big price tag right away. They've also been great about special orders when I've asked for them.
5	Probably my favorite spot in Las Vegas to pick up comics, new and old. The place has been around a while and the experience shows. Large and constantly update inventory of more then just comics (they also have an excellent selection of toys). Also, important to me is a helpful, but not pushy staff. The owners/employees have all the right answers at the right time but don't stalk you around the store, which is nice. Definitely worth a trip in, the only downside is it shares a parking lot with the exceptionally busy gym and grocery store which makes for a frustrating experience, but hardly a deterrent.
5	This is probably the best comic book store ive been to here in vegas. And it might possibly be the best comic book store i've been to, period.PRO:Staff has great comic book knowledge and they're very helpful and friendly. Tons of boxes to sniff throughAwesome variety from Pop figures to toysGood collection of posters and booksDecent collection of some very rare comic booksCONS:Statues and Bust collection seems to be on the smaller side. They only have one location and i unfortunately live on the north side of town.This place is definitely a spot i try to stop by if i'm ever in the area. 2 thumbs up!
4	Its awesome..... I always find what I need. Comic book wise. Get your fix at this place you won't regret it...
3	The usual new comic store.  Mostly for current fans.  All the new brands are represented.  It is a cleaned up book store type shop.  Very neat and mostly stocking modern collections.  I would say it's a far cry from the heavily inventoried comic shoppes of last century.  The t-shirt wall is decent.  Very light on the poster selection.  A sparse all English language Manga shelf (the reason I came for my lil bro) representing the fanboy weeaboo collectors choices only.  Overall variety is somewhat lacking.  I didn't browse the archives but there is about 150 square feet of boxed & categorized classics.  The workers are nice.  The majority of the toys were vinyl bobble type pop characters and mostly DCs Batman plethoras.  Many pricey resin casts too.  I didn't find a gift for my bro.  Sadly left empty handed.
5	I've been meaning to visit this place since it opened up, well today was the day. Great comic shop. Layout is nice and it's very organized. I could spend a lot of green here. They have a lot of cool merch. The employees are very chill and friendly.
4	Nice guys, very friendly, with a really great selection of comic books and collectibles. I would definitely recommend checking them out for your comic & collectible needs.
