5	Really recommend this place especially if you don't know much about vape. I was in Vegas for the weekend and smoked way too much cigs so I decided to look up vape shops and this place was open. All the employees were friendly. Ray and jay were really helpful and patient since I asked a lot of questions. Place was really big and the atmosphere was awesome. They have a LOT of stuff there so it took me a while. My favorite juice was tombstone which is menthol and berries. Spend the extra money on an intermediate  kit vs a starter kit cause it hits better and looks nicer.
5	The Tru Vape folks are very friendly and helpful.  I came in without knowing anything about Vape, Ray patiently explained it in details and offered to try out several flavors. My favorite was the passion fruit.  I would recommend this place to fulfill your Vape needs.
1	Came by at 1145 on a Saturday......doors were locked & not one person in sight. Want to give 0 stars for bad business. When the sign says open at 11:00, is it too much to ask to actually be OPEN at that time?
5	Wow this place looks so nice and welcoming, nice big living room lounge area with sofas everywhere. I have been a smoker for 10 years smoking about a pack a day. Jay hooked me up with a zmax mini which is doing a good job at keepingmy smoking urges down. Got a chance to try so many juices they offered but loved the vaping Monkeys and OMG juice lines. Highly recommend this place, it's a must check out if your in the area. Thanks tru vape! Willing be seeing you guys soon for some new flavors and a vivi nova tank.
5	Happen to see this store while eating in the plaza. Needed to find a gift for a friend who vapes so I decided to check this place out. I don't know anything about vaping but the staff was very helpful and knowledgable and helped me out in picking a gift for my friend. They have a large selection and you can sample the different flavored juices also. I would recommend this place. Friendly staff and chill environment.
5	Well not to take anything away from the other review, but they barely grand opened and are getting situated. Their hours will be established. Give them a chance and you will see.Anyways, the customer service was superb. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the staff. Their selections are endless, so much so that I gave myself a headache trying to decide. That's a good thing though. They have everything from starter kits to mechanical mods. They can show you how to build your rebuildable atomizer and are knowledgable about every thing Vape. Ask any of them questions and they are able to answer. I also want to point out the ambiance, it is killer. Haven't been to a Vape shop that felt so welcoming. I loved the layout of the sofas and tables. The place is cozy, if I was homeless I'd probably chill here all day lonnnnnnngggg.Anyways.....at the  end of the day, the customer service was there. The selection is huge, the place is clean and organized.
5	Very impressed with the knowledge of the staff. Customer service was above and beyond what I expected. Their inventory is superb and prices are very reasonable. The ambiance of the shop sets them apart and there is a great feel to the whole place. I definitely enjoyed my first visit and will be coming back soon !
5	I didn't have a chance to do a review the other day so here we go... My first day at this shop was on their grand opening day. The place was packed and really foggy...but what do you expect from a vape shop. As busy as it was my friends and I were greeted as we walked in by the staff. My girlfriend bought me a k100 starter mechanical kit and a IGO-L. The person who sold it to us (I don't remember his name) was very knowledgeable. We didn't feel pressured in any way. He then walked us over and introduced us to their builder (again I don't remember his name). He was wrapping up another person's build and as soon as he was done he started with mine. He also was very knowledgeable in what he did and as busy as it was he took the time to go step by step and explain what he's doing. The build process was less than 5 minutes and he even drilled out the airhole in my cap for me. I don't think I'll ever have the patience to rebuild my IGO so he will be my go to person if I ever need it to be rebuilt.Overall my experience there was top notch! As busy as it was the staff made us feel welcomed and they're very knowledgeable. Coming from someone who is new to vaping the 2 guys who helped me didn't make me feel that way. They made me feel comfortable purchasing something I never worked with before and this was a big step up from my ego twist. I've been to vape shops that made me feel uncomfortable because I felt like I was being judged by the device I was using and that's why I never upgraded sooner. I highly recommend visiting this shop for your purchasing and building needs.
5	This is by far the biggest vape shops I have been to. The store is huge and they managed to use their space very well. The lounge chairs are so comfortable and it makes you feel like you're at home chilling with a bunch of friends. Who wouldn't want that?The customer service was excellent, their honesty helped a lot. I liked that they were able to teach me how to do everything, from beginning to end. Some places would just let me walk out the door with my purchase and I would have been miserable trying to figure out how to use everything. Overall, a happy customer!They also have a juice bar so you can try out the different kinds of juices they offer. I definitely recommend the OMG - WTF, it is a kiwi flavor, one of my favorites!If I lived in vegas, I'd definitely choose this place to go and chill more often but since I'm from cali, I'll be back when I can to visit!
5	Truvape is only 2 weeks old so they're one of the newest of the many popping up, but they are doing it right. Its a clean and modern shop with a counter of vapes and mods and had a table where it seemed like they were helping customers build modified vaporizers. There were comfy couches to sit around, but I like best that if you want to sample the e-liquids, they have a vaping juice bar. At quite a few of the stores we've gone to, you often just kinda stand there so this is a much more comfortable spot to go to, specially for newbies. They do not mix custom in house, but sell many premixed brands of juice. I took a picture of their menu, but they have gotten and will be getting more brands so expect more when you go. We tried various things from the menu that sounded good as well as some suggestions. The two guys working the bar were both really friendly and helpful. One of the guys also owns a Frenchie girl, Boogey, that was hanging out. Always a plus to have adorable shop dog. We settled on two Faded Vapor juices, the Cloud Princess (papaya and plum) in 6mg nicotine, and the BBT (sweet melon mix) in 0 nicotine. These were going for $12 and are in glass bottles so they gave us pipettes to drip them in. We picked up a e-go starter kit (battery, 2 clearomizer tanks, charger, case) which was $40. Isn't it funny that people who never smoked before, want to now with this technology? The marketing it with 0 nicotine as a portable hookah is kinda genius but it kinda fun when you're sitting at home.  Eric then brought us over to the couch to show us how to load the e-cig and to answer questions we had about the unit and test out the unit to make sure it was up to snuff. Thorough, friendly and comfortable vibe in here. We went to several shops that day and have been to a few previously for my MIL, but this was by far seem to be both our favorites. Will be back for more juices and highly recommend them as one of the better vaping stores in town.
5	Vaping is slowly making its way to the East Coast, but I managed to get my hands on one through a friend that lives in California.  Since I decided to leave my vape in my purse during my 5 hour plane ride en route to Vegas, all of the juice was dried out by the time I landed.  Sigh.  Thank goodness I found TruVape during my recent trip to Vegas because now I have enough juice to last me awhile!The store is located in the same shopping center as Pho Kim Long (if you've had after club munchies, you've most likely been here) and is welcoming with several couches to lounge on.  The juice bar is the best addition to the store -- you can sit down and sample ANY of the different liquids available.  There's a wide variety, from 0 nicotine, to 6mg, to 12mg, as well as different flavors (Glazed Donut, Oreo, Peach Lychee, Watermelon?!?! The possibilities are endless!) and even menthol.  I left with a new starter kit (as a backup for my first vape) and 3 juices. All of the employees were friendly, accommodating, and informative about the products.  If you're into vaping, or want to know more about it and live in and/or visiting Vegas, you should definitely stop by!  Hopefully they'll be able to offer online shopping soon so I won't have to worry when my juices run out. ;)
5	This was amazing!!! I stumbled cross this vape store after having a HORRIBLE experience at The Lair Vapors. I went in and left with a HUGE smile!!! If you need awesome flavors & awesome people to be around definitely go there. I wouldn't go anywhere else!!
5	First time I came here to buy a vape, I had no idea what I was looking for. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their products, I bought a starter kit in which was taught step by step on how to use it, how to refill it, and how to charge it. They also have a juice bar where you can sample all the different flavors. My favorite that I had pick was the Snake oil (Sweet Melon Menthol) just like Candy. They had a huge variety of flavors, even weird ones like "absynthe" or "Jack Daniels" haha. They didn't mind at all that I wanted to try so many flavors, and spent a considerate amount of time there. It's also a lounge spot where you can kick back and chill. After purchasing the juice, they would fill it up for you so you're ready to go ! The next time I went, I bought more juice from there and further customized my vape. I recommended this place to all my friends *thumbs up*
5	Compared to the other 'vape' stores I've been to Truvape takes the cake. I went with my boyfriend because he needed new flavors and a new battery for his vape. I was shocked at how big the store was. The ambiance was very lax and it was dawned by dim lighting; perfect for a lounge. There are a couple sectionals for customers to relax and enjoy. The staff was very helpful with my boyfriend's needs. I loved the concept of the "Juice Bar" for all their flavors; it was too cute. Overall, great experience the boyfriend came out of the store satisfied with his purchase. Highly recommend this establishment.
5	Here at Truvape is where it all started for me, i found the employees were patient enough to answer all my annoying questions about ohms and how those work, different atomizers, price ranges, what's bang for the buck, and etc. I was there for about an hour or hour and a half asking questions, and at that first or second visit i didn't buy anything. I very much appreciate the customer service that is provided here.Not only is the service just that great, i love the ambience, it's dark and the vibe is chill, the lounge couches make you want to sit in them.  The dim lights and the showcase lights really accent how the vibe should be feeling.Product prices are typical from what i've seen, the juice they sell are phenomenal, Customer Service is really the best in my opinion, not to mention the little dog they have in there just running around! aha, has to be a plus!!
5	Beautiful shop, excellent customer service... located few shops down from my favorite joint: PHO KIM LONG. WooHoo!!!
5	BEST Vape store in Vegas. I've been to a couple of Vape stores in Vegas, but truvape is what I will call my vaping home store. The whole crew that works there are awesome, helpful and patient. They treat you as you're family. I go there almost everyday, to get mods, drip tips, juices and get my atomizers rebuilt. The environment of the store is chill, gotta love their couches and their juice bar! You can't beat truvape, it's great to finally have a vaping store that you feel comfortable with and you can call it your 2nd home, lol. But I highly recommend everyone that loves to Vape to come by the store, I can promise you, you guys/girls will love it here! Oh and the prices here are awesome!
5	First place we went and seemingly best place for us. I've visited more than half of the 28 stores in town in the span of this month because we've jumped off the deep end into this. I guess, I'm about that "vape life" now. The BF and I really click with the vibe, really like the staff and like what they stock.Benny is probably my favorite person here (and his dog Boogie), but everyone here is great. Eric, Russell, David, Raymond have all helped me a few times too and all are super. There isn't one bad person employed here and the big boss Jay is cool too. I just like the people here best out of all the shops.They carry the gear I want. They mostly focus on mechanical mods, but they do carry starter kits and some variable voltage/wattage mods. They seem to get all the releases on high end mods though. We have gotten almost all hardware here. The BF and I started with a little eGo-c Twist, then a eVic and now we're both sporting our first mechanical mods, Origin by Footoon from UVO System. They tend to carry nicer kinds of drip tips, also a few RBAs and tanks. They have some good builders here, but mostly focus on sub ohm type coils. My one bone to pick with vape shops, and this is not just Tru I've found this with most, is they should carry better batteries to do safe sub ohm builds that they do. I think it's one of those assume people know if they're buying "advanced" vaping stuff, but I'm finding there are straight idiots out there plooming. So here's my PSA of the month - do your research and please be safe. I don't want to scare people off of going mechanicals, but when done not right you can vent/blow a battery. I'm staying above 0.4ohms and prefer to be in the .6 - .8ohms.  So far I've gotten a build by the famous Brandon. He got it firing perfectly without much having to mess with it like I do. Ask other vapers, even ones that work at other shops and he is often mentioned as a fantastic builder. The surprising thing here though is EVERYONE in the store is expected to know how to build - it's part of their training. I've seen every single guy at the build station. That's pretty damn respectable as no other store does. Juices they carry various brands. The one thing they seem to want to do is rotate their juice selections out often enough. They had a few brands on sale just to clear out the stock so that they can carry something different. Since e-liquid will be my main purchases, it's nice to know there is a lot of return value to find something different every few months and deals to be had. They are almost always doing some sort of special. I guess I have similar taste with the people here because I find I often purchase most of my juice here. A lot of the brands and flavors are just up my alley. Other than the sale on some quality juices, I also got a hell of a deal on my eVic here. I would suggest paying attention to their social pages and just popping in as I've found something on sale each time I went in. They also seem to hold events here and there too, like last night UVO system was there doing giveaways.It's a comfy place to hang out- lots of room, couches and easy going attitude. Since it is a mech heavy shop, sometimes it can get a bit hazy in there from "plooming', but it's just vapor and you don't notice it once you're in there anyways. Highly recommend. This is my vaping "home". I would be hard pressed to find a shop I like just as much as this one. Simply top notch.
5	Amazing customer service, knowledgeable of their products, and with a large inventory! They even have their own workshop station for newbs to learn how to put together mods, or how to use their vape. Best Vape shop in Vegas :)
5	This store is amazing. Great environment! We were greeted as soon as we walked in. They have so many accessories and mods in their cases. The guys there were so friendly they knew exactly what I needed and they knew so much about thee products. They have a vape bar to chill n taste test the different flavor a they have. So many to choose from and they tasted great!! The prices are reasonable.. Ill definitely be coming back soon!!
5	I've been to a few vape shops around town and I have to say this spot is #1. I upgraded from a wimpy ego c-twist to a k100 today which is beasty in all comparisons. The staff answered all my newbie questions without judgement (unlike other shops), and even demonstrated how to do a standard rebuild. This shop has the best quality juices and its a really chill place to hang around and meet people. You can't go wrong here just do it.
2	From what other yelpers are saying this place was very attentive and caring for the customer's needs. I won't blame them for their lack of stock that day of their Pyrex tanks, but to tell us the wrong price then charge us last minute the difference is completely unprofessional, Raymond.After a couple of weeks, after trying desperately to make this vape life work out for me like it did for my brother but to no avail, I wanted to just return the tank that I didn't use. Calling and asking the shop, they said they could allow the refund even though I didn't have the receipt but could pull up the bank transaction. A few days later I actually went to the shop and Ray told me that there were no refunds on anything except this one specific battery set because of chance faults with engineering. And that their store policy was to have no refunds on anything. Really wish they had put that sign somewhere that read "ALL SALES ARE FINAL" or something like that if so. The phone call indicated there were inconsistencies in policy, which was also unprofessional.Upon trying to return it and being informed that the store had the no-refund policy, Ray tried to justify it by saying it was like returning a pair of underwear since they would have no idea if I had used it or not. That's ridiculous, but a good one, a glass tank with completely interchangeable parts compared to a pair of dirty underwear? Am I going to put on that in my mouth? No. But it is the reason why I can't get my $60 back on what is now just a spare tank for my brother.
4	This place is pretty spacious. Personally I don't smoke or vape but I was here with my friends and we stopped by before leaving back to LA. Nice interior. Lots of seating area! Couches everywhere, comfortable too.Their display is really nice and clean.The staff is helpful and friendly.They have a bar in the back where you can try different flavors and they seem to be really patient with you if you have more questions or wanted to try more than a couple flavors. They also have some type of repair station, or building station. I would think a lot of people would like this.
5	One of the best vape stores in town! Extremely nice staff and has a lot of good prices on vapes! Good flavors too!
5	A very spacious shop with couches with an appealing juice bar. Great staff also and very knowledgeable. Located at Chinatown so parking may be troublesome but worth going to.
5	A must stop place to shop for all your vaping needs. Service, juice and devices are on point. Great job modeling the shop with a zen vibe. Thanks to David and Benny for the helpful advice and hospitality.
5	Great service! These guys know what they are talking about!Decor: Very Large Open Space with a large area to hang out. Large Juice Bar.Service: These guys know what they are talking about and are very helpful. They are well informed of starter set ups all the way to custom mods. Legit.Overall: Definitely Coming Back!
5	I've been coming here since they open and let me tell u this is your number 1 stop for all your vaping needs ... The guys down here will treat u like family ....this shop has the best products and top shelf mods as well ...shop is big and clean also if your new to vaping go to the building station and the the guys there will give u tips on building if u need any...also I've been to almost all the Vape shops in Vegas none of them comes close to Truvape .. Last thing make sure u go try out juices at the juice bar
5	We were going around checking out different shops to determine where to buy a new vape kit. With a few more shops we wanted to visit it was decided that this would be the place. A large glass counter with many sections has the different types of kits and accessories. A very helpful staff who offered his opinions and suggestions took good care of is, Benny was his name. After my wife picked out her kit Eric at the juice bar let her sample all the flavors she wanted. We sat and talked for a while and the whole staff is very polite and outgoing. We live clear across town but will be back here for all of our Vape needs.
5	Awesome customer service.  Love the vibe, this will be my permanent place to shop for my vape gear.
1	The girl at the bar was nice. That's the only positive thing to say. No one said hello, no one said goodbye.  The cashier handed me my change and walked away in a hurry. No receipt, no words. I guess vaping with your coworkers is more important than customer service.When I walked in, I was taken to the Juice "Bar" where they don't even mix flavors. Huge waste of store space. I was given a 10ml bottle for $13.00 and some change, and one disposable dropper. For $13, the least they could do is order the line of liquid that comes in a tipped bottle.One star for the sweetheart at the "bar." You're better off going to a smoke shop. At least they acknowledge your presence as they're ripping you off.
5	By far the best Vape shop excellent service and staff where they reconize a fimilar face
5	Shoutout to truvape crew! Making vaping high end and healthy! Another shoutout to Russell!
5	I was visiting Vegas and searched for a vape store on yelp. I came across Truvape and read many positive comments about this place.  The comments were right. Top notch service and great products! If you are looking for a wide variety of e-cig or e-juice in Vegas hit them up! I would say this is probably the best vape shop I've been to hands down!
5	I love truvape all the people there are nice and so help full. This is my new vape shop for sure.
3	They do have the best inventory of vaping needs in my opinion, from flavors to mods and atties and such.  The place is quite large compared to most vape stores that I've been to.  I'm just not too fond of their customer service.  The lady who was helping my gf and I was pretty nice but the other two guys who were there were not as nice; I felt a little attitude when I was talking to them for a little bit.  I come to vegas frequently, and I'll probably come back next time, only because they have all the goods.  Hopefully their service will be better next time I'm there.
5	These guys are awesome from what they sell to the service they give u if ur looking for a shop this is the place to go to
5	Bought three juices from this store because after trying the juice bar, I got hooked. The flavors were amazing. Had to cop me the lychee and jolly rancher melon. I forgot the name of the last flavour I bought but oh well. They are a top notch vape shop. Id come back just to try the flavors again. Cool location, big store. Very friendly and gives great advice to beginners like me.
5	i don't know why i haven't written a review sooner but this is my go to shop and has been since the day they opened. nice large store with plenty of seating area. great service thanks benny, eric and russ. they keep a nice selection of mods on hand and are always getting new stuff.my only complaint is parking is a pain at the wrong time of day, its a busy shopping center and finding a space can be frustrating.
5	Truvape is without a doubt the BEST...and I emphasize BEST vape shop here in the beautiful city of las vegas. As soon as you walk in the shop, you are greeted by the staff which is phenomenal. I have walked into multiple vape shops here in vegas and they never greet you. Truvapes hospitality is flawless! Their staff is extremely helpful and attentive to anything you need!Their juices, mods, accessories etc are a good price as well. They rebuild your atomizers for you for free. I would strongly recommend you to tip because you can even learn from them as well. The staff is very knowledgeable on their products. Their staff "I forget some pf their names I apologize fellas" is awesome like I said. Russ, Benny and everyone else is extremely polite. I have never hung out at a vape shop before except this one. I have made good friends with truvape. Applause fellas! Keep it up truvape #teamtruvape #truvapefam
5	I'm in Vegas visiting from sd and the first vape shop I visited was unfortunately underwhelming. However I'm happy to say that Tru Vape was the experience I was hoping for! Great services and a great selection of accessories and mods. Benny took great care of my needs. I will certainly come back here for my vape needs
5	Great shop with great service.  Happen to be there first year anniversary when I walked in so it was packed. Still the employee/manager gave me his full attention.  A great shop over all.  Have good selection of mods, drip tips, etc.  Only thug I would say I didn't like was they didn't have five pawns or suicide bunny but they had some other premium blends.  Me bring from Houston I never heard of those companies.. Over all I would give if 5 stars.
5	Thank you Truvape! I lost the spring for my beloved mech mod while on vacation and decided to give Truvape a try and I'm glad I did. Not only did I get a new spring - they found a whole new replacement button for me so the spring wouldn't shoot out again. They went above and beyond my expectations and treated me like family. I also picked up some brand new VTC5s and some juice for at a good price. I would highly recommend stopping by Truvape (especially if your a vaper from out of town).
5	Great Shop!  I was in Vegas this past week, and realized I forgot my charger.  Since we were already in China Town, I thought I'd give this spot a try.  They had the charger I needed, as well as a great selection of authentic Mods & Atomizers.  I picked up my charger and left, and said I'd be back if I won.  Well I won a little, and made a trip back.  It was difficult to choose what to get because they had a good selection.  Ultimately I got an MMV Nano mod and some AW's.  Great selection, great price, and most importantly, great people behind the counter!  If you are a beginner or advanced, this shop's got everything to satisfy your needs.  If you're in vegas, it's worth hitting up!
5	Great selection of mods and juices. Great service as well. It's my boyfriend's fave vape shop in Vegas. I highly recommend it!!!
3	I'm an avid vape shop hopper in San Diego and while visiting Las Vegas I wanted to visit a few of the local shops.  To begin, the strip mall that Truvape is located is incredibly busy and it took roughly 15 minuets to find a place to park. The shop itself has a nice atmosphere and the employees were quite friendly. The juice selection is pretty good, but they were out of all the nicotine strengths that I vape on (6mg). I ended up buying baby pigeon by alpha vape co. (Which I can easily get in SD) only because I didn't want to spend an hour in there and walk away empty handed.
5	Awsome! The atmosphere is great, the staff is chill and helpful,  I'm new to vaping, so they have no problem answering all my questions and they give really helpful advice. Their builds are great and we'll put together compared to other vape shops I've been to. They have a great selection of juices and they let me try as many I need to help me make a great choice! If you're looking for a place to shop look no further, Truvape is the place to shop $$$
5	Good selection of juices and no limit on testing. The service here was really great, did not feel rushed in the least. Relaxing hip hop and reggae roubds out a very legit vibe!
5	This store is so on point!friendly staff,ambiance is chill and relaxed and there's never any pressure to buy anything.Just came out with a new build and purchased some juice.Even if it's a bit of a drive from where I live this place is my 'go to' vape store/lounge.never disappoints
5	By far my favorite shop in town and I have been to pretty much all of them.  They really know their stuff and are super friendly.  The guys welcome me every time I come in and are always willing to go the extra mile to help with builds or drilling a bigger hole in my RDA at no charge.  Brandon is an extremely knowledgable at building atomizers and seems to love to do it.  They have the best pre-packaged juices in town.  Their prices on hardware are as good as I have seen.  Highly recommended.  Great job guys.  Oh yeah and Boogie is the cutest dog I have ever seen.  I might have to walk out with him next time :)
5	Very good vape shop . I asked several other shops who I should visit while I was in Vegas. Several of them suggested this retailer. Friendly staff and great selection. I personally own a shop in texas so i am pretty familiar with shop details. these guys are friendly and know there stuff. like the other reviewer said the parking lot was busy but thats not something they can control. What they can control is selection and price. They do a great job with that. Thumbs Up Truvape!!
5	This place is awesome and the staff had a chill welcoming vibe. Employee who helped us was very informative and super nice. Bought 6 vape juices for 60$ which is a good price for the size and quality. So far I've only tried strawberry cheesecake and a strawberry flavored one here which are both yummy!
