3	Continuing my quest to find the best taco in Vegas... I saw this place as I was driving down Ft. Apache and pulled in to check it out. It's a pretty big place in a dead strip mall. I walked in, the cashier said hi and handed me a menu. My order:2 carne asada tacos -- the meat was tough, dry, and lacked flavor2 al pastor tacos -- very tasty and spicy. I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy food, so others would probably consider it to be mild.The tacos are slightly more expensive than other places around town at $1.25 a pop. Each comes with onions and cilantro on top. The tortillas were ok, but nothing special. The tacos were decent, but still not better than Los Parados.Their menu is big, with some breakfast items, tortas, tacos, burritos, quesadillas, seafood entrees, a kids menu, and a whole lot more. It's worth another visit just to try some of the other items. They have 3 other locations around Vegas.
1	The gringo leaving Tony's with his take-out order threw his two cents' in as we stood outside debating whether to go into this restaurant.  He said he was a Mexican food expert and this was the best.  I beg to disagree.  All four of us do.We found out about this new location for Tony's (we hadn't been to any of them before) from a Restaurant.com listing.  We had no idea of what to expect, but I certainly didn't expect it to look like a coffee shop.  On the weekends I like to go to a place with some atmosphere, and this looked like a corner luncheonette.  But based on the long drive we took to get there, and the other customer's recommendation, we decided to have dinner there.Though I, like a previous reviewer, lived in Mexico, I like wine with dinner.  They don't have it.  The drink menu is beer, or a margarita from a prepared mix.  I had the margarita, which was okay, but garnished with a wedge of lemon, not lime.  This is authentic Mexican (yes, I know there are no limes in Mexico - the Mexican lemon is lime-colored, and that's what they use, but the Mexican lemon is not as sour as ours).The waitress brought a half-filled basket of chips, and the chips turned out to be the best thing on the menu.  They're crisp, not greasy or salty, and they're small, so you don't have to waste un-dipped chip.  But, and this is a big one.  Only the first basket is free.  And you get that one basket (half a basket, in our case), whether you're one person or four, whether you order appetizers or not.  Then it's $1.50 to get it refilled.  The house red salsa was very good, if you can eat burning sauce.  Two of us loved it.  I requested green sauce, and it was a cup of water with green food coloring.  No taste, no body, just water.One friend ordered two appetizers - bean dip and guacamole.  The bean dip was refried beans WITH LARD (I asked), covered with some shredded cheese.  The guacamole was commercial and just passable; but for 1.50, I didn't expect more.I ordered the Bisteck [sic] Ranchera, after asking if it's the same meat used for the Carne Asada.  The waitress said it was, and highly recommended it.  It came out as small pieces of meat sauteed with bell peppers, jalapeno slices, and onions.  Normally I like that sort of thing.  But the meat was greasy, overly salty, and not tender, nor did it have that wonderful special flavor that a good carne asada has.  The meat had obviously been precooked, then cut up and sauteed with the peppers in a lot of grease.  I ordered corn, not flour tortillas, but I got the flour ones.My husband ordered the Sopes - two thick corn (I think) discs covered with the refried slop, some shredded chicken and lettuce, and chopped tomato.  He said it was okay.  One friend ordered the Fried Mojarra (the menu says it's tilapia, but I think it's a different fish in Mexico).  She didn't expect a whole fish, since it wasn't described that way.  But that's how it came out, head and all, and she sent it back to have the head cut off.  It was left in the deep fryer way too long and was much too overcooked and dry, close to being burned.  And she had to slog through the whole fish with her hands, since the skeleton had hundreds of bones that were too small to be able to cut with a knife, otherwise she'd be picking them out of her throat. Her husband made his own combination plate, with a taco, flauta, and tamale, which he said was dry, but okay when he added more sauce.All our dishes were served with refried beans, but we all requested Frijoles de Olla, whole beans without the lard.  They were overcooked and tasteless.  The dishes also came with the typical orange-colored rice, and that, too, was soft and mushy, and the kitchen didn't even bother to heat it up.Then the check was delivered.  Instead of a normal restaurant check, it was a register tape with absolutely no indication of what each of the long list of prices was for.  We added up the number of items we had, and we were charged for one extra item.  We could have insisted that we be given a full accounting of what all those numbers were for, but we had already spent what seemed like an eternity.  Besides, we had that discount certificate, and Yogurtland was calling us - we needed something cold and delicious to take away the bad taste.As our friend summed it up:  "This is one step up from Taco Bell."
4	this place is good. bottom line. if youre hungry for good mexican food and dont have time to deal with going to one of the fancier restaurants, this place will fit the bill. it is a sit down restaurant but you can surely order to go. you roberto's fans know you only go there because theyre only at 4 in the morning when youre drunk. that crap doesnt compare to tony's mexican food.ive been going to tony's mexican food for the past 6 years starting off at the lake mead and jones location and now go to the one on russell and ft apache. either side of town youre on, you will get your food exactly the same. its amazing that you can count on top quality food consistently from them. i started off with just carne asada burritos and they hooked me. im talking carne asada, beans, rice, and sauce all wrapped up in a good size burrito that wont leave you hungry. their birria burrito is amazing and their chicken burrito is so good too. i also get their chicken enchiladas and theyre satisfying as well. go in there and get something. get anything. you wont be disappointed.
2	This place is very close to where we work so the guys and I decided to check this place out.  Our first impressions was this was an upscale Roberto's.The place was nice and clean and the service was fast 9/10.  My water cup was always filled.  The food was a 5/10.  My flower tortilla was a little hard - I ordered the Steak / Onions with Beans and rice.  What really got me was when I got my check and we were charged $1.50 for extra chips and salsa.  We expected this to be on par with other Mexican restaurants that serve this GRATIS!  (FREE)This brought my review from a 3 star to a 2 star.Maybe we'll give this place another try after a few weeks.  We'll know better than to ask for extra chips however.  My last impression on this place was for the check.  It turned out to be about $40 after tip for a meal of three people. Kind of high in my opinion for the caliber of food we had.Another Note:They do not accept Restaurant.com Coupons anymore as of August 1, 2010.
1	I really hate going to a restaurant, really liking the food and then having to trash them for something other than the food.. I had the chicken enchilada combo, it was great. The portions were good, the sauce was yummy and the chicken was seasoned well. So we eat and get the check when my friend notices an extra charge on there for $1.50. After combing over the bill we are perplexed at what that charge is for, so we ask the waitress. Well apparently a second helping of chips and salsa in not free at Tony's. WTF?Why this REALLY irritates me is three-fold. First  if you are served chips and salsa without asking when you sit down at the table, it sets the precedence that chips and salsa are complimentary. I mean pretty much every Mexican Restaurant does it these days so its not a far stretch to assume this. Second. the waitress did not mention there was an extra charge for a second helping. That would have been nice. Duh!  Finally the serving of chips and salsa we were served was minuscule. At a $1.50 we were overcharged for the portion, I am sure their cost was something like 7 cents.That leaves me to feel like they pulled a bait and switch. Too bad, I really liked my lunch. The hair-brained policy of charging for small portions of chips and salsa cost you a star and you lose another for the waitress not saying anything to our party about it.
1	THE WORST MEXICAN FOOD EVER. I havent had anything from the place that was remotely good. I gave it two chances and horrible.  Anyone who says anything good about this place doesn't know Mexican food
4	Sit down restaurant. Good food.I like that they offer adobada tacos but don't like that they're a tad greasy. Their horchata could stand to be watered down a little bit!
4	All the food is really good! and the service is great! The prices are reasonable especially for the amount of food! I dont know what there is not to like I was shocked about the bad reviews I have tried my fair share of mexican resturants and this one is at the top of the list.
4	I have eaten Mexican food from coast to coast and actually lived and worked in Mexico for a while and I can ASSURE you If you like Robertos you will probably hate this restaurant.  If you like Robertos you have an anglo palate , which is fine , but i'll venture a guess you prefer Panda Express to China Town restaurants and Pizza Hut to a real Italian Pie .. I digress.Tony's is real Mexican food .  Portions are good sized and prices are reasonable . As with any restaurant they will have their specialties, if you are not going to order their specialties then the taste might be a bit off.  I always ask the staff what is good here when I am new to a restaurant .If you asked me what's good there I'd tell you Chile relleno Carne Asada FriesFlautas dinnerand Carnits Burrito slathered in their green sauce ! their beans are very good as a side dish as wellSo please ignore the Robertos fans and give this place a try .  it's not my favorite mexican restaurant but It's very good !
3	The food was good but when you order sopes it should always come with crema mexicana.  Service was friendly food was out quick, I like that especially when I'm on my lunch.  I'll come back again.
2	On Sundays I usually have my choice on where to eat but when my husband adds on this little phrase" just as long as there is something edible for me"....I feel guilty. He 's pretty picky so I chose Mexican food his favorite ! I wanted to try Tony's because one of my friends said it is her favorite Mexican Restaurant. What she orders here is probably fabulous but I wasn't happy with my meal. I ordered my usual Carne Asada Fries and a Beef taco . I liked the fact that they used bigger fries here but it tasted pretty generic. I'm used to my fries being loaded with sour cream, guacamole, cheese and big chunks of meat. My plate had little dollops of guacamole and sour cream on the side, The meat was tiny and overcooked. I also tried the beef taco and the meat looked juicy but it lacked flavor and the taco shells looked store bought. The service was great though ! Our glasses never stayed empty which is a big deal when we are dining out.
5	Always loved the food here. And they open at 8 AM every day. Big selection of different foods. Clean intetior.  Quick & attentive service.  And good daily specials.
3	Tony's was reccomended to me by a coworker so I had some expectations going in.  Unfortunately, the food didn't wow me.  The service was very sweet and friendly.  It's a cute place.  You sit and get served vs. the counter ordering at some other quick Mex places.  They offer lunch specials, which is always nice.  They also serve a nice variety of tasty Mexican beers.We tried sopes and tacos.  Everything was A-OK.  Nothing stood out as great.
3	Great little Mexican food fix.  I liked the spicy salsa that was brought out before the dish was served.  Nothing amazing, but for the typical southwestern US Mexican food menu, the quality was good.Would definitely get more stars if the chips were oven baked and the quacamole was more chunky style, instead of thin and creamy.  Some people like that I guess.They advertise pozole and menudo every Sabado y Domingo!  I may have to venture back for a little pozole and hopefully update my review!
2	Went about 1:00pm. Nobody in the joint but us, same when we left. It was clean, staff was very nice. When trying a new Mex restaurant, I always order the carne asada tacos. If they can't get that right, then they won't get anything right. Had 2 carne asada tacos, wife had chicken enchiladas combo. Carne asada was average, chicken enchiladas had no flavor, the rice and beans were spot on. Go figure. If you want rice and beans, this is your place. Thought combo plate was a tad pricey.
4	I've been looking for a place that serves a good coctel de campechana (shrimp,octopus,and oysters). The tatse was exactly what I was looking for. It comes in a huge glass that resembles a very heavy margarita glass. They serve it with saltine crackers, a bottle of ketchup(I didn't use the ketchup) and some lemon wedges. Its nice and cold and certainly hit the spot. The service was very friendly and my soda was always full. I will definitely recommend and visit Tony's again.
4	Solid food. Good prices. I had the Chicken and cheese enchiladas. Extremely tasty. Would come back again.
5	Awesome chili rellenos...possibly the best in town!!!  I prefer them covered in their green sauce.  Great home made chips and salsa also- though be warned that they do charge for add'l baskets of chips.  Great service!  Never crowded unfortunately. Very casual atmosphere but a step up from quick food as they do wait on you.
4	I stopped by here one day because I was craving some traditional tacos. I just moved to this side of town, and I notice it's lacking flavor, (the area not Tony's.) I ordered 4 carne asada soft tacos, 1 carne asada sope.The tacos were EXACTLY what I was looking for. The meat was so tasty and juicy with some crunchy bits in it. They were topped with cilantro and onion. They came with some limes and hot sauce. The tacos were waaaay better than Roberto's, which seems to be the only Mexican restaurant in this general area aside from Baja Fresh.The sope was good too, it had a whole tomato slice on top which was kind of weird but still good. I also got an horchata. I have been craving some homemade horchata so it was only natural I try it out. It was just okay, I think it may have tasted better a few hours prior to my arrival because it was a little watery but you can still taste the milk base and sweetness. All in all it was 10 dollars for my feast, and it was well worth the price. I got take out so I didn't get to try the chips and salsa, or the service. From what I saw, this place is pretty empty most of the time, the cashier was really friendly and the food comes out fast. Me likey.
2	Meh.The tacos were ok, but a little pricey.The enchiladas have a weird-tasting sauce and my husband didn't even eat half of them.I felt kinda queasy after and my husband got super sick.Won't be back.
3	It was early Sunday afternoon and we were out for an early dinner.  Tony's came up and we decided to stop in.  The place looked like they had had full house, every table was littered with dirty plates.  The staff came and cleaned one for us, and we placed our order.The food was good, I have certainly had better, but considering it's closer to fast food than gourmet, it wasn't bad.
4	Although not fancy, Tony's has some of the best Mexican food in Vegas.  Freshly made and consistantly good.  My office eats here once a week.
5	Good Mexican food. The coctel de camaron is a good choice. Been coming here for two years.
4	Great service. Food was delicious. The rice was really good.Went just before closing but was not hurried.
4	I love this place! Such good Mexican food and and incredible prices. Yesterday I had an al pastor torta and an al pastor taco so good, just the right amount of kick. I would give this place a 5 star but their chips are not fresh made and can be stale, the salsa on the other hand is amazing!
4	Really tasty, we cleaned our plates! Prices are very reasonable.  Great value.
4	Very good food, I think it's  better than Roberto's Taco shop Mexican food
2	The service here was Awesome but the food was sub par. It honestly tasted like something one of my cousins who was a teenager would make when her mom told her to make dinner . The guacamole was horrible and we told them but still got charged for it. The salsa was watered down and the taste did not feel authentic at all. Through my entire meal i read and re-read the yelp revies wondering if i was at a different location or something because this does not taste better the robertos and I was searching and searching for these "great prices"??
4	I thought this place was great. Service was friendly and fast....we had Nachos...Chicken Burrito and Shrimp Fajitas....salsa is fresh with great spice....prices are great too....will be back!
4	Delicious food, fast, friendly service with great prices. I recommend the chicken fajitas!
2	The best thing here is the salsa and chips.I had high hopes for this place, I honestly don't know if it was just me or wtf. I ordered a wet burrito with chicken, no onion, no vegetables, and no salsa. I always point out the vegetables because, I don't like guacamole, I don't like tomatoes, and I don't like cilantro (although it's a herb, pretty much no green on my damn burrito)Service was speedy and staff was friendly yes, but the combinations of enchilada sauce, chicken, frijoles, rice, cheese, and cilantro was not so great. The horchata was good too. Overall I would make sure you are detailed about what not to put in your food.
4	Food is very good here, absolutely no complaining on my end the portion size was perfect and the price was awesome... I had the marinated beef burrito and it tasted amazing.. Defiantly recommend stoping by and trying this food
5	I love this place!  Hands down best Mexican restaurant in town! Great service and great food what more can you ask for. must have:Chips and salsaPastor quesadilla
1	I used to enjoy this place but the last two times I've been here my food was definitely warmed up in the microwave. This last time I had a chimichanga that was soggy and soft.
4	I love there street tacos! There super cheep and delicious. The quesadilla with white cheese and beans is amazing, fills all my cravings.
4	I am so happy I found this place. It's a family business and it's very good. It's clean and their food are fresh. Unlike crappy Robertos!!!
4	I love there street tacos! There super cheep and delicious. The quesadilla with white cheese and beans is amazing, fills all my cravings. You get free chips and salsa but the extra dollar or two for the bean dip is worth it.
4	Stopped in for lunch...nice room and very good service. I had the carnitas (sp) special. Excellent. My wife ordered carne asada street taco's...fantastic. The chips were fesh and the salsa was hot. We have been here once before and had a very nice experience then also. BTW the horchata was good too. Did I mention the good service?
5	We have been going here for years and look forward to each visit! We have never had a bad experience here ever! The food is always delicious and freshly prepared.  There is a wonderful older lady who works there and she is always smiling and happy; it's always a pleasure to see her...she makes you feel very welcome.  The prices here are very reasonable and they have daily specials as well.  Whether you're dining in or getting take out, you will not be disappointed!  We recommend the carnita soft tacos or carnita plate...absolutely delicious!  Try the flan for dessert and you will be thoroughly pleased!  We definitely recommend this place!
5	no its not another roberto's. because they actually speak english and you get a beautiful waitress that always takes care of you. the food is not greasy and disgusting like roberto's. its family owned business so their is passion involved. the prices are beyond affordable. this location is my favorite because the area is still growing and it's only one of the few amazing places to eat at.
4	Me and my sister were tired of eating Roberto's and wanted to try something different. My sister came across this restaurant. She was telling me how great it was so I decided to check out the place for myself. When I walked in the place was a little small, but clean. I ordered my food to go. The taste of the food to me was great, but a little pricey in my opinion for the portion that they gave you. I thought the portions are too small for the price you pay. All in all I think the food is good, but not for the price they have.
4	Satisfying for the price point. You can't get much for $10 these days, but at Tony's you can stuff your face.  The street tacos and enchiladas verde are my favs.
1	This place was awesome because it was affordable. Now they have changed owners and they charge for everything! $1.50 per item that you want to add to a burrito. Will go to Roberto's instead.
5	Amazing authentic Mexican food. Fresh ingredients, awesome platters, quick service and amazing prices.  It's the kind of a place you want around the corner.
4	Tony's is a great little mom and pop restaurant. It's family owned, owners are super nice. Most Mexicans restaurants taste pretty much the same if you order carne asana burritos or cheese enchiladas. You have to venture to find the good stuff. Their fried shredded beef tacos are amazing. Not too greasy with Mexican cheese and peppers on top. So addictive. Also their chile verde burrito is very tasty.
4	Quick and friendly service.  I had Carne Asada taco with bears and rice.  I liked it and thought it was good and authentic Mexican food.  My friend and my husband wanted theirs to be spicier. She had pork and I can't remember what my husband ate.  The place is clean and brightly lit,  and easy to find.
5	Our new favorite spot!!!!! Been here a few times have ordered different things (my boyfriend and I) and have all exceeded our expectations :) Service is great and speedy. Love love love this place!
