4	In the Meadows mall. This location has great sales. I scored a complete World Industries for $59!!!This is my go to place for all my son's skateboard equipment--bearings,wheels,trucks,decks and more. My wife loves to haggle a good  bargain and this place will do anything to sell you something.
5	I took my 14 year old son to the mall to pick out his birthday gift. He tried on EVERY pair of skate shoes in the mall, touched EVERY board in the mall, and even tried on a couple pair of pants. When we rounded the corner and he saw the Industrial sign he got really excited. We went in and KC was behind the counter. He welcomed us and told us to let him know if we needed any help. Soon he saw us deliberating and came to assist. He gave suggestions and answered questions. After 5hours!! At the mall with my teenage son I was ready to go. KC helped him pick out a board, wheels, hardware and he built his longboard. KC was awesome!!!! I've been in customer service my entire life, I appreciate the extra attention attention KC gave to us. Thank you-
4	Went in with the boy to get some new trucks for his board. The staff was extremely knowledgable and helpful. There was no hard selling and they didn't try to sell us something we didn't need. We went ahead and got a new board as well while we were in there, as the old run was a little worn out. They sell there own brand of boards along with multiple other brands. They include grip tape with every board purchase and do custom work as well. Looking for shoes, board shorts or a hat? They carry it all. I've been in numerous times and the customer service is always top notch. Almost thought about getting a board for myself, but the thought of breaking a hip (or worse) quickly brought me back down to reality. I will definitely be back, especially around Christmas time. Great place to by gifts!
5	This is the go to shop for all my son's and my skateboard needs. I've been going to this shop for a while now and never get disappointed. Everyone is always willing to help, Adam, Casey, Daniel (caveman). All a great group of guys who not just work in the shop but skate as well. They will never up sell you and are always honest. Not to mention the shop has a good assortment of boards including Creature (my favorite) trucks, wheels and gripe tape. As far as board shops go this one is the best one in town. From cruisers to completes to custom boards you can't go wrong. If you debating where to get that next deck save yourself the time and drop in, you won't be disappointed. Real skaters working in a real skate shop - enough said.
