4	Fast Service - Good Food
2	I am a big fan of Friday's around the country.  Usually I can count on decent consistent quality.  I went to this location on Monday night and ordered a Jack Daniel's rib eye steak with their new Parmesan Fries.  My Medium-rare steak came medium well or greater.  It had a lot of fat!  I asked the manager to replace the steak.  The new steak came out at a decent temperature but was still very fatty.  The Cajun shrimp add-on didn't look like the picture (small and overly breaded).  The fries were under-cooked. I'll stick with the regular Fries.  The French Onion soup was watered down.  The restaurant was understaffed.  It is huge and probably gets filled up during Penguin games.   I was put in the bar at a table.  The bartender was the only employee in the place except for the manager (who was wiping down tables and the hostess). I'm sure someone was working in the kitchen.  As a result drink refills were very slow.   Can't blame the overworked bartender.
3	So we ate here before a Pens game because I rarely visit the Uptown/Hill District area I had no idea where else to go. We debated between here or hitting the Burgatory stand in Consol. I'm actually glad we picked Friday's, because we haven't been to Burgatory yet and the extremely abbreviated menu/pre-made food probably wouldn't have given us the best impression.  Anyway, our server was lively and the food was standard (I don't review chain food unless it's "special" in some way). We got several appetizers  and drinks -- we were in and out in 45 minutes for about 30 bucks. We got to sit by a huge window, which was excellent for people watching on 5th.
2	OK I decided to give it another chance.  Same overworked bartender.  Had me go to the bar to pay my bill.  Had the Salmon and Shrimp (Jack Daniels) dinner. It was good.  The french fries are not the typical Fridays ones.  Was disappointed.  I also got a Caesar salad and it was horrible.  I told the waiter that it wasn't right.  He said they just make a salad and put a Caesar vinegar dressing on it.  It didn't match the description or what I had at other Friday's.  He said they are a franchise.  Their prices for appetizers were higher and they didn't offer smaller portions like other Friday's. They definitely are there to grab the Penguin crowd or the Marriott/Doubletree guests. It is a large restaurant with lots of TV's.  Same manager as my December visit walking around but didn't ask how things were.  Menu looks like typical Fridays but the quality is definitely lacking.  I was just at a Friday's this past weekend in Cincinnati.  That one is definitely a lot better.
3	Crazy me tried it again.  Surprised that they shrunk the menu.  I found out this is the way this franchise will be well into the future.  What this means is a lot smaller menu.  Food wasn't bad and they actually got my order correct.   Reasonable service (different bartender than previous trips).
4	While TGI Friday's doesn't exactly offer up the best food you'll ever eat, this particular location has provided my wife and I with a little renewed faith in the chain. Would I go out of my way to go here, probably not, but we've often stopped in because of it's convenience and I've yet to regret it.First, it's a newer location, so it's open and really nice inside, which is inviting. The outside seating is a huge bonus, too! The service has been really good the few times that we've stopped in, and the food has been better than we both remembered coming out of a TGI Friday's kitchen. Now, Friday's isn't even close to the best chain, food-wise, but everyone should know that going in and adjust his or her expectations accordingly.On non-game days, it's a chill place to stop in for a quick bite, as it's never been busy while we were there. Take the nice atmosphere (inside or out), add good service and predictable food quality, and you've got yourself a fail-safe option for a quick dinner!
2	Not as good as other Fridays.  Ordered Jack Daniels ribs that say fall off the bone.  I couldn't get my knife through them. Sent back for replacement.  The replacement wasn't much better. I let them know that.  Never saw a manager.  Service is spotty. My last visit was during a Madonna concert so I won't be too hard except they brought the wrong food, overcharged me and argued with me. I had to pull out the menu.  I was told they are a franchise (which I knew) and are owned by the Consol center.  They have the same Friday's menu but the quality is poorer (fries, ribs, shrimp, salads) are not the normal Friday's quality so be warned.  I have eaten there at least 6 times because it is very close to my hotel and not much competition near by.
2	I've went once but never went back. Nothing really stuck out to me and the portions didn't fill me up. I'm a pretty small girl & was super hungry that night. I had to order a $6 brownie sundae (to share with my date) after to fill myself up -.-
3	So I came here before a concert cause we had arrived a little early.  I mean its a cool location and all, but I think their prices are a little ridiculous.  I am sure all Fridays are the same prices, but this is the first one I have ordered a drink at.  If I am paying more than $5 for a crappy well vodka drink, someone had better be holding the glass up for me.
1	For chain restaurant like TGI Firidays I set the bar very very low, that way I never leave disappointed.Service was very slow even though there were tons of waiters standing around and running back and forth.  The silver ware was spotty and could certainly use a better rinse before going into the dish washer.  When my ten year old little brother has a problem with the cleanliness of his fork you know it must be bad.  The tomatoes served in the wedge salad were rotten.  My plate had a barbeque sauce finger print on it that was not wiped off before serving. It took over 15 minutes for us to put our drink order in.  The restaurant had a damp dirty mop water smell. For my little brother and I to eat lunch and for me to have two sangria the total cost plus tip was $75.00 and I get to bring my little sister back next month for her birthday!!!  This Friday's isn't even trying to be good and way should they? They have little to no competition because they are adjacent right to the Consol and I am sure they just rake in the dough on game nights. The ribs were pretty tasty, but my fries were over salted so much so that I couldn't even eat more than two of them.  It took forever and a day for me to get my second drink.  I got exactly what I expected, junk food with an absurdly high price tag served to me very very slowly. I will say that the hostess was very sweet.  I do wonder though how many residents of the Hill District or actually filling positions at this restaurant. There is ongoing controversy as to whether out not these cooperate chains are employing Blacks from the neighborhood....from what I saw they aren't.  I would love to see some more inclusion in this Fridays...but I won't hold my breath.
2	Have been going there a lot since it's convenient and open late at night.  Choices are limited in downtown Pittsburgh.   As mentioned before the food is lower quality than other Fridays.  Service is very mixed.  Sometimes its good and many times it's horrible.  At least I'm familiar with the menu and know what I'm getting most of the time.  I have complained to Corporate several times but never heard back.  Have sent food back to the kitchen several times.
1	Worst experience ever! After about 45 mins with no food, we asked to have it boxed to go. The waiter said there were about 5 orders in front of ours!! After an hour, our food comes thrown into the containers...no Jack Daniels sauce, no ketchup etc. My co-worker asked to speak to the manager, not knowing the woman he asked was the manager. She rudely replied, im the manager and ur not going to speak to me today!! Horrible customer service! She was the only manager on duty, so after 10 mins of standing in the lobby she finally comes over to talk to us. She stated that the mayor came in with a large party and overwhelmed the kitchen! So she made everyone wait while the mayor got his food! Never going back to this Fridays again! She let us have our food for free but that doesn't excuse her rudeness and lack of customer service! 2 thumbs down :-p
1	This is the worst experience I have ever had... I sit here with a bill in front of me and the dickhead bartender hasn't even cleared my plate ... I have had two glasses of water. Simply because my ice melted into water, walked in to the bar, was ignored for 10 minutes, bartender talked to me twice in 40 minutes, and threw the bill in front of me... Fries cold and delivered by a waitress, was treated to witnessing a meltdown when the bartender ran out of glasses and was not checked on from the minute I got my food to the moment I type this ... This is the only time I've been tempted to walk out ... Simply because the bartender deserves nothing and he probably wouldn't even know for a. Hour ... Idiot central
4	I go here before Pens games or shows. Drinks are amazing and so is the food! Sometimes it's hard to get the bartenders attention...sometimes you have to walk around and find her/him. Overall, it's a cool place to come before or after events at Consol.
5	I absolutely love this Fridays in the uptown area! I ordered the Jack Daniels chicken with tomato mozzarella salad and jasmine rice pilaf, which was nothing short of amazing! The Jack Daniels sauce is to die for. I always order the tomato mozzarella salad. It is so good and it only 110 calories! The serving is rather large and the taste is unique from other restaurants' sides and is so yummy! The rice was good, though it is really high in calories (420), you'd actually save about half the calories eating fries! The rice was nothing great, so I would definitely order something else next time. The staff was really nice. We were even addressed upon leaving with "Have a good day ladies!" These simple things really do make a customer feel comfortable and appreciated. Our server was a young girl, and our table was difficult, some people making her wait as they decided on what they wanted to order, which I thought was rude, but she waited patiently and didn't show any frustration. She truly served to the best of her ability! Wonderful experience with staff! The food came out quick and refills were always replenished. My meal cost about $16, which I thought is a little pricey for chicken breasts, but that did include the sides and sauce. Although this Fridays is smaller than others, the staff and food is great compared to other Fridays and never disappoints!
