5	Moved to Henderson and the house we purchased needed interior paint desperately.  We we lucky to come across Detail Painting.  Ted and Kathy were very professional and easy to work with.  The house looks awesome.  I highly recommend Detail Painting.
5	We just moved to Centennial Springs and purchased a house. I did a lot of research before picking my painter and met with several professional painters. I met Ted and new immediately I would be going with Detail Painting. He was very nice and professional and knew what he was talking about. I loved that they didn't charge until the job was finished and you were 100% satisfied. About a month or so later we finally closed on our house and we called Ted up. Cathy (his sweet wife) came out to look at the house and my color choices. She said she could start immediately. It took only a 1 1/2 days for them to paint my 1,800 sqft house. After they finished and and we looked around, I was in complete awe of how beautiful it was.They even fixed stuff the previous painter messed up!! I was close to tears and felt they helped make my house a home. I will be calling them again soon to paint my shutters (after HOA permission). I am a customer for life!!!!! Thank you so much Cathy, Ted, Martine, Juan. You guys are the best!!!!I highly recommend using Detail Painting. They are absolutely amazing!
5	My boyfriend and I bought a house downtown and our home needed a little TLC on the exterior. We had been wanting to paint and been doing some research online. We ended up hiring detail painting since they were so highly recommended. So glad we went with them! Not only did they complete the job in a timely manner, they also did a professional job. Our house looks amazing and were truly grateful for all of their hard work. I highly recommend these guys! They're the real deal.
1	awful and ditsy, the man gave me a direct answer then when speaking with the female painter she said a different price and story, she had a hard time committing to a time and was very wishy washy. I don't know how their painting is but their business sense and professionalism was a thumbs down. my first bad review ever but sorry you want me to wait to see if you can schedule a time to do an estimate? when I called them out they had the nerve to call me difficult, its not hard make an appointment if you're booked say you're booked. I'm artist but doesn't mean you don't need common sense.
5	Cathy "the happy painter" is a very accurate tag-line in all the emails you will receive from Detail Painting.  You can also add thorough painter, detail oriented, customer focused and a dozen other tag-lines about Cathy.  She took the time to understand my needs, present an accurate quote and then commenced to execute her bid precisely as described.  Cathy and her team were always on time, always polite and went above an beyond to make sure everything was perfect.  Do not hesitate to to do business with the happy painter!
5	Hard workers wow they are great they did an amazing job on my house I will post pics tomorrow but wow am I impressed the guys were so professional and even last minute I changed my mind on the color of the trim (after they painted it) and they were very accommodating with no complaint they are awesome ..also they were very good with clean up my house is amazing thanks guys!!!
1	Called "Cathy" to schedule an estimate for some stucco repair and exterior painting. "Cathy" was a space cadet on the phone and acted like she suffers from a severe case of ADHD. I went ahead and scheduled an estimate since the ratings were so good.  "Cathy" agreed to come by on a set date for an estimate.Scheduled date came and went. Called a few days later to find out why I hadn't been contacted. I wanted to give her time to work in the estimate if she was busy. No answer. No call back. No scheduled visit. After a week I called again and left another message. "Cathy" finally called me back and after a few minutes of hemming and hawwing around told me she was sorry but she had gotten so busy all of a sudden that she couldn't even come out for a month and a half. Felt like I was being lied too by an idiot. Sorry "Cathy" but you wasted my time and I think you lied to me. I recommend people skip tis company.
5	Detail Painting just finished the exterior of my house.  I couldn't be more pleased.  Cathy helped me with picking colors (within HOA selection), it may not seem like much, but when you're single and color-blind it's a big deal.  She gave a good estimate and was finished in record time.  I give them my highest recommendation, you won't regret using them.  My neighbors are already complimenting the new look!
5	I LOVE MY HOUSE.  IT LOOKS BEAUTIFUL!  So glad I went with Detail Painting to paint the exterior of my house. They did a fantastic job.  They were prompt, cleaned-up as they went along and did a great job.  I LOVE MY HOUSE.  IT LOOKS BEAUTIFUL!  Every time I pull into my driveway, I smile as I am so happy with the way my house looks. Cathy's crew was great.  They even swept the front and back porches when they were done, leaving it better than it was when they started.   I struck up a conversation with Cathy at the paint store where we were both waiting to buy paint samples.  I ended up having her come and give me an estimate.   We got estimates from 4 different companies.  We decided to go with Cathy and her team even though she wasn't the lowest bid.  She wasn't the highest bid either.  I had read the reviews, and people raved about her work.  I am more concerned with getting a quality paint job than I am with getting the lowest cost and skimping on quality.    We used the top-quality, 25-year guarantee paint. I will definitely call her again when I decide to have the interior of my house.
5	Cathleen at Detail Painting was very kind and professional over the phone and she also asked the right questions.  I felt very comfortable with her to paint my entire home.  Cathleen and her crew came the next day and started and finished painting the house in 2 days!   Cathy and her crew has done a great job!  I highly recommend her:)
5	I am so happy with this company! We purchased a home and I was not present most of the job and Cathy was amazing on communication and timeliness and most important the details. Excellent company and very professional.
5	I contacted Cathy from Detail Painting thru email to get a competitive bid for house painting.  I also received bids from two more companies but I decided to go with Detail. I was thinking that the color ideas from a female painter would work for me and my wife's ideas. From the time we discussed the colors up to the time they completed the job, cathy and her crew acted very professionally. My wife and I are happy with their work and we have received compliments already, even from another professional painter. Great job. We highly recommend Detail Painting. I have attached some before and after pics.
5	I was looking for a painter that had the following qualities, and in this order:- Skilled- Reliable- AffordableNot only did they match my expectations, they exceeded them:- Efficient and competent- Professional and specialized- Attention to details and consideration of owner requests- Swift and immediateI have a 1200 sq ft condo that was destroyed by renters, both inside and outside on the exterior, including the stairs and railing. Cathy (the owner) and her crew, IN LESS THAN 2 DAYS, tackled every nook, cranny, corner, door, inside windows, face plates, baseboards, closets, shelves, and even an evil hallway closet that had a smell that made me sick. It was treated and the smell is gone. The corners are cut are clean, there were no paint brush marks, surfaces all smooth, there was no bleeding through the walls, and no sparse areas to be found. It was by far the best if have ever seen, and it was all within my budget.My condo, which was appraised at 99 before the paint, is now appraised at 145, thanks to Detail Paint. I can say, with full confidence, this is the BEST PAINTING COMPANY IN LAS VEGAS!! I am very grateful to this company, and I know you will be too.
5	I used Detail Painting on three separate jobs in regard to my home so far.  First was a bedroom that I wanted repainted a different color so my youngest can move into the bigger room.  Bryan, the son of the owners, was who I dealt with and he was a constant professional.  Gave me a good price on painting the room and it was finished in time.  I failed to mention that the room being painted was a surprise to my youngest who was coming home from camp.  She had been wanting to move into the larger room since her sister moved out and I kept giving her excuses as to why she can't have the room yet...I wanted to surprise her.  Bryan and his crew accommodated my request at the last minute and they did a great job on the room; no details were missed.A couple of months later Bryan and his crew came out and painted the exterior of my home, fixed the stucco damage, filled any visible cracks, and power washed the house.  Bryan was very patient with me while he helped me pick out the perfect colors for my home.  I decided on a three tone color...getting rid of the low quality off pink color paint my house once had.  The end result made my house look like a brand new home.  It's amazing what a paint job can do for your home from an aesthetic point of view.  The third time I had one of Bryan's crew members out to my house to paint 2 additional bedrooms (basically this is considered a side job); thus, helping to get rid of some dark depressing colors and replace it with some lighter tone neutral colors.  Again, Bryan made some excellent suggestions on what I was looking for and the bedrooms turned out amazing.  I highly recommend Detail Painting to anyone who is looking for a reliable company.  They are a family run business so you know the quality and care they give is genuine compared to those larger chain painting companies out there.  They clearly care for their customers!!
5	Detail painting came recommended by our realtor, and it was a great referral! Bryan was prompt and followed through with the estimate, coordination and final job in a very professional manner.  His upbeat and positive energy was appreciated throughout the process.Also, I trusted Bryan with making some judgment calls on the accents in the house and it turned out great! I had picked out some colors and he provided a few alternatives that turned out better than what I had been planning on.  I'm glad he was able to guide me in the right direction to avoid making an error that would have had to be redone.  Also, Bryan left us with a touch up kit with all of our different colors and brushes which was much appreciated.  We highly recommend Detail Painting to anyone in the market.
