3	I'm a regular Petsmart shopper.  I have a picky cat.  As long as I bring home the Petsmart brand litter, it will all stay in the box if ya know what I mean.  If I bring home something else - NOTHING goes in the box if you get my drift.  I figure that it isn't a bad deal to make.  I happened to be in the area when it was litter time, so I stopped at this location.  It's the same brand everywhere so there's no difference in product.  I just didn't get good vibes from this location in a hard to put my finger on kind of way.  Things looked a bit less organized, but not by a ton.  Things looked a bit dirty, not that I expect a pet store to pass a white glove test or anything, but more than what I might expect.  And maybe this is just a smaller store, but I was surprised the small selection of several things.  When I finally found an employee to ask a question, well, let's say that didn't go well.  I'm used to Petsmart folks being super helpful, so his, "Yea, I think we might get some this week, but we might not" attitude wasn't exactly refreshing.  So, while this location may keep my carpet safe, I'll try to keep my dollars going to one of the better all around stores in the future.
5	I LOOOOOOOVE the staff at the Metro Center Petsmart!!! Especially Kayla in Grooming!!!!!She realllllly loves my dog, takes great care of him, is always happy to see him and does such a great job with him! And Ladmo loves his special girlfriend! When we tell him he is going to go see his grooming girlfriend he gets all sorts of excited! The staff at this store is always friendly and always full of information and readily give my dog attention and pets whenever we are there :)
4	We come here alot for our Dogs. They seem to like visiting this store.The store is clean & organized very well.
4	I use to go to the Petsmart on 59th and Northern but when I was disconnected by the grooming department more than once I decided to try another one. If you can't answer the phone, why would I trust you will my dog! The staff at this location was amazing. Even though, I thought, 2 hours was a long time for a regular bath and brush with some nail grinding...he got exactly what I asked for. His paw-gress report (get it) had little paw prints to show how he did and they scheduled me again for 6 weeks. I will definitely go back, hopefully 2 hours won't be the norm, especially around dinner time....Axel came home starving.
2	Big turnover at this location...Looks like there is little training.I used them for a few months and then changed to another groomer.
1	My dog has fine hair that naturally tangles and, despite the daily brush, gets slightly matted at times in a couple of spots; when I say slightly, I mean it: I can fix it with a comb in just a few minutes. It used to be no problem when we lived in another state, where I would take her to a Petsmart salon and she would come out with a nice cut. Here, at this location, they don't bother brushing her and insist on shaving her every single time, plus they charge extra for having to deal with matted hair. It feels as if they look for the easiest way to deal with her rather than give full attention. Must off to find a more dedicated groomer.
4	Whenever I need food and other supplies for my pets this is the PetSmart of my choice.  Clean store, decent prices, friendly employees and an adoption center on-site!
4	Not a prime store or location, but the employees are friendly enough and this is one of the few places we can find the dog food we like for our two Sibes.
2	This location wasn't the worst I've been to, but it certainly wasn't the best. I expect PetSmart employees to be friendly, and happy to see me. They are supposed to inquire about the pet you are shopping for. I passed 5 employees today, and the only one that seemed even remotely happy to see me was the cashier. No one offered to help me, in fact, I don't think I saw one smile the whole time I was there. The employees at this location really need a boost in morale. I expect more from a state that is home to corporate PetSmart. There were many customer dogs in the store, and nobody was petting them! Tragic! How could you not greet a dog with a wagging tail? In general, this PetSmart just was not a fun place to be. I worked at the highest performing PetSmart in the country for many years, so I know exactly what to expect from a good PetSmart. This location doesn't even come close to being awesome. As for prices, eh... They are a little high, but made a good effort at offering many items on clearance. This is going to hurt a little PetSmart, but this location feels like a Walmart. Step it up, before the other chain in town steals your thunder. Don't be afraid to give a dog a scratch behind the ear, either!
