1	I am trying to be kind, but not a great experience, online, in person, or dining with/at NakedPizza.I had gotten their flyer extoling all their virtues before the holiday break recently, and so the weekend seemed like a good time to try them.No online coupons, nor flyer coupons, but I tried both regular and thin crust with both pepperoni and mushroom toppings.  I used their website, which was not especially intuitive, nor fast on updates-- as compared to other pizza places--  and it ended up getting the order wrong, so I called the place and they could not modify the order at all, and ended up doing an entire new order, cheerfully.  They got the total wrong, but then adjusted it with a managers [?] help.  My pizzas were ready ontime, however, there seemed to be a lack of individuals who were able to help me.  While quite a few of the employees were standing around near the front desk, they did not offer to help, nor seemed to be doing anything in the back.  When one of the front counter girls got free from phone, they did give me the pizzas and I was on my way.Alas, after all the hype and wait above, both pizza's, while warm, and reasonably fresh, did not taste it.  The touted 12 grain crust actually tasted like bad wheat bread, with very little flavor.  The sauce was nearly invisible, and did not add to the pizza.  Same for rest of toppings -- basically a very dull, if neutral note.  Neither crust was crispy, nor tasty, or had any good texture to it.I can not blame the company, as perhaps this is their "all natural way"  but when compared to many other pizza places, both cheap and expensive I have been to, I can not ever recommend this place/their pizza's again.It was not just me, I had friends over, and the vote was uniamious, with the comment  "Freschetta frozen is better than this!"I am trying to think of any redeeming values, but I can not.  I think you should avoid this place, and seek your pizza nirvana elsewhere -- Pizzeria Bianco is quite good, as is Grimaldi's [the one by BluBurger and Flemings]
4	I, fortunately, had an experience unlike Andrew G's. We live in the area and got the flyer at our front door, as well as saw the sign twirlers on the street corner, letting us know they were now open. I ordered our 2 pies online on a Saturday evening and had no issues. No coupons, but that was okay, as the prices are reasonable as is. When I picked up my pizzas, they had just been boxed. There were several customers in the store, as well as several employees. A couple we looking over the menu, one talking with a couple employees, and a few at the 3 iPads they have against the wall. I'm not sure what they all are for, but I do know you can place your order through them. The staff was friendly and attentive and even suggested that I register my email to receive specials and updates (so maybe coupons will be coming around!). The pizzas were tasty and not heavy. The pepperoni was thinly sliced, so some pieces were pretty crisp (which is a good thing). I find some pizza joints have a sweet sauce and/or crust, but Naked's was not either. The crust was soft, and although it had the "healthy-full-of-grains" taste, it was very good. The original crust was not thick at all - maybe other joints would even consider it to be equivalent to their "thin" crust.I love pizza, and I am glad to have a good place so convenient to home (yes, there is Brother's, but their pizzas contain too much sugar)!P.S. Take out or delivery only.
1	Disclaimer: This restaurant has not been open very long and certainly does not have all of the kinks ironed out.  That being said, it's Pizza and how hard can it be?  Ordered a large, "skinny" ancestral blend crust  Smokehouse (BBQ sauce, onion, dbl chicken.  Pizza was burned in some spots around the perimeter of the crust and pretty dry.  Flavor was just ok, I've certainly had better and will take Papa Murphy's over them any day of the week.  They seem to be trying to pull of a natural version of Papa Murphys with a "whole foods" slant.  It's take out only which is fine with me considering that we have a ton of great pizza places around 85083-Phoenix that are both sit down and take out.
4	Love my pizza Naked! Let's start by saying that I'm just excited to get SOMETHING in the neighborhood that isn't the same ole' same ole' that is on every street corner in Phoenix. So I awaited Naked Pizza with anticipation. I expected it to be busy Friday night when I pulled in. I found a parking spot right up front. I was surprised that there was no seating and it is take out/delivery only. But that's ok if it is tasty! We asked for suggestions and we were given a couple of recommendations. We ordered a 10" Superbiotic and a 10" BBQ chicken both on original crust. There were a few people in the lobby and ordering. It was clear that they were buzzing around like bees in the back keeping up with orders and the warming oven was full to the brim with boxes of pizzza so they were clearly very busy. I waited about 7 minutes for the pizza and we were on our way. We were very happy with the in-store service. When we got the pizza home I was even more impressed. I found the crust to be absolutely delicious. The Superbiotic was as yummy as any $19 smaller pizza in any wood-fired joint. The crust was tasy and good...Now I'm not a huge pizza eater. My favorite is a White pizza....but this I ate every single solitary morsel of. None left for the dogs or anyone else! I was back Sunday and Wednesday. Welcome to the neighborhood Naked Pizza!!
5	We just moved into this neighborhood, and called them for the traditional moving pizza.  We were shocked at how good it was, and the ridiculously fast delivery.  21 minutes from the phone call to delivery.The quality of the pizza is excellent, and the ingredients are fairly generous.  When we asked for garlic, we got a generous portion of nicely caramelized garlic chunks, which was just phenomenal.Since that first night we've ordered three more times, and been very happy with it every time.
4	My full frontal assessment: they make a really good pizza, definitely different from the stuff you get from most pizzerias. It's easy enough to order: you choose a size, a crust (gluten-free is available, yay!), and the toppings: "flora" includes unconventional choices such as black beans and cilantro; "fauna" includes the usual meats plus hamburger; choice of 3 kinds of cheese - mozzarella, cheddar, feta; and red, white, or BBQ sauce. With so many good things to choose from, it was a tough choice for me but since I had just come from a gym workout I decided to go with one of the favorites: the superbiotic, and I ordered mine with gluten-free crust rather than their regular 10-grain crust. I loved how the individual flavors stood out - garlic, artichoke, red onion, cilantro, peppers ... a true gustatory (and healthy) delight! The crust was just a tad overly firm at the edges but that is a common characteristic of baked goods made from gluten-free dough, since wheat gluten is what gives baked goods their "springy" texture. I'm definitely a fan and look forward to future post-workout guilt-free tasty rewards from this place.
5	My new favorite thing! Love the pizza here sooooo much. You get to eat your pizza and not feel like a hog after!
2	The TRUTH is Freaky chemicals ARE ADDED to fortified the "healthy pizza" I have a problem with no freaky chemicals are added as the website says but the truth is they do add probiotics to the crust.We've recently tried the thin crust pizzas and found the crust flavorless sort of like a matzoh cracker but sort of like a tortilla with a burnt edge.The sauce is almost flavorless , how do you take out flavor from tomatoes? I don't know? I threw my own seasonings on to make it taste better.Mozzarella cheese that is lightly topping the pizza is almost flavorless.I think this is extremely expensive considering you only get a (basically) 10in tortilla for $7.50 with almost nothing on it if you order one topping. This pizza wasn't filling one bit either for the first time in my life I ate a whole pizza. (I normally only eat one or two slices maybe three if I am pigging and the pieces are small)We are not fans and my husband had high anger issues after trying this pizza he kept screaming to me to only give one star but I think maybe it deserves two stars?  only because it isn't as bad as others I've tried near here , at best I think this is only suitable for appetizers when you are having guest if you can't cook.ALSO ONLY TAKE OUT OR DELIVERY no sit in dining
2	It is OK, but really not all that good tasting.  I don't care one way or the other about the manufactured "healthy hype"...it is pizza and when I eat pizza, I just want it to taste good. Again, it is just OK, but truthfully, the Little Caesars $5 pizza tastes much better.
5	X
5	Got the 12" regular hand-stretched crust with light cheese, pepperoni, half mushroom, half pineapple for 2 people for $13.00. WOW pleasantly surprised because you can talk up your natural goodness and high-quality all you want, but if it tastes like cardboard with healthy ish on it.. who gives a fudge?!?Crispy flavorful crustEvenly distributed high-quality toppingsGood sauce flavor and amountBest cheese I have had on takeout pizza stringy not congealed real mozzarellaLoved the clean flavors, cheap price, and quick 10 minute takeout.  let's go here and keep this business in the valley.  Don't let it slip through our fingers like the Churro Station did.You will love it, you will not regret it.  Pleeease and thank you :))
1	Naked Pizza sucks. 1. I called in my order, told them it would be pick up. Went to pick up, they couldn't find order & turns out it was currently being delivered to my home. They were rude & blamed mistake on ME and would not refund any money. They left the pizzas at my home & I got home 8 minutes later to a pizza on the doorstep with a confused delivery girl, asking me to pay (even though it was already paid for). She had to call the store to clear up mistake (meanwhile, it's not 6:40p and my pizza was "ready for pick up at 6:10p- so it's now cold). She left, we were extremely pissed and Naked did NOTHING to make it better. 2. Opened the now cold pizza. On a large pizza, there were probably 9 pieces of sun dried tomatoes, which looked like it needed at least 30. Obviously, a way to save money. On another pizza the pepperoni created so much grease it looked un-appetizing. 3. Pizza tasted like death. Crust was gross, toppings were burnt, blah. Have you ever eaten a cold naked pizza? Don't. 4. After feeling gross from eating blah tasting pizza & thoroughly pissed off for having a ruined Friday night (should also mention we had friends over for a diamondbacks game- and EVERYONE was disgusted & now HATES naked with a passion) we called Naked. Woman, young manager was extremely rude. After a long (5 minute) phone fight she finally refunded our money. 5. Great marketing idea, but just disgusting. 6. Honestly: dominoes (gross) or pizza hut (sick) or even frozen pizza taste ten times better.
