4	I received a gift certificate here and decided to use it on the microdermabrasion/facials.  I was a virgin to the whole facial world but now I'm addicted. I wasn't sure what all "microdermabrasion" consisted of.  It sounds rather harsh and scary (esp since I saw that episode of Sex and the City when Samantha stopped in for a quick mircodermabrasion session and she was the color of a lobster).  I was proven wrong.  It's basically a deep facial.  There is no downtime and no harsh redness; instead you get to enjoy a series of relaxing deep cleaning facials that come complete with a neck and shoulder massage!   They import this awesome cream from Italy that makes your skin look amazing (unfortunately we cannot buy it retail in the US)!   Priscilla knows skin care and I will certainly be back for more sessions soon.
1	Worst place ever.  It was good when Elizabeth was there, but the new nurse has no clue what she is doing.  Ginny, if you are a nurse and certified, that doesn't mean that you are an "aesthetician" or that you are creative and artistic and know how to work on a woman's face.  Ginny ruined my face for me, and now my eyes are droopy and have wrinkles appearing in places they never did before.  My eyes are also asymmetrical, and my forehead is frozen. I had to go somewhere else and pay an extra 1000 dollars to fix what this already expensive place had done to my face.  Still, the new aesthetician could not fix what the nurse in this place had done to me.  Also, the boss is so mean and kicks out clients if she does not like them, yet she ruins other peoples' faces.  Please do not go there, or go if you want to end up looking like a clown.  This place should not be operating at all.
5	Very professional office staff and they are open on Saturdays!  Ultrasound Lifting Facials by Priscilla are INCREDIBLE- my skin looks great.  They also offer Laser Hair Removal, Botox, & Vitamin B shots at a discounted price. Looking forward to my next appointment.
5	Very professional office staff and they are open on Saturdays!  Ultrasound Lifting Facials by Priscilla are INCREDIBLE- my skin looks great.  They also offer Laser Hair Removal, Botox, & Vitamin B shots at a discounted price. Looking forward to my next appointment.  Update:  I just had my second appointment with Ginny for vein sclerotherapy. (Only $250) My ugly leg veins literally vanished in front of my eyes. I am so pleased with the results!
5	I've been doing laser hair removal here for quite some time now and it's been a good experience.  The generally have availability that suits me and the aetheticians are very nice.  I initially started here with a Groupon and since I've continued treatments past the Groupon deal, they've given me a reduced price for current treatments.  Definitely recommend!
5	I value customer service and satisfaction above all and this place delivered. They will do everything to see you happy and content. I was blown away by their laser machine because it's painless and natural. Their prices are a little above average, although I come from California where laser hair removal is dirt cheap. They have good prices for Arizona. I definitely recommend this place. They have state of the art equipment and excellent customer service!
5	I discovered this place on Yelp and I'm hooked. I'm halfway through my treatment and I am seeing fantastic results. The technicians who work there know exactly what they are doing. I loved Robin and Nancy!! I highly recommend this place if you're looking to get laser hair treatment. They're affordable, offer discounts, and care about their clients.
1	I do not give 1 star reviews lightly, but this business is beyond unprofessional.  Their business practices seem to change with the mood of the owner, and it is the customers who suffer.
