5	As I've stated in my other tobacco shop review, I got into pipe smoking for research I was doing, so I gained firsthand knowledge about pipes, tobaccos, and pipe smoking as a "culture."  Of the tobacco shops I've been to, this one is the most "sophisticated" as far as appearance; it has that masculine air you expect of a smoker's lounge.  This place is relatively small (read: cozy) and the staff are friendly.  The humidity-controlled room containing the tobaccos and cigars was clean and organized, but the tobacco selection was T I N Y.  I think they had maybe three to six types (I'm leaning towards three).  I bought my first pipe and tobacco here, which was fun.Not all Havana Cigar Companies are created equal. I went to one on Paradise Rd and was shocked at the total disarray of their tobacco collection. The location at MonteLago doesn't appear to sell anything but nice-quality basics for pipe smokers, but that was fine for me.  I'd go back to enjoy the lounge if I were still a pipe smoker.
1	Firing Frank the bartender- worst business decision ever!!!
1	This review is for customer service attitude.This cigar club is located right next to the Ravella hotel and we were just lucky enough to stay the nights where they have a horrid horrid horrid (yes it's that bad) band playing live music right at bedtime.I don't know how it is in Las Vegas with the noise level but in California, restaurants/clubs right by residences follow a strict quiet policy after 10pm. I have seen police being called to clubs when residents complain.Apparently they do not have that in Las Vegas.The band started playing at 8:00pm and the first night -Friday, they music went on till midnight. Other people in the hotel had also called our hotel front desk to request that the bar turn the music down. Really, how loud does it have to be when you have tall buildings surrounding the stage to amplify sound anyway?  I had called the bar myself and ask to speak to the manager personally.Blair, the manager told me that she personally turned the music down twice and that she was watching the meter. She couldn't turn it down any further because she has to run a business. Might I remind you, there is no business running to be had if there are no people staying at the Ravella so a little consideration might go a long way.She also added that there are other restaurants playing live music and she enumerated them one by one. How professional of you to try to place blame on others too. These other establishments were a good distance from the hotel and their music can barely be heard. I would have at least been pacified if Blair had been nice about saying she had to run a business, but no, she was pretty rude. If you're going to risk irritating and keep guests up with loud music, at least let it be good music! I don't know about you but why would I want to patronize a place where management are inconsiderate to people that COULD  have come invariably to the establishment. Thank god what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. I check out tomorrow. Goodbye and good riddance.
1	HORRIBLE and OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD MUSIC, BAD STAFF ATTITUDE, UNACCOMMODATINGLY UNREASONABLE to the Ravella hotel guests.  REFUSE TO PATRONIZE THIS PLACE AND TELLING ALLLL MY FRIENDS TO AVOID IT WITH A 6 FOOT POLE.
