4	A great place for a martini. The list is creative and extensive. Go to dance with friends or sit in the lounge areas. Always a good time.Ladies are free!!!
3	Three and half stars. I like Devil's North slgihtly more than I like the one in Old Town, but mostly because it is a little more spacious outside and allows a little more room to breathe. There is still the ever-present BALCO contingent, the old guys with money, and the grubbers, but if you go amongst friends, grab a table to yourselves and you might actually have a pretty good time.
4	I had so much fun here.  Now this might have been because my friends and I indulged in some herbal pre-partying or maybe because it was 2 for 1 night (Thursdays).  Either way the party didn't stop till one of my group puked in the bathroom, then in the flower pot, then in the cab...7 shots of patron for $36.  That is a steal if you ask me.  Plus there are lots of fun places to dance on.  Which is a plus when you are 3 drinks and a shot deep and looking for some fun!
4	great on Thursdays when its 2 for 1 drinks (parlay), they make a good ManhattanI prefer this to barcelonaIf you go try not to get clawed, scratched, stabbed or dragged. cougars are violent.nice patio, eclectic music (though not PCL level eclectic)
3	Um, yeah.So this place has lots of potential...the decor was nice, it was really big, lots of bars to go to, and places to chill and places to dance.  But it was a really bizarre experience.  It was like fraternity party meets bad cheesy wedding.The DJ was just awful,  AWFUL.  Maybe he should download better songs from Itunes or perhaps try really mixing songs.  During a "remixed" song my husband turned to me and said "wait, maybe he is mixing."  I looked up and his hands were by his sides.  "No hun, he just downloaded a remix."  Basically he alternated playing songs that are on my workout mix with standard wedding favorites (she's a brick, houuuuuuse...she's mighty mighty...)  which is fun and all but I wasn't wasted like some of the patrons were.  We got there shortly before 10pm (no cover btw) and there were definitely people WAY too drunk for that time of night.  I won't lie it was fun watching the drunk girls flop all over the place as its been a long time since I've seen that but I was almost embarrassed for them.  If I have a nickel for everytime I said "ohhh, and she goes down!" I may have had enough to buy myself one of their drinks.Which brings me to my next point.  The drinks.  I ordered a mojito martini which tasted exactly like certs that have been sitting in someone's pocket for a week.  It was disgusting.  I drank  3/4 of it and my husband was surprised I made it that far.  Despite the fact that the menu said it was made with 10 Cane Rum I clearly saw the bartender put Bacardi in it.  (There is a HUGE difference....I feel the way about rum that most people feel about vodka.)  And it was made with mojito mix.  I had no idea there was such a thing.  If there is anything that ticks me off more than bartenders measuring alcohol with a shot glass its drink mixes that can be made yourself.  The drink was so sugary my hands were sticky!  (I hate sticky hands.)  I felt like I put my hands in pancake syrup.  The crowd was, um, eclectic.  Yeah, that's a good word.  I don't understand why you get all dressed up and wear flip flops then I can't understand why you can't keep them on and prefer to  take them off and be barefoot.  Ick.  If my hands were that sticky I don't want to think about what the floor was like.  The drunk girls all over the dance floor were amusing, the guy openly humping his lady friend (legs spread eagle and all) at the bar was Klassy.  Since it's so close to where we live and so many people seem to like it I'm willing to be cautious here and give it another shot.  These three stars are generous and its just because I feel like this place has so much potential....maybe on a night with a different (real?) DJ.   Or, maybe the problem was I was driving that night and I wasn't drunk to the point of smacking my friend's ass and falling all over the dance floor.
2	Hey guys if you're looking for a cougar (read: a sexy older sugar mama), Devil's Martini is your den. The place is filled with older women in their late 30s to late 40s on most weekend nights who are on the prowl. The music is loud, but the crowd doesn't seem to care. And while the word 'martini' is in the bar's name, you're still going to see a lot of people drinking beer. Personally I find this bar cheesy. And parking is riddiculous on the weekend. If you're looking for a fun dance club, try the Devil's in downtown Scottsdale.
3	Dont drink the martinis.  Ick.  Two for one?  I couldnt even get through my first.  Way too sweet and where is this booze you speak of?  And yes, Kristin, sticky hands!!!  Gross.  Actually my thoughts on Devils North are very similar to Kristin's...  I cant figure out why/if I like this place.  It really does have a ton of potential and some really great bathrooms and you know how that scores big points with me.  But the music is way off (we definitely thought "wedding music" at some points last night) and the crowd doesnt hold a candle to the Old Town location's clientele.  Older, worse dancers, and 30 somethings trying to relive their 20s.  Annoying.  Why is everyone so damn drunk (and thus, yes, humping each others legs...I saw that too, WTF)??  Thursday happy hour.  Look past the faux fancy martini menu and go for whatever usually floats your boat.  EVERYTHING is 2 for 1 all night long.  The food is actually pretty good too if you need some sustanance...they have some ridiculous deal for happy hour like you can pick 3 tapas/salads for $12 or something.  Go ahead and eat, or after your third double Goose and soda you might be the one humping legs on the dance floor.  Good layout of the bar, dont have to wait too long for drinks, clean bathrooms with attendant, usually free bottled water on the way out.  No cover before 10pm...$10 for guys after 10pm.
4	Lots of rich divorcees with plastic parts looking to have a good time with guys half their age with no strings attached.  Nuff said.
1	1.  It's a bar in a supermarket complex.2.  And I got turned away at the door tonight, because I was wearing dark nondescript sneakers. 3.  Did I say it's a bar in a supermarket complex?I was to meet some co-workers here tonight, my first time out socializing in Scottsdale.  Since the evening weather dropped to below 70, I changed out of my shorts and flip-flops and dusted off my Bay Area hipster gear (long sleeve jersey tee, blue jeans, nondescript black sneakers, and jumped onto the 101.I was looking for some trendy area, with little boutique stores, restaurants, bar scenes and bums asking for spare change.  Instead, I was greeted by gas stations, a CVS Pharmacy, a crowded parking lot (with, oooh!, valet parking!), and a long line to get in.When I got to the front of the line, I was carded.  No problem with that.  Then the bouncer got a whiff of my god awful sneakers and kicked me to the curb.  Are you kidding?  A supermarket bar with a no-sneakers policy?  "Heavens forbid we allow any riff-raff in our fine establishment!" had half a mind to put up a real stink, but instead called my friend inside and had a loud-mouthed ranting conversation with him about the idiot policy, while the other line-standers looked at me uncomfortably.I should just stay in Tempe and party with my students...
1	The human race has jumped the shark.
3	So I walk into Devil's Martini; I hear that Thursday night is the night to check this place out. Didn't have any issues walking in and the bartenders were quick with the drinks. It's 2 for 1 all night after all.The crowd is typical of any major metropolitan area. You've just got to have your posers, hipsters, et all.....it's just the law of averages. The people watching here is fun though. Mr "Too tight shirt" and Ms "Really shouldn't have worn that dress", were very well represented.I did have one server who was a total wench, ironically named Angel, have ridiculous attitude when I ordered a drink from her. Guess she didn't want the tip money.Not an awful place by any stretch, although one should have an understanding of what they're walking into.
5	This place is super funny and fun!  Devil's Martini North is one of the best places I have found for a great happy hour and even greater people watching.  This place has two for one amazing martini's (I LOVE a great martini) on Thursday nights from four to six p.m. There have quite a great selection from the straight dirty martini to the Godiva Chocolate martini to the Bananas Foster martini and everything in between. The outside seating is comfy couches, but get there early 'cause they fill up fast. The crowd is pretty diverse.  You have the young 20 somethings, normal people in their 30's and others.  The best are the 40 to 50 something recently divorced North Scottsdale Cougars in their Dolce and Gabbana Jeans and their ultra high Jimmy Choo heels!  It is hilarious to watch them get more and more liquored up and teeter back and forth as they flirt with the bus boys and get more and more confused on who is a customer and who is an employee.  It would be hard to confuse the two as the staff wears black Devil's Martini t-shirts, and the customers have to abide by a dress code (no flip flops kids).  It's a great scene to watch!  There are also free yummy hor'ordeurves as well on Thursday nights.  Go for the martinis and get hooked on the people watching.  This place is fun!  Although, I may find it fun for all the "wrong" reasons.  Ha ha!  Seriously, though, check it out!
4	The dance floor is big and open, and offers some of the BEST people watching. It's one of those places where you can celebrate with friends or strike a conversation with someone new (and cute). I like the patio but I wish stinky smokers would just stay home. I'm grateful for the indoor smoking ban so I'll take what I can get. It's one of those places where I know I will always have a good time and funny stories to tell at the office on Monday.
1	1 of 5 and 1 of 1. .....Part 2 of 2Welcome my 'Duo' review. Two bars, one of the best and one of the worst in the valley. A great example of opposites.  I hope you enjoy reading both!First off let's touch on the name. What the 'H-E-Double Hockey Sticks' does the name Devil's Martini mean or refer to? The first, most important detail in opening a bar is the name. I don't know who came up with the name but they should have slept on it. My guess is that the name was decided upon after many drinks and shots and somehow sounded good the next day after some aspirin and Gatorade (or rather Red Bull).I always enjoy a bar who shares a parking lot with a strip mall (grocery store, drug store, a few banks, etc), I didn't see them but what did they do with the train tracks? I know I must have crossed them going to this location. So parking and walking up there was no one in line, my mistake I walked up to the right. I was then told by the bouncers to get into the line on left. I said "what line"? His response was that I was in the VIP line. I responded, "what line, I'm the only one out here beside you guys". So I walked over and stood in front of the rope. I waited a minute then after my ID was checked I proceeded to enter. On your way in you pass the patio, Pottery Barn coffee tables and couches, dusty flat screen TVs, kids drinking Red Bull and Vodka. I then paid my cover.  I don't understand a cover charge here? Cover for what? Does Safeway charge a cover too, their rent  /sq foot is probably the same.Upon entering I see a large bar that shares drink orders from the patio and interior bar, with people 2 deep waiting to order their drinks or waiting to place an order. I have never understood waiting to place a drink order for more than a minute or two. First, I'd rather be at a bar that treats me like a guest, so I don't have to stand next to an attractive girl to get the bartenders attention.  Secondly, why would a bar want their guests to wait to order a drink? Doesn't it make sense to get the drinks to guest quickly? How many sales are they missing out on? How much more money would the bar make selling drinks quickly and possibly making an extra sale in the time it takes the guest to get the order in? Additionally, guests don't like waiting for drinks, so they'll take their business elsewhere, to the bar's competitors! The place is a box, bar on either end separated by a dance floor in the center. With the usual, or rather typical Scottsdale white pillars. I've got to ask, what is up with Scottsdale and Greco/Roman white pillars? Is it a design necessity when opening a bar or a club in Scottsdale? There is a third bar elevated on one side that does not seem to get as much attention as the main and the rear. There are VIP tables, but that's it, just rentable tables, nothing to brag about. I'm guessing because it is Scottsdale the owners felt like they needed a VIP something in the bar. Servers are slow, I wouldn't knock them but at few points it was more important for them to socialize among themselves then to get to you. So the answer between going to the bar and fighting your way to the bartender or waiting for table service is up to you, its slow either way.Waiting to order my drinks was not worth the wait. I don't know why bartenders think they are doing you a favor by over pouring alcohol in a mixed drink. If you order a Jack and Coke and you get a Jack with a splash of Coke what's the point in ordering a Jack AND Coke? Wouldn't the guest order a Jack with a splash of Coke if that is the drink they wanted? A drink poured professionally is just that, a drink with a sense of balance. I don't know who trains the bartenders but they're awful, for the guest and owners. How much money in extra alcohol are they pouring out? How much more money could the bar be making by training its bar staff better? I've got idea, pour drinks right and eliminate the cover charge, the owners wouldn't be losing any more money, and the guest would spend the money on an extra drink, if they can actually make it to the bar to order one. Drinks are not cheap; you're going to spend some money here, $8-$12 per drink, so you're paying Scottsdale prices in a strip mall bar.My question is why people come here. It's got to be to people watch. Honestly, watching people was mildly entertaining for a short time, 45 year old guys approaching girls who looked like they used a fake ID to get into the place was fun to watch. Three guys doing shots and one deciding it was closer to hop the fence in the patio to get his car rather than leave through the exit (I hope he didn't drive himself to the ER). I did see 2 bachelorette parties, both swarmed by stumbling, incoherent guys; that was funny too. But then I realized it wasn't Devils Martini that provided the fun and entertainment is was the drunken idiots that pulled the night off for me. I give the crowd 5 STARS!
1	The place is a joke.  It thinks it's about 5-6 miles south in old town, but forgets that it shares a parking lot with Safeway and a bunch of other stores.  This was the first time (and hopefully the last) I paid $10 cover and $10 a drink while parking next to a shopping cart return.They make a feeble attempt to prop the lace up as a destination, but once you're inside, you tend to wonder why there's a dress code.  Are they really that offended by toes?Thankfully, there are several places nearby that are more fun- with no cover no less- so location saves it.  You can have far more fun at Sand Bar, Ernie's, Tapino, and Dirty Dogg.
5	Been going here since it opened, 5 yrs ago.  LUV the ambiance, the decor, patio, dancing, service, food & drinks.  You can't beat their happy hour.  If you want quiet time, go Thur or Fri early, patio is nice, or at any of their 4 bars.  Food & drinks 1/2 off - Wha~Hoo.  Place totally changes vibe by 9pm, older crownd leaves, in comes younger girating hips.
4	Came here with an older friend of mine (Rick) on a friday night. Got here aound midnight and the crowd was in full swing. Love the open air bar and the seating outside was very enjoyable to escape the masses of people inside. Something very interesting happened to me on this night that I need to share. My friend went to the bathroom and I was left kinda standing at one of the bar tables doing some people watching and drinking at same time. A lady came up to me and grabbed my hand. She said "Pretend that you know me"...so I abliged and acted like I knew who she was. She said she was with a guy but had to come over and talk to me! She opened my hand and put a piece of paper in my hand saying that she wanted me to call her. I loked over her shoulder and noticed this poor sap at a nearby table kinda looking my way. I felt bad for him so I took the paper, said good bye to the lady and watched her as she walked back to him. My friend Rick came back and I said " your never going to believe it but....."  Now the real kicker is that Rick is single and dying to meet a girl. The look oh his face was priceless! To make a long story short I gave him the phone number and told him to call. He proceeded to call her literally as we left the club. I was laughing so hard that I didnt notice him saving her number to his phone. Fast forward a few days to find out that he called this girl atleast 10 times in 2 days! She finally said that she wanted to meet me and not him. So goes the story of Rick's life! Classic!
4	This place is great if you just want to get drunk and dance...seriously:) Thursdays are, in my opinion, the best because it is is a slightly younger crowd than who is normally here (apparently old people can't party on a week night), and the drinks are two for one (always nice on my wallet). They play a wide range of dancing music from Journey to Lil' Wayne, but mostly I just like the overstuffed white couches out on the patio. They are perfect for when your stilettos start to hurt or you have had one to many vodka sodas and need a rest. The doorman, Vince, is such a sweetie, he always remembers me and I never have to wait in line or show my ID, something I appreciate since I frequent this place. The bartenders are pretty quick too, especially for how crowded it can get. Usually I just order my usual Ketel One and soda, but I have noticed they have a pretty great looking martini menu as well, how apropos:)
1	I have been to this bar for happy hour a couple of times after work. They have good Martini specials and they are tasty too! Everything sounds great up to here. So you must be thinking " why would I give this place only 1 Star?" Here is where I draw the line_____________________________- I went last Friday Feb 6th, now when we go for happy hour on Friday night I come straight from work. Since Fridays at my work are casual, I had my casual clothes on (jeans, button up shirt, DC shoes) Myself and about 10 other people were waiting in line to get in, when I got up to the front, I was turned away because, and I quote " You can't wear those type of shoes in here" He then informed me that "Skater shoes aren't allowed". I asked what kind of shoes are allowed? he said anything but "skater shoes" So I said if I had flip flops on that would be ok? he said "yep". So we peaced out of there and I'm never going back. The End
2	What is going on at Devils Martini North???  It has continually gotten worse over the last year.  The DJ is terrible, the crowd has changed.  I understand they recently lost their food license.  It is not our go to place, but since we are friends with the manager we like to stop in...But I don't think we will be able to anymore.  Devils North has just gotten so bad!
3	My husband and I went to Devils on Friday night for happy hour, the martinis & appetizers were 2-4-1, so 9.50 for 2 martinis, which was a good deal. We tried the French Devil, Grape Lemon Drop, and a Passion Fruit martini, The Passion fruit one was better than the others. The appetizers were also half price, we tried the sliders, crab cakes, and chicken quesadilla, none of the appetizers were any good, we ended up trying a bite, and leaving the rest. The chicken in the quesadilla and sliders were dry & the crab cakes were tasteless. The martinis were ok, but not that great. The music was good!
4	By far my favorite place to boogie the night away, it is the quintessential 30 something spot. An inviting patio with white chaise longues, couches, and love seats, with access to the high priced bar, is a wonderful way to start the night, and welcome patrons to what to expect within.Before continuing on, there a few things to note and to remember:There are two locations; north on shea blvd. and scottsdale rd., and in old town on 4175 N. Goldwater.Old town location:Pros:-Ladies always get in free, no matter what time of night.-Sandwhiches, bottled water, and roses await the patrons as they leave the bar at the end of the night, gratis.-Music is very diverse, and bound to please every patron at least onceCons:-Dance floor is so packed by 11pm you can forget about venturing out there-Crowd is younger, college age crowd-Sometimes you can stand in line for an hour, because they pack them in and don't send anybody packing- if you are looking to sit back and relax, forget it! there's too many peopleNorth Location:Pros: -Two for One Drinks all day and all night on Thursdays, until 8pm on Friday-all appetizers are half off on fridays until 10p-More space-Mature crowd, see more thirty somethings and up-Music evolves and alternates all night from techno, rock, disco, to hip hop, middle eastern, salsa...-Food served until 10pm, and it is delicious!Cons:-I can't think of anyHaving stated the previous... Devil's is posh, 80% of the patrons are dressed to the nines and looking like they just got airbrushed, everyone is friendly and just wants to partake in the baccinalia, the drinks are strong (though pricey), the dance floor is flooded with john travoltas and pussycat dolls, and half the people there are looking for late night rendez-vous.There is a VIP area with its own bar, where the DJ booth is located.  Three other bars are found within the club, and there are also private cabanas for rent.  With the cabanas, you have private table, curtain optional, with a bottle of Dom P. and 10 of your closest friends, which is $300.  Basically, you are paying $30 per person, and they get in free at the door and get to drink your expensive champagne, too.I have met and boogied with some of the most interesting characters...Physcial therapists in training from Scotland, Aussie backpackers, multi-million dollar entrepreneurs, and a flurry of beautiful young women escaping the humdrum to headbang to AC/DC.*Hints:best night to go for drinks is thursdays, when it is two for one, but there aren't as much peoplefriday nights it is busy and fun, but you will notice an older crowdsaturday nights tend to be the younger crowds, and i notice that i don't have as much funarrive early. 8:30 isn't even early here. by 9pm the tables are removed, the chairs gone from the bar. by 9:30 the first people are hitting the dance floor. by 10pm people are standing in line to get in, and the cover charge begins.
1	WHAT. THE. HECK?! This place has gone to CRAP since new mngt.  EVERYTHING has gone down hill.  They fired all the long-standing bartenders & servers (the ones who knew what they were doing).  The last time we went they served our food with PLASTIC forks, paper napkins and PLASTIC plates?!  (surprised our martinis didn't come in sippy cups?!?)  Will NOT be back, ESP. since the FABBY new ANGEL's & OUTLAWS just opened around the corner - guess who opened it?  The management who kept Devil's running smoothly for 5 years !!  (and the bartenders joined them :-)
1	This place is horrible to say the least. There was only one server and she took FOREVER to get our orders. We were there for a good 20 min before anyone ever came by. Once she did, she took our drink order, took another 20 min to bring or menus, and another 20 min to get our watered down/ lukewarm drinks...you get the point. Maybe she was new or something?! We'd see her walk over to the touch screen to place orders, and she'd be there FOREVER trying to figure out how to use it each time. I don't care if it's happy hour all night Thursdays or all week, I will not be back here.
1	Well, the people here are funny, thats a plus. I have been twice and both times the crowd was different. As in wannabe, fake, pretender different. I was propositioned the first time by a couple of working girls, which I am thinking is not a compliment, and as other have pointed out the drinks ain't cheap. What I really don't understand is the DJ. Same guy both times and although I am sure I cannot be a DJ I know when music is easy to dance to and mixed smoothly. He is not smooth and some of the transitions he makes are just whacked out. As is his taste in dance music. It is almost sad to hear a good song, see the crowd start to build on the floor and suddenly he spins something else and the crowd just fades away. I would think you would want to keep people dancing and moving. Perhaps the business plan calls for crappy music to force people to the bar to pay for overpriced booze. I guess that is a plan.
2	Bouncers need to learn they are there to help patrons.
1	I wouldn't be caught dead in a place like this, yet here I was entertaining the needs of an out of town guest hanging my head in shame. The crowds age was either 21 or 51 and nobody in between.....ugh except my friend and I. It was very disturbing watching old people get their freak on out on the dance floor. The DJ SUCKED!! He did not know how to cohesively mix a song, nothing matched and he would play like half a song before merging into the next song of a completely different genre. It was Awful! Hows a girl supposed to Shake a Tail Feather without a decent flow of music? The Drinks.....Oh The Drinks, the sticky ,sticky drinks. I felt like I was holding a lollipop that I found in the gutter. It was really gross, not to mention the drinks were weak,  and this is coming from a self proclaimed lightweight and anyone who knows me can vouch for this. I drank 4 martinis and still did not partake actin' a fool like so many others including my Friend! I can't believe I'm writing this review and admitting to one of the most embarrassing nights in my life!
4	Dear Devil's Martini North, Thank you for playing Beyonce and Pitbull throughout the night last night. Because of you the jeans I bought the same day are loose and I've lost 2 more lbs.Seriously, I can see the cougar potential here, but I am desperately in love with the vibe of this place. You can't do much better at hitting my sexy sophistication love than this place did. The tables alone the sides, the couches, the dance floor and not bad drinks make me wish there was a place like this closer to me, and that I was actually with a date last night.We arrived around 9:30 and walked right in. It wasn't too crowded last night and the drinks were just the right size and strength. The music was fantastic too.This is a win ladies. A definite win.
2	My boyfriend and I are visiting from San Diego and were looking for a good happy hour.  The two-for-ones brought us to this place.  The vibe seemed pretty good, the music was pretty good but the people watching was actually the best.  The bartender staff were pretty wild and seemed to be having a great time.  There was also a speed dating event going on - pretty "40 year old virgin" ish.  This is an interesting crowd as there were a number of guys with shaved heads - is that an Arizona thing or is it symbolic of something else?   The crowd demographics are either young or old and not much in between.  The appetizer food that looked good on line sucked!  Although cheap, you got what you paid for.  We had crab cakes, chicken wings, calamari rings and french fries.  French fries were way over cooked and too brown; calamari was chewy; and the chicken wings were fried too long.  If you want cheap entertainment, go there but don't expect good drinks or food - just good, old fashioned people watching!
3	Yep - our bachelorette party went to two Devil's Martini's in one night.  We wanted to end our night more up north in Scottsdale, so we headed here around midnight.  Here's the thing.  We were a group of 8 girls - all good looking, dressed up and at our target weight.  It's my bachelorette party, so you know we were ready to have a good time.  However, upon arrival AFTER MIDNIGHT, we were told everyone had to pay $5 cover.  Huh?  But....can't you see.....we're..........GIRLS? So my BFF had to give the bouncer a talkin' to and she got us in without the cover and we danced our asses off and had a good time but still.  We're GIRLS!  Puh-leese.....no cover!!
1	Umm...where do I begin?  Last week a group of us stopped in at DN after a party.  I had not been here in about 5 years, which back then it was ok.  Oh my what a disaster!  Jammed packed with wannabes.  Girls dancing on the ledges around the dance floor dressed in many fashion emergencies that made my head spin.  Drinks in plastic cups (super classy) and no room to move.  Yuck.  AND they charge you $5 to experience this nightmare.  Run!  Run away!
2	We went here for a New Years eve party. We assumed it was going to be more relaxed and mature since it was located north and away from its Old Town counterpart The place was entirely full of guys. Our group consisted of couples and it was irritating as several drunk guys kept trying to approach our significant others. I can't say I blame those guys and I felt bad for them as well since they paid a lot of money to attend this party and meet women and there were none. It eventually turned into another Scotsdale club scene. It was not classy. The dance floor was claustrophobic.
4	It's been a year since I've been here but...II never know about covers!! But nightclubs shouldn't have one for girls. :)I like the older crowd this place brings. :) I can only handle guys who come up to my shoulders with baggy clothes for so long before screaming...Are you serious?! Guys can dress here and girls look classy. I'm not that classy in my 6 inch stelletos, corset, and jeans...I look like I just busted out of a Maxim Magazine, but I don't care..I like to stand out! :D
2	I had a decent time here the other night while visiting Scottsdale... It was a Thursday, 2 for 1 drinks til midnight, but I thank my good time to the company I was in and the lovely people watching the crowd here provided. Let's start with problem numero uno- The place is located in a Safeway shopping center... no joke! So get your groceries and come shake your booty all in one trip ;) Now I know Scottsdale has a rep, and to be honest, I do enjoy surrounding myself in that scene once in a while but seriously could not get over the fact that while sitting on their "posh" patio, I was watching the cart boy rounding up stray shopping carts. Location location location, this place fails miserably at that. The drinks were okay... call me crazy but I actually prefer to taste some alcohol in my martini. And the decor in the place was a joke! You walk in to a big open room... think Rocky Pointe spring break style back in HS when you went to those 20$ all you can drink parties. All that was missing was the video crew recording the raunchy females, cougars in this case. The chairs/seating in the car were cheap looking and overall reminded me of Ikea.On the plus side, it was pretty busy but chill enough were my friends and I could enjoy each others company without being knocked into by others.For wanting a chill night with great people watching this place is great. But please get over your posh sophisticated attitude because you are far from it and the place would actually have more potential if you realized it. My favorite part of the night... A cougar with a much older sugar daddy. She walks away from daddy to be swept away my 20someyhing boy toy, only to turn around, and hang her purse on daddy before heading to the dance floor to grind on the boy. Poor daddy was left outside, purse and all, looking like a fool. Made for decent people watching. I sadly left and don't know the outcome of this.... If you were there last night and saw these scene please do tell :)
4	Went there Saturday night the place was crowded. Its a very mixed crowd. The music was great played new and old skool music. I had a great time. I was not dress properly I had on shorts and sandals but he let me in because I was visiting. The place ended up getting pack around 10pm.. everyone was having a great time.. the whole ambiance of the club is class A.. The drinks are expensive, so that's why I didn't give it a 5 star.
1	I know I won't get any freebies on this review but who cares. Truth is more valuable.I dropped in last night. It was the cheeziest get together I've ever experienced.  Filled with people who don't know how to socialize, sad faces abounded, appeared to be a park and swap gig with cheap jewelry on tables for sale.!   The way 90% of these patrons were dressed, astonished me! OMG. Cheap cheap and quack quack!  I should of known hwen I noticed the cars in the parking lot, I've not  seen  so many old cars and trucks, since  I attending the Park and Swap experience. The drinks (wine) is so bad, you can expect to spend most your time 'later; in the bathroom with diareaha, either from the cheap beverages they serve or the nasty germs they have in this place....I would rather mow my lawn than frequent this establishment again...off to Montelucia, El Choro, & Ocean Club which are much better places to spend your money and time and eyes loking at the crowds.  Look for my lates reviews every Saturday mornings!
2	This used to by my favorite spot to frequent when I moved to AZ. The music used to be great; the drinks used to be strong; the crowd used to be....well, a crowd. Keywords here are USED TO BE.I recently went back to Devil's to help my boyfriend on his event photography assignment, and I could not believe how pathetic it had become. It was empty, with only unfashionable, mid-50's patrons coming in for a cheap appetizer. The music is played out and repeats sometimes. The drinks are WEAK. It had a totally different feel to it..What is it called...BORING.I'm more of a homebody now anyway, but in those rare occasions that I actually do want to pay for overpriced drinks and dance, I will avoid Devil's North like the plague.
5	The staff was amazing with timely drinks and hospitality appreciation. The crowd was good. The bathrooms were immaculate thanks to Nick the service attendant professionale in the men's. The decor was beautiful with the new renovations. And the lights on the dance floor were amazing. The music was a good mix. Though I wish there were more new jams. Overall the place to be on a Thursday night. Thirsty Thursdays at Devils.
3	Gee....haven't been to this place in what seems like eons....this definitely was the spot to go to because it was the most happening thing in the north scottsdale area....like 5-6 yrs ago....lol.  We got together a handful of gals for Thu night 2-4-1's. It's nice because EVERY alcohol and beer is included in this! Awesome! They have always had this, and a long time ago they definitely used to pour heavier drinks, but I don't really mind not getting retarded so quickly. That does not speak for the rest of the interesting crowd that graces the dance floor here. H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S!Get there around 10pm or so and grab a comfy seat by the dance floor.  Did I mention their (new to me) addition of 4 shiny stripper poles bolted into the square pedestal/bench that surrounds the dance floor?  2-4-1's + stripper pole = lmfaoI saw a middle aged woman in a prom dress getting down and dirty, some semi retired couple stumbling and dancing barefoot, as well as some others that looked like they were rejected from their pole dance class. Some really funny stuff. I was more than entertained. For that, I will definitely come back. Fyi...If you don't know this already, please don't drink and drive...this place is crawling with cops! Well, Scottsdale and Shea Roads both are. They will even hide out or stroll the parking lot at devils to follow you out. I've seen them do it...entrapment I say...dd or cab itI don't know how the food is now, but years ago, I had a seafood appetizers there and it made me violently ill, and I haven't had it since. I've been afraid....very afraid!
1	If you are a hunter, get your hunting gear ready because this is the place for you! Devil's Martini North is an excellent Puma and Cougar hunting ground. This desert watering hole attracts these two populations in full force. Watching them interact in their natural habitat can be highly interesting, to say the least.Oh, and although they are in their natural habitat, these species are far from "natural" themselves. It seems as though many of them have had mutations and augmentations due to a disease called "lack of self-confidence". This disease has spread rampantly throughout this 40+ female population, and male hunters of all kinds come to watch.Get my point? Devil's North is worthless. It's located in a North Scottsdale strip mall (near a Safeway nonetheless), sometimes they have a cover (they should pay you to come here) and what really cracks me up is that they have valet parking... yet there is an overabundance of spots since it's in a strip mall!The patrons here are laughable. You know those guys that wear men's shoes with a heel? They come here. And you know those 50+ women who think that they are a "sexier" version of Samantha from Sex and The City? They come here too.There are two visually disgusting occurrences that I unfortunately witnessed here - both perfectly describe the atmosphere. The first was a group of 30+ women, dressed like sleaze balls with obvious plastic surgery enhancements on display, trying to act like strippers on the dancing platform, while their 50+ husbands with orange fake tans sat on the couches nearby watching them. PUKE. The second time, it was about 8pm and the music inside was bumping. No one was on the dance floor. Well, except for two highly intoxicated 20 something girls bumping and grinding on each other while making eyes at the male hunters watching them. DOUBLE PUKE. Some patrons here are so sad that that the people watching isn't even amusing. It's great that they have 2-4-1 drink specials but the drinks aren't anything special. I am embarrassed to admit this, but I have also eaten here as well. Don't do it. The service is average, nothing to write home about. I've waited ages for drinks/food when it's not even that packed.Oh, and this place is so "classy" that you are not allowed to wear a baseball hat inside. Riiiiiight. Yet cougars dressed as whores are allowed to run rampant through this place? Methinks not. Pass on Devil's Martini North. Save yourself from visual torture (unless you are a hunter).
2	I went here on a Saturday evening for a wine tasting benefit organized by a friend.  The all white decor was a little much.  A wanna be Vegas or Miami look.  There was also a unique crowd.  Lots of older couples who were trying too hard to prove they were still young and hip.
