2	Considering most burgers I've had at ghost towns and tourist traps, I wasn't expecting much. However, though the fries weren't anything to write home about, the burger at Mammoth wasn't bad at all. The beer in the plastic cups was cold. Sat at the picnic tables outside and had lovely mountain views. Servers were a little slow, but nice. I wouldn't drive out to Goldfield to eat here, but if you're already there, you've had worse lunches than what you'll find at the Mammoth.
5	I know other reviewers had issues with this place but my family really enjoyed it.  The food was great and the prices were reasonable. You can't beat the views either. Our waitress was attentive and helpful. The owner / manager was too funny. He walked around with a gun on his hip and spoke with an Eastern European accent.  I thoroughly enjoyed my BBQ sandwich and my wife and daughter enjoyed sharing an NY Strip.  We will be back.
5	The Best !   great food and Service
5	Great local place--have patience they are busy during season!
3	Better than I expected for a restaurant at a tourist attraction. The wings were very good. My friend had a very nice burger. I had a fish sandwich. Not the best but better than I thought it would be. Very cool decor.
3	Nice place to stop and have lunch within the Ghost town.The decor is old fashioned, cowboy music, very interesting. It is nicely air-conditioned inside.There is a selection of steak, burgers, cold sandwiches available.I had the mammoth burger which was pretty good, nice and juicy with mushrooms. It was very filling.Would recommend, since there are very few restaurants in this area.
4	Limited restaurants in the ghost town, this is one of the better ones of the two to three places to eat in this area. If you're in this town, I'd recommend eating here. ENVIRONMENT - It made me feel like I was a cowboy/girl. Restaurant is very saloon-like, with a stage up at the front, a patio at the back facing the Superstition Mountains and horses parked at the back. Restaurant is spacious as well.It's also quite cool how they give you a newspaper with the town and the saloon's history in the front, and the menu at the back!SERVICE - Friendly. Nothing outstanding.FOOD - Overall not bad. Nothing outstanding as well, but the quality did surprise me for a restaurant in a tourist attraction.+ Mammoth burger - This was $12 and was a 8oz burger with onions, mushrooms, cheese. As you can see in the picture, the patty itself was quite big! I was very full after devouring this mammoth of a burger (guess where it got its name from). The fries that came with it was a little too salty for my liking, but they were thick (just the way I like it) and fresh.+ Apple dumpling - Around $6. Not a fan of this. There weren't that many apples in it for the price.. and the apples were a little too mushy and sour. The dough part was also a little too thick and hard.. :( Don't get this.Oh, and just a tip, if you don't want to order anything to drink and get water instead.. they still charge you $2.25 for a water bottle (they don't have glasses of water). It's probably better to pay this amount for iced tea/lemonade instead (OR try a prickly pear margarita - the fruit that grows on the cactus!).
