5	Brought to you by the proprietor of Rice Paper! I am a big fan of this local restaurant, Rice Paper, and it seems I am all also going to be a big fan of Bonjour!French soup and quail eggs! Great great!Thank you to the friends at Rice for allowing me to stop by and enjoy the soft openingRL
3	Our Tuna Spring Rolls were very pretty and large and tasted very fresh. ($9.50) They were served with a fruit sauce that might have been mango. I had the Bun Salad that sort of was like Pho but salad instead of soup. It came with a sort of very mild fish sauce tasting dressing. The sprouts in the salad were very fresh and crispy. The dark meat chicken was good. This salad was very large and I thought it was good but could use something to make it more flavorful but I could eat it again. ($10.00)My husband had the Pork Banh Mi Sandwich and it was fresh and OK and came with a generous side. ($8.00)Service was very good the place is modern and very clean.I might have given four stars if I tried a dinner because the dinners at their sister restaurant Saigon Kitchen are pretty good and I know they use sushi grade salmon in their reasonably priced dinner. They are a little different and only slightly French and offer Foie Gras , Duck Confit and Pom Fritz on the menu.3.5 Stars
4	"Great, unique food. Excellent happy hour prices! The staff is so friendly and entertaining. We will be back!!"
5	I don't write reviews often, but when I do, I really mean what I say. I walked past this restaurant several times and always noticed how nice it looked. I'm so happy we finally stopped in. It was by far the best dinner we've had downtown. The food was wonderful - fresh ingredients, unique dishes, and incredibly tasty. A great place for a date night or an evening out with friends! I live in the area and will definitely become a regular guest. Even if you don't live that close, Bonjour Vietnam is absolutely worth the trip!
5	Yum! I had never had Pho before and came over for my lunch break with a craving for soup. The bartender was very helpful and encouraged me to try his Grandmother's homemade chili sauce as well as the other sauces with the beef (he was one of the owners) The Pho Tai was incredible. My mouth is still tingling a little from the heat, but it really hit the spot on this chilly day. Additionally, the decorations were a very sweet throw back to the French restaurant once in the same space in the 1930's combined with a nod to the Vietnemese roots. I can't wait to go back with my husband for more!
4	Down town, Trendy, some what fusion and most of all decent veggie options.The patio is the nice place to be, inside can be a bit cramped. at $8-10 per dish for lunch it is no bargain but it was decent. I was happy to have a few veg options.  I went for the vegetable Pho' asparagus, noodles tofu and more in a mild veggie broth. Lucikly they have a great in-house chillie oil paste that can make anything pack flavor punch.The menu also has some bhan mi with a french twist and of course the trendy obligatory sweet potato fries. Don't come because it is authentic come beacause the taste is good and the scene and location are both nice like the service.
4	Loved this place.  Called for some carry out at the last minute.  I am staying at a nearby hotel, and they were super accommodating.  Got there a few minutes early to pick up... Offered a seat and some water.  Then, the owner came by to introduce herself.  Great, beautiful woman!  Talked for a while and really enjoyed meeting.  Great experience!
4	Expensive bahn mi (I'm used to Lee's, what can I say?) but full of flavor so worth it. It'd be awesome if there were better lunch prices. But braised pork with housemade chili sauce. Yum. Absent mindedly picked garlic fries -will avoid next time. Reminds me of fries from a fast-food joint that had been sitting under the heat lamp. Service was great! Sat out on the patio and enjoyed the sunshine. Can't wait to go back.
3	I was so excited to try our this new addition to downtown and especially when I heard it was the same owners as Rice Paper!  This place just fell short for me...the atmosphere was nice, the service was good, but the food was really not that good.  We tried the sizzling salmon (dry), the cornish hen (dry and tough) and the beef in red wine (the best of the three).  The appetizers were probably the best part about the meal - edamame (messy) and the tuna spring rolls.I am hoping the quality of the food gets better because I would really like to see this place succeed!
4	A great place to eat downtown right inside the San Carlos Hotel. Delicious tasty pho  soups, and their tuna and shrimp rolls. Delicious tasting dessert! Wonderful atmosphere yet cozy. We even got to meet the chef who was really nice. We are looking forward to coming back.
3	The food wasn't spectacular but yummy.  The decorations were pretty, trendy, and the drink menu was fun.  I wouldn't mind stopping in here for a quick soup and cocktail before going out in downtown phoenix, but I don't think I would make this my main destination.
3	Who'd have thought that an Asian cafe in an historic Southwest hotel would work? After at least two or three failed restaurants at the San Carlos Hotel downtown, I think Bonjour Vietnam is here to stay,Nice work on the space, as it's trendy yet casual with a tiny bar that could be conducive to a drink or two after work. The staff are welcoming, friendly and enthusiastic. They have a pretty impressive menu and I settled on a lunch box consisting of some rolls. They were nice enough to let me substitute in some soft shelled crab, which I've been obsessed with since i returned from Australia. Everything was very fresh and the crab was nice and crunchy just like I like it. But I don't know how I feel about the sweet and savory combination of my rolls, which were served with something sweet, a type of fruit I believe. I'm eager to come back and try a few other things on the menu because some of the stuff looks delicious. Stay tuned for an update.
4	I was in town for a conference and ended up sick (boo!) so I needed to find a good place that was close to the hotel. I loved Bonjour! The staff was delightful, the ambiance comfortable, and the food (I had ginger tea, beef pho, vegetarian spring rolls) was wonderful. After visiting Vietnam just last year, I have been obsessed with home made pho, and this place definitely hit the spot. If I ever visit Phoenix again, I would absolutely return.
2	Honestly, this isn't really that great of a restaurant, at least for the pho.  The pho wasn't even hot when I got it, and isn't pho suppose to be boiling hot? I mean the meat is suppose to cook in the broth? Also the wasn't great at all, in all honestly it tasted kind of weird for pho meat, and there wasn't a lot. After two bites all my noodles were gone.  For the money it's not really worth it, the staff was pretty awesome but that's about the only good thing about this place.I suggest going somewhere else for Vietnamese food, this place is really Americanized and more about being trendy, then having great food.
2	I came here with my friends since this place had a pretty decent rating. FOOLED. If you're craving for good Vietnamese food, I suggest to go somewhere else. Soups were slightly warm, and flavorless. Glasses were empty the whole time; the service was very poor. Staffs were kind, and friendly, but the foods were just a huge disappointment.
1	Poor service--food took a significant amount of time to come out, waiters mixed up numerous orders, and then also had trouble splitting the bill.Pho was also one of the worst I've had. The meat was not fresh and was gummy after cooking in the soup. Noodles were hard and undercooked. Avoid this place if you're looking for pho.
5	Everything was delicious. The Bo La Nho appetizer was a great way to start, the Tom Chien Don spring rolls were spot-on, and the pho was a perfect end. The drinks were creative, the atmosphere was superb (patio), and the service was friendly and knowledgeable. It's refreshing to know that this spot has (hopefully) found a long-term, high quality tenant.
4	Rice Paper, a sister location, has it down. We are aware that both venues are owned by the same owner but this one need a little discipline. The spring rolls we loosely wrapped, filled with to much lettuce and the sause was good but runny. We will be back cause we live close but for now we will go back to 7th street for our fix.Gave them another chance last night. Much better! So I added a star.
5	New spot from the accomplished owners of Rice Paper. Awesome pho! Edamame with lemongrass sauce is too die for. Can't go wrong with any of the entrees. Local owners with great staff. My new downtown staple!!!
5	This place is a real gem. Delicious, gourmet food for cheap smack in the middle of downtown.The highlight was my pork sandwich. I wasn't expecting anything particularly special but it's not an exaggeration to say that it was one of the most delicious dishes I've had anywhere at any price. My wife got the vegetarian pho, which was also really good and (according to the waitress) vegan, since it was made with vegetable broth (unusual for pho).We got two appetizers, the Zen Spring Rolls and the edamame.  The Spring Rolls were fresh tasting and came with tasty peanut dipping sauce.  The edamame was coated in a delicious sauce and came in a generous portion.Incidentally, the reason I ended up getting a sandwich is that the lunch menu is pretty limited. Most of the entrees are served only for dinner. You may want to keep that in mind.
2	everything is average,pho tastes just okaythe only good thing is the service, which is good.the price based on the taste I got, is not reasonable
4	This was one of my favorite late night and even lunch time spots. The Pho was photastic! The service was great and it's inside a cool haunted hotel.You should check this place out if you are in downtown Phoenix.
4	Wow, what a cool little place. For those of us who are in Downtown Phoenix often, you have wanted to, or have already tried Pho. It's a lovely little ramen-like soup, and damn do they have a good one here! I have been to a couple other Pho spots, but with the awesome location, really great music choice, great price, and serving size this is at the top of my list PHO-sho. Although, this is definitely not your spot for French food, they have a couple of options, but ii is a predominantly Vietnamese place. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys Pho, and is looking for a late night meal. (I myself enjoy eating dinner late.)
4	Nice little place.  In downtown near light rail.  Has patio dining where you can relax with pho and a cold drink and watch the evening's passerby.  Reasonable but not great prices.  Very friendly service.
2	My friends and I are here because it is attached to the San Carlos Hotel (where we stayed this weekend).  The food was weird.  Typically we love Vietnamese and were excited to try thus place but much to our disappointment it is not traditional Vietnamese---it is French/Vietnamese.   We had the Pho.  The meat was chewy and the selection of veggies were minimal.  The broth was just okay.  We probably won't go bak here.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The decor is nice.  The food just wasn't what I expected.
2	Would have been three stars except we were served browned, blotchy and slimed herbs with our chia gio. The two pieces of lettuce were not even close enough to wrap half of the rolls.  It was clear they were cut at least a day in advance as they were rust colored on the cuts.  One of the great elements to Vietnamese cuisine is the fresh herbs and lettuce.  In this area I call this experience a total fail. I have uploaded the photo of the offending herbs. The spring roll with mango and tempura shrimp was very good, perfectly fresh with a mango dipping sauce.  I don't get the mango on mango action but it was tasty enough.  The pho tai was passable.Would love to go here again but can't risk taking a guest and experiencing less than edible produce.  Certainly not for the downtown prices we paid.
5	I thought the service food and atmosphere was great. It had that NYC feel about it.  Great find. Pho was excellent with fresh ingredients.
3	(Lyrics - Belle - Beauty and the Beast - Bonjour)San Carlos; it's a quiet hotelWith a restaurant, Bonjour VietnamDowntown in the city of Phoenix, having lunch to say........Bonjour! Bonjour! Bonjour! Bonjour! Bonjour!There goes the waiter with his tray like alwaysThe same banh mi and pho to serveLate evening dinner as I came, since the cuisines that they madeTo this Phoenix restaurantLook there I go a foodie no questionI'm super hungry can't you tell?Always part of any crowd (Yelp)Cause my heads up on some chowNo denying I'm a foodie guy that BoBonjour!Good day!How is your writing?Bonjour!Good day!How is this place?I need six shots!That's too expensiveThere must be more to this Bonjour Vietnam!Bonjour Vietnam is a French and Vietnamese inspired restaurant.  Very modern look and feel with some Vietnamese flares.  I didn't catch anything that I would consider French inspired except what was on the menu.  I ordered a Saigon beer, which I haven't had since I was in Vietnam several years ago, but they were out!  Second choice was Export 33, which was also a Vietnamese beer; oh the memories!  Now to the entree!  I ordered the Cornish Hen with rice.  Forgot what is was called, but it was pretty good.  I think it was marinated and crusted with sweet and spicy sauce; the hen itself was pretty moist and the crust was perfect and crunchy.  I gotta say it worked well along with the steam rice. I would definitely subtract the 2 pieces of squash it came with and the beef broth; which was just pho broth.  I just didn't care too much for it plus it didn't make sense but to fill the plate.  Overall, the food was good and the service was decent.  The place is oddly placed in the San Carlos Hotel!?  Which I guess is haunted thus the "Ghost Lounge" next door.  Unfortunately, the only ghost around was the lack of patrons and people in the city of Phoenix.  What happened to the night life here in downtown PHX! - Enjoy!
5	Found this little spot after the Suns WON!!! And it was perfect. Michael, the host/waiter, was super helpful and attentive. Julio made the bombedest ever zen spring rolls. Super highly recommended. The pho was terrific as well. All and all, very close to US Airways center, perfect for before or after a game. And just great. They had a bar too, but we didn't go.... So good for drinks!PS thanks for filling up our water a million times, Michael! After so much cheering at the game, we needed to rehydrate.
4	Visited here last night while staying at the adjoining Hotel San Carlos. Helpful waitstaff, although it did take about 10 minutes from the time I walked in and was seated to be noticed and given a menu. They were pretty busy, so it wasn't a huge deal at all. Mark was bar tending, and noticed from across the room that I didn't have a menu or water yet. He got me taken care of and refilled my water glass/checked on me often. He was great! (All this while entertaining several people who appeared to be extremely under the influence of something that isn't alcohol, sitting at the bar. He handled himself well.)I have to note that their water is infused with cucumber slices and tastes amazing. I actually woke up this morning with a taste for it! Pho Ga was my choice for the evening, and it was pretty tasty. My only complaint is that cilantro isn't included in the fresh plate with their pho - maybe that's a Texas thing? Anywho, yummy food (and h20!) and a cool ambiance. I enjoyed it!
4	It was good to see so many reviews from out of towners for this little solo restaurant. A rather large table of young Chinese tourists was seated during our visit for instance.We biked down - no bike rack but was able to hook our bikes to the sidewalk fence.Vietnam War era music, which created a certain ambiance to the place. Undeniable French influence on the menus which ditto. Low key contemporary bistro setting at the Hotel San Carlos.Salmon Tartare, Cha Gio [a crispy pork spring roll] and Cognac Filet Mignon washed down with a good Cotes du Rhone set us back only $22 a head before tip.My only quibble was the hot dog mustard accompanying the salmon.
1	I am writing this review based on what just occured between my co-worker and the supposed manager of this restaurant. My coworker ordered pho (take out) and when she opened the container and sifted through the pho, there was a bug. To ANYONE this has happened to (or even if it hasn't) this is incredibly disgusting to discover in your food.She called to let them know what happend and was going to come back to get her money, when the "manager" told her they didn't want her business and it wasn't their problem.This is ABSOLUTELY unacceptable.  And it gets worse. My co-worker went back with another co-worker to bring the pho back so they could see for themselves and when they walked in, the container cracked/opened and the bag was filled with the pho, to which the manager said/yelled to them, "get that sh*t out of here. I don't want it". He proceeded to argue with my coworkers and raise his voice in the restaurant. (while other customers were present)THAT is how you run your business? Yelling AND swearing at a female customer in the middle of your restaurant because she brought to your attention your pho was insect ridden!?  GET THE HELL out of here.  DISGUSTING, and I (along with MANY MANY MANY employess that work downtown and used to go to this restaurant), will NEVER be back.You are TRASH for speaking to a customer this way. So if in fact the manager was involved with this encounter, I hope your doors soon close. And if this happened to be an employee posing as a manger, then I hope you lose your job and the real manager make drastic changes in the kitchen as well as your hiring process.
4	Quick, tasty, and uniqueStopped in for a visit as some family from out of town visited, on the suggestion of a couple co-workers.  Glad we did.Ordered the edamame, French onion soup, spring rolls, pho, bun, and an ice cream dessert.  All were yummy.  The pho broth-- my test of a noodle place-- was good.  It had richness and good herbal notes.The French onion soup is unique tasting and my wife and I kept debating if it was great or odd.  We settled on both-- traditional elements of cheese, caramelized onion, pepper, and baguette, but with some citrus-like notes and almost bul go gi type meat.  It's one of those dishes you enjoy and are perplexed by.Service was fast and the wait crew was nice, as well as good with our kids.  The space is small, so groups of more than eight would be a challenge for them.  But, definitely worth another visit.
1	On vacation in Phoenix and was craving some Pho before flying back home and lemme tell you....this place is awful! I wasn't planning to yelp about it,  but it's so bad I must.The pho's broth didn't taste fresh and wasn't hot enough to cook the noodles. The noodles were hard and the beef tasted off. The broth looked cloudy... which I hope is from the mix of ingredients? (Sigh) I couldn't even finish a quarter of the bowl. My boyfriend ordered a Vermicelli dish, and the noodles were also hard....why?? It's so simple....you leave the noodles in boiling water long enough for it to soften then take it out to serve! The pork for the vermicelli was decent and that's all I could eat. I hate wasting food, but I left the restaurant with my food literally untouched....and I tried really hard to eat half!  If they can just cook the noodles right, it's the least they can do for improvement.  Don't think I'll be coming back on my next visit so....Au revoir!
4	Food- amazing. Staff- eh, not so much. No one came to the hostess stand to greet or seat us and our waitress was put out when asked describe the happy hour specials. Regardless, I would go back without hesitation because the food was amazing, price was right and atmosphere was great.
4	Great food, seemed to be understaffed most of the time. Stayed 10 days at Hotel San Carlos and frequented late night. Great Bahn Mi (grilled pork) + Pho + Moscow Mule
2	5 of us came here for lunch today because it was nearby and a friend wanted Vietnamese food. It was a bit of a late lunch and the restaurant wasn't busy. Right off the bat, the service wasn't that great as we were not well greeted and throughout the meal we all felt we were getting a bit of an attitude from our waitress. On top of that, 2-3 times the runner kept bringing food we didn't order because he mistakenly  brought it to the wrong table. It can't be hard when you have a restaurant with maybe 10 tables (maybe) and only 3 are occupied at the time. On to the food. We all got Pho as the entree and the spring rolls (traditional and the soft shell crab). The traditional spring roll were fine. Nothing to brag about. The soft shell crab with mango was quite delicious. This wasn't a typical vietnamese spring roll though. It was definitely a Japanese fusion but I welcome it. The dipping sauce for the soft shell crab was delightful. The Pho, however, was dumb down and not very flavorful. The broth was bland and most likely artificially flavored; it wasn't the intense beef-and-bone-stewing-for-24-hrs-broth that most other vietnamese restaurant have or how my mom would make it. I have to give them a point for being very generous with the meat. But really the broth is the key! Anyhow, this place was okay. The main thing I liked about this place was their decor. They had these lovely straw hats hanging from the ceiling tiles that just made the ceiling and space so much bigger. Food and service = eh. I probably wouldn't come back here unless i was desperately craving vietnamese food and couldn't leave the downtown area. -- Keep eatin'
4	Decent prices and portions. Recently moved to PHX and finding a go-to Vietnamese spot w excellent pho is always on the agenda anytime I move. I ordered the Buddah pho as is and my belly was definitely satisfied. Not a huge fan about the location; easy to get to but parking is either a pain or expensive. Also, better signage would help a lot; circled the block a couple times before I actually saw it (looks like part of the establishment next door).
5	Both times we have visited we have had amazing experiences both socially and food wise! This time we had the pleasure of meeting the chef, owner and the "dl". If you go ask for the "dl"! Definitely recommend the traditional roll! Will put this place on the bad ass slanted donkey list!
5	Fantastic "Bun" salad (I got mine with chicken-delish!). The garlic fries were crazy good too. Super quick service--we were in and out (and stuffed) in 40 minutes on the lunch hour. Love this place and will definitetly be back!
3	this place breaks my heart every time. the service is so slow and so unattentive. they get my order wrong 8 out of 10 times.  i've gotten an incorrect order that went back to be corrected and then came out wrong again. it was hard for me to stay nice that night, mostly because they weren't even apologetic. but the food is so good that i have to keep coming back. get the garlic fries and the edemame. and save yourself the time and frustration by calling ahead for takout.
4	I would have given 5 stars, but the service can be hit or miss.  Other than that, the food is excellent.  The edamame is the best.  The other favorite thing on the menu is their beef filet dish that comes on top of their awesome noodles. Yum...
4	Yum! Just had the Lunch Box (really a bento box) with grilled chicken came with delish caramelized onions. The house salad was pretty plain, lettuce, cucumber, and carrots. Not bad, just plain.
5	I stopped in here with a friend while we were scourging around for something to eat.  This place absolutely hit the spot.  I had their Dac Biet Pho, which was spot on.  The beef was nice and tender, the broth nice and hot and the basil/veggies served with the pho were fresh and fragrant.  I also had a bite of the pork BBQ sandwich, which was melt-in-your-mouth tender and perfectly sweet.  Additionally, the service was excellent, and the portion sizes were about right.I'm not really sure what the other people were talking about with their substandard experiences.  If you want fresh, delicious Vietnamese food in Phoenix, look no further than Bonjour Vietnam.
2	So I went to bonjour Vietnam with three girlfriends the past Friday night.  It wAs a beautiful evening so we sat on the patio.  Service was good the drinks were fabulous... My poulet was great.  And then the night got weird. A man walked up to our table and for several minutes was mumbling at us.  We calmly asked him to leave. He did not.  He started cussing, graphically explaining what he would do to us and threatened us.  then he started spitting at our table.   Staff did nothing to stop this event.  They did not come out they did not shuffle him along until after I had called the police and eventually a cook came out.  Our bill came, nothing was comped.  No visit from the manager.  We were literally threatened, all staff saw it occurring and nothing happened.  This is not acceptable treatment.  If you own a business downtown you have to be prepared to shuffle the occasional individual like this away from paying patrons.   (Seamus's has a security guard that immoderately moves people along).   Extremely disappointed and between making a police report and identifying the suspect, our dinner was ruined..
5	Love this place! Great food and great staff. They have a happy hour from 11-6:30 with some really great craft bears, my favorite would be the Sapporo. Definitely try this place out.
3	This Vietnamese spot is in my front yard (well, my work at least), which I've been DYING to try for the last year.Well, I did just that w/tons of excitable vigor yesterday during my lunch break.I ordered Shrimp Pho (to go) and I only waited approximately 5-7 minutes. I brought my beloved package back to my desk and prepared to do all of the mixing/dumping of ingredients.I was crestfallen that they didn't include fresh cilantro sprigs? Have never seen this but still pressed on. I went to blow on my first bite, and realized I didn't even need to! It was not piping hot - I would say a degree or two over pee-warm?? I felt deflated. My noodles were as well, as they didn't even soften due to the low temps.The seasoning in the broth was also ho-hum, TBH. Needless to say, I used both Rooster sauce and Hoison generously.Blehhh - what a ball buster.
2	I have eaten at a lot of pho places. This place, it was below average. The broth was weak and the meat was so chewy. As in you couldn't chew it apart. Combine that with $9 pho, wilted basil and uncomfortable chairs, it's not worth it.I didn't get a chance to try the French portion of the menu. But pho is pretty simple and if you can't get that right, why would I try the more expensive portion of your menu.Want real pho? Go to an authentic pho restaurant. Just sayin'.
3	The night we went it was quiet and really.  I told my husband to pretend we were eating at a French cafe that serves Vietnamese food.  For a moment, I swear, you forget you're in downtown Phoenix.  You cannot compare the prices to other Vietnamese restaurants.  If you do, you will feel grossly ripped off.  Bonjour Vietnam has atmosphere so that's what you're paying for.So the food.  My grilled pork sandwich was so flavorful and not skimpy on meat.  They serve fries or a salad which I thought was funny (you don't normally eat fries with Bahn mi).  But the fries were crisp and yummy.The ice cream with Nutella wonton sounds great in theory but not worth it.  All in all, nice little restaurant.  Will return, just not regularly because it's a little pricy.
3	The service from Megan was great, but the food was completely unacceptable. They eventually fixed the issue and took care of my meal. Service is important and I'm glad they made it right the second time around.
4	Great lunch.  Had grilled chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The chicken was a bit dry but tasty and the garlic fries were OK without being overbearing.
4	The filet pho. Get that. Friendly staff. Yummy drinks. It's a cute spot. Tucked right next to hotel San Carlos.
4	I've been here a few times now and I have to say that I really enjoy the experience. Is it the best Vietnamese food in town? Probably not. But, its got a great atmosphere, is in the heart of the downtown Phoenix in the historic San Carlos hotel, and is open for lunch. The last part is an important factor when you work at the building right across the street from it :) I've had the Pho, the lunchbox, and yesterday I had the Bun salad. I really enjoyed all of it - and I know the price might not be super cheap but I think its a good value for lunch and we really enjoy having something besides bar food in the downtown area. Try it out yourself, I think you'll be happy you did too :)
3	The pork dinner is delicious! The veggies could be way crisper as they are always pretty soggy--, but the pork is amazing. The Pho is also very good. I'd eat it even in the summer time. Was not a fan of their beef in the past--seemed like poor cuts of beef--BUT I would be willing to give that a 2nd try to see if it was a one time thing. Also, the chairs are very uncomfy and the wines could be colder.....But the food is delicious and healthy and BV provides a relaxed and pretty atmosphere for both lunch and dinner. I eat at BV every time I am in PHX.
4	Love, love, love the noodles!  Took a friend last Saturday and they gave us a lunch menu and when we got our food it was like a dinner proportion. The chicken and noodles were so amazing. I will definitely be back!
4	We've eaten here a few times before concerts and such, and it's a great place for a bite in a fun atmosphere. I'm a banh mi fan -- when I worked in New York, we were always trolling for the best -- and BV didn't disappoint. Get it with the pate' for something a little different with some French flair. The spring rolls and other appetizers also were good. The noodles are very good, but won't erase you mind. It ain't fine dining, it's a good neighborhood spot. If you want a fun spot to get yourself psyched up and in the right frame of mind for a game or concert or show, this is a good bet.
4	Do not go here expecting to eat delicious Authentic Vietnamese food. I mean it's called Bonjour Vietnam...hello? lolThat being said, it's worth a try. I thought the French Onion soup was incredible. I love French Onion soup as it is but to do it with Pho broth...genius!! My husband had the Banh Mi and I had the Pho of course. My husband loved his Banh Mi but my pho came out with raw noodles. Now mind you I am Vietnamese. When I told the girl who served us that the noodle was raw she proceeded to explain to me how Pho is made. I'm like....ummm...I know...thank you for explaining the process but that doesn't make it any less raw. I think she was so use to explaining what the food was that she never took into consideration maybe I know raw Pho when I eat it. It took me awhile to politely explain to her that I wasn't going to it this, she brought it back to the kitchen and come back with well cooked noodles for me. The Pho was okay. It was a good fix until I went back home to LA to eat authentic Pho. I think we went when it was only open for a week or two and they definitely had some kinks to work out. I think the idea is great but the execution needs some work.It's worth a try but go during lunch on a week day. The service, unless it has improved since I've been there, is slow.
