4	Neat aviary.  Nice tropical room with some free roaming birds.  The fancy blue pigeon seems to like children and walks right up to them.  They have some species not typically found in zoos.  I share same quibble as previous reviewer and would add that admission seemed a bit high for the size of the place.  Good docents, though.
4	Who knew the National Aviary was in PIttsburgh?? RIght up the street from the Andy Warhol Museum, no less. The aviary is small, but clean and well-organized. The tropical room and demonstrations are interesting. I watched one raptor demonstration; the keeper talked about Rachel Carson (from Pittsburgh!) and DDT. Be still, my environmentalist heart.Odd: there is a large tombstone-type monument outside the aviary displaying the Ten Commandments. The reason for this was not readily apparent.
3	I haven't been here since I was a kid, but would love to go back. maybe next time I date a girl with kids LOL.
4	Engaging, relaxing, very cool.Yes, this place is small. But I think that allows it to be fairly well run and well maintained. And there are a lot of birds. The more time you take, the more of them you see.Even if you're not an experienced bird spotter, of course, you still see a lot of birds. They come right up to you in the two big, open environments.Since this place is open so many days of the year, you can find a not busy time (like, um, Thanksgiving) and really stroll through at a snail's pace, or sit awhile in the big rooms, to watch the cycles of "rain" and how this affects the birds' behaviors. Fascinating. I saw a great demonstration too, outdoors in the summer.Bear in mind, kids often don't have the patience or visual acuity to "see" as many birds as adults. So they may get a little bored and restless with just walking through (I've seen it happen, again and again). Maybe plan a trip around a demonstration, or the other interactive stuff the staff does, like feedings. It's more dramatic.And do you know why they call it the "National" Aviary? Because they want to. That's what I heard, anyway.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my first visit here, with the exception of having to endure the Ten Commandments posted all along the walkway. What a shame the Nation's only aviary can't be separated from religion.The docents are amazing and always ready to help. Looking forward to another visit in a few weeks, once the cold weather really hits.
2	This was a fun day and I'd go again.  (Just the fact that there's an aviary is a positive with me -- there should be more of these around!  And bigger!!  But I digress...)  There're plenty of birds to see, and it's a pleasure to have them all around you in the wetlands and rainforest rooms.  As others have said, the more time you can take in any given spot, the more enjoyment you'll have; I think you'd see a lot even if you had to whip through for some reason, but slower is definitely better.The aviary's also located in a pretty park, with a large number of ducks.  (The latter is always a good thing in my book!)The reason I give it a 2 is that I had a lot of problems with the maintenance.  The signs identifying birds were so outdated that _many_ of the birds in the rooms were not even posted (per my experience and talking to staff members).  There were stored supplies stacked haphazardly in most of the hallways.  Most flatscreen televisions and other interactive displays were inoperable.  There were numerous completely random informational displays (countries, critters, cultures, fisheries) that didn't have anything to do with anything else in their vicinity (and in some cases didn't seem to have anything to do with anything at the aviary at all).  The outdoor exhibits (a garden and cages for an eagle and a condor or two) seemed cluttered and overgrown (and not in a good way).  And the roof has many holes in it -- during a rainstorm there were constant downpours/waterfalls/etc. (the most amusing being over the "dry" observation area in the wetlands exhibit) inside the building that didn't seem amusing to humans or birds.  I also had some issues with the staff -- about a third were engaging, while the remainder seemed supremely displeased to have to deal with visitors.  (While I don't necessarily begrudge them this emotion, I've usually seen a higher percentage of tourist-friendly people at tourist locations.)I hope they continue to get lots of visitors and donations to improve the facility, because the old place has great potential but I think it's falling into disrepair.
4	As a bird lover, of course I had a great time here.  Lots to see, and penguin meet-and-greets!  Thoroughly enjoyed meeting Elvis, and participating in the guided tour which included feeding the birds a bit.  I do think that some of the parrot cages need improvement but overall this was well worth visiting.
5	I'm pretty sure the National Aviary is the best place to go look at birds on the East Coast.  I'm a little sad that the penguins & giant owl aren't out for display, but you can see one at 10:30 and 1:30 (? - check the website to be sure) each day, at the free-with-admission bird show.  Definitely go to the bird show.  Parents, please, hold your child's hand, and don't let him or her chase the birds.  That ruins it for all of us; some of my favorite free birds (FREEBIRD!) have had to be locked up because of kids bothering them.
4	This is one of the more unusual "zoos" out there, and certainly one of the few dedicated solely to birds. The National Aviary features over 600 species of birds from around the world and has some walk-through exhibits, including the Tropical Rainforest.  I totally agree with a previous poster in  that if you have a child with you, hold that child's hand.The collection of birds, as I mentioned, is quite varied.  Including sea eagles, bald eagles, cranes, and hornbills.  My two favorite exhibits are in the East Hall--the Pennsylvania Backyard and the tropical songbirds.  They also have a very beautiful rose garden outside.The National Aviary spends a lot of time training its birds and has some of the best bird trainers on its staff.  The reason that they spend so much time training birds is to get them used to being around humans.  The staff can evaluate the birds, and take better care of them.  Plus it gives the visitors a chance to interact with species that they might normally never have.The place seems small, but don't let that fool you.  Taking your time and watching and observing the birds can easily take all morning or afternoon.  Don't rush your visit here!  Take time to notice these wonderful creatures and their behaviors.
4	If this place were cheaper we'd visit all the time. Some of the displays are kind of boring, but there are some great rooms where you can walk right up and chill with the birds.  We missed the show because we didn't know it was being held outside and no one informed us when we bought our tickets :/
2	I love the idea of this aviary but the execution seems poor.  The signs and displays were outdated and not accurate for what was actually there.   We spent an hour there and I honestly can't see how you could spend more time than that because this place is pretty small.  The wetland and rainforest rooms were really nice, but it was difficult to know what we were looking at because the idenitifcation for the birds was not visible.  For the price of $10 per adult I expected more than this.  I am not sure if we will be going back.
3	This is a wonderful place that unfortunately needs more money than it has to be in world class shape.  It's $10 to get in, and it's not large; maybe 10% of the size of the Zoo.  Street parking is free, lot parking is $5.  It sits in a gorgeous park next to the community college.Anyways, two phenomenal large walkthrough rooms of birds, plus a dozen or so smaller enclosures that you can't walk into.  If you walked from one end to the other, it might take you five minutes, tops.  If you're interested and willing to slow down on that walk, there are 500+ birds in there, so there are definitely a lot of animals in this specialty zoo.The entire middle of the Aviary is currently under construction; they're turning it into the new location for the penguins.  With that part closed, $10 felt pretty steep.  I liked the toucans, bald eagles, flamingos, parrots, and the entire rainforest room.  Then again, the rainforest room felt very similar to Phipps Conservatory, save it has a lot of extra bird poop.I'm bumping this up to 3-stars, simply because the construction is temporary.
5	When my friend Catherine came in to visit me this past weekend, I really wanted to take her to places that are uniquely Pittsburgh.  I wanted her to see things she couldn't see in her native Chicago, so I thought we'd spend a Sunday Morning at the Aviary.  We got there when it opened at 9am because we wanted to see the "Feed The Lories" at 9:30am.  We each purchased a cup of nectar with which to feed the rainbow lorikeets.  They'll eat right out of your nectar cup and besides, the money spent goes towards their upkeep.What I really wanted to see was the new penguin exhibit.  No, NOT Mario Lemiuex or any of the other hockey greats.  The new exhibit is called Penguin Point.  It's part of a multi-million dollar makeover the Aviary is currently undergoing.  Penguin Point gives the viewer a complete 360 view of the penguins in action.  No, not slap shots, offsides and goals.   I mean waddling, climbing the rocks, and swimming.  The current residents have had their numbers increased and the Aviary will soon begin a breeding program.  I've upped the Aviary's rating to five stars because of Penguin Point.As great as the Penguin Point is, don't forget to see the rest of the Aviary too.  Birds are very fascinating creatures and you can see aquatic birds, flightless birds, etc. here.  This is a unique treasure in Pittsburgh and you owe it to yourself to come here and learn more.  Ps.  The website is excellent.  It teaches you a lot about bird conservation, bird watching (I always think of the great old movie "Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation:), birds as pets, etc.
4	We went to the Penguin encounter, which means we had a private guided tour ($35/person, reservations required). First we visited the kitchen where bird feeding is launched and we spent around 40 minutes in a conference room with a penguin just walking around. Eleven African penguins live in a very nice penguin enclosure, and several of them (maybe all) have a responsibility to meet small groups like ours from time to time. It was fascinating -- the children who were with it were very enthusiastic. These birds are in a sense pets, although they really are reluctant to be stroked, the trainer had to hold the penguin tight so we could see what he felt like.We also watched the public animal behavior demo, with a large macau flying through a hoop held up by a trainer. Also fascinating. The open bird cages are also quite nice.I recently spent 6 months in San Diego, where the zoo and wild animal park have much larger bird houses and more birds. However, for its size the Pittsburgh aviary is very good. (The name National does not mean it has any connection with the national government.)
5	This was such a fun place to visit! The Aviary wasn't on our list of elementary school field trips, so when some friends were visiting from Michigan we used them as our excuse to make our first trip.It was only $5 to get in, which is such a bargain compared to other local museums and attractions. It's not a huge place, so I'm sure it's perfect to take kids with a short attention span.We got to see some birds being fed, and visitors were able to participate. You can peek into the bird infirmary and the food prep area. It's pretty neat how in several areas there are birds just walking right up to you and sitting on perches right before your face!This was definitely a fun, affordable trip for any age.
5	Why would I go to the aviary on Easter weekend ?!?!?! thats all I kept thinking as the children ran around my feet... it was still a good time, but i prefer non-holiday weekends. My favorite part of the entire place is Penguin Point, it's so fun to watch the zany penguins.  In the past I've done the trainer for a day program and got to work alongside the staff for about 8 hours, behind the scenes as well as interacting with visitors.  Very fun thing to do if you have the time/money.  You are able to pet the penguins (they bite) nuzzle with flamingos (they put kelp in your hair) and prepare fruit kabobs for the parrots (i wasn't going close enough to see what they would do to me).
5	A spectacular place.  Great to get kids in touch with nature.
4	If the Aviary were larger or if it offered a student discount it could easily be a five star establishment.  An enormous collection of domestic and exotic birds, an intrinsic layout, educational without being dumbed down - but quite small in size and high in price.  Especially delightful was the indoor rain forest area and the ability to feed the Lories.  Great for a couple hours of fun, plus the ticket fee is going to a good cause.
5	always have a great time here.
4	I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 because (1) it was a lot smaller than I anticipated and (2) some parts of it are under construction.  Aside from that, its a fun thing to do for about an hour or two.
3	Its a neat little place to see! it is a little small, but some of the birds come right up to you and they have a great variety of birds!! Just be sure to take your time as you go through it and you will see more and more!!  It is well kept and clean, too. Kids seem to like it on a hit or miss basis. Its not an visually entertaining as other areas are, but it is really great for older kids!
4	For years now, I have been telling my boyfriend about my hopes and dreams in life.  One that kept coming up, time and time again, was that I wanted to hug a penguin someday.  I was resigned to the fact that this would never happen - where on earth would I possibly be able to hug a penguin?  Antarctica?  Not going there.  Zoos - yeah, they have gates separating me from the huggable waddlers.  So it was just another dream destined to never come true - until my 26th birthday when my boyfriend presented me with two tickets to the Penguin Encounter at the National Aviary.I was so childishly excited when we arrived at the Aviary one Saturday.  We were early for the penguin encounter, so we explored the rest of the Aviary first.  I was surprised at how delightful and interesting it was - yeah it's just birds, but like - who knew birds could be so cool?  It's essentially a zoo for birds, which sounds boring, but it is not!My favorite part (besides the penguins) was going in the tropical habitat room.  This trainer gathered up a big crowd of us and did a feeding demonstration which was awesome.  Only kids got to be participants - well, it was an unspoken rule, but how dumb would I look standing up there with a bunch of 5 year olds - so that was a bummer.  But wow - watching these kids throw a grape in the air and this beautiful multicolored bird swoops down to catch it.  Birds were rushing past me so fast I felt a breeze by my ears.  The air was just buzzing with life, and the trainer was really knowledgeable and gave us a great, interactive show.When it was time for the Penguin Encounter, i was thrilled to hear that we were the only two signed up that day.  Technically as many as 8 people can do it at a time, and I would've been so furious if there were 6 dumb kids getting all up on my penguin time, but fortunately that was not the case.  We were brought to a classroom, and sat on some low benches close to the ground.  We heard some weird honking sounds coming from behind a partition.A few minutes later, a trainer (Chris, I think?) came in, and opened a door to a little cage where our new penguin friend Elvis had been hiding.  Apparently he had been honking to alert us to his presence, and perhaps to ascertain whether or not we were also penguins (nope).  Elvis waddled around us for a while, rather disinterested, but he LOVED his trainer.  He kept plummeting into Chris's lap in this really hilarious way, flapping his wings with the sheer delight of being so close to his buddy.  To keep him still, Chris had to put a hand on his beak, and then Elvis chilled out enough for us to be able to pet him.  He was feathery, not surprisingly, and a very cute little guy.  Whenever Chris let go of him, he'd just sort of wander around and sometimes start heading away from us until Chris would go "hey!  where do you think you're going?" and he'd waddle back.  Chris told us lots about penguins while Elvis tolerated our attention.After a while, Chris put Elvis on a table and we got to take some pictures with him.  I still hadn't gotten my penguin hug, so at one point I moved in a little closer to Elvis and he sort of tried to beak my face, as if to say "back it up lady, we just met!"  Learned that penguins don't really like to be hugged, and they mostly just tolerate being petted (unless you are their beloved trainer).After the photo op, we went outside with Chris and watched him put Elvis back in the penguin enclosure.  We watched him swim around in a showoffy manner for a while before we left.  It was a SUPER cool thing to be one-on-one with a wild animal (and an adorable one at that), but sadly my dream of hugging a penguin is not yet realized.  But maybe I should stop wanting wild animals to be like house pets, and just be content that I got to pet him at all!Super fun day - definitely recommend the Aviary in general, and the Penguin Connection if you are a fan of the silly creatures!
4	After seeing the movie "The Birds" I never really had the desire to go to here because I thought somehow I would be attacked if I went there.  Well, I had to face my fears when I had a meeting scheduled there!  I reluctantly went, but my mind was changed very  quickly!  We received a personal tour and it ended up being pretty cool!  It's really awesome to be able to walk into a room with tons of colorful and interesting looking of birds flying around you.  I must admit, I did have to duck and run a couple of times for fear of getting pooped on!  But thankfully there were no close calls.  There's a really beautiful room with a pond and lots of birds literally walking around you.  Of course, the best thing to see here are the penguins.  They're just so fun to watch waddling around!  You definitely need to go!
5	It's great that the national aviary is right here in Pittsburgh. Well actually, it's just the name and it's really not recognized as America's aviary. But on to the bird zoo. It's an awesome place with countless birds, including bald eagles, penguins, falcons, parrots, greys, and so much more. They aren't in cages, they fly and wander in natural surroundings. The best part of the aviary is meeting the penguins. Named mainly after famous hockey stars, Sid is the star of the penguins.The National Aviary is a jewel here in the burgh, I advise pittsburghers and visitors alike to flock to the aviary and help them stay afloat or this will be one of those bygone memories.
5	Gone as a teacher with kindergartners, as a birthday girl and as a member...I think this place is quite cool not to mention highly educational. The birds are cage-free and interactive. They have feedings scheduled daily and there are "shows" that can be purchased (I have done the former and had a blast!). A terrific place to spend an afternoon for a Pittsburgher or an impressive way to entertain out of town guests :)
4	This place was great. It had a penguin exhibit where you can crawl into it and get up close to the penguins, allowing you to feel like you are a penguin!  I loved the room with the pelicans. Seeing the feeding in that room is a must.  If you are in the room early in the day and return for the feeding, you will wonder where all the birds were hiding!  I loved the pelican... such a huge bird.  I also liked the bird buddy we had who followed us around in the rain forest area, coming just a foot from our feet.  The little guy seems pretty adventurous, he actually snuck out into the dessert area with some guests who did not notice and then was let back in his room.  My child enjoyed the "meet the patient" time with the bird doctor.  He got to feed the duck a cricket.  I'd give five stars but I think it's annoying that you have to paying for the shows they have. We did not go to any shows because I wasn't sure if my child would sit for them and it seemed really over priced to take that risk.  If you go to all the shows you can spend $45 a person! I find that very overpriced.  The facilities of this place really are not all that large.
5	Do not miss this place! Honestly, I'm biased. I have a biology degree and work in field biology. I love birds. But this place is SO COOL. My best friend and I got a chance to visit here for the first time back in 2009 (he lives in town). We go every single time I visit now. I love the new exhibit. I wish they hadn't changed their flight shows but oh well. I am in love with the Stellar Sea Eagle's and Wookie (the sloth). I could spend days and days here. Be sure and make this a stop when you're in Pittsburgh!
3	It's not very large, but it's a lot of fun. The penguins are great, and we really enjoyed how close you could get to all the birds. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
4	Fun place, especially for kids.  Make sure you get to meet the Penguins.  The main room with the birds flying around and strutting their stuff is fun,,,just don't wear your best cloths...one guy got some white stuff on him from a flying bird...lol.
4	Survival Guide/ Review9 years of living on the North side and somehow I had never been to the Aviary. How does one not do that? It seems time had flown by...Flash forward...pssshhhhuuu (Flash forward noise) There I am surrounded by families with their kids feeling rather old for the (bird watching on easy mode) Aviary, but alas I was excited to be there. Every room is different, a gumball machine of different selections. There are a few rooms that the employee's use to unleash live birds onto you as proposed meals for the day. Make sure you bring something to keep them away. A cricket bat seems to work efficiently. There is even a room where the ceiling rains to recreate a wetlands area. What's really going on here is that they are using the water to distract you so the flamingos can move in closer into striking distance. Again, a cricket bat works well. At first I was in awe of the different rooms due to the large differences in each one but soon I realized this was just a ploy to confuse you. Keep this in mind while you make your way through there. Now hear me out here, there is a bird there...beware of this bird. is called the Rhinoceros Hornbill. This bird is a bit larger than a full grown man and has a roar of a raptor. I am fully sure that this is a bird that will escape eventually. If the documentary called Jurassic Park has taught us anything it is that you can't cage giant creatures that feed on the bones of men.If you do make it through all the rooms, there is a session where they feed the Penguins, they use fish to do so and the kids seem to really love it. The people there are all very informative and honestly really do try to make the people have a great experience. I highlighted the fact that they use fish because frankly I think this is just a gateway drug to using humans. It's just a matter of time guys...just a matter of time. Don't forget your cricket bat.
5	B-b-b-bird, bird, bird, b-bird's the word at Pittsburgh's National Aviary!  Wandering through recreated habitats as Melba Finche flit, American Flamingo eye suspiciously, and Laughing Kookaburra titter incessantly will make you feel like a kid again.  The Bald Eagle strut, the Andean Condor spreads its impossibly wide wings, and the penguins waddle.After a trip to Belize a few years ago where brightly colored birds like Toucans and Honeycreepers abounded, husband's ornithological curiosity was piqued.  He's slowly been teaching himself -- and me, as a result -- more and more about bird identification, so I wanted to surprise him with a visit to the National Aviary on our last trip to Pittsburgh.  The concept of zoos sometimes makes me sad, so I was wary about what I'd find at the aviary; shouldn't birds be able to spread their wings and roam?!?  The National Aviary does its best to preserve the highest quality of life possible for its avian friends, however, complete with a bird hospital (where everyday citizens can bring injured birds they find to receive treatment right alongside the Aviary's permanent residents) and huge rooms mocked-up to look like natural habitats where many birds remain uncaged and free.  Many of the species found here are threatened, endangered, or even extinct in the wild as well, making the Aviary's "collection" all the more important.We *loved* our time at the Aviary.  My personal favorite portion of our visit was the Grasslands and Savannah habitat with all its various tiny little finch chirping and bouncing through flight.  Incidentally, husband's favorite portion of our visit -- the endangered, rainbow-patterned Gouldian Finch of Australia -- also live in the Grasslands exhibit.My one complaint about the Aviary is the lack of info placards.  What am I looking at?  Where do they live?  What do they eat?  Maybe I'm just an information nerd, but I was thirsting for more knowledge on our visit.Pop by the bird-themed gift shop before you head out, too.  I love me a good gift shop, and this one provided some laughs.Papa-oom-oom-oom-oom-ooma-mow-mowOom-oom-oom-oom-ooma-mow-mow!
5	A well deserved 5-star rating for this aviary which houses some of the most beautiful god's creations. The number of birds at this aviary is around 600, most of them endangered. The birds here look very happy because they are cared for so beautifully by the staff. Each staff member we encountered knew the birds by name. It was clear that the staff shared a special bond with the birds. The facility, I read somewhere, is recently renovated and it clearly shows. The place is very clean, well-maintained and has a great atmosphere. The entrance fee of $13 +$5 (1 bird show) is definitely worth spending. The Sky Deck show which featured raptors (eagles, black kites, vultures) was stunning. It's perfect for adults and young adults. For kids, Parrots of the Caribbean may be more appropriate.   Feeding the Lories is another must do to be "one on many" with the beautiful Lorikeets. You purchase nectar and feed the Lories while they sit on your stretched-out arms. My wife was so happy to be so up close and personal with these multicolored birds. Do not miss the feeding times for other birds. The instructors will let you feed some of the birds during that time and it is a wonderful experience. Each exhibit area is designed very well and in some case the birds walk/fly aroundyou like they would in their natural habitat. It is worth visiting Pittsburgh just for the National Aviary. Check out some of the photos from my visit in June 2012.
4	I am just going to jump right in. The Aviary will blow your mind.  The entire museum all on one floor and is a great time for little kids as well as older kids.  There are regularly scheduled birds shows too, where the kiddies can interact with a feathered friend. As a middle schooler I volunteered for the Aviary for two years and gave tours and cared for baby birds. I know the Aviary pretty well and even so many years later I am happy for all of my fond memories.The open flight rooms are really great for attempting to submerge yourself into the real live habitat.  All though they can been hot to simulate a bog or rain forest and maybe even a little smelly they are fun!My favorite bird in the entire Aviary is the Red Crown Cane, a huge majestic bird with red feathers on it's head.   There are also mcCraws and parrots that line the hall way opposite the Red Crown Crane. I would have continued to voluntary at the Aviary but now working takes up the majority of my time.   If you plan on going to the Aviary you are in for a treat.
4	Pretty cool place to visit for kids and grown ups.FIRST: The penguin show! So you pay an extra $30 and a small group of 6-8 sit in a small hallway with one of the penguins! He just stands around or may walk between your feet but don't touch him! Not because you're not allowed to but rather, he's not a puppy. He doesn't realize petting and biting are not the same thing. If you want to pet him, the trainer will hold his head and let you feel his back and wings but if you want to touch him while he's walking past your feet, no ones going to stop you because you signed a waiver.The bird exhibits are pretty cool too. They have feeding times published and it's quite a show. They'll let kids and adults put food in their hands and wait for birds to come snatch it.Lots of pretty birds, fun, the penguin part makes it totally worth it!
3	It's worth a visit, but the place is a little on the SMALL side.  General admission is $13 and we ended up only spending about an hour here.  There are several different sections including Tropical Rainforest, Penguin Point, Bald Eagles, Wetlands, and Grasslands.  My favorite were finches in the Grasslands which have vibrant colors and are so small.  I think the place seems to be geared more towards kids and they could use more exhibits to keep adults entertained.
4	My coworkers and I went here in July for a workday outing. The whole staff was very accommodating to us and helped us with our food situation when we decided not to eat at their cafe, but helped us enjoy a meal at the real Atria's. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the birds, I am more of a cuddle animal person (so animals I can picture squeezing *_*) but I enjoyed getting up close and personal to these awesome creatures. Being able to feed them in during the feeding sessions was such a fun experience!
5	The early bird catches the worm.  For real.I arrived at the Aviary with my 8 yr old cousin as soon as it opened, and bc we were there so early we got to help them feed the birds in the Wetlands exhibit.Little dude got to hold up dead fish and meal worms and have the birds swoop and take them out of his hands.  The entire time this was going on, I was sitting with my jacket pulled over my head praying i didn't get shat on, but I didn't so that was cool.Dead fish?  Dead worms?  Getting them yanked out of your hand by a bird?  Lets just say, my cousin thought I was FREAKING AWESOME.The Aviary is beautiful.  I come here as often as I can.  Do stay for the shows, they are worthwhile.
4	Fun time, but as others have said it's not really a big place--a few hours should suffice. Definitely dress casually because you could get pooped on or have some water drip from the ceiling. There are lots of hands-on opportunities, especially for children; be sure to bring a wad of $1 bills to drop in the donation bucket to take advantage of the feeding opportunities.The penguin exhibit is the most intimate I've seen around, which is of course a great highlight in the Pittsburgh area. The outdoor condor exhibit was closed for winter and another outdoor display was vacant.We paid the extra $5 for the Parrots of the Caribbean show. It was predictably corny and a few of the animals weren't interested in performing. I can't fault them (they are animals!), but I will say that show was probably best for little kids. Older attendees without kids might just want to skip the show and save the money for something else.The cafe is more like a snack shop, despite the name brand sponsorship from Atria's. We had a loaded baked potato soup that was really good, but don't expect to get much of a meal here. Most of the offerings are things you'd see at a sporting event (chicken strips, pretzels, nacho chips, etc). They offer a few salads, but I can't vouch for the quality.Bring your camera! Photography is encouraged in all areas except the show. Flashes are OK too. You can get some really great photos. I've posted a few of mine.
4	Love it!  There are all kinds of birds here, and as you walk through there is great visual communication to help you identify what you're seeing, and some interesting facts.  We were able to see most of the birds easily.  There is a Grasslands room, Wetlands room, and a tropical room where the birds are free-roaming.  It's really cool to see them up close (but I did keep checking above me).  The penguin exhibit is really up-close!  There are lots of benches, and I imagine if you had an annual membership it would be a nice place to come sit and read or enjoy the birds for a little while.  As two adults, we were through it in about an hour.  There is a lot of programming for children, and you may want to check ahead t get a schedule of feeding times/shows/etc on the day you are going.  There is also a pretty large cafe area.  I'll give it one less star though because some of the areas are pretty tight, and I saw people with strollers struggling with a few of the doors between exhibits (not automatic).
5	I have not been here in 10 years and I am still shocked how great it is now.  It doesn't smell like bird Poo and the birds on exhibit were great. You really get into the show in many of the exhibits here.  Don't be a cheap ass. Spend the three dollars for a little dish to feed the birds behind the tropical rain forest exhibit.
5	I adore the Aviary. A perfect place to spend an afternoon, especially if it's cold outside, as some of the exhibits are so nice and toasty. We've done the penguin encounter twice now, once a few years ago when they first started the penguin encounter and again last spring. I will say our first experience was FANTASTIC. They originally did the encounter in a small classroom, away from all the hustle and bustle of the crowds. You sat on risers or on the floor and were able to really interact with the penguins. I have some AMAZING pictures from that experience where Simon, the penguin, actually hopped into our laps and let us touch him. He even threw his head back and brayed for me at one point! They let us play with him with bubbles and laser lights and it was just AWESOME. Even the trainers were shocked that he just walked up to us and hopped in our laps. He even groomed my mother! I was hoping our experience last spring would be similar, but it was actually really disappointing. They took us to a curtained off area in the lobby, next to the cafeteria, where all the noise and distractions from the crowds made it almost impossible to hear the person talking. The trainer and assistant who were leading our experience were very knowledgeable, but the assistant was SO jumpy. Anytime anyone even got close to Simon, she would yell at us not to touch him or to watch our fingers because we might get bit. Now obviously, you know if you do this there's the chance you can get bit or hurt and that could end up in stitches or injury. We get it. We signed your waiver. Breath. And obviously, noone wants to do anything that would hurt Simon. But if the little guy runs up to you, it's really upsetting when the volunteer rushes in and shoos you away. I was just really disappointed, especially after how amazing our previous experience had been. But back to the positives of the actual aviary. They have amazing exhibits and I love the interactive experiences they offer. My grandmother held her very first worm for one of the birds to take during our visit and it was a blast.
5	Love going here! It has such a nice variety
5	Wow. Awesome previous reviews - hard to make a real statement after them. We loved the Aviary and are members. My daughter loves visiting the aviary, and we make a once monthly visit. This is a really great place for a quick family trip out, especially during the cold winter months. Support their efforts and visit them!Only "cons" are that it is a bit small, and on rare occasions while walking around the areas where birds are flying free, you had best watch your step, and watch where you stand!
4	Wish I went here sooner.... Very neat birds to and the habitat installations are great! Most of the exhibits are indoor with a few indoor- outdoor so that you can interact. Such as the penguins one. Best exhibits for me would be the wetlands room, and the tropical room with the flamingos, but watch out for presents dropping from the sky! It does make more fun bird watching. There are information boards posted with pictures of the birds so you can match up. Currently there is a baby owlet (sp?) Its huge and fuzzy and adorable but only out a few hours a day. I would recommend paying extra to feed the birds and making sure you catch a bird show. Great interactive choices for children, but as adult I enjoyed meandering through the exhibits. My only only gripe is that there could be a little more variety of what they have to view, but maybe that is limited by size of the facility. If you wander to quick you Will be done in a n hour, maybe pair this up with a visit to Carnegie science center or the Warhol museum if you're not a total bird lover. $15 to get in for the basic adult price I think 20-25$ for bird feeding etc. My favorites were the Sea Eagles, penguins, and flamingos. Parking is street and is metered and you will get a ticket on the weekend! Even if the little sticker with parking times is scratched off the meter. Update there is a parking lot off of Arch st, upon further investigation of arch st via my job ( I had to drop in at Kindred hospital) i learned this oops!
4	Get nuzzled by a penguin.This is the place you can go if you want to take pictures of a penguin and potentially get nuzzled by a penguin. I don't really think I need to say much more than this but I will because I like typing and I already have the Yelp window open.Yeah, the penguin experience is 30 bucks on top of the regular admission (averages out to a dollar a minute to hang out with a penguin) but it is a nice, quirky thing to do. You'll get some cute photos out of it and gain a better understanding of these silly creatures. I do recommend it.The rest of the aviary is nice. It's a bit small and you can probably run through the whole thing in about a half hour if you don't stop too long for photos. They have some bald eagles and exotic birds. The staff is very friendly and passionate about avian life.
4	The Aviary is one of Pittsburgh's many, many interesting museums/zoos, and it's a fantastic place to visit. In recent years they've done some impressive re-designs to help introduce new species and expand their show options, and they've done such a good job expanding and evolving over time.Anyone visiting will get to enjoy seeing eagles, penguins, parrots and macaws, Chuckles the Kookaburra, and multiple species of birds living together in the other exhibits (wetlands, deserts, etc.). Plus, visitors also have the chance to see several free feeding sessions a day, as well as pay a small extra fee to enjoy one of many, many shows, including Skydeck (a blast for fans of raptors like myself), Talons (more raptors), up close and personal viewing times with the penguins, owls, and all kinds of other birds...I can't even remember all of their program options. Plus, you can buy nectar to feed the little lorri parakeets at specific times of the day. I highly encourage all visitors to make sure you go to at least one special show, because a ton of the Aviary's birds are not even on display and can only be seen at these special events. It's mind boggling when you begin to think about how many birds are really here and how much work the staff puts into caring for them all.One addition to the Aviary I have mixed feelings about here is their little food-stop, which they call the Kookaburra Kitchen and is a small Atria's spin-off/branch. The food here is...ok? I mean, it's mostly your typical junk food with some salad and fruit cup options, nothing spectacular. (The food gets infinitely better during special evening events, I've noticed.) The biggest problem I have here is their inability to figure out how long it will take to finish making something; just today I was promised my food would be ready in 5 minutes. Going on 15 minutes later I walked up and had to get my money back so I could go to the show I bought a ticket for. It is definitely not a fantastic eatery on any level and frankly, I doubt I'm going to continue to bother with it in the future.The Aviary all in all definitely has a nice mixture of interesting but educational exhibits that give the birds that need their space their space, while still featuring other exhibits that allow visitors to get up close to the calmer and nicer birds. I highly recommend checking it out; use their website to plan your day in advance, figure out the shows that you want to see, and then make sure you plan on eating long before they start or after they end. Or better yet, eat before/after you come to Aviary - this place is great for enjoying and learning about birds, but a great kitchen, it does not have.
4	This is a great opportunity for zoo fans. Some of the exhibits are integrated, meaning that the birds have an open habitat that is also their exhibit. The staff even open the feeding times up for visitors to feed some of the birds from their hands! One of the reasons that this isn't a five star choice is that some of the said staff can be a little gruff around "rules" and communicating them. Understandable, given the amount of children and chiding for listening ears, but not necessary.We sent our preschoolers to the Feathers and Fun camp they had, and they had a great time. The first drop off was difficult for my boys, and they had trouble with me leaving. I received a phone call 15 minutes later from one of the staffers reassuring me that they were ok, and had calmed down and jumped into the activities. Take your family, take your kids!
5	The national aviary is a wonderful ,and a beautiful place to display birds and protect the endangered.  Penguin point was great, they all look so happy and are definately well taken care of! Although not a big space, I think it would be very difficult to have a bigger space with the amount of care that goes into taking care of these birds.  Each area is amazing( wetlands, grasslands). Unlike zoos, they are not caged but freely flying around.  The layout is a lot like the Phipps conservatory in Pittsburgh.  I encourage everyone to go, nothing else like it!
5	We did the Penguin Encounter yesterday and it was very cool. The place has much more to offer than it did years ago. The Eagles were amazing to see too! I was pleasantly surprised with the entire visit.
4	I visited the Aviary for the first time for one of the "Aviary at Night" events.  Once a month on a Thursday, the Aviary opens its doors from 5:00-9:00 for an over 21 event.  The down side to this event is that there are no scheduled feedings or shows.  The plus side is that you aren't swamped by kids, you can wander through certain areas with a glass of wine (the main hallway with the bald eagle and the penguin area) and you get to see birds at a time most people don't get to see them.In addition to the no kids, the cafe has a nice menu of specials (pulled pork nachos, salmon grilled cheese, a fruit and cheese tray).  There is also a bar with beer, wine and mixed drinks.  It was a fun event and something I will likely return to in the future.  The Aviary is divided into themed areas.  There was at least one volunteer in each area ready to answer questions you had about the various birds and bird calls.  There is a tropical rain forest with an array of colorful (and talkative) birds.  It is a free flight area where you may need to watch your step and look out above.  Most of the birds will keep their distance.  One that seems to greet you and say "you'd better behave in MY house" is the Crowned Pigeon.  It has a beautiful blue color and peacock like tail.  There was a very distinct call, but I had no way of knowing which bird it was.  It would be nice if they had some sort of interactive display or listening station that had examples of the various bird's calls so you can know what you are listening to.  The wetlands is another free flight area.  The most visible birds in this area are the flamingos.  I'm not sure what was going on that evening, but the flamingos were having some sort of fight (or very loud play).  It was interesting to watch and seemed to get all the other birds riled up.  It got quite loud!  Another interesting bird in this area was the brown pelican.  A lot of the other birds were interesting but unfortunately, not knowing a lot about birds, I couldn't identify them.Grasslands has another free flight area with finches, doves and more.  They were quite vocal as well.  And colorful.  At the end of this exhibit were two lively parrots who chatted saying things like "hello" and "hi ya!" along with whistling.  It was fun watching them and waiting to see what they would say next.Canary's Call, Eagle Hall and Penguin Point all feature birds that you watch through the glass.  The bald eagle was incredibly majestic.  Seemed like he was strutting his stuff saying "yes, I know I am impressive!"  And the penguins were quite fun to watch splashing and swimming around in their enclosure.I had plenty to see, I just expected that the Aviary would be larger then it was with more to see.  I guess if you go during normal hours your visit can be expanded by one of the feedings or shows.  I also wish there was more signage or interactives to give visitors a better sense of what they were seeing (and hearing).  Overall, I really enjoyed the Aviary and will have a return visit.
3	I really like the aviary. The birds are cool, the enclosures are decorated well, but everything about this place is small! I wonder if the animals get to go to other cages at night? I can't imagine that 2 owls like living in a 3 foot aquarium? I don't know, maybe I am wrong, but some of the cages seem small. On top of that, the whole place is way smaller than other aviaries I have been to.
5	You in Pittsburgh? Go here. Lots of rare species of endangered birds get rescued and put here to live their lives in a pretty nice place.
4	I had a really fun time at the Aviary! It was free day for BNY Melloners and their families, so the hubs got me in for free. I'm a bit of an aspiring artist, and birds are one of my favorite subjects to paint/draw, so I got a lot of inspiration watching all the vibrant, colorful creatures. We got there just in time for bat feeding, which was really neat. The workers are very knowledgeable and are prepared to answer any question. Also learned some new things about penguins from the guy feeding them. Did you know that DNA testing is the only way to determine what gender the penguins are? In fact, they have some that were named before they were gender tested. They have a female penguin named Patrick. I wish they had more owls, but they are such shy, wild creatures that I'm also glad they don't have them. We also would have liked to have seen some peregrine falcons, but none of those either. Probably my favorite room was the grasslands room. It's pretty small, with low ceilings, and there are birds flying free all around you! A few times I was afraid of stepping on one while it was hopping across the pathway. Room with the flamingos was awesome too. The Aviary was great, and totally deserves it's "National" status. I just wish it was a little bigger! We went through it in about an hour.
5	I instantly adored this place when I walked in and was greeted by a sloth. Why a sloth was at the National Aviary? I cannot tell you. But I was glad it was there and doing it's thang. Other things I loved: Watching all the interactive feedings. PRO TIP: go online and check their website schedule before you go. We happened to come a little after noon and we were in time for a bunch of interactive shows and it was great! I got to feed the pelicans, hold up worms in the air and have birds dive bomb to my hands to snatch them out and pet the penguins (through the glass). You can actually get up close to the penguins and flamingos and pay extra to do so, which is great if you've got kids and you really wanna see that extra joy across their face. Second PRO TIP: come with singles. At the interactive shows, for a small donation you get to do some extra fun things. There's a lot of emphasis on our role as humans impacting the environment and the good/bad consequences on the animals. I like that. :) And remember people: You do NOT have to be a kid or HAVE a kid to enjoy this place. Come out and learn and support!
4	This place is really cool. So many birds. The shows were very interesting as well. The food court has some good pizza too.
5	This place is amazing! They have birds sorted by the habitats they inhabit and at certain times during the day they let you watch them feed the birds in the different exhibits. In the rainforest exhibit, they even let you hold a little mealworm in your hand and feed the birds yourself. They also let you feed the lorikeets in the "canary's call" section, which is great because the birds will climb all over your arms, shoulders, and head to get to the cup of nectar you're holding. I can't wait to come back.
4	A great time seeing different kinds of birds up close! We got there right as they were feeding the bats and they were HUGE bats. Hard to see much, though. We saw a rhino horn bill (crazy looking), eagles, toucans, parrots, flamingos, pheasants, canaries, condors and cute little woodland birds. The place isn't that big - has a few different rooms; you can see everything in an hour or so. They even have a sloth too! The highlight for me was the penguin feeding; they were so cute and we got to see them so close up! The guide was very knowledgeable and chatted with us for a bit after. I wanted to send my mom a postcard but they didn't sell em! Thus the 4 stars instead of 5... :/
