4	We found this new little 50's kitch grill last Saturday quite by accident. Drove by it, flipped the car around, parked, poked our head in to see if it was nasty, took a chance and were very pleased!My camera was at home, battery dead this day so no foodie pics. So sorry! This restaurant is quite large, bigger than you'd expect. But it's not jammed with tables leaving you feel like you can breathe. There is a nothing but booths here save for a few stools at the countertop. Additionally, there is a large viewing window into a garage(SUPER clean) where it looks like you can watch old fashioned cars get suped into hot rods(thus the name). This day the garage was empty but how fun would it be to watch them working!The menu was succinct and head a little bit of something for everyone including breakfast items as well desserts and floats. Might I mention that the prices are phenomenal especially for the portions you receive. For a family of four, we walked out with a meal and drink each for under $35.Tried: Chicken tenders with regular fries. The coating on the tenders was buttery and super crunchy. All white meat. Fries not soggy and not overly salted.Veggie Burger with regular fries. This is not a veggie burger pretending to be meat. It's filled with grains and loads of flavor. It is served with the usual toppings, all chilled and decidedly not soggy.Chili dog with regular fries. HUGE. And not the cheap dog. Very juicy, very snappy on the outside. And HUGE. The chili tasted as though it was made on premises. The beans not mushy and the flavoring not overpowering. Tuna melt with upcharged sweet potato fries. Served warm on thick sliced buttered and toasted sourdough bread. Your choice of cheese. I was told it had tomato but mine did not arrive with said veggie. No bigs to me. Easily ammended if I wished it so. The sweet potato fries are crinkly and crunchy and sweet. Our server, Kristen, was a doll. I mean, a DOLL. So cute, talkative but only just the right amount. Spoke directly to each of my children and was very attentive to our needs and drinks. The place is spotless. If not finished. They are not actively marketing or announced their grand opening as they are waiting on finishing out the soda shake stand as well as a few other finishes that I, a week later, forgot about. Don't let this deter you.This is a family friendly place, very affordable, straightforward and worth a shot. We may be heading there tonight for a second viewing. I may just have to give those floats or shakes a whirl...as it were....!
5	Somehow, the husband and I have managed to pass this place like a million times, never even noticing its presence.  This Saturday we decided to give it a go, arriving at about 10:55 to eat some breakfast.  Uh-Oh.  The menu says they don't serve breakfast after 11 and I was about to get really angry because of the lack of food in my belly but our server was super sweet and said breakfast wouldn't be a problem.  YAY!We both ordered the breakfast bowls, and I got mine with bacon.  While waiting for our food, the husband and I made plenty of snide remarks about how this had to be better than the Two Hippies Crappy Breakfast Dumb.  Sure enough, it was soooooo much better.  First of all, our food wasn't served in environmentally unfriendly styrofoam.  Second, it was actually in a BOWL!  Imagine that!  I dug my fork in and got a nice helping of potatoes, cheesy goodness, fluffy egg, and delicious bacon.  The bite was simply wonderful.  The potatoes were super crispy on the outside, but soft and fluffy inside.  There were not one, but TWO layers of ooey gooey cheese in that bowl, making an ordinary dish extraordinary.  Now, don't get me wrong... this is not the world's greatest breakfast, but it is pretty freakin good.  The service was friendly.  The food was fresh, non-greasy, and delicious.  My favorite part of all though, would have to be the no-nonsense diner attitude.  Give it a try!
4	So I saw this place on Chow Bella when they first opened and I'd been meaning to get there for weeks.  Unfortunately, I never really knew where it was so it never occured to me to look for it.  So we happened to be driving to Parlor the night before and I spotted it.  The next morning, we were up (late) and headed right for it to get some breakfast.  We were a bit worried they wouldn't be serving breakfast at 11 but they were happy to make it for us.I ordered the breakfast bowl with sausage.  Now, I'd like to refer the Breakfast Joint people to the breakfast bowl here at Hot Rod Grill.  THIS, is how a breakfast bowl should be done: 1st - it should be in a damn bowl. 2nd - it should have two layers of cheese. 3rd - it should not look like soup on the bottom of the bowl from all of the grease.  Hot Rod does them perfectly.  This is exactly how breakfast should taste.  It may be $1 more than breakfast joint but at least you don't have to look at naked hippies while you eat - PLUS - the food takes the normal 5-10 minutes to prepare instead of the 30+.  I'd be wary of this place if you don't like traditional 50's diner style places.  If you hate 5 & Diner for more than just their terrible food, you probably won't like this place.  It isn't overwhelming like Ed Devebics but it doesn't try and hide it.  If you just finished reading this, you should really bookmark it and try and go next weekend.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5	This place is realy fun. It has a cool theme and the food and service are great. Anybody who wants to enjoy a good burger, hot dog, or chili should stop in. For all you people who don't eat red meat they offer turkey burgers as substitution. They are local and fun. Definatly stop im. Chase out!
