2	Guess it's time to train me a new Jack in the Box crew.On relocating from San Diego, corporate headquarters of Jack in the Box, to Tempe, I finally had the urge to try the neighborhood Jack.I order the same thing every time I go to Jack in the Box...big cheeseburger, add pickles, add onions, add tomato, extra pickle, extra onion, extra tomato.  If I order at the drive-thru, I am asked if the order on the screen is correct...and I drive forward.  Because the company does not start cooking until an order is made, I am OK with a bit longer wait for delivery.  The strange thing here is that the base price of a big cheeseburger is 40 cents more than in California.  Additionally, I was charged 30 cents (15 cents to add and 15 cents for extra) for tomato.  I get that some produce is a bit more expensive and I am OK with paying an upcharge...but if you are going to charge me, make sure I receive what I paid for.  On being delivered my sandwich, I unwrapped and lifted the top bun.  Plenty of pickle and onion and a burger that is seriously hot.  In asking the drive-thru person where the tomato is, she told me it was under the burger.  Putting the top bun back on and flipping it over, there is no tomato under the meat.She apologized and walked to the grill area.  Once there, she picked up 2 slices of tomato and brought them to the window.  She had not put on gloves, she had not washed her hands and she offered me the tomato slices.  "Honey, your hands have been on the register and taking money from people.  I'm not going to take any unwrapped food item from you."  I asked for a refund of the 30 cents.  While she processed the refund, I wrapped the burger up.  She handed me change and I headed home.On arriving home, I ate and called the Jack line, I was advised this location is a franchise-owned store.  The Customer Relations person advised they would let the franchisee know of my concerns.Oh, regrets...Oh, I have many regrets...
1	Avoid this place, It has guys hanging out waiting to tow your car. If you eat there and then shop, they watch as you leave the lot and call a tow.
