4	Opening week and... it's really, really good!Stopped in for breakfast and sampled a few items.Started with the pastry plate, which today was slices of scones: Chocolate Chip, Raspberry, and Raisin. IMO they were a little dense, almost a scone cookie - but still tasty. The BLD Iced Coffee was different. A blend of Irish Creme and French Vanilla coffees it was a bit too sweet for my palate, but my wife thought it was spot on.My wife had the Short Rib Benedict with Fingerling/Shallot potatoes. She really enjoyed the entire entree and was reluctant to share with me. I prevailed and have to add my agreement, a very good dish!I went a little more standard. Biscuits and Sausage gravy with Scrambled eggs and Chorizo potatoes. It was wonderful! Fluffy biscuits, tasty Sausage Gravy, eggs dry but not rubbery, nice chunks of red potatoes mixed with a good chorizo... remembering is making me hungry!I thought the food was excellent. Impressive for an opening week.The service was warm and friendly, although our server had to return to the kitchen several times to fill in knowledge gaps.I'm looking forward to coming back here to try L & D and definitely B again!
5	I really enjoyed the breakfast. I had the short rib benedict and my friend had the green chili pork tostada with 2 eggs over easy on top. For the restaurant just being open for 2 days I thought all in all things were good.  We sat at the bar and had very good service and the prices we very reasonable. I will be going back for breakfast at least once a week.
4	Lunch was great and the place is super comfortable and has a great vibe. The ownership and management team are real pro's. We had a tasty turkey and Brie sandwich and an entre salad. The desserts are amazing, especially the bread pudding and the cheesecake that was smartly presented. Took a peek at the wine list and found nice glass and bottle selections. Can't wait to return for lunch.
3	We tried dinner, salads were nice and fresh, very tasty, rocky road bread putting was just Ok, needed more choc chips maybe even some white choc chips would have been really good.  Service was slow and confused.  Trying lunch today and service is still a problem, even sitting at the bar, all said still better than Uncle bears but not even close to being as good as Oregano which is next door.  I hope they do something quick to make the needed improvements
4	We had been anticipating this opening date for a few weeks.  We decided to try it on Sunday evening and were not disapointed.I enjoyed the meatloaf, it's almost as good as mine, and my wife had the Herbed Chicken with a side of caprese salad, heirloom tomatos and fresh mozzarella cheese.  We both had Boursin mash my second side was the garlic spinach, it was wonderful, lots of garlic.I partook of the bloody mary special, very spicy and my wife a glass of the house chardanay.The staff was quite attentive, still a little green but that will change as they grow accustomed to the menu and food flow.We are eagerly looking forwad to enjoying the breakfast menu as well as the lunch.This looks to be a great addition to the local Chandler restaurant scene, along with the additon of Oregano's Pizza and hopefully Tia Rosa.I would have given it a 5 Star on the food, and they will probably get that as the staff gets better at what they do.
4	Excited this place is finally open! The short rib dip was delicious, and the mac and cheese couldn't have been better. Definitely get the mac and cheese. Atmosphere is just what we need in this neck of the woods. The bar could definitely be a nice place for happy hour in the future.The service left a lot to be desired, but I'm hoping that gets better with time.  Overall, great new place! Looking forward to going back to try more.
1	We went on a Sunday around 11am we got seated right away.  The menu is trying to be like a new-american style type of menu.  I ordered chicken and waffles and the Bo ordered a breakfast burrito.  Our meals took around 25 minutes to come out and my boyfriend even commented saying how all the people sitting next to us NO ONE had a plate in front of them.  Sunday must have been a new employee training day because there was so many kids wandering around and around the restaurant with no real task at hand.  The coffee.... the coffee was good.  Then, FINALLY our food came out.  My chicken was good and it was a baked chicken breast breaded.  My waffle was HALF a waffle.  Two pieces came out and they were toasted cajun style (like a brick) i think they were seasoned with a pepper or something too?  My scrambled eggs came out already mixed with syrup.  Boy's burrito came out on a green pita wrap tortilla and carne mixed with eggs and some avocado on the side.  The "carne" or meat had a lot of fat on it.  Breakfast was $30.  I wont be back.
2	I would be happy to give BLD more stars, except for the fact that it took 40 minutes (!!) to get our food. Service: We went on a Sunday around noon, and were seated right away.  There were numerous managers lingering about and way too many waiters/staff.  It was absolute chaos.  For one, they have only one tiny entrance to the kitchen, so there was a constant traffic jam of employees standing around waiting for food to be ready.  Many employees seemed to be running around back and forth for no apparent reason. They were very disorganized...I hope they get things figured out soon.  Food: The food was actually pretty good....hence 2 stars and not 1.  The guys had burgers which they very much enjoyed.  I had the green chili pork tostada.  It needed more pork, more green chili sauce, and less beans. Definitely too much refried beans. Flavor was very good though.Coffee was great, but with one big problem:  it would be nice to have a carafe at the table.  I was left waiting too long for a refill several times over the course of our meal.  They really don't need the full carafe of creamer at the table...a simple porcelain creamer container would have done just fine.  Perhaps they can replace the cream filled carafe with a coffee filled one! Overall, I think BLD has a lot of potential, but they have many kinks to work out with the service before I'd be back.
2	After reading the other reviews, I agree. Service not very good :( Took forever to get iced tea refills, and no sweet n low. Maybe need larger beverage glasses. We were on the patio and had to constanly ask for refills and extra ice (it was warm and the ice was melting fast). Service has lots of improving to do. Food was good. The thick cut bacon, not so good. Hope they can get the service issue better :)
4	Had lunch here with a friend on what I think was maybe their second day open. We knew they were open, as my friend had called; however, there wasn't any signage to indicate name, that they were open, etc.I ordered the turkey/brie sandwich with sweet potato fries along with a fresh squeezed lemon-aid. I wasn't able to eat the bread that the menu indicated that the sandwich came with; however, they were out of it.  Seemed strange to be out of something on the 2nd day, but the sourdough was ok. Next time I know to specifically ask for wheat.  One note, I had assumed that the turkey would be white meat; however, it was mixed.  Not a huge issue, but it was something that I would have liked to know as I'm not really a huge fan of dark meat. My friend ordered the iced green tea and the grilled portabella salad.  She seemed to really enjoy it, so I think I'll have to try it next time.We went during lunch, but we were also given the breakfast menu.  I will certainly have to go back to try their breakfast items.  It looked YUMMY.
2	BLD, I'm doing this for your own good. My husband and I are huge fans of Cork, so when we heard you were opening a new spot and that we are located in-between the two, we were super excited. Unfortunately, we have been really let down. The first two times I visited I figured they were just still working things out, so was trying not to be too hard on them. But, the sandwich I ordered was pretty greasy and the second time we visited the waiter apparently had nothing else to do, and checked on us an annoying amount of times. They seem to have way too many staff there, most who seem to be very inexperienced and nervous, which makes for an uncomfortable experience. Yesterdays experience was unacceptable. We were sat at lunch, and then sat and sat some more. I kept trying to get the attention of anyone of the 5 servers who were working in our section, nobody even looked at us. Finally we had to leave because nobody came to our table after 15 minutes and hubby only has an hour for lunch. Two stars because I have hope, we are going to let them work out the kinks and try again in a few months.
4	Remembered that the have a drive thru window, so decided to swing by & see if they had good stuff. I got the nonfat white mocha, & it is nice w/out the bitter over roasted coffee. Hubby got the nonfat mocha. Friend tried their irish nut, basically hazlenut with irish cream.They both said the were good, but the irish one disappeared quickly!Nice to get a great cup of fluffy coffee that did not have a burned over-roasted coffee taste.
1	The wife and I stopped in on Saturday afternoon for a mid-afternoon lunch and cocktail.  The server, Joe, took forever to get to out table.  when he did, he hitched up his leg and "scratched the inside of his thigh."  while talking to us.My wife ordered a wine that took 25 minutes to arrive (after we flagged down our server).  Lunch took 45 minutes to show up. We were actually standing up to leave when the server came around the corner with our food.My wife ordered a veggie sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The sandwich had turkey so it had to be remade.  This time, there was no lettuce or the spicy mustard ordered.  When we asked our server, he returned with raspberry dressing. This was pointed out and he finally returned with the correct mustard.  By this time, the croissant was a greasy, sloppy mess.I ordered the french dip which was OK, but the beef was cold and dry which leads me to believe it was made first then sat and sat and sat...  the potatoes in the potato salad had good consistency, but instead of a creamy mix, it was little potatoes swimming in a cream based sauce.  Not sure if this was correct, but ...The comment card in our bill folder was even pre-filled.  I flipped it over and wrote my thought for them there too.  I hope this place gets its act together.Also, the staff should stop worrying about how they look and worry about the guests.
3	Just as AZ has allot of one season (summer) BLD also too has allot of one seasoning salt. The unanimous talk after the meal was about the the heavy handed slating of many of the dishes people ordered. Yes I hang with foodie friends and we discuss meals in great depth. We were here for a friends Birthday Party, while advanced reservations were not possible, we lucked out and sat 15+ around a giant high top table that dominates on section of the dining space. There are also booths normal tables a patio and a bar.At the bar you will find a decent selection of local beers, from san tan, four peaks and even sleepy dog. They also offer larger 20oz glasses. There was a decent looking happy hr menu I would give a try.I was not too hungry and oped just for the seared Ahi app $9. It came with some green but flavorless hummus and equally bland chips, the two things here that lacked salt. The Ahi was of decent quality and the searing was good, the middle did seemed a bit more cooked that I expected and yes there was an excess of salt. This also came with a dollop of cucumber red onion salad. Over all it was decent, nothing special.I did sample some of my friends items, the onion rings side was good, but do I need gourmet onion rings, The mac and cheese was nothing special either.If you are in the mood for comfort food in a fancy setting and don't mind the brineyness of old pirate you may like this place.
4	Great food, but service is slow. I have been a few times because the food is really good, and you can get breakfast until 2pm.
5	One of the best breakfasts I have had.  I had the breakfast sandwich with the chorizo potatos and my wife ordered the eggs benedict with a short rib on top.  Both were amazing but I have to say my favorite part of the meal was the thick cut bacon, its kind of like a ham steak.  This was incredible.  I liked it so much I ordered my second bloody mary with a side of bacon in it.  Don't knock it till you try it.  The best part was the bloody marys are $3.50 all day.  With bacon you do pay extra though!  We have since been back for lunch and several other breakfast and were equally impressed.  Also try the BLD iced coffee.  I will try and post a picture of the bacon mary.
4	I would give this 3.5 if possible. Rating is based upon 5-6 trips that included breakfast, evening apps and entrees. Breakfast has been by far the best the BLD currently has to offer. Have had both the Spanish Omelet with the incredible Linguica Sausage and Manchego cheese, as well as the Green Chili Pork Tostada. The star of the tostada is the braised short rib which is incredibly moist and tender. For sides I've had both the breakfast potatoes and the fingerlings with shallots. The fingerlings were my favorite as they were nice and crispy on the outside and surprisingly soft on the inside. I've also had the Veggie Huevos Rancheros with the Green Chili Pork sauce. I would get this dish again in the future, but will skip the pork sauce. It had a strange sweetness that seemed out of place with a Mexican dish. I expected the sauce to have a bit of a kick. Dinner is where the problems seem to exist, but spoke to the owner (Robert) in general conversation one night and it was encouraging that they were already aware of the issues and taking steps to correct them. They are aware that the quality needs to improve, as well as their timing. My wife and I have both had both the herb roasted chicken and the half roasted organic chicken and found them dry and bland. Also had the chopped salad one evening and found it to be unremarkable. Sides have included the mac cheese w/bacon and caprese salad, which were both good, but nothing memorable. Bar/apps - Bartenders are always friendly and efficient. We usually sit at the bar and love the open window to the patio and they have added a much needed sun screen that addresses the sunlight in the eye issue while sitting at the bar. Apps are maddeningly inconsistent. The bruschetta can be fantastic, especially if you like your bread a little thicker and a little softer. Problem is, I've had the short rib bruschetta and the prosciutto/marlmalade bruschetta and the first time they were loaded with meat and the second time they were surprisingly bare. Also had the charcuterie plate which was fine, but had to return it for missing the parm and Dijon. In addition, they had a killer happy hour app which were the chorizo chili cheese French fries. They were as wonderful and horribly unhealthy as the name suggests. In the end BLD has a lot going for it and would be disappointed if they their dinner experience doesn't see solid improvement over the next few months. With such a talented staff, a little wiggle room to allow for growing pains doesn't seem to be such a bad thing.
1	Wife and I had dinner on sat, April 30. I ordered the organic chicken with shrooms . This is a signature dish and she ordered the beef short rib dinner with Mac and cheese. Well the chicken was like med rare beef, pink and oozing pink juice. Not good. Sent back to kitchen and came back, kinda medium, still pink near the bone. Sent back again and manager came out and said what can we do, so I ordered the tuna which was good. Wife's short rib was not what I am used to for short ribs. No falling off the bone here. Just chunks of beef that was kinda dry and overcooked. Like brisket really. So not to good a first experience. As I tell everyone, if you want good chicken, check out Banderra in Scottsdale. They set the standard for all chicken in the valley. Sooo good.
2	We were at BLD for a Saturday morning breakfast.  Place opened at 8, we were there at 8:10...so it wasn't busy and there was a gaggle of wait staff...all waiting around.  It took forever to get OJ, coffee and waters.  I am an Eggs Benedict fanatic and try them wherever I can.  These were the worst.  The eggs were way underdone.  The waiter was kind enough to remind me that this was the case with Eggs Benedict.  One of the eggs was so underdone that the yolk literally slid out of the runny poached egg white.  It looked like it gave birth in my plate!  On top of that, the Hollandaise was way too tart.  The waiter brought out another poached egg floating in water in a cereal bowl as a replacement.  I looked at him with a "what the h@!* am I supposed to do with this" look.  He took my plate and the bowl and returned with it on a toasted English muffin on the same plate...sans Hollandaise.The general consensus:  there is nothing compelling enough to bring us back.
3	3 stars is generous and only b/c Cork is fantastik. Another very medicre offering. Very pleasant service but food has no taste. Dishes are uninspiring and blang and not visually applealing. Tastes like they microwave dinner. I can stop @ the frozen food section in Fry's and likely do better
5	What a great addition to our neighborhood!  Our server, Joe, was amazing, he was quick to serve us (on a crazy busy Mother's Day to boot) and helped us pick from the line up of yummy dishes.A few growing pains yes, but overall a wonderful experience.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I love this place, let me repeat, I Love This Place!I have been here several times now (not sure why just reviewing now) and I will continue to give them my money and shovel their food and drink into my soul.I have be here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and all meals have been delish.  I especially enjoy the short rib anything (breakfast burrito, short rib dip, and the dinner platter).  Oh and those damn sweet potato fries are the best I have had.  They have set the benchmark for SP fries.  The wine selection is good and I like the way the break it down on the menu.
1	Been here twice and that's enough for me. First time was for drinks and hummus at the bar. The hummus was flavorless and definitely over priced. The second time I sat on the patio for 15 minutes and not a single sever came over. The bartender noticed we were sitting there and did nothing. I won't be back.
4	Tasty home-style food dressed up...service was great
1	If you don't serve an egg substitue, say so.Chopped egg is not an egg substitue.Egg Whites are not an egg substitute.A tablespoon of watery "gravy" over a nearly flat biscuit doesn't work.Bacon should be crisp and unburnt - ready to go.Not charred, flaccid and greasy - as if already spent.Scrambled eggs should be fluffy, or at least not dry and rubbery.Unless stated on your menu, your eggs should not contain quantities of Black Pepper or other spices. This is dangerous. You don't know who might be violently allergic. Tasted bad to boot.The chunk potatoes were undercooked, even though asked for crispy.The tastiest part of the meal was the Chorizo potato soup. The Chorizo could have had several tablespoons of grease drained in the kitchen and would still have been quite greasy - and not floating across the plate.Still, it was the best dish of the morning. .sigh.What was looking to be a promising new place is showing signs of apathy towards is customers already. Quality slipping, lame excuses by staff "we make our own egg substitute", - it's just disappointing. I may not be back for a while.
2	I've been there twice.. once for lunch in the first week that they were open and the food was OK but not worth the price tag.  I figured I'd give them some time and give it another try.  We went for dinner tonight.  Again, the food was OK but not worth the price tag.  I asked if we could get a small bowl of noodles with just some plain Parmesan cheese for my 1 year old and the server pointed us to the 6 dollar spaghetti and meatballs. Children's meals were 6 bucks and didn't include a drink - a 4-6 ounce cup of chocolate milk was an additional 2.75 which seems like a huge rip off. I had to stop the bus boy twice from taking food that we weren't finished eating and then went to take my daughter to the bathroom, and he cleared off my water glass which I had JUST finally gotten refilled.  You'd think after the first time, he would have given us a bit more space/time but that was not the case. My food and my husbands food pretty good but nothing worth the price tag. It's really a shame,  We've been to cork and I really, really wanted to like this place.
2	This morning was our third trip to BLD.  We want to like it, we go out of our way to support local non-chain businesses.SALT, SALT , SALT is all we tasted again.  I appreciate that the cooks can poach an egg correctly, and make a proper over-medium egg.  Why where they covered in salt and pepper?  The biscuits and gravy were almost inedible due to having too much salt.  The breakfast potatoes had visible gains of kosher salt covering them.I ordered a bloody mary, which is unusual for a Monday, I know, but it took 25 minutes and the server said they dont have a bartender in the morning during the week.  Well, there were at least 5-6 servers standing around talking, I think it took all of them to make the drink.We've had a similar overly salted meal at dinner a couple of weeks ago.We want to like BLD but wont be back any time soon.
4	We got the artic char with potatoes, sausage, and bell peppers. Amazing. It reminded me of a jumbalaya, it was creamy and perfect. They threw leeks in the mix making it the perfect dish. My husband had the appetizer ahi tuna and hummus. The hummus was refreshing, but the ahi tuna wasn't as rare as he likes it, but for me it was perfect. It was a slow night when we went, but the staff was nice and service was fast. I can't wait to go back and get more potatoes.
2	We live in walking distance, have been there several times for Bfast, Lunch and dinner.  First, good wine list, bit overpriced but not like "The Living Room" (noisey cougar trasp).  Bfast has been OK, burned Blueberry pancakes, bur verything else is OK if they get all the ingrediants in the dish, check before you bite.  Lunch can be good, organic chicken salad is great.  Dinner has been hit or miss every time, orders don't come out on time or it is not what we ordered, might be a wait staff issue.  Service can be very slow so be patient.  Food and drink quality is not yet consistent.  I really want them to make it as it is so close to the house.  I think the corner resturants and bars are the wave of the future, you can have good food, wine or drinks and not worry about driving.
4	Food was incredible, had the eggs benny with chorizo potatoes. Only gave them 4 stars because the food took a while to come out. But it was well worth the wait!
3	Service and food were good.  Nothing to drive out of your way for though.  I will say that after reading the reviews and service issues we were skeptical.  Our service was good, didn't wait long to be greeted, drinks and food all came quickly.  Not sure if we would  cone back there isn't anything unique.....
3	It's disappointing that this place is not improving their dinner service. The new menu is very limiting on selections (sandwiches have been removed) and has become pricier, making it tough to enjoy dinner here on a regular basis. They used to have a nightly revolving selection of bruschetta, but it now appears that they've had the same selection for weeks. They also to still have problems in the kitchen. Recently I had the chorizo chili cheese fries and they came without the scallions or sour cream and the bartender commented that they never look the same twice. The next time I was in I had a breakfast sandwich and they forgot the hollandaise sauce. Breakfast and lunch remain strong, but my wife and I have stopped going on a weekly basis for dinner. There also seems to be tension between the bar and kitchen.
3	You can't spell "bland" without B-L-D.  Sure, that's a little harsh, but I couldn't pass up a good line.BLD (Breakfast-Lunch-Dinner) is a nice-looking restaurant.  It's standalone building in front of a new strip mall, that seems to be anchored by the always-packed Oregano's.  It's bright and contemporary, with lots of natural light.  There's a bar on one side of the restaurant, and there's outdoor seating for when the weather isn't so painfully warm.  My wife and I stopped in around 11am, perfect timing to taste 2 of the 3 meals advertised by the restaurant name.  After a lot of menu reading, I went  for coffee and the vegetarian scramble, and my wife chose the chicken sandwich with apples and brie.  (Important note:  My wife's lactose intolerance caused her to omit the brie.)  She also opted for the pineapple cole slaw over the other fries and other sides.  There were several smoothies and espresso drinks available on the menu, but we passed on the fancy beverages.The coffee ($2.50) was heavily roasted and very strong.  Refills were quick and included in the (steep) price.  My scramble ($10) was all in one piece... technically I thought it was a fritata, but I'm hardly an expert on such matters.  I liked the mixture of vegetables in the scramble, especially the leeks.  The veggies were thinly sliced so you get egg with every vegetable bite, and the swiss cheese on top was a nice choice.  The roasted potatoes were some uninspired spuds, without much seasoning or distinction.I'm not going to dwell on my wife's chicken sandwich ($11).  Let's just say she asked for plain, and she got it.  The pineapple slaw was very disappointing, though.  There was barely a hint of pineapple flavor in this falsely advertised cabbage.I think BLD suffers from trying to be too much.  It's a coffee shop, juice bar, restaurant, and bar that serves all 3 meals, with gourmet hints in their everyman menu.  Got it?  For real gourmet food, try Cork (which has the same owner as BLD.)  For comfort food, you can do better for cheaper.
4	I'd like to report that we came back to try BLD again the other day and the service was MUCH better! The food was really great too. I also had a wild berry smoothie, which might be the best smoothie I've ever had.
4	Been here 3 or 4 times now and really like the place.  Clean look, really original different breakfast choices, the coffee bar options are great, and so on.  The service can be slow at times but not terrible.  The eggs and meatloaf are phenomenal, chicken and waffles very good, chorizo potatoes awesome, cherry bacon love it, and the blueberry pancakes are nice and light.  Loved all of it.  The hot americano served in a real coffee cup is nice.  Yes, I am sick of paper cups.  A real cup is a nice change.  Go here, good place.
4	I was really surprised when I read all the bad reviews on here! My boyfriend and I go to BLD all the time. I challenge those that had bad experiences to come back and try some more food. I have had nearly everything on the lunch/dinner menu and can say almost everything was pretty darn good. The ribs were a bit dry, and the weird ciabatta bread they tried to put the burger on once was not tasty at all... but other than that the food is GREAT.Good happy hour too!Just give it a try!
4	Rocky Road Bread Pudding.  Need I say more??  No really. That should be the end of my review.  Because that's all you need to know.  That they have Rocky Road Bread Pudding.  And it's DELICIOUS.I've also had their sandwiches (WHOA food - no kidding, a sandwich can feed 2 people easily - they're huge) along with their homemade chips (yum!), and also I have had a pasta chicken dish that was tasty as well (not fireworks status but tasty nonetheless).Their coffee is spectacular (read: strong) as is their red sangria (don't worry, didn't try them at the same time).Overall I love this place.  Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because their homemade chips aren't consistent - sometimes REALLY good, sometimes just "meh".When in the area you must stop in.  Don't forget to try their bread pudding!!
4	The BLD Iced Coffee is to die for! The sweetener they put in the coffee is just enough to give it something special. It is quite addicting. I was getting it daily on my way to work but since they changed their drive-thru hours to open an hour later (was 6am, now 7am), I can no longer brighten my morning with their coffee. Starbucks will have to do.
3	7/6/11Arrived early for the OYE party at bld, so I decided to check out their happy hour.  It's a good thing I did, too, bec. the margarita I had here (priced $3 on the menu card, but I was charged $3.50) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bld-chandler?select=-iHx38oezn6KQER2Aw8ytQ#-iHx38oezn6KQER2Aw8ytQ was one of the beverage highlights of the evening!  The meatball mac 'n cheese, however, needs a tweak-- while I enjoyed the mac 'n cheese portion of the dish, I found the meatballs and sauce to be too acidic. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bld-chandler?select=UFsIK9G_6MZxb-GvezRedA#UFsIK9G_6MZxb-GvezRedA  If I wasn't trying to slow down my body's absorption of alcohol (I'd just gotten a massage before, too, so circulation was revved up!), I wouldn't have eaten as much as did, and I left more than half in the bowl.Still, what I had tried was enough to keep my mind open for more happy hour adventures here.  Take a look at the interesting HH food menu!
2	we live .7 miles from BLD, bike or walking distance.  Good atomsphere, bar tenders decent.  Food is OK but lacks consistancy, we have eaten there now over a dozen times, this week twice.  They get order right about 50% of the time.  Typical blunders are not all ingrediants are in the meal, food brought out cold or burnt!.  I hope they get it right, looks Like Tia Rosa's next door folded up after only 2.5 months, so less competition.  Come on BLD you can do better!
4	BLD has the potential to be something awesome and I definitely plan on sticking around to see if it can get there. I'm giving it a half-star extra cause I can tell it's trying really, really hard, it just has a few more kinks to work out. I went around 11:30 so we were able to sample both the breakfast and lunch menus. I had to get the mac n' cheese because, well, OBVI. It was pretty good, if not a bit too suspiciously creamy. Listen, I like Velveeta as much as the next drunk college student but if you're gonna charge me $6 it had better be homemade, with some extra TLC thrown in for good measure. I also had the proscuitto salad, which was decent with yummy proscuitto, melon, strawberries, cashews and a fried goatcheese ball I had to guard very carefully from jealous fellow diners. My only complaint was that it was super salty rather than a nice balance of sweet and salty. Maybe try unsalted cashews?? Washed it all down with a pretty delish mimosa (what?? mimosas aren't just for breakfast!)My date got breakfast-- the pork verde chili tostada. The few bites I had were yummy but as he said, it wasn't anything exciting or unexpected. Basically just a mexican spin on breakfast food. All around, I dug the vibe of BLD and once they grow a bit older and wiser, I'll accept their offer for a second date.
4	I have been here several times and have not had a bad experience.  I have to say everytime I have been here I have had different wait staff and they have been very friendly and knowledgable.  The food has been consistently good, I had the veggie scramble, chocolate chip pancakes and a few of the startes over cocktails.  Good price point, nice welcoming venue and good staff.  I will definately be coming back.
3	Waffles infused with bacon bits!!! OMG! They are the best, I will say they are a bit pricey at 8.00 for 1 waffle, but a girls got to have her bacon! They also make their own Margaritas and they are on tap! Whoaaa, they are fantastic!!!Heading this week for Yelp eats! New update then!
5	I've got some serious TLC for BLD. Short rib eggs benedict... is there really more that I need to write?
4	Stopped in for dinner one night and didn't like the atmosphere but came back for a breakfast and was happily surprised.  Food tasted great and liked the TV on the wall.
4	This place is pretty cool. Nice atmosphere, good food. I think the pancakes are REALLY good. I've only had a couple of things though. I did not like the bacon waffle because it didn't seem cooked enough. Kinda blah. Overall I look forward to trying this place for L and D too!
4	Great Service!!! Clean and friendly and WI-FI. This is a great place to catch up on some emails and have a great meal. Music is in the back round but not to over powering that you can't make phone calls. Plugs to be able to have power if you run out of battery life. Sean is a very attentive server and made sure my coffee was always full. A new favorite place will be here a lot!!!
3	Tried out the "D" [dinner] recently for the first time here. Well when you first walk in, it has a trendy but very casual atmosphere. We went here for dinner around 8pm and it was pretty empty. We sat at the bar, which was also pretty empty, and waited a lot time to get menus or even acknowledged for drinks. The bartender was not very conversational and pretty much gave the minimum amount of attention she needed to get her job done.  After we finally got the menu I was really surprised to see the expensive entree pricing given the atmosphere etc. But they have one thing going and that is pretty good food. I had a pesto chicken linguini which was pretty good. My bf got a med-rare sirlion which came out perfect and was delicious. :) I might give this place another try during their happy hour, has potential!
4	Between my wife and I we had White Sangria, house salad, Margarita, and the seared tuna during happy hour. Very impressed with $16 tab.Very industrial feel, would call it a nice place for casual people. Food was wonderful, the margarita was fairly strong.
3	Not too impressed with the green chile tostado that I got ... it was kind of a tart, weird taste (not traditional green chile like you would expect).  The one good thing about it was a ton of pork shoulder that was really good.  The combination of the green chile "tartness" and the egg and pork was just off a little .. hard to describe.  I won't be getting that again.I wish I would have just gone with a traditional breakfast or lunch sandwich .. they looked great (other members in our group got them) Who knows, next time I will give them a try and maybe change my rating, but what I got was kind of icky .... so stay away from it.  Awesome service though, very attentive and reasonable prices.  It is a "trendy" place, but still seems grounded if that makes sense.  I will go back, but will stick with traditional breakfast.
2	Hawaiin french toast cold on arrival.  It was so cold I felt for sure it was prepared the day before, put in the fridge then served to me after sitting under a heat lamp (that was not on).  I mean this was bad.
3	My husband and I used to be regulars here. The food and service are both good so we looked passed the fact that a lunch was at minimum $30 with the tip. Then after they hook you, they pull a switch-a-roo. The menu suddenly changes and the prices increased. All this within a few months of opening as a new restaurant. The worst part about this is that many of their best items (which I assume were also very popular) changed dramatically and not in a good way. One example is a wonderful prosciutto salad which complimented fresh melon mixed in a bed of arugula. It is now a mixed green salad with prosciutto and strawberries. Since when does prosciutto go with strawberries? Even a "simple" customer such as myself knows what works best. Regardless, I tried it with the new combination and have decided to go back to Paradise Bakery down the street to get my salad fix. What a bummer! Oh, and this item suddenly increased in price from $9 to $11 after making it a cheaper way! Another item I miss- the grits. You can't find them anywhere and I was so happy to see them on the menu. Well, no longer folks! So save yourselves the money and grab breakfast/lunch where it doesn't hurt as much like the Egg and I less than a mile away. I'm truly bummed out because I was so excited to have a place like this around.
2	I was so hopeful we found a new place that we could frequent...but our hopes were soon stomped on by over priced bland food.  I will say their caprese salad was good. My husband had the baked goat cheese that came out 8 minutes after my salad & was burned...as soon as the server dropped off his appetizer she said that our dinners were up & asked if she should just bring them out.  We asked that she wait so he could eat his appetizer, a few minutes later our dinner was on the table & we were not even half done with our first course.  He ordered the meatloaf & was unimpressed and thought it was pre-made from sysco, his green beans were nuked to death and were the texture of old shoe leather.  I ordered the Mac & cheese. I figured the $8  price tag would yield a high end very good dish.  Well, kraft deluxe is not the worst thing, but I did not expect that from a restaurant.  Masteros & Flemings serve theirs for $5 and are both very good Mac & cheese dishes.  Basically I felt a little robbed by the entire meal. Total for the meal was $76.00 which included a $34 bottle of wine.We are sad to say that we won't be back unless we hear things have improved.  The design of the restaurant was wonderful...but they need to figure out their food & service or it will be just more empty commercial space in the valley.
4	i have been here for, well, B, L & D. i like this place. their menu is rather diverse with a bunch of things that look really good. sometimes you go these newer restaurants and they have a very limited menu, or the selection on the menu is just to weird. the breakfast was good and i am def open to trying more items. had the pork tostada, which was a bit overwhelming but really good if you are into a more "mexican-y bfast."for lunch, i had a sammich. good amount of meat. nothing totally outstanding but still a solid offering.for my dinner trip, i went during happy hour and had a burger with sweet potato fries. both were awesome. the med-rare burger could have used another 45 seconds on the grill; it was still a bit too red inside. the sweet pot fries were excellent, some of the best of this "new" trend. their happy hour is really good, too. $3 beers and a good selection of cheap apps.i think they may have gotten a new chef somewhat recently so i hear the food has been on the upswing.
3	Had breakfast here a few weeks ago. Menu didn't offer up much of a selection. Portions were ok and price was only a bit higher than it should be. Service was slightly below average, waiter was obviously new to the trade. All-in-all, an average place but I have several other favorites and won't be calling this one of them. If lunch and dinner are similar, I'd be shocked if this place was still around this time next year.
3	I went here for breakfast with the hubby last Sunday.  I was happy to find a place close by to have a nice relaxing breakfast that wasn't completely packed with families whose kids are extremely cranky after being stuck at church all morning.  We were seated right away and I only heard two screaming toddlers the whole time we were there (avg number of screaming kids at a Ihop or Mimi's on a Sunday is more like 8 to 10).I had the Monte Cristo and it was awesome!  The menu didn't say that it came with a side and the waitress didn't ask so I got potatoes but I would have really preferred fruit.  The hubby was also happy with his standard order of steak and eggs.  The best part was that all their bottles of wine are $10 off on Sundays so we were able to get our mimosas on at a bargain.  They didn't seem to mind that we hung out for a while and our waitress still kept being friendly and checking on us instead of trying to turn the table.  I will definitely be back for dinner and or happy hour since the place had a cool vibe and a great menu for the L&D part, too.
2	Atmosphere = ***Unfortunately, my first impression of the place was the smell of cleaner.  The chemical smell in the air lingered for the duration of our stay.  The layout is nice, spacious without being cavernous and tastefully decorated, if somewhat lacking personality.  Just clean, standard modern decor.  I went at 8 am this morning (Sunday) and there were only half a dozen guests.  I am guessing that, once filled with people, the vibe is a bit more exciting.As many have mentioned, BLD is located in the soul-sucking, cultural-void suburb that is Chandler.  The lack of tasty treats in the area definitely contributes to the buzz around this place, since the only other decent restaurants of the non-chain variety are in 'Downtown' Chandler.  The drive-thru option is solid gold, (you have to call ahead for meals, of course.)  Very smart idea by whoever orchestrated the build-out.Service = ****Very good.  We were greeted immediately by the hostess.  Our server checked in with us often enough to feel welcome and taken care of, but not so often that we felt smothered.  When we had a complaint on our food, he handled it smoothly and without any trace of attitude, but did not overcompensate with repeated apologies either.  Well done.Food = **Our breakfast was disappointing.  Conceptually, the menu has a lot of promising ideas, but the recipes/execution were lacking.  There was a good variety of choices without being too many, (a giant menu is almost always a bad sign.)My vanilla latte had WAY too much vanilla, could barely taste or smell the coffee at all.  I left half of it behind.The boyfriend and I are benedict addicts, so that's what we went for.  He had the short rib, and I had the crab cake.  I felt two ways about the citrus hollandaise on my crab benedict.  The texture was superb, thick but somehow light and very creamy.  The flavor, unfortunately, was far too sweet.  Combined with the natural sweetness of the crab meat, it made for a more confectionary experience than savory one.  The crab was good (no imitation crap), but sadly underseasoned and crying for more of a sear on the outside to lend some texture and color.  The eggs were a bit overdone - when I cut into them I got a trickle of yolk instead of the flood of it that all benedict-lovers crave.  The short rib benedict featured meat far too dry for the cut.  The dryness left the meat with a charred aftertaste that wasn't incredibly pleasant.  The red wine hollandaise was decent, but lacked the acid that I assumed a red wine hollandaise would have.  The eggs were a bit better on this go-around.The potatoes served with both meals were barely room temperature.  We told our server and received a fresh portion, which were hotter, but still had the same rubbery texture as the last.  That being said, they were beautifully seasoned.  There was plenty of good flavor going on, but texture was really lacking.  There was no crunch or bite, only chew chew chew chew.  Our server automatically brought ketchup in portion cups, which seemed a bit wasteful.  A plain old bottle would have sufficed.With some recipe tweaking and practice on the line, both of these dishes have potential.  I will definitely give this place another try, but it won't be anytime soon.   With the lack of options in the area, I am guessing they will be successful.
3	I should wait before I review to go back and try again. We are big fans of Cork their more 'upscale' restaurant so we were excited to go and check out their BLD. Maybe too excited. We went on a Monday for lunch. It's a big restaurant, lots of space. Lots of cold, steel, concrete, laminate, plain, open space. We were seated quickly, in a huge, raised booth which was a bit odd for the two of us. We felt On Display, On Display (RHONJ). We looked over their big menu and they mentioned a few times that they were still serving breakfast. The server asked if we wanted a beer or wine but didn't supply a list so we asked for one and got water. We were served unfiltered water without lemon. Ick. But the beer and wine list just didn't get me interested - maybe because it was Monday afternoon when I don't normally drink. I decided on the Hot Roast Beef sandwich the husband unit got the Blue Burger(blue cheese, bacon). Hot roast beef is tricky. Overcooked is gross, cold is always good, warm can be very good. The meals came out, the sandwich looked really small for the $12 price. Sandwiches are served with your choice of sides I got sweet potato fries. The sandwich was on a focaccia roll with lots of green stuff baked in. The menu description promised beef, mushrooms, fontina, arugula, marinated onions, au jus and horseradish dressing. I take a bite and am over powered with rosemary and marjoram from the bread. I really wanted the spiciness of the arugula and horseradish but the herbs were too much. Dipping in the au jus helped. The beef was really good like an Italian beef. The sweet fries were great! When I was about half finished with my sandwich and handed a quarter of it to my hubby a service person walked up with bowl of horseradish and said, "you should have gotten this with your sandwich". Huh, so that's what was missing. It got much better then. My husband really enjoyed his burger. Not as good as cork or was it the cold atmosphere? Or the owners doing business(putting their generic food order in with a distributor) at the huge bar/table thing in front of us? Or the TV with coverage of the trial of a home invasion murder and rape of a mom and her young daughters? Not really sure. We walk out of the place and both said the food was good but we agreed we would not go out of our way to go back. But we may be back  or just go back to Cork.
5	I've been meaning to come back to this place for a while now after discovering it through a Yelp Elite event some time ago.  I finally had the time, so I jetted down to the restaurant and I had a really good time.The service here was great.  I was greeted and seated immediately, and decided that lunch was the way to go for me.  I like the fact that they serve breakfast here until 2PM, because sometimes I DO want breakfast at noon!  They also have happy hour daily from 3-7 which is awesome as well.  No need to rush after work.  Just do happy hour on a Saturday!Anyways, I went with the burger, and surprisingly, they have a variety of sides to choose from.  I "like" french fries, but am always looking for something more at times.  Sometimes I want a salad instead, or soup, and BLD gives you that choice.  Instead of fries, they have 4 or 5 choices to go with.  I went with hummus.  It was delicious!  Nice change of pace from fries.Anyways, its a bit of a drive, but a nice alternative from the ordinary.  Lovely decor, spacey with lots of good food to choose from.   I will be back!
1	Let me start with the positive - the service was EXCEPTIONAL.  Very friendly and attentive.  The margarita on Happy Hour was very good and the prices were excellent.  Now, for the negative: the food and the atmosphere.  The atmosphere is horrid.  As other reviews have mentioned there are kids running around during Happy Hour (really?!) and it is very sterile and lacking in ambiance.  The food was mediocre at best.  Definitely won't be making a return trip which is too bad as the service was wonderful and I love Cork,
3	Ate the eggs bennedict which was alright. A little too salty and a little too much hollandaise sauce for my taste. The potatoes sauteed with onions on the other hand did a fine job satisfying my taste buds!also ordered an iced americano which wasn't too bold or light. Staff are really friendly. Always talking with the biggest smile and willing to open doors for you when you exit. the place is neat and modernized. Sort of in between a diner and ikeahappy hour from 3-7 pm. Have to check that out some day...probably not any time soon though
5	This was a terrific find for breakfast last Sunday. My book club friends enjoyed the ambience and the friendly service. We were quite comfortable in a larger booth with the open air bar area allowing a nice breeze and a good vibe too. Food was extraordinarily tasty. Crab Cake Eggs Benedict (with Hollandaise on the side), Open Faced Breakfast Sandwich, and more. The breakfast beverages are good as well. Try the pumpkin-spice latte, the Caramel Hot-chocolate, or one of their other speciality drinks. The patio is dog-friendly which is a plus for dog-owners like me and their happy hour menu looks amazing.
5	How have I not yelped about BLD. Huge fan!!! Tonight I had the BLD meatloaf. Truly amazing. Came with green beans, cheddar mashed potatoes. Delish!!! Ps if you are a caffeine junky like me must try Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte! Service was great food was great. Love it here
3	I have came here 3 times since opening for 2 brunches and a dinner.  Everything I've had here has been good: open-face breakfast sandwich, short rib benedict, pork chop.  I think the breakfast pricing is a little steep ($15+ with entree and coffee).  The dinner pricing is more reasonable but still over $25 for entree and 1 drink.  I guess I just do not feel like this restaurant is very special.  I'm not sure if it is the cold setting as another review suggested or the impersonal staff.  Somehow, I am not drawn to go back.  If you are in Chandler and need a clean restaurant with reliable food, BLD is still a good choice.  Just don't expect to be wow'd.
5	We ate here with friends and everyone enjoyed their food. I especially enjoyed the braised short ribs over cheesy polenta. I still dream about that dish and hope to return soon to enjoy it again!
4	I've been here a few more times and I always love the food.  Everything I've had from the breakfast menu has been fantastic!  Drinks are good, too, and its a great place for happy hour.  The deal on wine on Sundays is still my favorite thing about this place.  They have Sunday ticket so they always have two games on but they keep the sound off (closed caption) so it doesn't get too sports bar-y.
2	So needless to say, my visit to BLD today was a bit underwhelming. I've heard a few friends talk about the food being hit or miss at times, and I've experienced it a time or two myself. I went in at around 1:30pm on a Wednesday. It was after the lunch rush and things were quiet. I think there were 2 ladies at the bar, and maybe 4 other two-tops seated in the restaurant. Our server was taking care of us and two other tables (both two-tops). It took her between 5-10 minutes to come over and greet us and take a drink order. I noticed the same situation going on for one of her other tables. When she came and took our food order she was nice and recommended the onion rings for a sandwich side because they are her favorite. Naturally, we took her advice. Here's where I began noticing a trend in the service. It took a little over 15 minutes for our food to arrive. Now, I'm normally not a critique of time it takes for food to arrive, since I'm in the industry, however this was kind of sad. We ordered a burger (medium-rare) and I had the green chili pork sandwich. My sandwich I guarantee was cooked and just had to be assembled. The burger was mid-rare and should have taken 5-7 minutes to cook. I've seen them busier and cook food faster, there just seemed to be no sense of urgency. I noticed that the FOH manager also comp'd a two-top's French Onion Soup because he knew it took, "a lot longer than it should have." Not sure if they brought that to his attention or if he had noticed. Nothing happened with ours, and the server didn't really acknowledge an almost 20 minute was for two sandwiches. Like I said, I'm not one of those to get upset or critique because I am a part of the industry. As for the food, I've been there a handful of times and some times it has been very good, other times it was alright, and this time was just alright. Again, the food was lacking seasoning. It was just bland. Even a pinch of salt would have made a world of difference, and I had mentioned it to them before.Going there for breakfast, I had heard their eggs Benedict menu was great. I'm a fan of hollandaise sauce so I thought I'd check it out. I ordered the BLD Benedict, which is your classic eggs benny, with ham, egg and hollandaise on an English muffin. It was incredibly salty. I thought it might just be the ham, but as I kept eating it got even worse, and it was the hollandaise that was so terribly salty. We mentioned it to our server. She offered to get us something else, but we declined and just wanted to bring it to her attention. A few minutes later the manager came over and offered to get us something else, and told us that they had tasted the sauce and it was indeed way too salty. When our bill came, we noticed that they had comp'd our two eggs Benedict orders. We hadn't asked for that and I thought it was a nice gesture. The attitude of the manager was excellent and professional in handling the situation. However, this was kind of a "third strike and you're out" moment for the food at BLD. I think in my five times there I have really only enjoyed one of my meals enough to recommend to people as a definite, "YES, go there." The food being just ok, and not stellar is sad but acceptable, especially since I have very high expectations because of Cork. Which, by the way, is probably my favorite restaurant in the East Valley and have the same partners. But overall, I just don't see myself running back to eat at BLD anytime soon. You better believe you can find me down the road at their other restaurant, Cork.
2	In a word: underwhelming. I'm saddened and frustrated, really. BLD is a cool place with a fantastic pedigree that I want so badly to like, but it just won't let me.Today's breakfast was my second visit. The first was for lunch shortly after opening. It was an unmitigated disaster. I gave them the benefit of the doubt at that time, but can't avoid Yelping at this point.Had the short ribs Benedict. Although the eggs were poached nearly perfectly, they were covered in a bland red wine Hollandaise that looked like melted Silly Putty and lacked the citrusy brightness that a good Holalndaise should have. The short ribs were pot-roasty, rather than the velvety melt-in-your mouth delight that you'd expect. Overall, the dish was under-seasoned and wan, but you couldn't complain that the short ribs were too rich.The side of potatoes and onions was good with the exception of the fact that the onions were inconsistently cooked; some were crunchy while others were soft and beginning to brown. I'd prefer better browning and a nice crust, but seasoning was spot-on here at least.My wife had the Spaniard scramble, which arrived looking more like an omelette gone bad than a scramble. The linguica provided the only seasoning; sadly it was underrepresented and the rest of the dish needed salt.My latte was great, and at a $0.50 premium over brewed coffee, can't be beat.On both visits, the staff has been a disappointment. Today's server was clearly trained NOT to ask how things were. Either that, or she was oblivious. She didn't return to check in once during our meal and delivered our check silently. The hostess was cute but clueless. I forgot my morning paper in the car, and when I went outside to get it, she welcomed me for a second time when I returned. She did an admirable job of pretending she remembered I'd already been seated in the half-empty restaurant when I told her I had a table, at any rate.As a big fan of Cork, BLD has been a tremendous disappointment on two visits. While I'd like to be a regular at one of the spacious booths every weekend, I guess I'll have to settle for a trip to Cork every few months instead.
5	Today I'm totally impressed with BLD. We went to lunch as a team, as a celebratory event for one on our team who's been with us for a year. Five of us ordered, and two of us had the server come out to ask us to pick different entrees, because they had run out of both of the items that we had ordered. They genuinely felt bad that we had to order some different things, so they gave us TWO complimentary desserts, which were phenomenal!  They tried to up their service, because of the inconvenience. I was impressed at how much they worked to be attentive and orderly. Wow!For my entree, I wanted to try the Mediterranean Tuna salad, but I was one of those that had to order something else, so I chose the Grilled Portabello Salad, and it was very tasty. Try the Dirty Chai, one on our team ordered this and raved about how delicious it was.
5	Our first time at BLD was tonight (11/15/11) and it was absolutely FABULOUS!  Rick was our server - everything went perfectly. Since it was our first time, I took some suggestions from him and I am very glad I did!  I had the braised short ribs with Parmesan Risotto...(if you have never tried it...it is a MUST!!)The service was very good, the food even better!  I am glad that Chandler is starting to get some really good places to eat like BLD.  I highly suggest that you go.Loved the decor, atmosphere, and everything about it...can't wait to go back!
4	Susan and I went back for the second time today for Lunch. We don't go back to a place unless we really like the place (there is too much to choose from). Both of us are very impressed with the menu. Prices for Happy Hour drinks and snacks beat other places we have frequented. Service was terrific!The meatloaf sandwich was great! Last time we had the Monte Cristo... also superb.I'm sure we will return.
5	We took our second trip to this establishment today and it was just as good as our first experience if not better.  Our first time at BLD we endulged in Monte Cristo's. Oh my goodness...so big and so, so tasty.  On our tip today I had planned to have the same thing but changed my mind at the last minute and ordered the Open faced meatloaf sandwich.  Thought I had died and gone to heaven.  This place is now on our 'MUST RETURN' (again & again) list.  Nice atmosphere and great wait staff.
5	Having the grilled chicken, ham and Brie sandwich and it is amazing
4	Had a great lunch.  I had the smoked turkey croissant.  The meat was good, the sauce was fantastic, and the fresh sprouts, avocado, tomato was excellent, bacon was tasty.  Only critique would be was that the croissant was a little dry.  I had the potato salad for the side, and it was ABSOLUTELY EXCELLENT.  It was very flavorful, rife with fresh mustard seed and the potatoes were prepared perfectly.My wife had the Grilled Chicken Club.  It was a whole breast of chicken, with bacon, lettuce, tomato, dijonaise on Sourdough, and she found it to be excellent.  She had the onion rings, which she was not so fond of, but the kids absolutely loved them.  They appeared to be beer-battered and quite fresh.Service was a little slow--I would've expected the lunch to be a little quicker on the waiter service.  I didn't mind the wait for the food, but the wait for my check was kind of annoying.Overall, I had a fantastic lunchtime meal here.  Value for the money was perfect.  It's really difficult to find an excellent deli style sandwich in Metro Phoenix, but I've finally found at least one spot!
5	My son and I dropped in today after he had an eye exam in Chandler. I had read in my Phoenix magazine that BLD was one of the best breakfast places around. Since we were only about ten minutes from there, I decided to give it a try. What a fantastic find. Even though it was lunch time, we were seated immediately...a nice table in the back and away from the front door. Within a minute there was a nice young man who took our drink order (nothing alcoholic but that is available). My son ordered the fried chicken and waffles and I ordered the Monte Christo sandwich. I think it was less than five minutes before two mouth-watering plates of food were placed on the table before us. The fried chicken on my son's plate looked like two nicely battered chicken tenders. He was really thrilled that bacon was in his waffles. From the first bite to the last, he was nothing but smiles and praise for the food.My Monte Christo instead of being deep-fat fried was French Toast with a delicious vanilla-imposed taste, piled high with shaved ham, raspberry jam, and topped with powdered sugar. There was a warm compote of maple syrup on the side. Also on the plate were fabulously good fried potatoes with onion. They were finely crisped and really hit the spot. They also came with a small container of ketchup. Both entrees with two soft drinks came out to around $30 which might seem a bit steep for lunch in Chandler, but believe me, it was worth every bite. Being that we live in Maricopa, which is restaurant starved, we will definitely make BLD one of our regular places to go. It's not a bad drive from Maricopa and for anyone in the East Valley, it's on the northeast corner of Germann and Power...close to everything.WTG...BLD!
3	Meh.  This is a 2.5 star review that I've rounded to 3, because 2 seemed a bit too brutal.  Food is expensive for what it is.  Sandwich I had was OK, but iced tea was SO bad, and was clearly out of a tap, not fresh-brewed.  Really?  What restaurant does THAT?  No doubt more expensive than using the "real" stuff, and everyone who had it in our party asked for something else to replace it.  Potato salad was acceptable but kinda supermarket-ish. Not bad, not great, likely won't be back - nothing compelling and lots of good choices in the area.
4	My current favorite restaurant!  I have been coming here since the first day they opened and have watched the menu evolve.  I am sad that some of my favorite things disappeared, but there are still a lot of amazing choices.Thick cut bacon - this is really more of a bacon-steak than any thick cut bacon I have had elsewhere.  You have to try it!Mimosas - on Sundays, bottles of champagne are $10.  Order a bottle and a glass of oj and mix your own :)Sangarita - they have a not so amazing margarita on tap...mix it with the red sangria though and it is great.Prosciutto and fried goat cheese salad - This is so good, I have started making my own copy cat version to take to work for lunch everyday (minus the fried part.)Since I am usually dining alone, I almost always sit at the bar.  The bartenders and servers are friendly and fun to talk to.  The owner and managers greet me by name (ok, maybe I come here a bit too often.)I would give it 5 stars, but I don't like any of the food choices on the happy hour menu.  For happy hour, I would much rather go to their sister restaurant, Cork, a couple miles down the road.
2	We wanted to love this place because it is close to home...unfortunately it just isn't great. We kept going back hoping the food would get better. It just didn't improve- the food is mediocre and bland...definitely over priced for what you're getting. Sorry BLD! We wanted to like it!
4	Caroline & I had breakfast at BLD in Chandler yesterday (NE corner of Dobson and Germann) and were quite pleased. As those of you know us know, we don't eat out much because Caroline's cooking is so much better. But we keep trying to find places to love. BLD may be one of those places. We were greeted at the door by the hostess with beautiful eyes and a fabulous smile. A small touch, but it immediately made us feel welcome. So many stores get this first, simple step so very wrong. BLD got it right.The atmosphere is good - kind of a warm, modern Chipotle-ish interior - not schlock-country or faux-dining room like so many breakfast joints. But of course the main reason for being there was the food.The menu is simple and not overwhelming. A large enough list of choices without being too many. I liked that. (Often, restaurants with huge selections are not great at anything. Better to be narrow and deep than broad but shallow.)The service was courteous but not intrusive. We took some time making our selection and the waitress gave us that time without giving us attitude. Thank you. Caroline selected the Spanish omelette and I chose the vegetarian. Both omelettes were served with potatoes that were actually very, very good. So often, breakfast potatoes are either too salty, too raw, too bland, too soft, or just too much. These were just right. Again, thank you.Both omelettes were distinctive and tasty. My vegetarian omelette was bursting with good vegetable flavors - portobella mushrooms, bell peppers, tomatoes, onions - and was well seasoned. I enjoyed eating every bite of it, except for the bite I shared with Caroline. Her's was much more a meat-flavored dish, and was savory without being too much.My coffee was terrific. I don't know why so many places get coffee wrong when it is so easy to get it right. BLD got the coffee right. They also offer coffee-bar drinks. Caroline had the cafe' breve and it was very nice. Of course, if you start with good espresso, it makes everything else fall in line.Brent, the GM, dropped by our table and chatted a while with us. He told us that both he and the three owners all live within a couple of miles of the restaurant. What a pleasure to be able to support local businesses and to be rewarded with good food, good service and a good experience.Good job, BLD. Check it out.
5	Oh lordy lord lord. where shall we begin? Let's start with Breakfast, shall we? 1st thing is 1st; the Disclaimer ya'll. Ive only been for breakfast. however comma the lunch menu looks epic and anyone who can make a person who hates breakfast fall in love with breakfast all over again deserves props for the whole menu. i will update my review for lunch someday...problem is, I'm not allowed to go to the same place more than once a day and i come here for breakfast. so, hence the problem. Also, since my Delorian is broken (Popsicle gas sucks), i can not currently go backwards ( IE: delete button broken, ramble shall continue on). Well, any great breakfast joint will have 2 things IMO; fresh, home made Mimosa's and NFL on the TV. check and check. parking? a cinch. easier than a valet. Greeting? always warm and inviting. Cool bar seating/normal seating? you guessed it folks, the price is right. Food? O....M.....G...... my goal is simple: try the entire menu. the problem? I'm stuck on item #3, on my 19th visit. do that math. Luckily for me, my girlfriend has amazing will power and is on item 14 and is a small eater. guess who gets her dish? This Guy!!! i haven't had one bad thing. My favorite is BY FAR the Chili Pork Tostada. The braised short rib egg Benedict is so good, you'll literally O Face at the table. no joke. for you followers of me, you know how i feel about places that make your wet dream a reality. seriously. incredible food. also, 2 other awesome things; the patio is legally allowed to have dog's on it and they have a dog menu! how cool is that? answer: freaking cool man! also the bathrooms are so weird and unexpected...its like the Blue Man Group, i could try to explain it to you but it just wont make sense. you have to witness it for yourself. PLUS - if you want healthy, they have egg whites, turkey, spinach omelet. AND a drive thru for phone ahead orders AND AND protein shakes also. whats that now, like 8 PS's? told ya, backspace button has been deleted.
4	Love the clean, contemporary design of BLD...and the food has always been great.   Happy hour food specials are a nice amount of food for the price, and the outside patio is private and fun.  They also have happy hour drink specials! Nice Bar area which opens up to the patio...and I'm told that the patio accepts dogs. (Haven't brought mine yet.)  Friendly place, with some great prices and interesting, creative entrees.  Guys, there is a TV every 20 feet so it is a great game destination. They even have cooking classes! Will continue to go back... looking forward to trying some of their special events.
5	Went to BLD last night. What a great meal!   The food is a wonderful healthy portion and so artfully put together ... But the best part is it taste great.  Great happy hour till 7 pm so that's a treat.   The staff was charming.  We will be going back for B and L too.
4	This place is a bit of a drive from my house, but so far it seems worth it.  I have had excellent and quick service on my visits. It's a very nice restaurant with friendly staff.  I have only gotten the Benedict Florentine for breakfast as it was so good I haven't switched up.  My eggs were poached well just enough hollandaise sauce and the marinated portabella mushrooms are great.  Special mention for the potatoes that come with them.  It's not your run of the mill hash-browns.  They are skin on baked russet potatoes with onions and they are delicious.  I will be back.They even have a drive through to call in and get breakfast to go, very cool.Try:- Benedict Florentine- The Potatoes
5	I cannot believe I have forgotten to review BLD!I am definitely a regular here. I'll start with Breakfast...My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week for breakfast. He always orders the Green Chili Tostada and the few bites I've had were delicious!! I have ordered many things...the open faced sandwich is delightful, the waffle has bacon in the middle, the short rib eggs bene and the breakfast burrito. I normally go back to the waffle because it is so good! I don't normally eats sweets but the bacon with syrup is prefect and for $5 (if you order the waffle as a side) is a great deal!Lunch is another time of day you can find me at BLD. I love taking clients there and the food is always spot on. You must get the Prosciutto & Fried Goat Cheese salad. SOOOO GOOD! I can't really order anything else...Happy Hour is one of the best around. Great prices with unique food options (no chicken wings and potato skins here). Get the Ahi (See pic). Trust me!Had dinner here the other night and our server suggested the Braised Short Rib Pasta. It was unbelievable in a prefect Pesto sauce (see pic).The patio is beautiful and allows dogs. They actually have a dog dinner availble for your pooch.GO HERE ANYTIME. You won't regret it and say "hi", I'll probably be there.
4	I've eaten breakfast here twice and lunch once so far. Our base this review on breakfast.My wife and I headed there on a Thursday morning around 10 and had our pick of tables.Service - Our server was particularly friendly and my coffee never went empty.Food - If a breakfast place has chicken fried steak, I usually get it. I'm glad I got it here as it is the real deal. Not some over processed frozen brick, but actual cube steak done up right. Comes with side of eggs and potatoes.Price - You pay a bit for atmosphere, which speaking of, this place does have a "cool" vibe.I would definitely recommend you trying this place out. I think it would be tough to be disappointed. I'd like to try happy hour next as their food prices look amazing.
3	This is my 3rd time at BLD.  The first time my breakfast was not tasty (too many ingredients going on in the pork and green chile dish), though my chai latte (full leaf) was delish and my husband loved his Linguica dish.  The second time, I felt they oversalted my fried chicken and their sweet-hot mustard sauce (which tasted more like horseradish) was just way too strong and didn't combine well.  I recall my friend really enjoyed her sandwich.  Somewhere in between these visits I got the impression that I still wanted to give them a chance.  I think this is because my Banker's husband either works here or co-owns this place and she told me more about it.. she is such a nice gal... so, I gave it a 3rd shot, hoping I could pick up some better things off the menu:I had the prosciutto and fried goat cheese salad - it was REALLY enjoyable.  I've never had 'fried goat' cheese, so wasn't sure how that would come out - it's basically a ball of cheese, coated in a crust (panko maybe) and then lightly fried.  The poppy dressing was nice and I really liked the arugula and just the blend of everything, including the cashews and prosciutto.  My friend's Croissant'wich looked heft and enjoyable; sweetpot fries were standard.  Our service guy was good, no complaints.Alright, so I may not be in love with the place and a major frequenter, but I don't hate it.. as far as returning, I probably will and will continue to try different items.
3	I would really like to give this place a higher rating but I really struggle to do so. I have yet to experience dinner but I have had breakfast, lunch, and happy hour. The food sounds super exciting on paper, but can't say it matches it's exciting descriptions when it's actually in front of you. I think overall the service here really lacks! I will not give up here, but I think my rating would jump really high with an improvement in service.
3	Ok, I too bought into all of the hype like everyone else in the east valley. And I am glad I went. I had a great breakfast! I ordered the hawaiian french toast which was amazing! My friend ordered the Chorizo Joe and asked for it in a torilla so they brought a huge burrito in a spinach wrap. We ordered the chocolate chip silver dollar pancakes for my son which he loved. So the breakfast menu was great and we liked what we ordered. There was plenty of seating, very wide and open. Very clean interior. There was a cafe style bar for eating that had a TV. The restaurant was pretty empy though and for being so slow, I can't say the service was better. No one was really overly friendly, with the exception of the cute hostess with the flower in her hair. Everyone else was mediocre at best and didn't seem too thrilled to be there. Unfortunate because I bet it get's really busy at lunch time. We went on a Monday morning about 10 am. Maybe there was a breakfast rush and I missed it? Regardless, I am still wanting to go back another day and try their lunch. It's about time Chandler had a nice upscale, yet casual breakfast lunch restaurant. Now if they could just be a little happier to see you, we'd be golden!
3	Food selection wasn't great. The prices were $$$$$.The place was empty.The Pro's: Service was great, our waitress was very helpful and always smiling. That is what you want when you go out, see a smiling face.I will go back to give them another try, they do deserve that.
3	Cute restaurant, average lunch.  I had the bleu cheese burger, and it was good.  Not outrageous, but good.  This is a good place to meet girlfriends and the girls I went with enjoyed their breakfasts.
5	We've eaten there twice and love it both times.  On a Sunday morning I had the eggs Benedict and it was the best I'd ever had.  I could not believe how good it was.  Then we had dinner there on a Friday and it was even better than breakfast.   I'm truly enjoying this oasis in the Chandler desert!  "Yummy!"
4	Tonight was our second time at BLD.  I think the service is great! The servers we have had were both very attentive and nice! They visited the table just enough and even asked us how our drinks were! normally servers don't ask about your drink:)  The first time we visited was for bfast! Yummy! We had the Monte Cristo sandwich and the Green Chili pork.  Both were yummy! The chili was a bit sweeter and milder than expected so if you like spicy- add tabasco!  The Monte Cristo yummy! Ask for extra jam on the side! Visit 2- happy hour!  We had the chorizo chili fries-yummo! Meatball Mac and cheese- score!  Prosciutto salad- perfect!  We like to support local small businesses and this place is really good!
2	Went to BLD for dinner tonight and I was not happy at all..the only reason I gave them two stars was because the service was good and I had there 1 dollar sangria ( who knows what kind of booze was in there) ..so the menu looked  promising ..we started with the crab cakes, they were just mushy and no lumps of crab mostly fillers ..then we split the fried chicken and waffles and there bld burger, I started with the chicken which was just breaded breast which was dry with no flavor the waffle was blah ..then just when you think u can't mess up a burger they did, my girl ordered it medium well and it out extra well extra burnt extra blah.. seemed like someone was pissed because there was no love in any of the food...and finally there prices are pretty jacked for the quality of food you get..never going again
5	BLD = Bo Loves ...... ummm Bo Loves Dis-Place :)I really do love this place. I first heard of it thru Yelp, but never had the chance to visit since it's far from the land of Scottsdale where I dwell.  Finally made it and boy was I thrilled!  I sat at the bar where Aaron was a great host and kept my drinks full.  I ordered "The Goat Burger" -- Yummy!  Oh serve me a sweet bite: goat cheese, bacon, roma tomatoes, and arugula.  Oh how it pleased my palates. The burger was sweet and the scent of the arugula traveled thru my nostrils with delight.  This was one good burger and I must recommend it!The place is like a lounge and with an awesome wine rack in the back.  I totally dig the designs and the communal table in the middle.  I recommend sitting at the end of the bar where the table curves around where you can chat with your friends and of course, Aaron, which showed and offered up some of his favorite wines -- Thanks man! - Enjoy!
1	My husband and I went here friday night we usually like to try a new resteraunt once a week, SAD to say it was TERRIBLE we had ordered short ribs which u could tell it wasn't short ribs it was a chunk of roast sat on a plate..It was very bland had no taste at all!! we were very disapointed for what we spent that night we could have gone to a really nice place... Oh well live and learn unfortunantly we will NEVER BE BACK!! I GIVE THIS PLACE 4 THUMBS DOWN.
4	I have had BLD 3x and tried the breakfast chicken fried steak, the simple breakfast, and the goat burger.Breakfast Chicken Fried Steak: Portion amazing, breakfast tots seasoned and cooked w a light oil. The steak was one of the best I've had: panko breading and seasoned and an eye appealing garnish. I do believe there was a side of fruit too.Simple Breakfast: Portion again good but not as heavy, obviously. Two eggs over easy, bacon, potatoes, and toast. All was excellent and timely. My friend ordered the fried chicken and waffles. The portion was small but the quality looked and as I've been informed was excellent.The Goat Burger: A well designed burger, the textures and eye appeal were as satisfying as the flavor. Thick all natural beef patty topped w goat cheese, arugula, roasted tomatoes and BACON JAM! Yeah I said bacon jam..... Hands down this is a place you gotta try. The food is prepared w organic produce and local when available. The quality of the product is what stands out here. Did I mention the have a solid happy hour too?
1	I have been here twice once for breakfast and once for lunch.The service was great my first visit and awful my second. Both visits offered terrible food and was overpriced. I had hoped for a better experience the second time around. I will never return.
4	I love the pancakes!  They also make an excellent short rib breakfast sandwich!  The decor is nice, friendly staff.  It's a nice change from a chain restaurant!
5	Excellent food across the menu, which changes seasonally.  Excellent service, too.  We eat there a lot because of the flavorful food choices, the attentive service and the dog friendly patio!  The new steak tacos and the new fish tacos are amazing.  You get 3 tacos per plate so you definitely get your money's worth.  We've been to BLD a dozen or more times and consider it our favorite east valley eatery.
4	Short Rib Breakfast Burrito....need i say more?  Go there.  Order it.  Eat it.Great interior, nice servers and excellent food.
3	I really want to like this place, and I do like it, but I cant say that I love it.  They do have a reputation with their service staff, but lately, it seems to have really improved.Their happy hour fare is worthy of four stars, especially with a white or red sangria for only $3... and they're not skimpy portions.I like the drive through.  They have tasty protein shakes (around $6), and you can even get a yogurt & granola to go.  Haven't tried the coffee.Six of us met for breakfast today, and even though the place was jumping, we were seated within 10 minutes.  During our wait time, we were invited to the bar area where we ordered bloody marys and mimosas.Feeling a bit untamed, I went with the short rib benedict, which is served with a red wine hollandaise.  It was OK, and I'm a fan of both short ribs and red wine.  The sauce was actually pink, which didn't give me the impression of red wine.  It was an acquired taste, not bad, but I'll choose a different menu option on my next visit.BLD offers breakfast potatoes, not hash browns, and that makes daddy sad, because I'm a hash brown guy.  But they can fry them good and crunchy if you want.The serving size of their green chili pork tostada is impressive, although I'm not sure I'd call it green chili... more of a simmered pork with some chili.  When I think of green chili, I think of El Zocalo in downtown Chandler.BLD has many more offerings on their menu, so I've got more opportunities to fall in love.
2	Honestly, I LOVE the food here, but the service is absolutely horrible. Everytime time I go I wish for acceptable service and it unfortunately never happens. I decided to bring my parents here for dinner to show them exceptional food, but we were treated poorly. It took at least 15 minutes for my beer that was already poured in the glass when I received it. Not only did the beer take a while, the appetizer did as well. When we repeatedly questioned about our appetizer, our server became frustrated with us. Because of his frustration he had the manager bring the app. The manager asked how we were and with unhappy faces we did not answer, and the manager proceeded not to ask about our poor attitudes but simply walked away. Throughout the meal the server never stopped to talk to us to enlighten our moods, except asked us how we were in passing. Never stopping once, not even to drop the bill! I myself work in the restaurant business and understand the difficulties when dealing with unhappy guests, but by no means was this correct way!!!
1	We keep trying to give BLD a chance because we have been there about 10 times but, seriously, today was the LAST time.  The food has actually improved but is still just average.  What really kills it is the service, it's horrible!  Today we waited for an hour and 15 minutes for our food to come out.  The menu isn't that complicated.  Both the server and manager said, "Well, that's how it is on Sunday."  Really?   Then you should be prepared for that.  Had either one of them apologized and had even the slightest hint of customer service in them, they could have turned the experience around.  Unfortunately this wasn't the first time we had bad service and those times weren't on Sunday, so what is the excuse for those days.Definitely wouldn't recommend going here.
3	Sweet Potatoe Fries.....
1	Here's the thing.  We're pretty big fans of Cork, so when we learned about BLD we were super excited to go.  Sadly, our first experience was really bad.  Because we loved Cork so much we decided not to write a review until we had gone a 2nd time.  Could be a fluke, right?  Wrong.  Here's the breakdown.Visit 1:1. We received chicken that was still releasing pink (not clear) liquids.  When we asked them to give us new chicken the server literally asked "oh, you want that more well done?" as if there is another way to serve chicken.2. After getting the chicken back we found that they didn't actually replate the dish, they just put new chicken on it.  So if the pink liquid did contain any bacteria it was definitely still there.3. Both my husband and I had some pretty terrible "digestion issues" that I wont go into detail on.4. The servers seemed genetically engineered to avoid their tables.  In the 2 hours we were there I'd say we saw our server three times.Visit 2:1. The service was a bit better today but...2. Both my husband, myself, and a 3rd guest had "Bridesmaids" style reactions to the food within a few hours of our visit.  I'm talking total upper and/or lower GI evacuation. Both visits I'd say cost roughly $30 per person and we ended up sick and annoyed.I will never return.
2	I have to say, I've been here about 4-5 times and I honestly haven't been to impressed with the service... I felt like I had to keep tracking down the servers and also I felt like we where always putting them out....??? The food was pretty good... Kinda pricey but not to bad.. I was very disappointed about the orange juice. I was charged $4 for a "fresh squeezed" orange juice and when I got it, it tasted just like from a carton. I asked the waitress, when she finally came around and she said, it is fresh squeezed, we just order it in and it comes in a jug...??? SO that too me is not fresh squeezed and not worth $4 a glass. The french toast isn't bad. They have pretty good happy hour pricing! I just felt like it was nothing special compared to anyone else. Kinda disappointing  cause I was really excited when they went in...
2	Horrible service, mediocre food and overpriced.  Definitely won't be going back.  Called in an order to go and picked it up from the drive-thru.  Got home and opened up our packages to a huge disappointment.  I ordered the South of the Border omelette and couldn't believe that the fruit and sour cream were both thrown on top of the omelette.  The fruit should have been packaged separately (hot and cold don't belong together) and the sour cream should have been in a cup by itself.  The pepper jack cheese in the omelette was of the processed variety (think Velveeta.)  I would think that a place that tries to be higher end would use quality ingredients.  The second order was fried chicken and waffles but that's all we got.  No butter, no syrup.  So instead of eating our meals we had to make a trip to the grocery store to buy syrup since the restaurant was too far away.  When I called the restaurant to point this out I was told (after a very long and awkward pause) that the chicken and waffles would be taken off the bill.
2	Second time to BLD and so disappointed. The short rib breakfast burrito was dry and tasteless, and the avacodo was missing in action! My friend's chicken fried steak was greasy and gloppy and tough. She could barely cut her steak and the potatoes were cold.  Service was indifferent as in our waiter couldn't have cared less about us. He was absent for much of the time we were there. Hey... how about some water?? What a difference from the last time we were here. Can't rave today.
2	Not.impressed.I recently moved around the corner and this place has been on my hit list to try. I met some girlfriends around 6:30 for dinner and drinks. Happy hour goes until 7 so I was pleased about that. The place had a good crowd but wasn't overly busy, as expected for a Tuesday evening. I read the mixed reviews, so I didn't really know what to expect.Unfortunately, it wasn't a great experience for me. I arrived a little after my party and had to wait forever for our server to take my order. Since it was happy hour, I ordered a white sangria. Took forever to come out and it was disgusting. I had to send it back. When I sent it back, my girlfriend told me she had sent hers back right before I walked in and forgot to warn me about it. It tasted so unusual. Like, flat Sprite out of a mildewy dirty soda machine. Gag. And there was no fruit in it (?)I don't know what our server was doing (we saw her a total of 3 times in the 2 hours we were there) but the manager came over to check on us. When I sent the sangria back she was apologetic and recommended a white wine. It was a buttery chardonnay and very tasty. And she also comp'd the drink for me which I appreciated. When she came back with the glass she examined it and saw a spot and went back and brought me a clean one. I appreciated that as well. That took this review from 1 to 2 stars.On to the food. I tasted the crabcakes, bbq shells and cheese and parmesan fries. Not a fan of the crabcakes (in all fairness, I'm from the east coast and ridiculously hard to please when it comes to crabcakes), but they were flat, too much filler and too little crab, and not seasoned well. They should just take the bbq shells and cheese off the menu. It's lazy and gross. The flavors just don't go together. The fries were good. Nothing I haven't had before though. Service (by our server) and the food were seriously lacking. I'm willing to give it another shot since I'm so close and I've heard their breakfast is really good. But I left this evening really disappointed.
3	It's always nice when a place redeems itself a little. I had a horrible time here for dinner recently and decided to give it a second chance for breakfast. I'm so glad I did! Today is father's day and I decided to take my hubby for brunch. We sat at the bar (no kids with us today) and I honestly think that made a lot of the difference.We got to sit down right away, otherwise we would have had a 25 min wait for a table (hey it was father's day so it was really busy).The bartenders are super friendly, and got us our drinks out really fast. It took awhile for them to take our order but once they did, our food came out really fast. I got a mimosa, hubby got a pina colada smoothie which I thought was gross - too thick and left a tangy milky coating on the back of your throat. Ew.The food was ok today. One minor critique is that hubby and I both had to add salt to our meals. I never do that. Usually when I eat out, places are typically too salty. So I felt it was on the bland side. In fact, the guy sitting next to us added like 10 shakes of salt to his meal as well. But definitely good recipes. Crab cake eggs Benedict was great. Loved the citrus hollondaise sauce. Eggs were cooked perfectly. Crab cakes were ok. No complaints other than the seasoning issue. Just a dash to make it perfect.Hubby had the green chili pork tostada. Omg the thing is HUGE. He only dented about half of it. The salsa was fresh. The meat was tender (just needed seasoning!) Overall, pretty good.The atmosphere was great. My husband appreciated the simple masculinity of it all (misters, flat screen tv, beers on tap, open air bar, concrete counter top), instead of the "fru fru" wine bars I "drag" him to lol.I think this will be our go to breakfast spot since it's so close. They still have issues keeping me from a 4 or 5 stars today but I'm hopeful they can get there (I'm just going to avoid dinner here). I still can't say I'm in love with the place. But I'd imagine I'll keep coming back and trying different things. I think it's hit or miss here. Also, it's really overpriced so try and hit up their happy hour specials when possible.
4	Chicken and bacon waffles were delightful. Waffle was brown, crispy and bacon was well cooked. Loved the boneless chicken and it had a great fried chicken coating. Love this place...my third time here
5	Brunch was GREAT!  They got all the bugs out and now its running SMOOTH!  Food is great as well as the service!
2	Food was allright but not sure of it was worth the price. The service was pore. Don't see any reason to ever return.
2	If you fear flavor...this is the fare for you! The nice thing is you don't even have to request no flavor....they omit it automatically. I had some high hopes reading the menu as there are were some very creative and outlandish combinations of ingredients in their entrees. Even the ranch dressing was flavorless and had I had some hidden valley nearby, I would have substituted it out.
3	I really wanted to like this place but nothing really grabbed me.  The beer selection was pretty good and I like that they support local brewers.  We only sampled the App food like the nachos which were average, the queso dip which did not have enough cheese, and the quesadilla which was good but not great.  The biggest jam was the service.  The bartender did not have many guests and our table of four were drinking at a pretty good clip.  Somehow we always found ourselves hunting him down for another beer.  He was nearby but always seemed like he has never worked a service job in his life.  Not good!The decor is a strange mix of contemporary industrial with clean lines and almost IKEA like furniture.   Large stained concrete slabs were the bartop in our area.  The bathrooms are just toilets and you share a wash area with men and women which is different but not really that cool.  Again this place is so close but I think they need a few more elements to click before I would return.
4	The main reason BLD is getting 4 stars is because of the happy hour! $3 for sangria, any of their beers, well drinks etc. and it's until 7:00! We got there pretty early so we had no problems with the service like some of the other reviews. I got the caprese salad which was ok, I've had better, but the toasted bread was not even worth the extra $1. My husband ordered the special which was a seared yellowtail. It was super dry but they remade it for him and he said that one was really good, and it wasn't skimpy at all. It seemed like their prices were a little high for their other entrees but I can't say if they are worth it or not. My salad was about $8.50 and the yellowtail special was $18.We would go back for happy hour - they have some good deals on appetizers too!
2	We used to love this place and would go for breakfast a few times a month. The servers used to be great and i loved the short rib benedict. However, the past two times were just plain bad. First they mess with the menu too much, they don't seem to be able to handle peek times anymore and they mess up the food orders. This last time we had to send the food back twice and we saw two tables get up and leave they were so irritated. We have crossed this off and will not be back.
4	GREAT happy hour til 7 every day.  I always get the red sangria.  The happy hour food is ok, but we prefer to split the goat cheese burger because it is juicy and sooo flavorful.  Service here has always been good, especially while sitting at the bar.  They have a dog patio here as well.  We brought our dog here and they treated her to a huge bone and some water.  She loved it.
3	Place clean and sharp looking, staff friendly, Food above average. The pastrami sandwich and hamburger OK, but nothing really that screams signature dishes or staple to this place. Food like this can be found any where with the same menu. But if you live near by, yes a great place to eat. But if you live far, not worth the trip or gas.
5	I love BLD... LOVE it. I can't get enough of their breakfast foods - especially the Monte Cristo. Who wouldn't love yummy pieces of ham, slathered with raspberry preserved and sandwiched between two thick pieces of french toast. Yum! With potatoes on the side, too. Double yum. I've been several times, for breakfast, lunch & dinner. Breakfast is served until 2pm or so, but after 3pm (ish) the menu changes to dinner only (which is my only complaint... I wish I could have breakfast any time of the day). Their lunch sandwiches have all been delicious and their happy hour menu is pretty darn good too. There is a full bar for all of your booze needs & a wonderfully comfortable outdoor patio. One big highlight for me is that BLD has a dog-friendly patio. I can bring my pooch with me after a trip to the dog park (Paseo Vista dog park isn't too far from BLD). They always offer me a water bowl when she's with me & even sometimes have massive dog bones. The staff have all been fantastic - friendly and knowledgeable. I look forward to going back each time!
4	This place has a great decor, pretty decent prices, OK food and it's pretty convenient. If you don't set your expectations too high, this is a great place to grab a quick bite or meet with friends, family or for business. If you're in a rush or just need to kill some time, their bar is pretty good and they have a drive through for take out, which is pretty convenient.I was craving fried eggs with bacon, and I got just what I was craving. A good portion of crisp bacon, 2 fried eggs and sour dough bread. I had to order extra bread, though because it came with just 2 half slices. The grapefruit juice was pretty good (if you like grapefruit, of course) and the latte was good as well. The potatoes on the side could improve a little bit.All in all, don't expect a lot and you won't be disappointed.  I go to this place plenty of times so instead of writing and up-date i decided to edit this one. They DON'T have ice cream or any desert :( BTW, their patio is dog friendly :) I don't have a dog, but I thought that was cool
1	I really want to like this place.  I have several friends that told me about it.  They have a good vibe, and an interesting menu, but unfortunately after 2 bad visits in 1 week I won't be returning.I went with the family last weekend and had a great waiter, but the food was just so so.  The drink wasn't good, and the burger was well done instead of medium.  They gave me a free drink, and the manager came over on the burger.  I told her it was just feedback on the burger and I didn't want to make a big deal about it even though it was burnt.I went back last night with the family.  My daughters Mac and Cheese came out in less than 5 minutes.  It was salty, and tasted bad.  If a 7 year old who eats Mac and Cheese at least 4 times a week doesn't like it, then it has to be bad.Then we waited 20 minutes for drinks that only came after we reminded the waiter, and the whole time we were out of water.  Our appetizer, tempura zucchini,  was more like beer battered and the zucchini was too thick and under cooked.  The Southwest Aioli looked like it had a crust on the top, and liquid floating, plus it was hot.  Not good for a mayonaise based product.Ordered a chicken dinner to split.  It was burnt on the outside and pink on the inside.  It sat in a bowl of mush which tasted horribly.  We didn't eat hardly any of it, and told the waiter who didn't acknowledge the problem, but did go show the manager which happened to be the same woman that we spoke with the last time we were in.  Instead of her coming over and talking to us, they just took the meal off.I appreciate that they have not charged us for some of our items that were screwed up, but there seems to be little concern for the customer.  They need to fire the chef, fire the expediter, inspect their wait staff for consistency in quality of service, and inspect what their customer experience is all about. We eat out every day and are always looking for good places.  This place has potential, but it's being managed poorly.
4	Visited for the first time Sunday 8/19.   Good experience, the food was great; had the spicy burger with onion rings.  Looking forward to the next visit to try other items on the menu.    Well worth a second visit.   Recommend you try?   The breakfast menu looked very good.
2	Met a friend for breakfast, neither of us had been here before but had heard about it so thought we'd give it a try.Food - so, so, Pricy for breakfast Staff - friendly but unattentiveNot sure if I'll return, maybe for lunch but not breakfast.
2	I went into BLD with my friend, who is also a chef, yesterday. We both ordered off the happy hour menu - he had the Chirizo Nachos and  I had the Pork Queso.Now, my friend is a tough food critic. In all honesty he is way more picky than me - after all I grew up with siblings who would lick or spit on your food to try to claim it and you would either have to tough it out and eat it or starve. In short, my palette is much less sensitive than his and his cooking experience has him even higher standard than myself.With that said, even upon my first bite I noticed that my chips were stale (or under-cooked or overcooked, not sure if there is a taste difference). Being the lenient one, I charged through the pile of chips for the Queso. Some of the chips were not bad. Aside from that, I thought the Pork Queso dip was pretty tasty. I am normally not one to enjoy tomatoes but I really enjoyed them in this dip. I really wish the "simple" part of my meal - the chips - would have been better. I think for the price I would have been better off driving downtown and checking out NachoBot, which is a bare-bone nacho shop... but hardcore delicious and I'm stuffed.My friend had the Chorizo Nachos and really had to bear down to eat them. Not that he was gagging on it, but he wasn't super thrilled by it either. He didn't address it there (see comment below about asking for food) but did address them later in an email. On one hand, I wish my friend addressed it there so that I could have reviewed their response. On the other hand, sometimes it is better to not file a complaint in person - I hate having the management come over and give you free stuff - and maybe my friend didn't want free stuff either.  I cannot comment directly for him - all I can say is that he has told the restaurant before of issues with his food (again, see comment below about the server asking about food).Our service was OK but my friend was really bothered by the employees during their idle time. I had my back to the employees but he said that they were all sitting/standing by the kitchen and essentially messing around. Now, I'm not one to be all hardcore about what people do at work when they have idle time, but they could at least do it out of sight of customers. My friend said that they kept looking over and laughing in our direction - coincidence or were they laughing at us, I cannot comment. All I can comment on is that it could have been more professional.The restaurant itself was pretty cool looking - almost a little too upscale for Chandler, LOL.With all of this said, this is the general basis for my review. My friend wrote an email to BLD to tell them that he did not enjoy his meal. BLD responded, in a way, unprofessionally. They seemed kind of personally offended. With that said, I do agree with them in part that the issue should have been addressed there instead of post in an email. However, call me shy or maybe just preoccupied but I don't ever remember the server asking "how is your food?" either. While this is nit-picky, most restaurants today ask this which I believe prompts you to comment directly on the food instead of just the service (i.e. "how are you doing."). I think if they had asked that then my friend, who was much more dissatisfied with his meal, then he would have addressed this there in-restaurant. Who knows, and maybe this is splitting hairs here. The personal service was pretty decent aside from this even though the "idle-service" being kind of weird with the employees sitting around texting and possibly laughing at you. Decor was awesome. Food was half-good (my pork dip, not the chips), but the prices outside of happy-hour seemed a little high to me. Last but not least while my friends email could have been addressed differently by him (in person, not email) they could have seemed a little less personally offended.Bottom line is this - I doubt that I will visit again and it is not necessarily a place I'd recommend to others. The main reason that I would not suggest BLD is mainly due to the price - my food wasn't too bad aside from half the chips tasting stale. I can get far more food at other places for less money and I don't have to buy on the HH menu to keep costs down. Looking at other reviews on here it seems that other reviewers also felt the prices were high as well.
3	The first time I was here I came with a friend for lunch. The steak tacos were good.  My friends chicken sandwich looked awesome and the sweet potato fries were crisp and fresh. Just tried the $3 house merlot at happy hour and so far I'm a believer. Waiting for the food now. Be right back.  Ok. Tomato bacon soup and grilled cheese worth the $5 price tag. Beware: the tomato soup is spicy! SIZZLE!The steak quesadilla in a green tortilla could have used less cheese but the steak was tender and reminded me of Korean BBQ. Yummy for $7.Finally, we had the pita pizza which was a meal in itself. Tons of arugula with nicely melted goat cheese and a fair amount of prosciutto made this OK for a $7 pick. The place has a great decor but I can see where it is hit or miss. I was fortunate to have a great wait staff on both occasions but then again the restuarant was empty. The vibe is wonderful but they have to have consistency in service or food for it to survive.I wish them luck - I personally would like to see a place like this survive.
5	Great breakfast and lunch, food is excellent.  Great Bloody Mary's.  Friendly staff, bartenders and managers.  Always a good time!
4	I went back. We were hoping to get their Restaurant Week menu but they only offer it at dinner. But we were all starving so we stayed and ordered. We sat at the huge shared table I mentioned in my original review that they used as a business table. The Cardinals game was about to come on and we wanted a view of the TVs that I  also mentioned in my previous review that showed a vile news program. They didn't turn the game on at the start but finished the KC/Wash game and we missed a Cards field goal. (Bitter)The service was GREAT today. I should have gotten our server's name, she was timely, informative and super friendly. Long blonde hair and knew triathlons. About the food - first negative - no kid's menu and the prices are so high. My older boy got the chicken and waffles, this is no LoLo's but the kid really liked it. Small piece of what appeared boneless chicken, lots of waffles with BACON crumbled on top, and a big pile of scrambled eggs (totally unnecessary for the kid) $13The younger boy couldn't find anything he wanted so we got him the BBQ sliders with the caramelized onions and aioli on the side with fries. $10 He wasn't impressed.The husband got the short rib sandwich. Huge, spilling over with meat and caramelized onions, the bread looked rustic but soft with onion rings - he loved it. Enjoyed with Sessions lager. $11.75I got the smoked turkey, thick bacon, thick tomato slices, sprouts and pesto aioli on a croissant. Huge sandwich I could only eat half and was very full. You really can't screw up this sandwich and it wasn't a risky order - I just needed something good after a long run morning. I also got the sweet potato fries, perfect with small but visible bits of salt. Enjoyed with a hoppy beer from Boulder Brewing $10.75It was a much better experience then the first time. They serve you a ton of food we have three boxes in our fridge right now and the prices reflect that. The total was $67 for four lunch/breakfast meals, two sodas, three beers. Now that I typed it out, thought about the quality of food and beer, it is fine. It was a good meal except I missed the start of the game. Boo.
4	My family and I tried this for the first time about a week ago. The food was unique, and very good for adults, but my kids freaked out about it. They had very unique draft beers and unusual drink choices.  It was a little Spendey, but we really enjoyed the change.  Great happy hour prices and happy hour every day of the week.
2	first time, might be last.  had high hopes.  capuccino was very weak, filled cup with coffee after.  went for the monte cristo, my favorite.  the french toast outside was soggy and flat...like pieces coming off the cheap buffet.  the cheese was all in one place...poorly constructed.  potatoes were ok.  place was packed, nice enviro, but unless I find myself around there, I likely won't go back...good idea poor execution
5	Been there twice (so far) first for breakfast then again a few days later for dinner.  To me the prices seemed really good for the quality of food I asked and they use fresh and local products suppliers and you can taste that difference.  Loved the bfast burrito with short ribs for the meat and fam loved the fried chix and waffles!  Dinner was equally good loved the pork and polenta with cheese fam liked all they had.  Service was prompt cheerful and professional.  Recommend them and definately be back.
2	We were a party of five looking for a light meal.  Several of us initially selected the happy hour special of soup and grilled cheese, but the tomato bacon soup apparently is very spicy, which didn't appeal to members of my party. When we looked closer at the menu, it appeared that a lot of the dishes involved a lot of peppers...and a lot of goat cheese. Anyway, I took advantage of the happy hour beer specials, but unfortunately I really hated the second beer (something by Deschutes that I think might have been skunked). Our server disappeared for the first of several times; another server ended up getting me a different drink.Two members of my group ordered quesadillas, one chicken and one steak; when the runners brought one to the table, they said, "here's a chicken quesadilla...or steak, I don't really know," and plopped it down. My squash spaghetti arrived several minutes after everyone else's dishes. My dish was underwhelming: the goat cheese (of course!) was congealed in clumps (as one might have expected), the sauce was very oily, and the dish had no discernible seasoning. After we had finished, our plates lingered for far too long. Once we received the check, we actually never saw our initial server again, having to flag down another server to get our credit card processed.I'm not really sure what this place is going for. At the price point for dinner, the food and service need to be much better than it is.
3	We went here mainly because of the location and the dog friendly patio.  The patio itself is very nice and has a lot of well shaded areas to keep you cool from the hot sun.  We had breakfast here, which was a mixed experience meal-wise.  I had the Hawaiian French toast ($8.75) which was disappointing to me.  The only thing that seemed to make it Hawaiian was a few slices of banana placed on top of the French toast.  The menu listed a molasses batter for the toast, but I couldn't taste much molasses flavor.  In addition, the toast itself looked overcooked and tasted dry.  For $8.75, I would have liked to see more ingredients than some slices of banana on top of 2 sliced pieces of battered toast (Maybe some pineapple? Or grilled ham?).My husband had the biscuits and gravy platter (Around $10), which I thought was much better value wise and taste wise.  The gravy was rich and delicious, and it was a large amount of food since it came with bacon, potatoes, and 2 eggs.  I also tried the short rib benedict, which was nicely cooked, with great flavor.  So while I didn't really enjoy my dish, the others I tried were very good.  I'd like to go here again to try more dishes, but be aware of what entrees to get!
4	a few months later and I have to update my review.  Remember how I was saying even though it didn't capture me those first several visits?  Well, I kept going anyway... not out of my way, just casually when there were no other options I was interested in, I'd say "how 'bout BLD?".  So, 4 visits later, I feel I owe them another star.. they seemed to have picked up their game.  The dish I thought was not executed well (green chile pork tostada) was very well put together and so flavorful that I had to Yelp about it.  The other menu items I ventured to try were the scrambles.. specifically the shrimp-chorizo - AH! DELICIOSO!!  quickly became one of my favorite dishes!  See? I knew there was something special about this place.. they just needed to work out all the kinks.. and it seems like they did, I've noticed.  Also, the waiters have been good - prompt, accomodating, and informative.. that helps a lot.So, thank you, thank you for making improvements.. you now can count me as a fan!
1	Very bad experience at BLD this morning.  On our last vist the waitress forgot to place our order, after 30 minutes we left.  Today the service very poor and slow.  The wait staff just doesn't care about customer service.  Stopped woman manager and told her we had been waiting 35 minutes for our food.  No apologies, she brought our food and never stopped by our table thru the meal to see if everything was okay.  Too loud and too much of a bar atmophere for breakfast.  Never again and I live just down the street.
2	I have been to BLD 4 times and I have to say it is kind of a wreck.  It is an "upscale diner" in a place filled with casual dining.  It is overly complicated and expensive.My first expirience was a happy hour that didn't bring me back until a work lunch.  The sandwich then was soggy on the bottom.  A coworker had the same order as me but his serving was tiny in comparison.My daughters and I stopped in after a bike ride recently and split some of the house potato chips (that don't seem to be on the menu).  They have a blue chees sauce and Frank's hot sauce which the server said we could get on the side.  Since my young girls don't like spicy food, we did.  The chips were good and fun but I think cheddar would be a good alternative to the blue cheese.I went back with my family to sit on the patio and have apps.  They do not have heat on the patio which one server described as "small" but really isn't.We asked our waiter for the house chips and it took several trips to the kitchen before he understood what we wanted and figured out they could make them (at first he said they were out of the sauce).    We forgot to ask for the hot sauce on the side and he didn't think to recommend it.Aside from the chips we had the zucchini with red chili aioli, the house salad, calamari and bacon and parm fettuccini.The zucchini was a decent value at $5 HH prices but the sauce seemed more like ketchup and mayo than red chili aioli.  The house salad was also a decent value and $5.50 but the the candied nuts were heavy handed and overly seasoned.  The calamari was well done but the sause with just yellow with a bit of heat and seemed to be about $2 too much at $9.25.  It really added nothing.  Even Carraba's has a better sauce.  The fettuccini was loaded with a ridiculous amount of bacon and was outrageously priced at $14.25 for some bacon, red onion, noodles and cheese.  Cut out 70% of the bacon and take $5 off the price please.  When we left the place at 6:30pm there were only a couple of tables working and a couple of people at the bar while UB's and Oregano's was packed.  With other gems like Pitta Souvli in the area I think BLD needs to find a way to be more competitive if they want to stay in business.
4	Creative menu, lots of varitey.  They even have a drive thru!
2	The service and atmosphere was great.....but it couldn't make up for the super greasy food. Even the spaghetti squash dish was swimming in butter. I like comfort food but this wasn't comforting it was just oily.
4	We went in for breakfast a couple weeks ago and at first glance the menu was a few dollars more expensive per item than other places offering the same items--but I'll say now that the food was worth the extra dough.We had the chicken and waffles and breakfast sandwich, both were delicious, better than expected.  I can't call either of these dishes particularly healthy but they were definitely tasty.  Staff and service were friendly and attentive.We'll be back.
2	This weekend I stopped in on a bike ride with my kids again.  Our waitress was completely cluesless.  I asked her about the beer menu and she said and she mentioned a few and then menutioned "we have Firestone". I ask which one because I love the double barrel and the union jack.She looked clueless and said " I will get you the menu"  This was out on the patio.  She doesn't know the drinks and she is serving the patio?  My girls had lemonade and I order the Stone IPA after seeing that the Firestone was a stout.  Of course, she brought me a stout.  When I told her I order the Stone IPA and even showed it to her on the menu she insisted that the Firestone Stout was the only Firestone on tap.... yeah........She then asked us for our order and I stated we were only having drinks.  She then pulled out her pad and said "ok, go ahead"..........  errr, we had our drinks already, check please.
1	We both got sick after breakfast
3	This was my first time here. I liked the ambiance. Very nice looking restaurant. Clean. Staff seemed friendly. As far as the food goes it was good but not impressive. Nothing made me say "wow this is really good. I want to keep coming back here." Nothing wrong with it. I just left with my socks still on. I have had better breakfast food elsewhere. Now I might go back and try some other things and see if my opinon changes but that remains to be seen. The menu did look like it had some good options and the price was pretty good. So I might give it one more try but for now it was good.
3	Hosted the 2nd Breakfast Club UYE last sat and this time I picked BLD.Even though BLD did not take reservations they were able to seat us right away, which I was happy with! I liked the way the place is set up, its bright, cheerful and opened, liked the opened ceiling, my work has the same type, also liked that they are dog friendly and have patio seating for the dog lovers, and they even have a drive thru so you can order food and go. Like the overall vibe BLD has. Our server was Tara, and she was super! Always making sure our table had everything we needed and seeing how we were doing. Love good service!  I picked BLD because I heard they had eggs benedicts and I have been craving hollandaise sauce forever! I ordered the Cali Benedicts, came with bacon, tomato & avocado, poached eggs on top of a English muffin covered in hollandaise sauce with a side of breakfast potatoes. The plate looked beautiful, bright yellows, greens and reds; I like color so this pleased my eyes. The only thing that was a bummer was it was lacking in flavor, everything was bland, the hollandaise sauce was creamy, but no tangy taste too it, and that's the part I had been craving.  So I wasn't blown away with the flavor of the food, but I was happy with checking out BLD.
4	Was here last week for the Yelp Breakfast Club UYE.  Even though we were potentially a large group we were seated quickly and had good service throughout the meal.  My breakfast meatloaf hash ( a chunk of meatloaf on a bed of onions, mushrooms, cheese, potatoes and eggs with the whole thing smothered in brown gravy)  was not only good but the serving was huge.  Everybody else in the group had good things to say about their choices.  Splitting checks was not a problem for them.
5	I love the goat burger and the sweet potato fries. The waiter is always super nice and cracks jokes, makes for a great atmosphere.
4	I'm very happy we finally tried BLD for breakfast.  We arrived around 8:30 and it wasn't busy at all, which is fine by me.  I don't really dig crowds because that usually means there's the potential for loud talkers, drunken sluts, and unsupervised crumbsnatchers.  I'll take peace and quiet where I can get it.Anyway!  I had the Green Chili Pork Tostada which was a beautiful and flavorful dish.  I should have taken a picture of it, but I'm still Yelp-shy when it comes to taking pics in front of the staff.  Beautifully presented, the pork was tender and plentiful, and I really enjoyed the black bean puree which smoothed out the spicy pico de gallo.  I have mentioned before that I'm a heat pansy, and this dish was good, but a little spicy for me.  Overall I think the flavors blended very nicely.  I brought home half of it and I think the leftovers will make some very nice breakfast burritos tomorrow morning.Mr. M had the biscuits and gravy, bacon, breakfast potatoes, and eggs sunny side up.  His meal was cooked perfectly as well, and I really like it when onions are fried up with the taters.  I was sticking my fork into his plate more than once, and used one of those potatoes to soak up some of the flavorful broth on my plate.  Delicious!  I enjoyed the B & G, but he said he didn't care for the gravy very much, that there was something sweet about it that he didn't expect that reminded him of hollandaise sauce.  Maybe they got their whisks mixed up.  I dunno, but I liked it.We watched the chicken & waffles and the meatloaf hash get walked by our booth and I'm looking forward to a return visit to give them a try.  Our server was friendly and fast with refills and the atmosphere was nice.  I like the calming grey color scheme.  The coffee was nothing special to me, but not bad.  Next time I would try one of their specialty coffee drinks.
4	BLD (Breakfast Lunch Dinner) is great. They have a great menu for all three meals of the day, and I'm a fan of each.  The breakfasts I've had there are great, specifically the pancakes and the eggs benedict. Both were delicious and filling. I've had dinner there too, which was called the "pound and a half burrito" which consisted of eggs, potatoes, avocado, and shredded ribs. It was delicious and I was very pleased. My parents both enjoyed it as well, and have stated their want to come back soon!  The look of the establishment is very modern, and they have a wonderful patio and bar that I have yet to sit at. Im hoping to do so very soon.  The waiters and waitresses are very pleasant and know what they are talking about.  I  look forward to my visits to BLD, whenever they are planned! I would recommend this to anyone who is in the area, and even anyone who doesn't mind driving a bit farther for a great meal.  I hope that this restaurant stays this way, as I would hate to have it change management or owners and go downhill. One of my new favorites!
4	Happy hour time! After a rough start, it really makes me happy to come back and find that this place gets better and better each time.Hubs and I weren't really hungry but wanted a snack. I ordered a red sangria and a pita pizza. Hubby ordered 24oz beer (for only $4.50!) and the artichoke salad, which wasn't really a traditional salad, but a board.Everything was fantastic. My pita pizza was amazing! Everything I love...arugala, mozzarella, prosciutto, roasted tomato, balsamic...oh heavenly deliciousness!Our bill was around $24. Not bad at all! Service was great too. Very happy!
5	We love breakfast, brunch, lunch, and happy hour here. Service is always great. One of our favorites. Yeah Bloody Mary's.
3	Ok I'm going to leave my rating at 3 stars because this place is a hit or miss. We were here the other night for happy hour and had such a great experience we came back on Fri for dinner. Not happy. My margarita was not good and my husband ordered the special - corned beef. It was over cooked, rubbery, and did not have any corned beef flavor. Highly disappointed. I ordered the pita pizza which was great again (thank goodness).I've had equally good and bad experiences here now. Not sure what to think. They aren't consistent.
2	My wife and I have been here for both breakfast and lunch. With breakfast, I had the Hog and I believe my wife had the Breakfast Burrito. The Hog was good, although I was searching for the cheese, the Breakfast Burrito however was a different story. My wife isn't a fan of onions and this was onion overkill. It totally overpowered everything else in the burrito and she could not eat anymore. Now to lunch. We thought/hopes it would be different since it had been months since breakfast (breakfast was around Thanksgiving), however one of us left hungry again. This time it was me. I had the Steak Tacos and she had a Chicken Sandwich. My tacos were incredibly overspiced that I couldn't enjoy them, although I tried eating 2 of the 3. My mouth was on fire and so was her's after a small cut of the steak. We got a check back a minute after the food was dropped but I hadn't eaten much at that point. The next time the waiter stopped back, which was about mid way thru our meal, he dropped the check off and said I'll take this for you when you're ready. I didn't know I was finished with my meal! We were disappointed for B and L, I don't think we'll be going back for D.
1	BLD is the one place in Chandler that I really want to like, but after three visits, I just give up. They have a great-looking menu, a hip-kinda vibe, and all the promise in the world. And that's where it ends.A disinterested hostess will invariably seat you in the one table you'd least prefer. Near the kitchen entrance. Near an angry baby. Whatever.Next, one of several equally disinterested servers will arrive to take your drink order and by the time you've worked up a good thirst, drinks will arrive. If you're lucky, it'll be the drinks you actually ordered. If you're really lucky, they'll be good.The one saving grace on the breakfast menu is the Monte Cristo. A+, seriously. Everything else is average, despite how it reads on the overpromising menu. And don't worry about the prices: just pretend you're in Scottsdale or, say, Midtown Manhattan, for the entire meal. If you remember you're in Chandler, you'll just get angry.Like the breakfast menu, the lunch menu equally overpromises, but that's okay, because you'll wait just as long to receive your food. If it's not over or undercooked, you might as well just dig in and not think about how much you overpaid for a sub-par meal.BLD looks and act like they want to be a BFD (big friggin' deal) but they need to start caring about both their customers and their food first. A good menu doesn't make a good restaurant if you don't deliver the goods.
4	The food was amazing and worth the dip in the pocketbook. A downfall was the atmosphere felt like a cafeteria. Service was passing.
3	The service was great but the food was sub-par.  When the food arrived it was on the cold side and wasn't very tasty.  I ordered the eggs Benedict my friend ordered Spanish omelet which was cold as well.
4	The baked ziti was good as was the Green Giant salad.  I spent $120.00 for 10 people to eat from my office and we didn't finish the all the food.  The salad was probably my favorite as the dressing was different but very yummy.  I've heard from other employees say that breakfast is really good.
4	For some reason as a family we only go to this place for breakfast, about once every 2-3 months. It's consistently great albeit a little on the pricy side.  That's our fault though because our kids like smoothies with their breakfast which really adds to the cost.  Once in a while if I am out and about and want a healthy alternative to fast food, I'll go through their drive through and get a protein shake.  It's quick and convenient and a better choice than typical fast food.Went recently for happy hour to meet friends and their happy hour menu (both food and drinks) were really great!  Will have to do that again soon.
3	I've seen this place for a couple of years now, but didn't drop in until yesterday.So we ordered the short ribs (I was told it was the house specialty) and chicken fried steak.Chicken fried steak was good.  Oddly its served with a brown gravy.  The veggies that came with it were very good.  Garlic mashed potatoes were half way decent.The short ribs came with butter nut squash hash, greens (spinach) and some of the braising liquid.  The dish was ok.  The braising liquid didn't really add much to the dish and the butternut squash has was so so.  The greens were good.  Overall the dish was missing something.I expect we'll go back again, but I'm pretty sure I won't order the short ribs.
4	I've had both breakfast and lunch here. Both very good. Service was great. Location and ambiance is great too. Manager's are very friendly and supportive of other local businesses.
2	Saturday brunch has NEVER been such a terrible experience. We walked in- and got an eye roll for asking to be seated on the patio....apparently they'd have to "clean off a table....but....if we wait we can go there" well, I guess I assumed all tables had to be cleaned regardless, but...if my waiting to sit outside on a nice day is such an inconvenience, far be it for me to place judgment there....so....we sit down...and the real "customer service" begins. To make a long story short- our waitress seemed bothered by simple requests (like to grab us the drink we asked for 10 min ago) she actually tried to avoid requests at all...she was not necessarily rude...she was just uninterested in serving. Anyone who knows me knows I HATE complaining, or even sticking up for myself    To any person who is doing me a service- so maybe it is my own fault for not speaking up...I wish my experience was unique, however, I heard a couple to the left of us complaining also. I wish we would have sat at the bar- the bartender seemed like the ONLY person interested in customer service. If my review was based on service alone-I'd give it one star...but the food wasn't bad...the menu is small...don't order the fruit...it is ONE type of fruit...the menu should probably have just said dried up watermelon..not fruit.
3	Good solid food. Ok atmosphere.
4	The food was good. The service was nice. I had a reuben with sweet potato fries and a iced green tea. The bill was average. I'd go again.
4	This place is more over a 41/2 but at least a 4. The breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all worthwhile.  We've tried them all.  Been here many many times.  The bar is fun to grab a drink at during games or on a weekend night.  We love the servers, bartenders, and managers.  Great place.  When they get super busy it can be a little slower but nothing major and frankly no restaurant is perfect.  Since the other places have opened in the strip mall the whole area has really picked up, which is nice to see.  The Cali Benedict, shrimp and chorizo hash, and the Florentine are excellent.  The eggs and sausage with a biscuit are very good.  Love the biscuits!  The coffee drinks are always tasty, love the Americano and Soy Latte.  They also have many coffee drinks that aren't on the menu so ask or tell them what you want.  For lunch, the goat burger is really good.  As far as dinner, the short rib pasta and the short rib dinner are very good.  Really a nice addition to the local east valley breakfast, and overall restaurant, scene.  This place is one of our staples.
4	A classic diner with a bit of charm.Lots of flair on the menu and items made with quality ingredients. Goat cheese burger had a real wow factor, but they do basics well to: their pancakes might be the best item on the menu.Great inside as well good plac eot meet people or bring others. Why not five? Well, there is a wait to get food and price is high for the amount of food (but I'll admit I'm a big guy and they do use quality stuff).
1	My boyfriend and I were looking to switch things up for breakfast this past Sunday. We'd passed by BLD a few times before and thought we'd give it a try. The atmosphere is hip enough, and it seemed pretty decently busy. My boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy while I ordered the traditional breakfast of scrambled eggs, wheat toast, bacon, and I ordered a pancake instead of the breakfast potatoes. First time around, my eggs were cold. Very cold. I informed my waitress who had them remade for me. Honestly, I would rather eat eggs from Denny's than eggs from BLD. They were watery and flavorless no matter how much salt and pepper I added. The toast came buttered but with no jam or jelly brought to the table. Bacon was fine as it's pretty hard to mess up bacon. The pancake was large, but really just sort of "meh". Nothing too terribly exciting. As for the biscuits and gravy, the entire dish reeked of onion. The onion flavor was so strong that it completely overpowered any other flavors that could have been present. Finding his dish inedible, we left having eaten between us a piece of toast, half a pancake, and bacon. Perhaps the food for lunch and dinner is better, but I don't think neither my boyfriend of myself care to find out. Overall, the atmosphere is nice, but the food was awful. We won't be returning.
3	I heard about this restaurant from the radio station 103.9. I was listening to Monti's morning show and she began talking about how great the food was at BLD. We decided to visit for lunch. The menu was interesting and had a lot of choices that were different. Not the same old same old.I asked how long BLD had been opened and was very surprised when he said two years. I had never once heard of this place until now.We ordered the Dr Pepper BBQ pork sandwiches. He got onion rings I got sweet potato fries. All of it was delicious.The only reason we may not choose to visit this place is that while the waiter was helpful, and he eventually warmed up...it appeared to be an effort.  The manager, or whom we believed to be the manager never even said "boo" to us. He must have walked by us four times and tried hard not to make eye contact. We were there at a non busy time of day, not the height of lunch hour. He wandered around the restaurant, visited their wine cellar. We just felt, like in other restaurants where management cares about their customers, he would at least stop by once and ask how we enjoyed our meal.  He didn't stop at any of tables, so everyone was neglected. Once again, I'll say that he was not too busy.I read the other reviews after our visit and it appears that many others feel about the same way as far as the service/servers/management treatment of customers. There are many restaurant choices for my family to choose from and we like to go where we feel welcome...not just another person to hand food to and pay the bill. I'm  not sure that we will go back, even though we saw some items on the breakfast menu that we thought were unique.
5	Mouth-watering goodness!!! Glad I stumbled upon this place while working :) I may just have to drive out here to have the "Goat" burger again...
5	Great breakfast! Love the french toast monte cristo! Owner also has great high end restaurant in south chandler called cork. Surprised at some of the low reviews for BLD.  We enjoy coming here on the weekends and also have a nice happy hour.
5	Great atmosphere and food! Had the breakfast burrito and I have to say it was one of the best I have ever had. Great breakfast spot.
1	Third time is not the charm. Sorry guys but your waitress was rude and sarcastic (and not in a good way either.) I'd love to come into this restaurant and have a friendly vibe but it just isn't happening. Water is not filtered and you can taste it. Hot chocolate was neither sweet nor chocolately. And hey, is it really so hard to put the hollandaise on the side? That's what I asked for but that's not how my benedict came to me. Set in front of me with no apology like I just have to eat it this way or nothing. And that avocado mush - what is that? No flavor added to the bennie at all. Whatever - There won't be any more chances here. Really sorry - I tried to like you.
4	We love this place!  Quality ingredients, great yummy salads, nice breakfasts as well and they also do a great job on the happy hour.  Wine's are $2 off and their appetizer menu is always good.  We enjoyed the flatbread and cheeseboard and both of them had good sized portions.  We regularly eat here and highly recommend to anyone looking for fresh quality food!
3	I have eaten here over 10x. I used to go a lot on my lunch break, but I have stopped. They had really good burgers. The environment is nice, but the last 2x I went they messed up my order and I believe they made a mistake and put sugar on my french fries.
2	I am very disappointed in the service of this place. Fist the server was very unfriendly and we had to remind him every time we needed something. I bought a $9 protein shake that tasted terrible. I brought this to my servers attention yet he did nothing to correct the problem. I thought he might of taken it off the bill but he didn't. The breakfast was actually very good so i still gave this place a 2 star.
4	I've been to BLD for breakfast twice. The prices are fair for the amount of food you get. The breakfast menu has a good variety of options and the place is clean. The wait, however, is questionable. Both times I went on a Sunday and waited 10-20 mins at most for a table. The service could be better. Those who wait on you tend to take your order after you've looked around for them; busy or not, service is critical. The community table gets the worst service in my opinion (will never sit there again).This place is convenient and provides a break after Sunday church service. One day I'll try lunch and dinner, they have a decent menu.
5	This place is really nice.   Would definitely come back for a date night.  I would recommend splitting a meal.  Proportions are HUGE.  The BLD burger is awesesome but just tooo big.
4	excellent bartender! nice place. the food is a hit or miss, some is good some is not, most of the specials, stay away from. get the menu food, it's much bettter, but still be choosy. the bagel sandwich is a must have breakfast sandwich! and the chicken parm sandwich special is a must stay away from not good sandwitch at all! but go try this place, it's cool. and go to the bar, you'll usually get excellent service especially if it's Bill!
3	We frequent BLD mainly for breakfast but will occasionally go for dinner too.  Honestly, the service is inconsistent - poor!  Today my husband and I went for breakfast, our waiter hardly took the time to listen to our order, brought me the wrong late twice (pumpkin spice late came as chi - gross! where was the espresso?) finally I said I would like a cup of just plain coffee.  My husband got his eggs benedict and enjoyed them, I had a waffle but unfortunately I had to ask for butter and syrup because they brought it plain - really?  My coffee finally came when our food arrived, my waffle got cold as we had to wait a while for the butter and syrup.  Topper of this, the waiter never came to check how the food was or if we wanted anything else, left the bill and made a point to show us by circling the "credit" that was given for the late!  Great, we didn't pay for what wasn't made right and we didn't consume but then charged us for the cup of coffee that came late?  Disappointing!  BLD can be good but the lack of consistency with their food and service is less than desirable.  We will not be going back for a while
5	The best breakfast in chandler......I'm a big fan of the eggs benedict - especially the BLD, the Cali and the Florentine. The best chocolate chip pancake that I've had in AZ. The south of the border omelet is just perfect. The flavors combine perfectly!  Services is great and the server we always have - Jess (blonde), she is the best!!!!!! I've been for happy hour as well - so affordable, great prices, small plates, easy for sharing.
3	I go for lunch with my special lady friend. Its been good every time we go.The service is great! Lots of good drinks. Maybe its just as good for dinner?The only problem is they have funked up my wife's order a couple of times. They fix it but kind of sucks waiting.I did not like the Dr Pepper pork sandwich. They acted like it was straight from Georgia. Eeehh, you could do the same in a croc pot. Other than that, I recommend the hot pastrami sandwich. The spicy burger is good too.All in all a good local spot. Couple beers, couple laughs, couple of burgers.
4	I really like BLD! It has fun food options on the menu and a small but good drink menu. Sometimes the wait staff is a little lack luster but most of the time they are on it. Everything I have tried on the menu has be very tasty!
2	We decided to stop in for breakfast today.  We have been here many times for breakfast and it is an up and down experience.  Today was a down experience.  First off they had fresh squeezed orange juice on the menu and I had to have a glass a small for $2.50, but to my disappointment it wasn't!!  Trust me when I say I know fresh squeezed!!  Second off my favorite dish is the short rib benedict and it always came with red wine hollandaise, and now it comes with brown gravy...WTF??  So I switched to the traditional benedict.  I was disappointed that the normally amazing hollandaise had absolutely no flavor to it, the potatoes had no flavor...it was like they didn't season anything today.  Also the normally fresh shaved ham was now some crappy sliced deli ham.  Needless to say I wont be going back for a while again, sorry to say as it has potential to be good, but they need to go back to the way things were!!
4	I've been back several times since my first review! One of my favorite places to eat for sure! The menu is amazing! Sunday brunch is great! Football, food, mimosas. Prepare for a wait most likely but I usually get right in without one.
5	Would go here everyday if I lived closer. The artichoke salad app is terrific, the Bibb Salad phenomenal. They have a great Happy Hour and delicious items for breakfast. Really, Really like this place!!
1	I'm not much of a reviewer unless I feel it necessary, maybe 3 or 4 times, but I finally saw the picture perfect 1star review at BLD so I have to share. I have been here a handful of times but obviously in last 3 or 4 months management or ownership has changed.  Food portion was small and subpar at best and the service was almost the worst I have ever had. Totally cold and unwelcoming.  I won't go into detail where it was wrong specifically but I will not be back to BLD.
4	Always a good experience. Easy to get in and out. Steak salad is excellent. Friendly staff. Only ever been there for the L in BLD.
4	BLD is always a good bet. Outdoor patio is dog-friendly and they have some nice loungers outside when all you want to do is sit around and have some appetizers or drinks. I also really like their kids' menu. It's refreshing that a place that has some really good food also has really good food for kids. In fact, that's probably the number one reason why I come here SO often - I don't have to compromise on my meal when I want to eat out with my child. Atmosphere is pretty hip and modern. They did a nice job with the space. Only thing is that the music they play can get pretty loud in the evening. Hard to talk to friends unless you're right next to each other. My favorite part of their menu is their green chile pork tostada which is only served for breakfast. It's also a HUGE portion of food and could easily be shared.
2	1st time here.  Both ordered Monte Christo sandwiches.  You know its not good when the food comes out in less than 10 minutes.  Soggy sandwich.  Cold potatoes.  Ice tea and coffee just plain bad.  Won't get a second chance... plus side-waitress very nice.
5	Had breakfast at BLD on Sunday morning and had amazing service at the bar. Not to mention the food and drinks were great too!
5	The food here is amazing. You can tell the owners really love to cook.  I haven't had a bad meal here.  Quiet most days for lunch and dinner.  It can be crazy on Sundays for brunch with the after church crowd, so try to avoid it then.  Monte Cristo sandwich is insanely good, but they have lots of lighter food available too.  I also like the simple breakfast if you just want eggs and bacon.  Also the chicken and brie sandwich is pretty good too.  The men in my family like Hash of the Dog.
5	Its a bit pricey however it is worth it in my opinion.  I have never had a bad meal, and if you feel like a burger and a beer, get here before 3 to get the widest selection.  Also they have a dog friendly patio, and a doggie bowl with a chicken or beef option.  This place is great for a date night.
2	no that great of a breakfast
5	This place is an amazing pleasure. Best restaurant around for me in 2013. Best cappuccino breve around. Fabulous dirty chai. Green chili pork tostada with poached eggs is great. The staff is phenomenal. They do their best to make each guest happy. The food is excellent. This is better than any diner I have ever been at. Really, to compare it to any other restaurant you must go to a different category. I have never had any problem getting seated. I go here every week. I have been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I have entertained guests, hung out at the bar, wined and dined on date night here. The tacos, meatloaf, hash, burger, steak, salmon, and such are great. I go out to eat quite a bit, travel often, and prefer upper crust, home made, locally owned spots and look for them world wide. I am so happy this one is close to home. Thanks for the great food this year! I look forward to the next. Cheers!
3	Was goodBrought a client here and he loved his burger. It was huge. My chicken sandwich was good. It looked like it was going to burst with flavor, but it was kind of bland. Service was great
3	Food was decent. Not the best ever but not bad, at all. The prices are like dinner prices. My wife and I spent about $30. I had the carne asada and eggs and she had the biscuits and gravy. The portions were large, though. They get you on the sides and drinks. Not that cheap, but again, decent food.
4	Atmosphere is nice.  Prices are a little high for lunch.  The food is tasty though.  It's nice to have things on the menu that are different.  Dog friendly patio.
3	The food is great, portions are huge.  Our server left much to be desired (no eye contact), but that did not take away from the quality of the food.  And the bathrooms are unique.
2	We have been here before and are a fan of Monte Cristo sandwiches so we decided to go for lunch today. The service and atmosphere was good. A few Chandler workers were having lunch but the place was not full by any means. The side potatoes were very good. But, the Monte Cristo had a funny flavor that both my wife and I picked up on. It was ok... but not something I would go back for. Something just tasted strange. It seemed overpriced too. We had two Monte Cristos and one iced tea. After the tip it was over $30. Too much for a couple sandwiches for lunch. I don't think we will go back..
4	Great location for Happy Hour, Lunch and Breakfast. Never been here for Dinner but the other three all have dinner items on them. I would recommend this place for a date, or a family. Very versatile menu which can accomidate the pickiest of diners. Be sure to try the Tangerine beer if you like Blue Moon or Shock Top. The patio is Pet Friendly, super plus!  Booths can accomidate parties of 6-8 depending on how big your peeps are. There's also a long hightop table that could probably seat 20.
5	Best breakfast around! Never had lunch or dinner here, but I've tried many different things on the breakfast menu and have never been disappointed. The food taste great, and they have a full bar. I love that dogs are welcome too!
5	My wife and I go here almost every weekend. The food is great and the service is always great too. Good beer selection and the mimosa's and bloody Mary's are awesome as well.
5	Best place for a burger and beer. All American spirits and microbrews, I've never had a bad meal and I've sampled the entire menu. I recommend short rib pasta, sub parmesan out get pepper jack in, add jalapenos. Or try any burger :)
4	If you are looking for a fresh and slightly different lunch spot this is the one. I've only been there once, but I was happily surprised at how delicious my food was. I had the powerhouse salad (or something like that). It was very fresh. The portions are generous.
3	Good food but and while the servers are friendly, they're very slow and absent. :-(Tried to go there tonight but the parking situation is horrible there - no parking unless you use the "free" valet service.
4	Really good Mac n cheese with bacon prosciutto Brie and havarti!! Very good. It's a thin saucy type of cheese. Not a thick cheesy Mac n cheese. The polenta with braised short ribs was very good too. Lots of good options. Nice modern restaurant.
3	I can't say enough good things about the breakfast at BLD. The eggs benedict are super yummy, the carne asada is delicious and the green chili pork tostada is delightful.However, after breakfast things take a turn for the worse. I've been for lunch a few times, but nothing has impressed me. Dinner is even worse. Nothing has been bad, but it's never been good. Often, meals have been rather bland. Also, some of their prices seem a bit higher than they should be. $7 for a large dirty chai? Really?I really want to like BLD and support businesses in my neighborhood. I hope dinner gets better, but I can recommend it for breakfast without reservations.
3	I tried this place after meeting one of the bartenders (Bill) at the bank.  I really wanted to love this place but I found that I only like it a little upon first visit.They do have some local beers but no porters or stouts :(For lunch I ordered the green chili pork tostada.  Overall an okay flavor but the salsa drowned out the flavors of the pork and the black beans.  A little less sauce might have created the balance I was looking for in this dish to make it lovable.Still looking for something to love I ordered the chocolate pudding cake.  My first few bites really excited me:  the flavors well balanced and none overpowering the rest.  Then I hit the portion of the cake that was burned.  Overall this establishment shows a lot of promise.  I look forward to trying other options here.
1	This place is horrible for breakfast. They were charging a ridiculous $5.00 for a cup of hot tea so we stopped going for a while. Thought we'd give them another chance today. Bad decision. Our kid's pancakes came out with pieces of spinach in them instead of chocolate chips. My wife's potatoes were so burnt and nasty that she switched to tomatoes instead. Then they overcharged us (stupidly we didn't realize it until we got home). So we drove back there and after a diffucult time getting anyone to help us find the manager, she didn't even apologize. Just said "ok I fixed the total." Bad, bad, bad. Go elsewhere.
4	I live right down the street from BLD and go there often.  Great CRAFT BEER Selection and service at the bar cant be beat.  Did I mention their green chilli pork? OMG!
5	I sat at the bar on a semi-slow night and my boyfriend and I had the attention of the bartender and manger. Suggesting American spirits and samples. Had a fantastic time and will be back soon. Ps the rib and polenta was fantastic and filling.
4	I've been here 2 times in the last 2 weeks, and this place is pretty good.  The service I received was excellent!  When I went for lunch, the atmosphere was very relaxed, and the bartender was very attentive.  Same goes for breakfast, even though it was much busier during the breakfast visit (I overheard a server saying they're busiest during the breakfast times).For breakfast, I went with a tried and true, biscuits and gravy, which comes with 2 eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, and potatoes.  My server asked me if I wanted some chorizo on my potatoes, which was unexpected, but later I saw that their lunch special was tacos with chorizo.  I probably should have steered clear of the chorizo, as it was a bit much, but I didn't look at the special board before I came in.  For those who like extras though, it was nice that he offered and didn't charge for it.  The biscuits were slightly disappointing, I'm sad to report.  They had a good flavor, but they were a little overbaked to the point where they were almost hard.  Also, the parts that didn't have gravy on them actually tasted of slightly burned biscuit.  :(  This saddened me, but didn't take away from the meal too much.When I went for lunch the previous week, I got the grilled chicken sandwich, which comes with bacon on it and avocado.  The sandwich tasted awesome!  This time, the only downside was a matter of mechanics.  The bacon/avocado would not stay between the bun (which was a bacon focaccia, I believe... yum!) when I'd bite into it.  Not that big of a deal.  I mean, the sandwich fillings were hefty!Anyhow, good food here.  Excellent service.  Try it out if you're in the neighborhood!
4	I have heard a lot about this place being an awesome spot for breakfast. So after church this morning a few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try. We were each well pleased with the service we received and the quality of the food. I had the BLD Eggs Benedict and they both enjoyed vegetarian omelettes with avocado and a side of toast. We will definitely return. My only complaint is that my cranberry juice was served warm. I requested a glass of ice and to my surprise received another glass of juice with ice and an apology. I ended up with two glasses of juice which was not bad considering they are small. Overall, enjoyed the atmosphere, food and service.
1	Great service. The food was very heavy. We felt like we just gained 20pounds. Not fantastic. We r full in a bad way. Unsatisfied. The food looked appetizing. Menu looked appealing but food did not taste good.
3	I've been here on quite a few occasions for either lunch or breakfast. I don't have anything bad to say, but I've never really had my socks knocked off either. I definitely think it's the best place for breakfast in the Chandler area though. The Pork Tosdada is good, and their breakfast potatoes are good too. Cute, modern decor and a dog-friendly covered patio. I will say I've never really had a good group dining experience here though.Overall, it's a pretty solid place. I have no reason to stop coming!
3	Good.  That's what I think of this place.  The patio is good.  The location is good.  The food is good too.  Overall, I enjoy it.  The prices are a little high but the quality is good.  Good.  It's all good.  Nothing was great, nothing was bad.
2	We went for breakfast and had been wanting to try it out. We ordered mimosas and breakfast the food was ok the eggs were over done the chicken fried steak was a little soggy. The best part was the waitress who was a little "off" after she spilled half the champagne and water she informed us she was drunk. We talked to the manager who informed us she was "hungover" he removed the alcohol and the eggs Benedict from our bill. We are planning on trying it again with the hopes that we get "sober" service next time!
4	I really like BLD. The service may be spotty at times, but I really enjoy the wide variety of breakfast and lunch options, and the servings are always really big. They get four stars because I like the interior, the patio, the food, and the bar. They do need to improve on the service though. My husband and I both ordered beers with our lunch but they didn't arrive until after the food. Bottom line, I'll continue to come and eat here  even if they are kinda slow.
2	Well we returned again today only to experience the exact same thing. We sat outside at the bar during breakfast as the wait was 20 mins, the hostesses suggested the outside bar area. It took approx 20 mins to get iced coffee. The people across from us sat down after us and was enjoying their blood marys long before our coffee arrived. My husbands order was incorrect. The girl next to us also received the incorrect order. My scrambles eggs were not very good. My breakfast potatoes were undercooked. Also, i asked for strawberry jam and didnt realize until i put it on my biscuit that they have me raspberry. $30 later, I'm still hungry and headed home. I really wanted to like this place bc it's within walking distance and has a nice atmosphere but I have to keep it at 2 stars.
5	Come see Chris at BLD's...He was an awesome waiter!  Service and atmosphere here were great!  Not about the food...I had the chicken and waffles...AWESOME!!!!  I usually have leftovers...not today!  I will definitely be back.  Oh, and for the breakfast lovers out there they serve breakfast every day till 2pm
4	Well I've been craving breakfast for the last few days and decided on my way from school I'd have a cheat day. Found BLD on Yelp and thought I'd give it a try. I had the tostada and I got the breakfast burrito for my bf to go. Both were very very filling and delicious. I probably are too much to be honest, but I couldn't stop haha. The girl who took my order at the window was very friendly and for getting it to go it wasn't a long wait at all. I also got the BLD iced coffee which was yummie and refreshing. I definitely want to go back and try other things on their menu. Maybe my next cheat day I'll head out there haha.
1	Service is once again slow ... My server never checked on me after she dropped off my food except to take my empty dishes. Then it took her about 10 minutes to bring me my check, another 5 minutes to pick up my check and finally another 5+ minutes to bring me my change. Food here is good but the service doesn't make it worthwhile to come back. Which is too bad, the restaurant is a good concept in a great neighborhood. But with shoddy service, I don't see them surviving.
3	Gotta say, I was a bit disappointed.  All my friends seem to rave about this place but I wasn't a huge fan. The food was a bit pricey but  you do get a lot of it.  I shouldn't sacrifice taste because I'm getting a large portion.   I had the fried chicken which came with mashed potatoes and it was around $15.  I think the real clincher was the service.  I realize this can be hit or miss but our service was not good at all.  The gal seemed like she really didn't want to be there and you felt bad asking for the basics such as a glass of water.  We did order drinks with our dinner as well.  Maybe we will try it out for breakfast sometime or lunch, I hear the mac and cheese is delicious.  I really doubt I will go back for dinner though.
4	Don't miss this great spot!  My friend lives nearby so we've visited for breakfast several times.  The coffee is pretty great.  The vanilla latte is a favorite - rich and smooth without a hint of bitterness.  Menu item are unique and varied but I find that I keep going back to the short rib burrito - delish!  Portion sizes are waaaay too big.  I'm usually full after half my meal so I request a to-go box when I place my order and my friends do the same.  The wait can be long but the fast and friendly service makes up for that once you get inside.  Cons for me include uncomfortable table seating (though the booths are comfortable) plus the fact that you have to look pretty hard to find healthy menu selections. They're pleasant as can be about subbing out ingredients, though, so that's a plus.
3	They have one of my all time favorite "cheat" meals, chicken and waffles. But today the food was cold so I sent it back and the replacement plate was cold too. Made me wonder if they are keeping a bunch of plates lines up waiting for orders. I do like the menu variety and beer choices.
3	Three and a half stars: not bad, not great, and overpriced.  Disclaimer: I've only been here for dinner, and I eat fish but no other meat.  My husband and I started with the roasted beet salad, which had generous quantities of beets, yummy fresh goat cheese, arugula and candied pecans.  It was simple and the olive and oil and sea salt dressing was perfect.  The portion was also quite nice for $7.There were only two fish dishes and one vegetarian dish on the long menu.  Frankly, I don't think it's worth coming here for dinner at all if you don't eat meat.  Breakfast and lunch might be better, but I haven't checked.I ordered the Salmon, server over a parmesean risotto.  The fish was juicy and the risotto was flavorful, but the quality of the ingredients of both items was maybe a step above Chilli's - nice, but not my idea of an $18 meal.  My husband ordered the Tilapia, which surprised us by arriving on top of a large salad (we expected vegetables on the side from the menu description).  The fish was just ok - not bad but far from fancy, and definitely not a $16 item by my estimation.Overall, the place is nice-looking but not quite as fancy as it seems to want to be, which seems to describe the food as well as the decor.  The service was really friendly.I'll be honest: we were given a gift certificate for this place, and we enjoyed our meal, but we definitely wouldn't come back here on our own dime, even if it was really close to home and convenient.  PS I didn't care for the Malbec and I'm pretty easy to please, so see if you can taste it before you order.
1	What you should know BEFORE you go to BLD: Our worst offender for the week ending March 16, 2014 had several violations relating to handwashing deficiencies on the part of both the Chef and the Sous Chef. For example, "Sous Chef dropped station knife on the ground and then proceeded to go to the dish pit, spray the knife with a bottle labeled "all purpose cleaner", rinse the knife with the spray hose, and bring it back to the station for use." That's not the required procedure for cleaning a knife.The following list represents those restaurants (not schools, caterers, corporate cafeterias, bakeries or other food processing businesses) that had five or more Risk Factor violations -- those that are considered a risk for foodborne illness -- during their last inspection. The worst are at the top of the list. A restaurant that had that many Risk Factors noted would be one that I'd avoid, at least until they had subsequent inspections showing more understanding of safe food preparation standards and concern for their patrons.Restaurants With the Worst Health Department Inspection ResultsFor Week Ending March 16, 2014Business Name  Address  City  Zip Code  Risk Factor ViolationsBld  1920 W Germann Rd  Chandler  85286  8Full article: http://phoenix.about.com/od/healthinspectionsbad/fl/restinspectbad031614.htm
4	This place is awesome.  Food was amazing and on Sundays they have a smokin mimosa deal for $15 for a pretty quality bottle.  The ambiance is nice and has a cool modern feel.  Took a little bit to get our server but they were a bit busy.  Highly highly recommend.
4	Nice.  Sister restaurant to the Cork in Chandler, and it shows.  Great menu, great service, and good vibe.
3	We frequent BLD often and at times we just order to go. The customer service is usually very poor. A couple times when we've wanted to order out the phones are off the hook and it's impossible to reach them. The to go containers are pretty awful and makes the food soggy and is really hard to eat out of. Not always impressed but the food is usually pretty good.
3	This place for me is a love hate relationship. Food is amazing! I've been here several times and I always love my dish. Burger is delicious and huge! Salads are amazing! Even my child's captain crunch nuggets are great!My hate relationship is the service. My waitress is extremely nice but not good at customer service. First time she messed up my order & I had to wait 10 mins to let her know it's not what I order. She apologized then rushed a new order, which later came out burnt! I couldn't eat it. Everyone at my table agreed it was burnt. I would had told her it was burnt but she never came back to check on us. I tried my friends others dishes and they were good! Last weekend I actually went again. Same waitress btw. My salad was wrong which she corrected but never checked on us. We waited 20 mins for our check, that's after we finished eating. I'm sure if I had just walked out no one would have noticed. But I don't dine & dash. I will continue to go there for the great food but I will just stick to sitting at the bar probably. Nice decor as well. Nice atmosphere. Check it out for yourself. Hence my love hate relationship why I have three stars.
5	The food here was awesome!! I just went for the second time and was not disappointed to have gone back. I had the breakfast burrito with the short ribs inside. I swap the regular eggs for egg whites and also add a mimosa :-).
3	I initially knocked BLD for having a $13 lunch, but I was blown away by my meal. A salmon filet cooked to order over a generous serving of hummus beside a salad of quinoa, spinach, feta and tomato.
5	Appetizers before 6 20% offHad fish tacos, short rib polenta, ceprecia cheese sandwich and salad wedge split between 2 people.My mouth is still happy!
4	I really like coming to this place. I remember when they had bacon in there waffles its was so amazing. Out of all the breakfast joints I've been to this one is the one I always never regret coming too. My 2 go to favorites are the chicken and waffles and the green chili pork dishes. My only problem with this place is it's inconsistent. Me and my wife and sister and really my entire family really, will come here and it'll be awesome, other times...it's average. I don't know maybe they chef changes or what but its meh. My wife orders the eggs Benedict and sometimes the egg is runny, other times its cooked. She just quit ordering it all together. Lobe hate relationship with this place I swear.
4	Yum! Checked this place out after reading the reviews. Had hummus and chz balls for apps, both were great. Enjoy the hummus with pita bread and not chips like in most other places. They have lots of side choices, including several different types of fries. We all had burgers, I love goat chz so really likes the burger. Cooked to perfection at med rare. Took the daily special dessert, rocky road bread pudding to-go and can't wait to try it out. The service was great, always refilling drinks and making great suggestions foods. She had good knowledge of the menu and items served.
5	I'm not sure why this place is not rated much higher because the food is top notch. You will not be disappointed with any of the burgers.  They are generous with the toppings on the burgers and fries (ask for ranch dressing for dipping- so good!) and everything was fresh and colorful.Also they have a dog friendly patio!
4	Solid 4/5 stars, I've had some great meals here with my family, we enjoy the atmosphere and breakfast is always great.
5	We've been here for all meals.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. We definitely have our favorites, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Pick what calls you.  It's fresh, it's yummy, it's great.    Happy hour is your best deal, if you can make it in before 6.  Some of my favorites: Bloody Mary, Veggie omelet (add a meat), mac & cheese with bacon, an iced latte, anything with the pork, meatloaf, waffles with bacon, anything on the small bites/happy hour menu.  The patio is dog friendly and will bring your pup water.  Some of the bartenders give out doggie treats.  They'll also make your pup a meal if you order one!
2	I wanted to like this place, but I think for me it fell short. The interior is great, very clean, and I love what they've done with the space. I ordered the seared tuna and a beet salad, and the tuna was just.. eek. I understand "pepper crusted" is right there on the menu, but it felt like eating a tablespoon of black pepper! The salad was okay, but the beets were undercooked, and the dressing was kinda bland. The service was good, and my partner enjoyed his meal, but for me I'm not sure I'd come back again.
2	To start I've only had breakfast, but our friends that love BLD say breakfast is the best.  We've tried it 3 times, both getting something different and didn't like any of the meals.  I do like that we can bring our dog here.  Somebody once told us it depends on the day and who's cooking if the food is any good.  From the reviews it sounds like it.  The service is really good, beer options are good, happy is good.
4	My mom loves this place. It seems very hipster-y inside. The food was wonderful [individual omelets for all of us and shared breakfast potatoes], but our waitress would not let my brother order lunch 15-20min before lunch service started. With her spacy-ness [barely paying our table attention, let alone getting us water refills] you'd think she was going to let him order since it took forever to order, but nope! What really bites the bullet is my aunt called us to order her a salad, 10 minutes before lunch service, AND THE WAITRESS TOOK THE ORDER. Really, girl?!It was like a 1-2 punch to my brother's gut.
2	We have been looking forward to trying BLD - finally had our chance this past weekend.  It was very busy and the staff seemed to be struggling with that. Our waitress started off a bit snappy/cocky and came across rude.  I wanted to substitute roasted red peppers on a salad for avocado and she lectured me that it wasn't a fair trade. I should have asked to substitute the chicken on the salad instead - it was overcooked, dry and tasted terrible. My daughter wanted an egg burrito with cheese and ham - that seemed to be an issue - our waitress painted the chef on duty into a real jerk (not sure if he was, but that was the impression she gave).... her burrito was a "special order" and she would have to see if he would make it... really?  Our waitress "frienlied" up after a while and the food ended up being decent (minus my chicken)... I may give it another try, but am really not in any big rush!
5	You, yes you.  You want a burger and a beer. Come to bld, get the goat burger (it's a beef patty), pick something on draft (they have a beer for all tastes).  This is my go to for a burger and beer.
3	Average food. Trendy and clean interior but the food was like your average American breakfast and brunch spot. Nothing that wow'd me. I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was expecting a nice hearty sized fried piece of chicken or two, but got one sub par sized piece, if that. I wasn't the only one, as I heard another gentleman grumble about the chicken portion/size. Pretty disappointed by the size of serving. The fried chicken itself seemed dull and boring in flavor. No batter if any, almost as if they used a skinless breast meat with no batter. The waffle was good. A little above average. I tasted my other patrons food, the country fried chicken and pancakes. Again, no wow factor, average. I kind of expected more from the restaurant considering the nice interior and lay out. Maybe it was a hit or miss kind of thing. Service was great though. But all in all in terms of food, average.
4	Great food and very attentive service.  The mushroom ravioli was to die for and the Talapia was very tasty.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
3	This place is definitely deserving of its 3 stars. It's a boring place that does nothing exceptional other than be average. Hence the reviews.The food is decent and the happy hour is pretty fairly priced.We had the Tacos, Short Ribs and Polenta and the Ahi tuna.The short ribs had to be sent back they were so bad. The server said "ok let me see if he will take them off, I'm not sure that he will". Who says that??? Of course he will take them off, it's a $7 item and it's called customer service!The racks were excellent.The Ahi was overseasones and fairly decent. What try served it with made no sense from a culinary standpoint.All in all, the chef at this place is confused but he's trying.3 solid stars. Would we try it again? Probably not.
5	This was our first visit and we really enjoyed it. The restaurant was busy, but not over-crowded. The portions were HUGE; food fantastic and service was great. We'll be returning to try other dishes on the menu.
2	We just tried this place again this weekend, because I really want to like it. The menu is so enticing. However, this was our 3rd time there, and it's been a huge disappointment every time. The inside of the place looks very modern, and the food sounds amazing from the description. However, once you actually taste it, it's hard to believe how disappointing it tastes and how much you just paid. I have been there with my family every time, so I have sampled quite a few dishes. Every single one was a big let down. It's not inedible, but not very good, especially for the price.The service has been poor each time, and we had a different server each time, all bad. Each time they have forgotten requests, 2/3 times had to come back to ask what someone ordered, and they are generally inattentive.With regard to kids, their kids meals are ridiculous. My daughter got a plate with 3 pancakes nothing else, no meat, fruit or veg. for $6; they weren't even good pancakes. The last time we were there we asked for some fruit for my youngest. We wanted a side order of mixed fruit, and we were asked which fruits we would like. We gave a few that he might like and expected one small bowl of fruit. My 9 month old received each fruit individually in an adult size bowl nearly full, and we were charged individually. An adult couldn't have eaten all the fruit he was given, and the bananas were beyond the point I would have served them.
1	This is my second visit and it pretty much put a nail in the coffin. The first time we came in for a late breakfast and the food was mediocre but we chalked it up to being on the tail end of breakfast service. However, the second chance did not prove redeeming. I ordered the Cali benedict and the poached eggs were beyond runny and the dish was bland. The potatoes are greasy and hard. Hubby's omelet was greasy and runny, as well. Have not had lunch or dinner but would be reluctant to come back based on both poor breakfasts. There's other amazing places for breakfast in the area.
2	Great food but the service is horrible. First time- we had brunch and service was great. But the second and third (both dinner) horrible service. Had to ask multiple times for items. Husband refuses to go again.
5	Great place for brunch and a Bloody Mary with bacon.  Yep bacon.  Kickback place and you can bring your pet on the patio.Had the breakfast burrito with my road dog today and it was yummy.  It gets very busy around lunch time so be prepared to wait.  My next endeavor is the chocolate chip pancakes.  I have a feeling that they will be very good.
1	We heard good things about this place and decided to try it for Sunday breakfast.  I had a simple bacon, eggs, and potato plate and an extra pancake.  The potatoes were obviously cook hours prior and dumped in the fryer.  Just potatoes, no onion or other stuff.  One slice of bread, not two.  The pancake was $4.50 for one 12" pancake.  The syrup had some type of film on it that kept it from pouring from the container.  She had country fried steak.  Awful.  Overcooked and the gravy was greasy.  Oh, I wanted a simple iced tea...nope...had to be green tea or mango.You will get a better breakfast at a Waffle House.  We may try again for dinner, but I was very disappointed.What was good?  Very short wait and the wait staff were friendly and efficient.  Oh, and they can scramble eggs.  About the only positives.
2	Nice clean place.  I have eaten their twice both times food was served at best just warm not HOT.  Will not return anytime soon.
4	I came here for dinner one evening and found their burger to be one of tastiest I've tried in greater Phoenix. It was a Friday night and I started out with their Blue Cheese Iceberg Wedge (photo).  As you can see it was smothered in bacon, blue cheese and dressing. I wouldn't even guess at the caloric intake for this cardiac arrest special, but it was well worth it. As for my equal delicious pre-ER meal, I ordered their Blue Burger for $14.00. My burger was cooked properly, to medium/medium rare with a warm pink inside (see photo), then let to cool to keep all the juices inside. You just don't expect such care at your local family burger place. Dinner ran me $25, but it was worth every penny.  Enjoy!
3	Only a three star because of service . Came in waited not as long as they said , but sat at the table for a while  before a unhappy waitress came to us , I only say unhappy because she acted like she didn't want to be here . No smile no personality .Order our food , we do love the food that's what keeps us coming back not the servers so after ordering meal came asked for mustard and ketchup , waited about 5 mins for them to come to our table .. A server brought it to us with again no smile drop and left as fast as she could We really do love the Huge portion of foods so if you like good food big meals come here but don't look for friendly conversation , hasn't always been this way have been coming here for two years . I should say The only bad part of the food is potatoes they sever with breakfast , they come on every breakfast , but don't eat them , hard , and dry , think they make them early in the morning before open . But we aren't coming for the potatoes They do greet you when you come in and leave
4	Solid place to eat. We always get good service and their food is unique. They have their own spin on everything which is pretty cool. It's definitely not a cookie cutter spot. Priced appropriately with a good vibe. You can come for drinks, to watch the game or for BLD. Would recommend.
3	Went here for breakfast, and I'm indifferent. Started with the iced coffee which was amazing... Then ordered the biscuits and gravy which came with bacon eggs and potatoes.I thought it sounded like a lot of food, but since the biscuits and gravy weren't edible, I was glad I had backup :). The waitress described the biscuits as fluffy and flakey and made from scratch, but they came out cold and burnt on the bottom and there was nothing fluffy or flakey about them. The gravy might have been good, it was so cold I couldn't stomach more than 2 or 3 bites. Kinda disappointing for a $12 breakfast meal.  However, the eggs bacon and potatoes were delish... And Chris loved his chili/egg something or other and bacon Bloody Mary. I wouldn't be opposed to trying other menu items, so maybe I'll be back.
5	We have been here many times, I just haven't checked in. Every time I try something new. Always live their lunch specials. When it's busy it takes a while to get a table but the food came out fast and delicious. The wait staff is very attentive.
2	Food was good but cold when it came out, was here Sunday for brunch.  Took almost 10 minutes to get a hello at the bar,  first 5 minutes no one was there, then the bartender said literally "hey I'm Sarah"and left.  I live close and really want to like BLD but the service is constantly terrible!
1	If I could give no stars I would. We hadn't been to BLD in about a year because the food was so awful but we came back to give it a second try. Huge mistake. Food was cold. Tasted like it came out of plastic wrapper in the freezer. Disgusting. And none of us feel well after our meal. Friends side of potatoes took FOREVER like 25 minutes forever. Then they wouldn't take it off of the bill. Service was extremely slow. We will not be returning. Ever.
5	We ate here for the first time the other day and thought it was incredible. Had seared tuna salad. Wow! We had bloody Mary's. Wow! The spicy burger and macaroni and cheese. Every single thing we had was excellent and we will be coming back here for sure. We recommend this place to everybody!!They pretty much have anything and everything a person would want.and take their food service and drinks very seriously. Incredibly great price to.
5	Went there for the first time this morning. Loved it!!! My new favorite brunch spot. Will definitely be going back soon!
5	Breakfast was excellent. Had the carne asada, tortillas, with eggs, potatoes and roasted salsa. Also recommend the sour dough toast as a side pared with the fresh raspberry jam. Portions were generous, and it was obvious only fresh ingredients were used. It's clear the chef here knows what he's doing.
4	Thought the fish tacos were pretty good, wifey got the chicken wrap and that was darn tasty! Definitely a fan of bld!
3	Pretty good food but the service was slow. It was easy  to make meals gluten free. I would go back again and cross my fingers the service is faster.
3	So sad. Went back for lunch and ordered the chicken and waffles and it was so mediocre...and sin of sins...the waffle is no longer bacon studded.I've had other items on the menu and they were good but that dish was a star for me. I'm sadly disillusioned
4	We've been back several times for weekend breakfast and always happy with the interesting menu choices. FAVORITE is the green chili pork tostado!!!  Great portion size so you can share. Usually the hawaiin bread style French toast with bananas is another favorite, but this time it wasn't as moist and tender. Was dry as though bread didn't soak up enough of egg batter. BUT customer service was excellent and they switched it out for fluffiest cake like pancakes ever :)  Also, cappuccino and mocha lattes are coffee shop quality!
4	Came here today with the dogs on the patio.  Servers were very friendly and accommodating with 2 big dogs.  Food was very good and overall a positive experience. Will come here again
4	Date Attended: 11/13/14 Item Ordered: Goat Burger (white cheddar substituted for goat cheese) and Rocky Road Bread PuddingPrice : $20Service: I have to confess this is my fourth time at BLD and I have always remembered to write a review after eating the entire meal. The staff is excellent, knowledgeable, and honest about the menu. Even had a chance to meet Brent, the restaurant manager, on one visit and he was a pretty cool guy. He even shared how many green concepts have been used to design the restaurant. Finally, it has always been spotless on every visit.Atmosphere: It immediately reminded me of restaurants on the East Coast. The booth seating is plush, the patio is a nice getaway, and there is a real cool concrete sink outside both bathrooms. Even when it's busy, it doesn't seem loud.Food Quality: The burger is PHENOMENAL! Definitely order it medium well. The tomatoes were roasted with garlic and it's like a gift falling on your plate when one falls out of the burger. An can you say "Bacon Jam?" Bacon on a burger is always good, but when it's spread on the bottom bun...you just might drift off into another world. The chocolate in the bread pudding was a bit overpowering, but the texture was perfect. Overall Experience: Definitely going back again and again and again. Kind of ashamed that I didn't post a review for the breakfast items I had over the past month.  So here's my apology. The chorizo is smoking hot and the steak/eggs is simply amazing. I've never ever been a fan of toast, but the sourdough toast is ridiculous.. Yeah I just gave kudos for toast, but you'll understand after the first bite. The pancakes were kind of spongy and haven't ordered them again. Enjoy!
2	Most of the time I really like this place but had a really bad experience today with their "rules" which has never been an issue before. We brought our coffee rush coffee with us and sat down like many other times just to be told we had to either leave or take our coffee and put it in the car. Mind you I still ordered an OJ with breakfast but they didn't care! Gonna have to say probably not coming back, I'll take my business downtown chandler.
4	Love the daily specials, morning happy hour and staff.  I eat breakfast here pretty regularly and have yet to have a bad experience.  Breakfast has always been consistent and delicious.  Lots of options including healthy ones and a dog friendly patio too!
1	Came for dinner. Waited 45 mins for the waitress (Tessa) to take our order while she was chatting with 2 bar customers.  Bad management decision to have a waitress run between the bar and tables so not totally her fault but bad for a customer experience regardless. We decided to leave instead of ordering.  Place was mostly empty on a Saturday night so that should have been a clue.
4	New bartender, been serving in food area for a bit, she is awesome, sweet and hot!  Great addition to the bar staff. Ask for Sarah
1	I had a friend in town and wanted to take him to a restaurant I know is unique, has a decent atmosphere and has great food. Well, I found out on Friday night that BLD is not one of these places! We had possibly the worst service I have ever had at a restaurant...our waitress (Anna) was absolutely horrible!Because there were 10 of us for dinner, we called ahead and the hostess had a table ready and waiting for us by the time we got there. It was busy...so without a reservation, it was great to have her set aside a large table for us. However, our positive experience went south very quickly. Our waitress came up and asked if we wanted something to drink. My friend asked if they had any Makers Mark. The waitress did not know and said she would check, but I was reading the cocktail menu and noticed a mixed drink that had Makers Mark. So he went ahead and ordered a Makers Mark and the rest of the table ordered their drinks. Guess what showed up along with the rest of our drinks, the cocktail that has Makers Mark in it...this was just the start.After returning the drink we did not order, we started making decisions on dinner. I knew I shouldn't ask her any questions about the menu, but I couldn't help myself. The first question I asked was, "How is the special tonight?". Her response, "I am not sure about tonight, but our specials are usually a mess!". So my friend asks, "How is the meatloaf?". She said, "I am not sure, but is it usually REALLY salty!". I would think the management of this restaurant would highly discourage any of their employees to respond about their menu items in this manner!So we all order our food and it comes out in a reasonable amount of time. One of the dishes came out and it was just not good. Because our waitress was nowhere to be found, I grabbed the hostess and she got the manager for us. He was nice and said, "What would you like instead of your current meal?". Our friend chose the fried chicken and it came back to the table fairly quickly. I also asked for some crushed red pepper for my pasta. The waitress said they did not have any crushed red pepper, but the other server that was bringing us our food went into the kitchen and grabbed some for our table. I showed the waitress what the crushed red pepper looked like and her response was, "Oh...I thought you were talking about..." and she then jestured with her index finger and pointed to her head. That stopped everyone at our table...it just got quiet. What does that mean??? We were all speechless!Then when it came time for our bill, remember how the manager asked my friend what he wanted in place of the first dish he ordered? Well, it just so happened the replacement dish was $2.00 more on the menu. So she removed the original and put the new item on the bill...for an extra $2.00!!! In my experience from working at restaurants and by dining in several, you remove the meal completely from the bill. Instead she charged us for the more expensive item and her response when I questioned her was, "I didn't know what you wanted to do..."The manager never came back over to check on us after the issue with the first dish and when I asked for the meal to be removed, they just removed the extra $2.00 it cost for the different meal. I looked out for the manager and he was laughing it up at the bar with what looked like some regular customers. There was no follow up or attention paid to the table that got stuck with the waitress that was clearly not qualified to work at any restaurant!It will be very difficult for us to go back to this restaurant. We go here frequently for breakfast and have always enjoyed the food. There are a few good folks that work there, but service is spotty at best.This was a very disappointing visit and I was embarassed to take a friend from out of town to what we thought was a good restaurant!
4	This is my go-to place on Sunday morning after service. I enjoy the food, the friendly service and the atmosphere. There is a wait time on the weekends but that's the norm everywhere on Saturday and Sunday. I also like the fact that they are pet friendly.  I have met a friend here with her dog for breakfast and we had a great time on their patio.  I normally order one of their benedict's but on my recent visit I tried the "hash the dog" minus the PBR tall boy (they took a couple of dollars off for me declining the beer). It was meaty and delicious. I will definitely order this again. What more can I say? I am a fan of BLD.
3	night manager needs some work on how to interface with her employees and customers, somewhat unprofessional in her approach.
5	LOVE BLD's!! My family and I come here every Sunday and have yet to have a bad experience. Service is great, food is amazing & the atmosphere is perfect. Only wish they would open more around the valley :) Highly recommend.
5	Great food, good happy hour 3-6pm every day.
4	2 words....Be patient.  The food is worth it.  We have been there several times.  We really enjoy the food and friendly service.  However, every time we've been there the food can be a little slow in making it to the table.  But when it does make it, its always fresh and good.
4	I love the breakfast here. I recommend their egg Benedict, their hollandaise sauce is very flavorful and creamy. Also, their sweet potatoe fries and cappuccinos are very good.
4	My boyfriend & I  came here for brunch. French toast was yummy..a little dry though. Overall it was a good experience. Service was prompt, very nice decor & ambiance. Portions were sizable. Hands down the BEST dirty chai latte ANYWHERE! and I travel all over the for work. TOTALLY worth the trip if only for the Dirty Chai!
5	The breakfast is the best ive ever had. The chicken fried steak is the most wonderful thing ive ever eaten in the history of breakfasts.  I do not know what kind of magic breakfast voodoo they conjur up in their kitchen, but every time we sit down for a meal their we leave with very very happy bellies!
