4	Have you wanted to get out of the City but you don't have a car and can't be bothered with buses?           Head towards the famous "hill" of Edinburgh, Arthurs Seat. You can climb it if you want- it does have spectacular views from the top and provides the feeling of self accomplishment. However you can also walk around it and head towards the village of Duddingston. There are a variety of routes to reach the village, either following the road , from which you will get to see Duddingston Loch, or under via the Innocent Cycle Path or even over Arthur's Seat.Once you arrive at the village head towards the famous Sheep's Heid Inn- the "oldest public House of Scotland" (from 1360!). It was thought to be the stopping place for travellers and royalty going between Holyrood and Craigmillar Castle. Here you will find a good selection of beers and ales and other drinks (much needed after the walk) as well as food. The pub is like a treasure trove, with various memorabilia left from previous visitors-so take your time to have a look around(I surely did), as well as board games you are welcome to use.  There is also a cute beer garden in the back if you are lucky with the weather, and do not miss out on taking a look at the old skittle alley- ask a member of staff to let you in if you can't find it. Skittles is like an early form of bowling and the Inn is quite popular for it, so it is usually hard to book a slot. There is a large variety of food to choose from, from tourist favourites of haggis and other Scottish delicacies to lighter options. On Sunday's there is also a roast which tends to get quite popular (call to book in advance!) and around spring and the summer there are various barbeques and beer festivals (check their website for more details: http://www.sheepheid.co.uk/history.html). Prices are on the verge of affordable, but one is really visiting this place for its ambience. I always take visiting friends here as a sort of "outing". Although the food can be quite stodgy and heavy I would highly recommend this place to any visitor or resident of Edinburgh who wants to let go of the city and get a feel of an "authentic" pub-a cosy place whatever the weather may be!
5	This. Place. Is. Amazing. It claims to be Scotland's oldest pub, and it's easy to see why it's still in business since 1360.This place is just far enough out of the city centre that you can justify spending a whole afternoon or evening there, but close enough that almost everyone you ask will know about it or have been at least once.From the outside, it looks just like any given old man's pub, serving real ales and home-cooked food. Nothing surprising so far. But when you get inside the place has a surprisingly young and laid back crowd, with an atmosphere to match.The food is way better than you'd expect in most pubs, although it is slightly pricer. For your money though, you get decent-sized portions and according to the menu certain ingredients like the sausages are sourced locally, so you can feel proud of yourself for helping out local farmers/butchers in the process of stuffing your face with bangers and mash.I'm not a real ale drinker, in fact I'm about as far in the opposite direction as you can go, and there's definitely a good range of spirits and wines to cater for the likes of me. They stock ginger beer to go with my gin for a start, instead of watery ginger ale that a lot of places have. But saving the best 'til last... they still have the original Victorian skittles alley out the back which you can hire out. Most pubs are doing well with a pool table or an it-box, but this definitely trumps a dartboard and I'd highly recommend it.
5	This is quintessential Scottish pub at it's best. It's amazing, there's no other way of putting it.Edinburgh is a funny place, because although it is a huge city, you never actually feel like you're in a city. Probably because there's a great big bloody hill in the middle of it, but still. But if the city ever gets too much, I always go to the Sheep's Heid. It is about 25minutes from the city centre but you could be on a remote island in the middle of the North Sea.It has such a great atmosphere, and has brilliant live music every week.
5	Not meaning to be a party pooper, I must say I'm slightly sceptical that this boozer has been going 650 years. I suppose though that since many of the Scotch seem to still live in the 14th century and spend much of their drunken lives harping on about the terrorist William Wallace that supposedly "wun us wur freedom ken", it's not entirely outwith the realms of possibility. Pinch of salt or not, it's still incredibly old, incredibly traditional, and does provide an atmosphere that you would never, ever expect to find just a few miles away from the centre of a capital city. It's constant popularity suggests to me that even if it's not quite the age it claims to be, it will quite likely last to the big six five-o anyway. Don't expect a bog standard old-man boozer either, serving up just sweetheart stout and the odd bag of nuts. There's a well stocked bar that coves pretty much every base, and a fairly extensive looking pub grub menu that I'm sure I'll get round to trying eventually.
4	After debating whether this pub was called the sheeps head OR the sheeps heed, a friend and I trekked past Arthur's seat to go find out! It's a beautiful walk up there in good weather, but definitely out of the way if one's situated in Edinburgh city centre.It has the cosy feeling that many Edinburgh pubs have, but seemed much lighter, probably due to the sunny day and after ordering our drinks, we made our way to the back where there's a really pleasant outdoor seating area. There was a little drama over our orders, as not that many  bartenders are accustomed to mixing Guinness with coke! The most surprising aspect of the trip was how large and modern the bathrooms our; they would do any hotel proud! If the Sheepsheid was a little bit closer, I'd probably visit more often!
5	It claims to be the oldest pub in Scotland. It has a wooden skittle alley. These are the two reasons I went searching for this pub. And as I walked past Arthur's Seat, admiring the view I was quite sceptical about this place, I heard it was great, I heard it had one of the best selections of ales in the city and even offered brilliant tasting food! Imagine a pub offering great food! And did these expectations all live up to the hype? Well, yes they did. The bar is quite traditional inside, with a warm, cosy atmosphere. The ales on offer were all very tempting, and were very reasonably priced. The food as well was not expensive, and the Sheep's Heid menu had an extensive menu for a traditional bar. The beer garden outside looked very nice, slightly too cold for me to use that day, but during the summer it must be great! It also has pub quizzes and live music most weeks! The aura of being in Scotland's oldest pub adds to your own experience of visiting this place. Go on, step back in time and visit Scotland's oldest pub!
4	I've always really enjoyed a trip to the Sheep Heid, especially after a walk up Arthur's Seat.  What is it about walking that makes you really want a beer? Is it a UK thing, or a Scottish thing?  Is it because you've just done something healthy, you must counteract it?   And man does that beer taste good after a long walk.  It makes me want to go walking this weekend so I can tuck into a few well deserved pints.  Anyway .... I have always really enjoyed coming here for pints.  The best bit, in my opinion, is in the summer when they have the BBQ on.  They even have amazing beer festivals here and when you combine beer festival with BBQ and sun, you have my perfect weekend.  My guy and I are house hunting at the moment and last weekend I looked at a house about 8 minutes walk from here.  My guy wasn't too keen on the house itself and I was like "but then we would live withing really really close walking distance to the Sheep Heid and the beer and the barbeque and the beer and the beer!!!"  He was not convinced that my argument was strong enough to buy a house there.  Pff.  The only downside is the tourist trade.  Dastardly tourists take up lots of space in this place, but at least they have good taste.
4	I had a cracking dinner here with work friends on a Thursday night, it oozes character with the flattering dark lighting, fireplaces, selection of board games and interesting multitude of 'dust gatherers' (my Mums phrase for general decorative faff) covering the walls. There are alot of animal heads hanging around to watch you enjoying your grub but I did feel sorry for whatever animal was killed and seem to have had only its butt and tail mounted for people to laugh at forever more.I had Fidget Pie because I was reading Harry Potter at the time and the name appealed to me. It had delicious chunks of smoked gammon and apricots in it - delicious. My colleagues had warm salads which also looked scrumptious and really filling.I managed to squeeze in a slice of banoffe pie which was good but not great hence the 4 star rating.
3	Ohhh contentious. I'm going against the grain here, as this place has a solid standard of 4 and 5 stars. And I did enjoy my time here. I just wasn't overwhelmed, and perhaps that could be because I'd heard *so* much hype.The Sheep's Heid Inn is a little out of the way, on the other side of Arthur's Seat in Dudingston. So it was a pleasant 5 minute drive on a gorgeous sunny Sunday afternoon. The boy and I were both pretty pecking (read: starving) and a pub lunch was just what we needed.The restaurant is upstairs, but as I had suspected it was busy and there was a waiting list. We added our names to the list and thus waited.So it was a little cold in the pub downstairs. Being the oldest pub in Scotland means it is very traditional, and whilst this is charming in a crooked way, it also means there's hardly any windows to let that gorgeous sunshine come streaming in. It was actually warmer outside than in. We also had to wait over an hour. Yes, I knew we were on a waiting list but I did ask at first 'how long is the expected wait?' and couldn't get a straight answer. If we'd been told over an hour we may have reconsidered. But instead we got a cryptic 'there are two tables of two ahead of you'. A hungry Jenny does not a happy Jenny make.But some nuts, olives and guiness later and we were seated. The menu is quite varied for a traditional Scottish pub, and they have some lovely 'smallish' options, mains, and Scottish options. I changed my mind several times finally going for the sausage and mash (lamb and mint with mustard mash). The boy had the bean stew with chorizo after I suggested it. And damn, I wish I had ordered it. It was absolutely delicious, hearty, spicy, full of veg, and the chorizo wasn't too fatty. My mash was a little dry and the sausages weren't *very* lamby, with no taste of mint. Also there was no veg served with them, just gravy. And I like veg. So I was quite underwhelmed by my main, but loved the other one.Our starter also never arrived, it was just suddenly our mains. It wasn't listed on the bill either. So whilst I'd like to comment on the antipasto starter, it's a bit of a mystery.The chocolate fudge cake was....well, anyone else who was born and bred in Scotland and has had at least one Sunday lunch in a traditional pub and ordered the 'chocolate fudge cake' or 'death by chocolate' as my family called it will know what to expect. Three layers of chocolate sponge, chocolate fudge sauce, heated up. Gooey, chocolately mess. It's not really my thing. I prefer the dainty french patiserries and a combination of flavours, so chocolate on top of chocolate is a bit meh. I have to say, as a cake connosieur, the sponge tasted very floury. But for those who like chocoaltechocolatechocolate I don't think you'll be disappointed. (I wanted the apple flan but was out-voted by my cake-sharing companion.)So, overall, it does what it says on the tin. Oldest pub in Scotland, traditional pub grub, and it is *good* pub grub. The fish and chips and steak pie at the table beside us looked amazing. But I suppose as someone who loves a variety of differnet flavours, pub grub shouldn't be top of my list. If you go and want to stay healthy, order the bean and chorizo stew. Avoid the chocolate cake. For an all out comfort food overload, the fish and chips and chocolate fudge cake will sort you out. Just take a sweater for downstairs and don't come when starving - or book ahead!
4	Let me go on the record. I love pubs and I love history. Put the two together and we have a winner. This for me is the case with the Sheep Heid Inn. I first came here back in 2004 and I'm pleased to say very little has changed...as you'd insist with the oldest pub in Edinburgh. As far as the visit on Sunday just past...I'm  happy to say that my order of a pint of Guinness and a white wine at 12.29pm was not effected by the barkeep until 12.30pm (take note Licensing, Customs & Excise inspectors!) and my wanting a table for three upstairs for lunch was warmly received even though I had not booked prior. The staff were more than accommodating of us and of our young son and the meals, huge! I partook of the bean casserole with chorizo and crusty bread (totally yum-ola!) and my wife's steak & guest ale pie looked and wafted a treat...and according to the report back from the other side of the table, very tasty (& yes I did manage a cheeky taste of it and in my limited capacity, all ok from me too).I'd love to bore you with the fantastic history of the pub (wars, deception, deal making, intrigue...and sheep husbandry) and of the village of Duddingston (all of the above) but I'll not put you through it. Suffice to say this pub is a hidden gem within Edinburgh located amongst beautiful surrounds and vista at the base of a (pretty magnificent) rock...superb!
4	As good of a pub as I've ever been in.  They cut food of a bit early and the staff could have been a bit nicer.  But I loved this place, we hiked all the way over after climbing arthurs seat.  It was the first time my wife understood WHY I love pub food, got to love that!
5	neat old pub! great place to bring a visitor to scotland, full of history and authenticity. Also fun to take a bike there (on a nice day) or a bus, which gives you a little tour of the south part of the city. It's a pub that gets you out of the hustle bustle for you to enjoy your pint.
4	How have I not reviewed this yet?!?!This is a strong contender for our favorite fish & chips in Edinburgh.  We park on the east side of Holyrood Park, follow Queen's Drive to the south, then walk down the hill path to Duddingston and you're right there at Sheep's Heid.  If you make that stroll, then you feel you've earned at least part of your supper.("Heed, pants, now!"  Does anyone else like "So I Married an Axe Murderer?  That's how you pronounce "heid.")  The haggis stack of mash, neeps and haggis was just perfect -- great seasonings & textures.  Fish & chips were crisp, hot and tasty.   Great atmosphere as well:  perfect place to bring those picky out of town guests looking for authentic.  Don't forget to bowl.
4	This is a well known and visited little pub.  The decor is kitschy, yet adds to the flavour.  The food is truly worth the price, and one can visit after hiking Arthur's Seat.  It is hard to get to for people who don't know the area via public transport, without a car, or the invalid.  That is a drawback.  But, recommended.  They have a great selection of whiskies.
4	I don't think that there is a more pleasant way to spend a (rare) sunny afternoon than hiking up Arthur's Seat and rewarding yourself with a proper pint and meal at the Sheep Heid Inn.Is it dusty? Oh yes, yes it is. Is it musty? Absolutely.But it's also the best pub to just sit, read, immerse yourself in your book and *feel* as if you've gone back a couple of centuries in time. Don't like that feel? Prefer noisy colours and loud techno music? Don't come here.But if you like an old man's pub, the kind that you can imagine a crusty old sailor peg-legging into, well then, this is your spot.I've gone there three times and each and every time the meals have been of a standard that I don't usually associate with pub-food. The burger was amazing (food coma), the fish and chips to die for, and the salmon scone is just lovely.It's very difficult to describe the ambiance in this place, but let me put it this way: on a snowy night, when it's cold and I'm feeling a wee bit homesick, you'll know where to find me.P.s. Why only 4 and not 5 stars? It's the dust, I know it comes with the ambiance, but I do get a bit sneezy!
5	*Squee!*They redecorated! I was here on Sunday last and it was so absolutely gorgeous that I damned near tripped over the fireplace (yeah, fair warning). The entire downstairs has been redone and now looks more like a fancy gastro-pub. No, no, don't cry! I promise there is still enough of ye olde Shepe Heid Inn in there. The carpet downstairs has a lovely little tartan in beige and white (it looked soft enough to pet) and the dust has been cleared and the air has been cleaned (thank you, on behalf of my asthma, thank you). Bathrooms repainted, walls have been redone, the wood's been cleaned and polished and there are candles on the tables. It looks so absolutely beautiful and slightly romantic that I'd be happy spend the majority of my evenings in there. You know what, ... it kind of has that Christmassy atmosphere. You know the one? Where everything inside looks cosy and warm and inviting without Elfs having vomited Christmas cheer all over the damned place? (Sorry, sorry, couldn't control myself there).I've not tried any of the drinks or food yet, but I'd be surprised if the standard's gone down. It just looks a lot fancier, and a lot ... more inviting now. Strangely enough.Even though my supreme large reading chair (of Doom, yes) is gone, I can forgive them for the fact that they vacuumed. All-in-all, I shall be back!
3	This review is for the pub only. I haven't eaten at the restaurant.I'd like to give 3.5 but if forced to round up or down, 3 stars it is. I went here with high expectations after having it built up for me by guidebooks and reviews, but it was just a pub to me. Lovely decor, and we managed to snag a couple of comfy chairs (although it was tight on a Sunday afternoon!), but the ale selection was not out of the ordinary, and the whole experience wasn't anything special. They do make lovely chips though.I would like to go back to eat, and I'll probably stop in again the next time I'm walking to or from Craigmillar Castle. This is a perfectly nice pub -- just not amazing.
2	knowing this lace before it was bought over, I felt it lacked the ambiance of an old country pub it once had. Staff not so friendly and food came out of the kitchen 50 minutes after ordering though there were only 4 tables. Very disappointed...
4	It's not easy to get to the Sheep's Heid Inn, which is hidden away on a side street in Duddingston Village just below Arthur's Seat.  It is, however, well worth the trip.  A lovely, quaint old pub (purportedly the oldest in Edinburgh), the Sheep's Heid still has the feel of an old village tavern.  There are a good number of ales on tap and a lovely outdoor patio in which to sit (when it is not raining).  Although highly recommended in guidebooks, it's off the beaten path enough to not be crowded by tourists.  And they have a barbecue on Sundays, which (at least the last time I was there) offered such things as ostrich!  Exciting!  This is a great place to spend a sunny afternoon after wandering around Holyrood Park.
3	I'd heard quite a bit about the Sheeps Heid Inn, mostly very positive, so it seemed like the natural place to stop after a day wandering the Lothian countryside. The pub has a decent bar, but we were in to eat so grabbed a table in one if the dining areas.  We were served with a smile and chose the fish and chips and a goats cheese salad which arrived about 10 minutes later.I have to say I thought the food was fairly average.  The fish seemed heavy with fat, and the goats cheese salad lacked imagination - a handful of green leaves with a lump of goat's cheese dumped on top.  Just a small improvement wih the food would see this place elevated to 'real gem' status and make it worth the trek out of town to visit.  On this evidence they've got a bit to go though so I'd pop in for a passing pint but there are better eateries closer to home.
4	A local pub and had food several times. It's a real favourite and was interested to see what an update to the decor was like. Glad to say its not lost any of its great original character. Food from lunch menu was top notch - simple stuff but really well done. Chips were as good as they can be. Will be going back soon.
5	This place is the perfect country pub - but you don't have to drive out to the country. Very cosy with great staff (though maybe a bit mental). Always got a couple great Real Ales. Good bar menu, we had the steak frites and the burger, both were great value for money. freshly ground coffees also, and we shared a chocolate brownie, BOOM! This is what pub lunches are all about, don't look anywhere else.Also, don't forget, beer garden, beer festival, separate restaurant, child and dog friendly, skittle alley.... I HEART The Sheep Heid!!
4	I have come here several times now, and must say I really like it.Having lived most of my life in the countryside, going to a cosy pub or cafe was the reward at the end of a long walk. Edinburgh is great at providing instant satisfaction, but sometimes it's nice to go through the ordeal of facing the elements, in exchange for a nice reward. Most times I have been to the Sheep Heid Inn, I have really come face to face with the Scottish weather. To get to Duddington, one must walk around the foot of arthur's seat, a passage, a path that is often blasted with gail force winds which feel like continuous slaps across the face, made even more severe by the hail, drizzle, or whatever else Scotland feels like throwing at you. Aside from this, it's a pleasant walk. Arthur's seat is beautiful, and you will see the loch at Duddingston before actually reaching the village.I advise you to walk a little around the cobblestone streets before entering the pub. There's a cute little church overlooking the loch, which is itself quite a stage to the spectacle of elegant swans. You may think you just stepped into Hogsmeade? Not so far off. Apparently this little village influenced even J.K.Rowling.The pub prides itself in being the oldest in Scotland. Inside, it does feel a little more modern than one might expect, but it still retains a certain charm. Arriving after a wee walk in the cold is a massive relief. Though the quality of the drinks is great, they are a bit pricier here than elsewhere. I have had some good cider and gin and tonics here over the years, and came here for New Years eve for two years running. There's a skittles alley, a VERY difficult pub quiz, and a area reserved to dining upstairs.I am yet to try the food, but it looks very good went put out on the plate!
5	This is such a cool place! Not only is it Edinburgh's oldest pub which makes it great in itself, but it is set in a lovely location, being in Duddingston Village and close to Arthurs Seat. It's good to go to on sunny or rainy days. I love the atmosphere in this pub. When I went I was able to grab a seat in the beer garden, before it became really busy, and was able enjoy the sun (yes sun in Edinburgh). Then myself and a friend went inside to have some good food. I don't think you're allowed to have food out in the beer garden, though there is a small balcony area upstairs where it looked like you can have food. There's a good mix of clientele from families to groups of friends out for a few drinks. They had a guy singing in the beer garden yesterday which was a nice touch. He did covers of what I consider to be chilled out songs which suited the atmosphere of the place. There is also the skittles alley which I've yet to try, but I've heard great things about it so it's definitely on my list of things to do. Great pub!
4	It's good. Not world-beating but reliably good. It's a bit pricey and it can get very busy. It amounts to glitzed up gastro pub but the atmosphere is rather homey and lovely and its location makes it almost the only game in town. I really love the fish and chips and they do cater for vegetarians with more than just the usual suspects. My husband had the veg haggis with neeps and tatties and loved it. The draught beer is always excellent and the beer garden is nice in warmer weather. I love the skittles hall and generally the walk there after a trot around Dr Neill's Gardens or Holyrood Park is the perfect Sunday but you should book. It's super busy on a Sunday because everyone had the same idea.
4	Cruised Edinburgh last weekend and (thanks to yelp!) discovered the Sheep's Heid. Between us, we had:Scallops The goat cheese saladVeggie potato/squash cakeRoast chickenEverything was wonderful- the service was lovely, the food was delicious - we left stuffed and with big ole smiles on our faces!Oh - but one note- don't even think about trying to walk there from the middle of town at night. Just take a cab....
5	Without question the best place in all of Scotland to get Haggis.  Period.  I liked to take a long walk over Arthur's Seat and then stroll in and have a nice filling lunch before making my way back home.  Being Edinburgh's oldest pub, this place is a must visit.
3	Sheep Heid has location, location, location. Duddingston is a lovely wee part of Edinburgh, and for those on the tourist trail (and locals, who are not), The Sheep Heid Inn offers more than most. However, Sundays are mental crazy busy - too much for me. We took the parents here, and were crammed into a corner for Sunday lunch. The various meals we had... none of us really got that excited about them - lacking in flavour and generally just... meh. I wouldn't rush back to be honest, it's definitely for me, style over substance but perhaps on a quieter night I would have a different impression.
4	It's the oldest pub in Edinburgh! Definitely worth checking out!It's kind of out of the way but it's definitely a nice way to treat oneself after a few hours on Arthur's Seat.Honestly, we just went because we heard it was the oldest pub in Edinburgh/Scotland (?). We didn't try any food so I can't comment on that. The bartenders were friendly though!
5	Freshest fish and chips I've ever had! And the scallops with pea sauce were perfectly prepared.  Great place to stop after a climb to Arthur's Seat
5	This place is wonderful. My husband and I walked to Duddingston Village from Arthur's Seat. The Sheep Heid Inn was a welcoming sight as we'd worked up an appetite after a long walk. Firstly, they were playing Johnny Cash's Unearthed album, which was so nice to hear from us as we are from the American South and we were in Scotland on vacation. Secondly, the staff was just so friendly. We chatted with the bartender about music and beer. The decor was really cozy. I hear the place had recently been remodeled, but it seemed quite homey looking in there to us. The food was really amazing! We were there during lunch, and I had the marinated sticky chicken in lemon, honey & chilli sauce. It really was extremely good. My husband had slow-cooked British beef & Black Sheep Ale pie with thyme carrots & British summer cabbage mash. We enjoyed their beer selection. Scottish beer is my favorite and we can't find it in the U.S. Many people were sitting outside and enjoying the lovely sunny day. As Florida natives, we were happy to skip the sunshine and enjoy the ambiance and the friendly staff inside. I really enjoyed our meal and our experience there. The next time I am in Edinburgh, I will definitely be back! Duddingston is a quaint and lovely little village.
5	So good here! The onion and mushroom tart are so good or the fried brieThis is by far the best pub we went to on our trip. Amazing food and away from the tourist area. I really wish I could go back here. I am recommending it to everyone who visits Edinburgh.
3	We had gone to the Sheep Heid Inn for my birthday and work leaving do on a Tuesday night. We made reservations for dinner and skittles and had a big table in the corner. Waitress came, took our order...we got a free bottle of champagne (sign up to their newsletter for the birthday coupon). But an hour later, we call our waitress, who in that time had not come to check on us or offer more drinks even though people seated long after us had been served their meals and we had a visibly pregnant woman with us! Turns out that our order never went through!!! Needless to say, we were very disappointed in the waitress and the quality of service (she seriously didn't even seem to care). Can't believe that no one noticed esp as it was a quiet Tuesday! We ended up getting the food 1.5 hrs after ordering drinks! However, management comped us use of the skittles alley, the ambiance of the inn and alley were nice, and my food (got the steak) was pretty good and reasonably priced. Skittles was a wonderful time...definitely recommend it!! It's a bit out of the way from Edinburgh central (Nicolson St) in terms of buses, but a lovely 0.5 hr walk around the park. Good if you like historic pubs and want to experience skittles!
5	Set in the very historial location of Duddingston Village, The Sheep Heid's Inn  has had a revamp of late and looks like it has a boost of much needed TLC.  We were only stopping by for a wee tipple for Mr C's birthday but the menu looked nice and i would like to give it a try soon.  I love the cosiness of the place and could quite happily curl in a corner for hours here.
4	The gammon steak and chips is my all time favourite from the heid sheep in, it is a nuce and cosy pub with lovely and welcoming staff and reasonable prices.
