4	We love this place! We eat at Famous Uncle Al's about once a week, especially during Volley Ball & Basketball season. It is a great friendly place to be. You really feel at home here, not to mention the good looking gray haired owner! Tell Ernie we said hello!
5	On a recent trip to Phoenix, Arizona I was debating with my cousin about the best 'dog we've ever had.  Being a die-hard fan of the "Costco 'Po Dog" I was sure I was correct in stating that the 'Po Dog is the best 'Dog around.His words:"If you want the best Hot Dog in town, it's Uncle Al's"I won't waste any more time and just get to the point: Uncle Al's Hot Dogs (Chicago Style specifically) are the best Hot Dogs in not only Phoenix... but the WHOLE WORLD.  I can't exaggerate enough... The combination of the great service (the owners seemed like lovely people) and the QUALITY food (waffle fries + perfect hot dog) make me wish that there were an Uncle Al's in California.  Scratch that, specifically in San Francisco.  Scratch that, I wish there were an Uncle Al's in my mouth.  A small one that would make chicago style hot dogs all day and chuck them down my throat into my stomach... but not before rubbing the tiny hot dogs on my taste buds in a wax-on/wax-off motion......Sorry for that.  The fact I got so carried away is testament to how excited I'm getting just THINKING about eating a hot dog from Uncle Al's.Go there now.  I'll wait.Come back when you've gotten  your fill, write a review saying "mmm that was good"I'll be here.  Take your time.
4	"Natural cut" french fries are worth the visit - there's a heap of potatoes under the cutter and after you order then put one through the cutter and into the frier, and they come out piping hot and full of actual potato flavor.  So simple, I know, but so much better than just about any other place that serves french fries.Sonoran root beer is available here, and you have to love a place that has a separate dedicated tap for root beer on draft.Service was incredibly warm and friendly, and the atmosphere was upbeat and very, very clean.  Grilled cheese was fairly good, and the onion rings and fried 'shrooms are next on my "to try" list for this place.  Only minor complaint is that you're ordering a la carte and the portions could be bigger in this case.  Right now, order your dog or grilled cheese and it's pretty much "add a fries and drink for $4" which you rarely see for just a small side of fries and drink that are paired with a main course lunch entree.  A combo would be nice, or if you're going to pay a la carte prices then I think it ought to be a larger portion.
4	M & I tried this place while we were  out looking at houses this past weekend. At the minimum, we assumed that we'd get something to fill us up. Little did we know that we were in for a treat.The Dogs are very good, with a natural casing that gets good & crispy when cooked. I went with the Boston - A regular dog on a soft, warm bun with SauerKraut & Spicy Mustard. Excellent portions & good flavors all around. M had an Original w/o onion. She was pleasantly surprised as well.The staff were greta, and promptly took our order tableside and brought us our drinks. I assume that when that are busiest that you need to order at the counter and find a seat, but they appear to offer tabel service at the slower times.If you're in the area, it's worth a stop in.
5	This is one of last "true family integrated" businesses! You need to find a way to get here. The multiple varieties of "dogs" and sausages are wonderful. My kids love the attention they get from the staff, makes them feel great! Try and go next Friday or Saturday to try their authentic South Carolina Barbeque! Fantastic food, fantastic fun, fantastic family business.....
5	NOTE-- 5 stars for a hot dog joint, not for "The Four Seasons"If you are jonesing for a good hot dog, this is your place.The food is excellent, carefully prepared, quality ingredients.  Between me and my family, we've tried a whole lotta different menu items, everything is great.  Expect friendly service.  Extra clean and cheery environment adds to the experience.  Sports usually playing on the TVs.Prices are a little stiff, but I guess costs are high for premium strip mall space, quality ingredients, and good staff. I've been here three times, and I'll be back.  You will not be disappointed.
3	I'll start with what I love about Uncle Al's. The fries. They are pretty damn good, some of the best I've had in town. Fresh cut, hot, ample. Also great is the service and the fact that they have ice cold root beer on tap. You walk into the place and are instantly greeted. If someone isn't up front, someone from the grill will yell, "hello." And root beer on tap...I can never bring myself to pass that up.So we get to the dogs. I am a TOTAL hot dog snob and junkie. I love tubed meat, in most forms. I even own a hot dog griller. I seek out dog places everywhere I travel. Anyway, I was thrilled to find that a hot dog place resided in my neighborhood. Then I got there. The hot dogs themselves are good. However they are not very authentic in their presentation. If you've read my reviews, you know authenticity is a big plus for me. My boyfriend opted for a Chicago dog, which came out on a plain bun and was dressed with regular relish. Tisk, tisk. I ordered a slaw dog, which was OK. I know a true purist would order a dog "naked," but I was hungry and wanted a little something extra. I digress...
4	I had the beginning stages of my bi-annual physical this morning...after the good doctor (and he is a good doctor...some of the best doctor jokes I've ever heard:) was finished prodding, poking and invasively examining me, I set my Yelp for 'droid on "healthy eating"...the app thought I said "hot doggies" and took me to Famous Uncle Al's (hey, when a computer (no matter how small that computer is) tells you do something, you had better do it:)I am trying now to figure how to rate it...3 Stars?...4 Stars?...Pi Stars? (with apologies to Brian S for the blatant theft of "Pi Stars":-)I don't know...this is a hot dog joint and there are rules...and Famous Uncle Al (not his real name, BTW) breaks nearly all of the rules!Lets take a look at the Rules of Hot Dog Joints, shall we:) - Crappy linoleum floors and counters, accompanied by a "kitchen" in severe need of a degreasing - Not available at FUA:)I swear, I have never seen a cleaner, brighter hot dog joint in my life...you could eat off the floor (or really, pretty much any horizontal surface) in here...the place is just kept in pristine condition:) - A cook who's seen better days and a little bit of attitude from the "help" - Also, sadly, unavailable at FUA:)The little family that owns and operates this franchise greeted me at the door, asked me to sit at one of their lovely clean tables, anywhere I wanted to sit and then waited on me at that table...what a novel concept...service with a smile:) - Crappy, wobbly little tables and a dingy, torn wallpaper motif (with the optional, but ever so popular, "No Pest Strip" dangling from the ceiling)? - Nothing remotely like that going on here:)FUA is open and bright, airy and nicely decorated...they have a nice big LCD TV set on ESPN, or the news or something like that...so I don't have to watch "Lost" reruns on my phone while lunching solo:) - Hot Dogs and buns from the "what we didn't sell last week" bin, served for your pleasure from a grease and water bath - Again, just not how they do things at FUA:)These dogs are alright...certainly on a par with any other decent hot dog joint and better than most:)They serve their variety of dogs in a variety of ways...if you don't see it on the menu as one of their standards, just ask:)...want a brat with mustard, celery salt, relish, red onion sauce and shredded (not melted) cheese?...they are only too happy to accommodate (and for not a lot of cash, either:) - The last rule they break is a doozy, though...hot dog joints are always little and underfunded...a hand to mouth existence for all but a fortunate few - not FUA...a public company traded under the symbol "FDOG.OB"...fdog?...really?...OK:)2 dogs, w/shredded cheese, and a large beverage set me back a cool $9.10 today...for a couple of very good dogs...hey, my physical was arduous...I needed the boost at lunch:)I didn't even have to stand in line for it:)
4	I was so surprised that Famous Uncle Al's was a franchise! I thought it was just a local mom and pop shop.. Anyway, I recently visited with my uncle and my little sister. I ordered the italian beef, my uncle got the patty melt and fries, lil sis ordered chili fries and a corn dog. My italian beef was delicious! I really loved the bread, the sauce, the sweet peppers. I paired my meal with the delicious french fries and a cherry pepsi. It was an awesome combo! Very affordable and friendly service.
5	By far the best dog in Phoenix. Hot dogs have to be my favorite food and this place does it all. Friendly people and great food.  Do yourself a favor...get the natural cut fries...best fries I have ever had. Didn't use ketchup cause I didn't want to ruin the flavor.
3	A really nice couple runs Uncle Al's.  For those Chicagoland folks, please know they grill their Vienna Beef hot dogs which we thought were very good!  I would rate Uncle Al's four stars alone for the friendliness and conversation with the owners.  Yes, they are that nice and the food is good!Enjoy!
3	People are very nice.  Prices are good and portions are generous (for the fry's at least).  (note that the place is on the south side of bell, not the north as indicated on Google maps)My friend and I tried both the natural cut fries and the crinkle fries.  I prefer the crinkle as did my friend.  The natural cut fries don't seem to be par cooked before the fry.  They were soft, a little oily and and salty and not crispy at all.  I thought they would go great with some malt vinegar, but the flavors seemed to clash a little.  I had the regular burger, it is served with no sauces.  The patty was a little on the small side, next time I will try the Angus burger or maybe a double patty.The fried mushrooms were good.  A little flavor from the oil, but not bad and well cooked.  I preferred the ranch to the red sauce. My friend had a loaded hot dog and was happy with it.  He didn't report a snap to it. I would put the place on part with Windy City Sliders and maybe a not below Ted's.It is a long drive for me.  But I have a friend I do lunch with on Saturdays and taking a drive is usually part of that.    But next time we can share an order of fries between us easily.
5	I'm not a big fan of hot dogs but I could eat Famous Uncle Al's any day of the week.  I happened upon it when driving through the shopping center one day with my mom and we gave it a try.  I've been back numerous times since.So far I've had the chilli, philly, chicago and corn dogs, fries and onion rings.  All equally delicious.It's a mom & pop place, attentive service and decent pricing for what you get.  If you're looking for a good dog at a local place (with a local atmosphere - they have plenty of regulars), check this one out.
4	When you hail from the hot-dog capital of the world "CHICAGO" - we can be the toughest critics. A friendly come as you are joint, makes you feel right at home. We loved this  local place so much we visited it twice the week we were in town!  We have nothing but great things to stay about Uncle Al's. By far the BEST hot-dog in the Phoenix area.   The corn-dog is made with old fashion thick cornmeal, with a hint of sweet! You can get skin on or a real Vienna beef skinless hot-dog. The chili cheese dog was one of our favorites.  Not to mention they have great Onion rings and unbelievable coleslaw made fresh daily. I begged for the recipe..thank you Pat!  My sister saw this place on "Check Please Arizona" and said  'we'  had to try it.. You won't be disappointed.  And remember no ketchup on a hot-dog!!
2	I'm guessing this place isn't that old and could get better with time. The equipment, furniture and menus all looked pretty new; and the staff, while very friendly, seemed a little slow in their processes. It seemed they just didn't have enough experience yet to handle the rush (and after rush) that they said they had just gone through prior to my arrival. When I realized how slow the kitchen was running I changed my order to "to go" and got ready to leave. I'm not sure what my experience would have been had I stayed, but what I took with me was very disappointing (and I only traveled about two blocks by car before I opened the bag). I had ordered the combo of a Chicago dog, soda and natural fries. I noticed as my dog was being assembled that they sprayed the top of the bun with a little water mist to allow the poppy seeds to stick and I had a sinking feeling right there. The baskets of crinkle-cut fries that were coming out of the kitchen looked good, so I thought at least I had that to look forward to.However, as I suspected, a bun that is sprayed with water and then immediately wrapped in foil is not a happy camper and neither was I. In their menu they mention how the "natural casing" (otherwise known as intestine) will snap when bitten into (implying quality, I guess), but mine was chewy. And my natural-cut fries were less than half the portion I saw everyone else getting, undercooked and soggy (from what I could see, they didn't use the classic technique to make fresh-cut fries crispy). Unfortunately, the best part of my meal was the Dr. Pepper.And to top it off, my meal cost $9, including a small tip. WAY too much for what I got.So, friendly (and apologetic) people, not-so-good food. I might try it again, but I would give them six months or more to get their act together.
5	The hot dogs here are amazing! I always go for the Chicago dog with extra celery salt. FYI - they use natural casing so the dogs snap when you bite them, some people swear by them but I'm not some people. The answer to my dilemma? Go skinless, all the flavor none of the snap! P.S. They close at 8 so get here early and are closed Sunday. P.P.S. They will close the place down if you have a big enough group so grab your friends and give 'em a call!!
4	Perfect hotdog, fries and a drink. I got the Chicago Dog (Standard issue) and the crinkle cut fries. Both were perfectly crafted and were exactly what I was wanting. I will try the fresh cut fries next time.The server was attentive and friendly. The prices seem a bit high but really were right on par for a strip mall hotdog place.
5	Loved this place!  The food was really good and the owners were genuine.  The cheese fries were delish!!!
4	On vacation and my youngest says, Dad I'm in the mood for a hot dog.  So in this age of apps and Siri, we found Uncle Al's within 2 miles of the hotel.  We love Pat, so friendly, if you have a cute magnet to share, bring it and she will proudly display it on the grill hood.While not a fan of the Vienna beef hot dog, the rest of the family gave this place rave reviews.  I got the Boston, sour-kraut and spicy mustard, loved that they grilled the kraut before adding it to the dog, brilliant, no soggy bun.
5	Famous Uncle Al's hot dogs and Grill is one great hot dog place!  We made sure we had one more hot dog before going home.  I highly recommend them if you are looking for a great hot dog.
4	I ordered a Chicago dog and chili cheese fries. No complaints!!! The dog was delicious and the chili on the fries were great! I will definitely be back whenever I am in the area.The staff was super nice too! Nice atmosphere!
