5	Anasazi Foundation is one of the greatest companies I've ever had the opportunity to work for. I did a short stint as a Trail Walker and it changed my life. Anyone who has the means to contribute to this charity, wouldn't make a better investment in our youth. I have seen many lives changed as a result of this program.Considering the type of program it is, I was also very impressed with the way it was run. Ezekiel, one of the founders of the program, takes an active part in the programs and works directly with the family members of youth who attend.Definitely a worthy youth rehabilitation program.
5	I can honestly say that Anasazi saved my life. When i was sent to Anasazi i was living in a downward spiral and needed a major change quickly. Anasazi and the people there, especially Zeke, Larry, Mike and Sterling were loving and supportive of my situation, and I never felt like they judged me or the decisions I had made in life. They only wanted to provide me with the tools and support I needed to make major changes in life.If I ever get to the point that I have the money, I would send all three of my kids, just so that they can experience the incredible growth that I did, even if they don't "need" it in their lives.It has been nearly 20 years now and I still draw on the lessons learned and the confidence I gained from my trip to the wilderness.Thank you  Anasazi! I love you all!
5	Our son needed treatment for severe depression and we did not know where to turn.  The recommendation was to find placement in a residential treatment center for 3 to 9 months.  We were overwhelmed by the immediacy and urgency of the situation, trying to research programs in and out of state, and battling with the insurance company.  If you need to send your teen into a therapeutic recovery program, it can be heartwrenching.  I cannot emphasize how lucky we were to have found Anasazi.  This is not the kind of program where you drop your child off and say, "Here - fix my kid."  This is the kind of program that asks you to work on yourself and your family whild your child works extremely hard both physically and emotionally.  It's been 6 months since we went to family camp with our son, and he still talks about how great Anasazi was.  The biggest change I see in him is his self confidence.  He still has his struggles, but he really talks to me now, and he no longer turns to self harm.  I feel that he got more out of 6 weeks at Anasazi than he could have at any 6 month residential program. Anasazi truly helps heal individuals and families.
5	I can't say enough about the Anasazi Foundation. It was one year ago this month that our son spent 49 days with them on the trail learning about himself and how to walk forward. The trail walkers are amazing people who walk the walk. Everyone who works with Anasazi is amazing and I'm so glad our family found them. It saved our sons life and we are grateful everyday. Right now we are preparing to send gifts to the young walkers who are on the trail during this holiday season. Our son was there on Christmas and was important for him to know he was loved and missed. Thank you Anasazi!
