5	Clean rooms, comfy beds, free wifi, breakfast included, free parking... and the list goes on! Christopher at the front desk was lovely and made check in a snap!Super convenient to everything, across the street from awesome food, and very quiet.The icing on the cake? A buy 2 nights get the 3rd free! Brought the per night rate down to $63! Our friends were 1 mile away paying $389/night plus for parking and wifi and no free breakfast. I don't mind paying for excellence, but this place is awesome so why pay more!?
4	This is my first stay at the Spring Hill brand.  I'm pretty impressed by their value offering.  The staff was always very attentive and friendly. The room appeared clean and cheery, although the layout is slightly awkward.  And the Continental breakfast is pretty decent too.  My only gripe is their super slow wifi.  That could use some improvement.Also, they provide complimentary passes to Lifetime Fitness and Gold's Gym. Huge pass.Overall, great bang for your buck.
3	I enjoy the value of SpringHill Suites and this one was not bad.  It is an older version of the hotel chain, but still clean and well kept.The breakfast area was well stocked and good.  The hot tub was hot and clean.  Everything seemed well maintained and the staff was friendly.Again a good value, but nothing fancy.
4	We stayed here during Spring Training 2011 when we came to see our beloved San Francisco Giants play!! It was a great place and about 15-20 minutes via street to Scottsdale Stadium. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. The rooms were clean and a good size, with a kitchenette and sofabed. The TV in the "living room" area was in an awkward place though. A big plus was the free breakfast but they ran out of everything really quick and lots of people were left waffle-less! We had a hard time finding this place at night when we arrived. Its located behind a bunch of buildings. The location is convenient, with tons of restaurants, bars, shopping malls, and supermarkets close by. Theres an amazing Whole Foods just down the street too!!
3	A good hotel choice and good nights sleep. This is another one of the hotels we've stayed at while looking for our house in north Scottsdale. The service was friendly at the front desk and by all employees. The room was nice and comfortable and the continental breakfast good. Oh, yeah the price was very competitive.
5	Can never go with a Marriott property. The staff here was amazing, the rooms were very clean and upgraded. It is very close to the promenade and a couple other nice shopping/restaurant places right down the road. I had to check out late due to an emergency on Sunday and the girl never even questioned me. Overall, we had a very good stay, and free wifi is always awesome!
3	I stayed here one night with friends as we were getting ready to leave Phoenix on a long road trip.  The room was clean and comfortable.  There were two beds in the back/ main sleeping area, and a couch and a desk in the front, as well as a microwave and a refrigerator.  What I really liked about the room was that the desk area was around a small corner from the sleeping area and the couch was tucked back behind a partial wall, too.  You could see from one room into the other, but it was still insulated enough to provide some privacy.The beds were comfortably and the air conditioning easily kept the room cool (it was 114 outside when we checked in).  The air conditioning was a little noisy but we were exhausted and aiming to be on the road at 5:00 am so we didn't much care.  The lobby area is decorated nicely with lots of curvy edges in the decor.  It looked like a pleasant area in which to sit and chat with friends, and there were several gentlemen using them to so so when I came in from dinner.A limited breakfast is included in the price of the room, but at the hour we left there was only coffee available.  This isn't a fancy hotel by any means, but it is certainly very comfortable and pleasant.The gentleman running the front desk was very friendly!
5	Stayed with you for the weekend a couple weeks ago.  Deserrie was so nice and very helpful.  She went out of her way to meet a personal need of mine.  She always had a smile on her face.  I feel that she is an asset to your company.  Thanx for having us
3	Stayed for only one night but this place is nice and clean. The room had a fridge and a micro which is a plus. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. They have to work on their breakfast though a lot of their items has no taste. Would stay here again because of cleanliness!
4	Great hotel with great location. Stayed here for a long weekend get away and to take in some spring training. Great options for dinning nearby, nice clean neighborhood. A few blocks to the 101 so the entire metro area is accessible in minutes. Staff was helpful and polite. Only downsides were breakfast could use a few more options and walls were a bit thin, could hear all around us. All in all though this was a great hotel, would definitely stay on our next trip to the Phoenix area.
