5	I love the Cugino's on Maryland parkway so when I heard there's one at North Decatur and 215 I was excited. THE NAME IS IN THE TITLE "Pizzeria"  First this is not a deli like the Maryland one, don't come here to buy your sauces, noodles, and fresh meats. No Donnie special here :(We ordered a meat lovers and a meatball parm. Both delicious. This Cugino's only deals with the pizzas, calzones, and a few sandwiches. No appetizers, pasta dishes or full dinner /lunch meals (no lasagna, ziti etc).Food= delishService=above and beyondPrices=greatSelection=I wanted the Donnie Special Sandwich but hey what can you do. I will come here again an again.. I think I bleed marinara
2	My family ate here for the first (and last) time about a week ago. We were expecting great pizza based on another review here on Yelp. Instead we discovered that the pizza was very bland and the prices were ridiculous. My wife had the thin crust pizza and I had the thick crust Sicilian pizza. We were charged $4 to add pepperoni and olives to two slices of pizza! Almost as much as the slices themselves cost. My wife asked about the garlic knot bread and was told she could have a sample with our lunch, but the sample was not there when our food arrived. To top it all off, the pizza was mediocre with very bland sauce that tasted like it came out of a can. If you are a fan of terrible pizza, such as Domino's or Little Caesar's, this place might be right up your alley. If you are a fan of good pizza, look elsewhere.
3	It's not bad but not great either.  Basically, if the crust doesn't wooo me I am just gonna call a place "ok."I had the white pizza with clams.  The pizza did have a very generous portion of clams on it and the flavor was good.  The crust is an average crust... it's just okay.This place is worth while for a slice of pie... but not on my top ten list.
4	So i went home to help my folks tile the hallway. My mom knows that i love to try new places and she couldn't keep talking about this place. So on my first night home, we just had to try it.We walked into an empty restaurant, but that didn't stop us form trying it out. The brick oven was blazing and my stomach was needing food. We ordered the everything pizza and a dozen garlic knots.The chef went right away to warming up our knots and then creating out pizza. Nothing like watching them make your pizza on the spot. Our garlic knots arrived at our table soon after we finished filling our drinks. I have had better garlic knots, but these were not drenched in butter or oil like most places so i was happy with that. The sauce was cold, sorry but I'm a warm marinara guy.Our pizza came straight out of the oven, Thank goodness we still had knots to nibble on or else i would of burnt my mouth, it looked that fantastic! The dough reminded me of a boston style, and i love my boston crust. The topping were fresh and delicious, not to much cheese and the proper amount of everything. Just all around a perfect pizza.On our way out we did see a sign about $5 specials for a coke and 2 slices. I'm sure they get more business during lunch time based on that sign.
5	I eat at Cugino's at least twice a week. I'm from the Bronx and I know good NY pizza when I eat it. This is fantastic pizza, NY or otherwise. If you're from back east and you're know good pizza, too, don't miss Cugino's. You won't be sorry!
5	Awesome Place!  Pizza is GREAT and it's real NY pizza!! If you love NY pizza or if your from NY, then you will love Cuginos. Make sure you try the Garlic Knots, they are to die for!!  YUM-YUM  They also have Stomboli's, Calzone's and Cannoli's for dessert which is all really good.  It's a MUST!
4	Delicious pizza by the slice or whole pie - very good all around place. I usually just get a slice of cheese, but yesterday, we got a whole pizza, and it was even good this morning. If you're there, try the Italian ices that they have. Really decent tiramisu as well. Especially for a fast-food place.
5	Great pizza and have not lost their consistency since there move. Love to go here and eat with the family. Great New York style pizza. Highly recommend.
4	An east-coast pizza joint is finally up here in Utah!  Hooray!While not the best pizza I've ever had, it is certainly a much better option than the chain restaurants that flood this area of town.  It's a thinner crust pizza, slightly greasy (think NY style), and topped with fresh ingredients. My problem is that I had two completely different experiences here ordering the same exact thing.  Both times we ordered the Tomato Basil pizza.  The first time the crust was cooked perfectly- not soggy and not burnt- and they were generous with the toppings.  This included tons of garlic which I was very happy about.  The next week, we ordered the same thing since our previous experience was so good.  But this time they were stingy with ingredients (no garlic boo) and the crust was soggy in the middle.  If this would have been my first go at the place, I wouldn't have been impressed and I probably would have never bothered going back.  Luckily for them I know Cugino's has potential.I've also ordered a slice of Sicilian style (thicker, doughier crust- good) and the garlic knots (fluffy dough with lots of garlic- yum).I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and rate them four stars based off our first experience and hoping that our second time was a fluke.  Oh, and a suggestion: please put the basil on the pizza after it comes out of the oven so that it keeps its flavor.  Thanks!
4	Delicious pizza on North Decatur!We've had both the tomato and basil pizza as well as the red clam. Both are very good with a nice crust. The garlic knots are good and garlicky, and the antipasto salad has cucumbers included.Make sure if you order for delivery that you have enough cash to cover the tip when using a credit or debit card.
1	Cons: as soon as I made my order the guy making the pizza asked why I want certain toppings and then when I picked up the pizza everything I asked for was on the side- not on the pizza. The pizza I took home was not good and it's pricey.Overall- I would not come back.
5	Just got done ordering a large pepperoni and the tomato basil. Absolutely loved them both. This is my new pizza place. Great taste. Fast delivery. Good price. I will keep coming back
5	Great pizza. Just like I would get when I lived back east. I eat here a couple of times per month now. They just added pasta to their menu. I tried it this week and it is just as good as the pizza.
1	Notice everyone talks about there pizza and not the sandwiches that's because they suck. Chicken parm is the precooked chicken breast you buy at Walmart thrown in a crockpot of sauce. Just not good. Will eat the pizza it's ok but nothing to drive out of the way for.
5	Great neighborhood Pizza. They've been in business for over 20 years and we were thrilled they moved into our neighborhood. Simple family dinning atmosphere with several tv's to be entertained while you dine. They recently expanded into pasta dishes to compliment there vast pizza menu. Highly recommend!
5	This is brilliance! Here is how it works... It is a small little shop in a strip mall. The owner is a huge New York fan, but don't hold that against him! You have to order the lunch specials, because it is a great deal. He makes the pizzas plain cheese and you pay for any topping you want added to it. The flavor of the pizza is great and price is just as good. I have to recommend this place to anyone in the area during lunch!
3	In my opinion, it's just pizza. Nothing special to write home about.
5	Sandwiches are the best and huge.  Pizza is comforting!  Would definitely come here again!
2	Love the pizza but I don't know how you expect to survive in this market when your delivery schedule is not reliable.I tried Cuginos Pizza last week and liked it a lot.  I called today at 2:30P and was told that they will not be delivering until 4P. Decided to order Rosatti's 294-1212... The pizza is just as good (if not better) and the delivery is always on time and consistent. Would like to give this place 4/5stars however they need to get their act together and shell out for a daytime delivery driver.  Not a good idea to get between a fat man and his pizza.
5	Only these kinds of shops have the best pizza, by far better then dominos, Pizza Hut and papa johns.. Delivery was fast, only took 25 min, pizza was cooked perfectly and garlic knots were awesome.. A little pricey but very very much worth it, only bad thing is about the tips, they can't put it on credit cards which kinda sucks because I never carry cash on me, but besides that I would definitely recommend this place, plus its very close to us so a bigger plus!
3	I'm rarely on this side of town, but a root canal brought me over. I needed a bite before my appointment and Cugino's came up when I did a search. I ordered the two pepperoni slices + drink lunch special for $5.99. The slices were up in a hurry. They were heated until crisp which I always appreciate. I expect pizza, especially with pepperoni to be greasy, but this was dripping grease. I sopped up as much as good with napkins but it was still really greasy! Good, but GREASY.I found it odd that I was dining at 12:30 and I was the only customer until I was nearly done with my slices. Then, it was only a couple that came in. I expected a strong lunch crowd. It worked out for me, I was in and out in no time.
5	Yey this pizza is quite good! The fact that its premade and is ready to be heated sent me some red flags but they have a recipe for greatness because this pizza gets a total of five stars from me. I love great food that's hot and not overly priced. I also like a kitchen where you can see the food being cooked. Its a nice little cuddle spot to grab hot food and its yummy!  Yes when I wrote cuddle spot I meant its date friendly or family friendly and yes I did provide pictures.
4	So I've ordered from this Cugino's location about 5 times now and here are my thoughts.  In regards to their customer service, they have been great every time.  I call and order, they tell me when the order will be ready, and when I get there it is.  That may sound simplistic, but it's kinda nice that every time I've called, they've kept their time frame honest and accurate.The pizza is great.  It's different than the Maryland location because they use a brick oven as opposed to a traditional pizza oven, but the results are very good. The crust/cheese/sauce is just right and absolutely a true NY style slice.  The garlic knots are the standard boring variety that most places in town sell.  I've yet to order anything else off of the menu, but for the pizza, I would highly recommend this place.
4	So far this is the best New York Style pizza I have had in North Las Vegas. I had a cheese pizza and a meatball sub and both were good. I prefer a crispier crust but I'm sure if I ordered and asked they'd leave it in a little longer. Solid effort for sure.
3	Tried it for lunch.  We both got the special, 2 slices of pepperoni pizza and a drink for $5.99.  The pizza was good but it was literally the greasiest pizza we have ever eaten!  It was just dripping off the pizza.  My hubby used 6 napkins just to try to soak up his grease and it wasn't enough.
4	Pizza is good. I always get the 2 slices w/ a drink. But pass on the garlic knots, they're dry.
4	My husband and I had lunch here yesterday. I ordered the 2 slices of cheese special and he got the pepperoni. While the pizza was extremely greasy like other people mentioned, it was delicious. Big, floppy fold-in-half slices like you would get in NY. We also had a cannoli which was really good as well. I thought it was much better than any chain restaurant around here, and I liked the feel of the restaurant. Customer service was spot-on. We will definitely come back here!
4	Craving a GOOD pizza the other day, and while searching for the original/other store in the middle of town, I saw I had a Cugino's in my neck of the woods this WHOLE time!Whenever I see a WHITE pizza available,it's almost a guarantee I'll order it!  So of course, I ordered the Large White Pizza ($17.99): Ricotta, Romano & Mozzarella Cheese, Pepperoni and Italian Sausage. They have an excellent white pizza here! Although I enjoyed both toppings, the Pepperoni was winner today.  I felt like the portion size, toppings, and taste were all worth the entry price.And there was just the RIGHT amount of cheese, grease and fat on this bad boy.   If your pizza isn't oily, greasy and fatty...I don't wanna eat it!Also ordered the Garlic Knots ($2.99). These were VERY good...a bit more crispy than most, but very tender breading on the inside and LOTS of garlic flavor!  Yum :)If a pizza place can't make a good garlic knot, chances are they can't make a good pie either!  Rest assured, Cugino's can do both well...in my book :)
3	I was kinda disappointed. Was our first time eating here. Although we tried to eat here a week or so ago, but they apparently closed early and weren't taking any more orders at 7:30pm. We ordered a pizza, salad, and a sausage sandwich.  We tried to order their Sicilian pizza but they said they were out. So we had to eat a regular pizza. The pizza and sandwich were ok, the sauce was very lacking, like a plain tomato Sauce. I will admit I am picky with pizza sauce. The sandwich had the same sauce I believe as the pizza, which kinda made it not so enjoyable. But it was pretty good size and filling. The salad was actually pretty decent, we just got the regular house salad and added cheese. The ingredients were all fresh and crisp. I would consider ordering just a salad from here in the future if they were still open at the time we wanted to eat. All in all I wish we had ordered dominoes instead, but they don't have salads.
5	This pizza has a great bite. Crispy out and chewy in. I like how they slice there sausage like pepperoni. Took 37 years on west coast to find a pizza that had a perfect east coast slice. Not only is the pizza great so is the staff,delivery is spot on.
4	Ordered the lunch special which included 2 pieces of pizza and a drink for $7.99. Overall it was good and crispy.  It was just a little too greasy for my liking but I was able to get most of it off with a napkin. Great place for a quick bite to eat
2	For a way off the strip place, the prices do not reflect that, it is way to expensive. The specials are not that special. 2 Cold pizza slices heated up with a topping, if you choose and a drink for 5.99. Yeah, won't make the trip here again.
1	How this place has 4stars is beyond me! Came to visit family and wanted food before the trip home.... something quick. My brother in law was on crutches and went to a place across the lot. We came here. We ordered 2 slices (1 cheese 1 pepperoni) w/a drink combo and garlic knotts. Before we could pay an older couple walks up with their HALF ATE EFFIN PIZZA and complained that it was too spicy and wanted a new 1 made.... The WHOLE staff stopped what they were doing INCLUDING the girl who was helping us to figure out why it was all of a sudden spicy. I actually had to shout over to them "Hey do you mind finishing up helping us so we can get out of here... we're in a hurry to get on the road to drive 17hrs.!" We were then told our total was 16.99.... um no. The girl said "Oops your right". We paid and I kid you not waited 12min for 2 slices of pizza and some garlic knotts to be.... REHEATED!! After 8min I had to walk out while kindly letting them know we have a family member on crutches waiting for us.... remember we were in a hurry? Before I left the couple who ordered after us looked at me and whispered " a little unorganized huh?". When my boyfriend walked out he looked really mad. Got In car and asked " Can you believe that made that couple a BRAND NEW pizza before even HEATING up our slices?" Never again.  Pulled across street to Costco gas to fill up and we each took 1 bite of the greasy,  soggy, mushy NASTY Pizza and spit it out and threw in garbage. The knotts were ok. I don't see how they get business. Never ever again.... should have got robertos or subs. Run run run from this place.
1	The garlic knots were the only good thing there. The pizza was bland, the salads were even  horrible. the staff was rude. And they are way way over prices. It was not a good experience at all. Never again
2	This was our first visit and probably our last. We went in for lunch and there's no one in there. I stood at the counter reading the menu for almost 5 minutes and when I realized they must of not heard the door I called out and nothing. I peaked my head around the corner and the gentleman was sitting on the counter watching a movie or something on his phone. He came out and made our pizza the cheese  pizza sitting on the counter looked like it was sitting for a while. He put some pepperoni on it and reheated it. It was definitely not the greatest pizza I've had. I'm not a grease dabber but it was more grease than pizza!  So I blotted it and ate it anyway. The Caesar salad was also nothing special.
5	The best pizza place in northern Las Vegas. I go here for lunch and it's so good. I get the lunch special for $5. You get two cheese slices and a drink. How great is that?! Also it's a plus they sell Coke!! The setting of the place is clean, roomy, and comfortable. The owner is dope. Come eat here now!
2	Living in Japan, and finally getting a chance to have American pizza, I was anticipating something fierce and wonderful. Alas, no. The pizza was okay. It was certainly your average American pizza that could be described as a small step above Dominoes or Pizza Hut. The pizza was hot, greasy and had some toppings on top. The topping is charged for one dollar per each item, though the amount given (except for the pepperoni) was not quite $1. Not a bad place. It certainly hits all the notes of what a typical pizza has.
5	Went in for lunch today for the first time.  I did the 2 Sicilian slices and a drink.  My fiance did the regular 2 slices and drink.  We both had pepperoni.  The Pizza was good.  We each swapped a slice so we could try both styles.  We both decided we like the Sicilian (deep dish) style better. Overall though it was good and we will be going back.
1	They are stealing money from customers.  I called them many times often weekly, when family and friends would arrive to a visit 2 to 3 pizza's and a couple different salads were ordered.  Many times I couldn't figure out the bill, I tried to figure out how they would come up with the amount I was being charged.  Finally last Friday night I called in an order and we picked it up. Later that evening my husband said isn't $25 a bit hight for a medium pizza and small anipasta salad?  I checked the menu pricing and again it didn't add up.  It was late so the next day I went in and spoke with the owner, he basically called me a liar and said there was nothing he could do about it.  I said you're willing to lose a customer over this and he said yes.  Check your receipts there is a reason he has an old fashioned cash register and refuses to upgrade.  that way he can steal from you and hope you won't notice.  THIEVES, THIEVES, THIEVES!!!!
5	First of all I want to say that I have never really liked pizza but occasionally I agree to order some since my husband likes it.  So I called them for the first time and ordered 2 garden salads and the Cugino special with added basil.  I LOVED this pizza.  It tasted like all fresh ingredients. Like another reviewer, I thought it was a little pricey. Until I tasted it. Then I realized that there was something wrong with all of the other pizzas I have tried. I am guessing inferior ingredients.  SO you get what you pay for. It was also more filling than other pizzas I have tried, so we had some left over and are eating it for breakfast this morning. DELICIOUS! Also, I ordered small garden salads and when I have ordered from other places they WERE small.  One of those little Styrofoam boxes.  But at Cugino's, they put it in the large Styrofoam container and it was filled up.  And they gave me TWO containers of salad dressing. If they keep doing it the way they are doing it, I will never go anywhere else for pizza.And FYI, I am not an employee or an owner, but a real customer. lol
4	Good pizza! Hand-tossed, fire oven baked, fresh ingredients. Tasty.Just need a little better service to earn the 5 stars. The kid up is doing a good job but the others need to smile a little more :)
1	The first clue I should have had was walking in the door and not one customer was in the restaurant.  Second, a pizza lace without beer is pretty bad.  But we were there so ordered pizza and spaghetti.  The spaghetti was not bad, but the pizza was terrible.  For $22 the size was ok, but the toppings were horrible.  The bell peppers were out of a can instead of fresh, the sausage was an odd color.  The dough tasted vaguely of veggies.  I couldn't finish a slice.  My husband stated we would never return, and I agree.
3	I'm not sure how to rate them. As I ordered (8:30pm) he asked if was for here or to go? I said it's for here. "Can you finish in 30 minutes because we close at 9?" At first I thought why would you rush a person 30 minutes before you close, then I filled up my drink and waited................15 minutes later my pizza comes out, looking all yummy and then the comment comes "remember...only 15 minutes until we close.." I acknowledged politely but inside of course I say, "JERK!"Now the pizza was good, hard to mess up a ham and pineapple. I DID IT!!! I finished a medium pizza all by myself in 14 minutes!!! BAM! (I'm a pig, I know) anyway, I throw away my trash and hand him the pizza pan. Say thank you as he escorts me to the door to lock it behind me. I proceed to my car when it dawns on me....I don't remember paying. Usually you pay at the time you order. So I turn around walk to the door, knock....no one, knock again...same guy doesn't come to the door, he just says we're closed. I say "I know, but I forgot to.." WE'RE CLOSED! Perhaps he couldn't really see me through the the glass, perhaps he didn't remember what his last customer in his restaurant looked like. I could "perhaps" all night but the biggest perhaps is this....I just saved $16.00 and got a free meal PERHAPS he should have listened to me at the door.... I felt pretty full and good as I drove home. Thanks pizza man!!
4	Maybe Three and a half, I only got a classic slice so I can't really tell if it's as good as the original Cuginos. But cash only under $5 and the older guy at the register was kind of a d*ck. But food was good, gf got a great calzone, a few visits (a sicilian slice and a sandwhich) will determine if it's as good as the other. But that dude is enough to make me not want to return. Always worth a try if you live in the area though.
4	I really enjoy the Sicilian pizza from the Cugino's across town, so when I noticed this location I wanted to check it out. Before walking in, I noticed a sign at the door promoting their current specials. When I saw they offered a 2 slice Sicilian special with drink I knew that would be what I wanted to get. I have been in more than once and the same sign is out front with several different specials on it, but they don't always have them all available. So far each time I have been in (even at dinner time) they don't have any Sicilian ready unless you order a whole pizza. They only have had some regular slices available. When I asked the guy behind the counter about it, he said that it just depends what time you get there and says they sell out quick. If people like it so much why not have more of it ready? Oh well I do agree it's tasty! I ended up getting the 2 slice special with a drink. For just cheese slices it's only $4.99 and with pepperoni it's $5.99 which isn't bad at all. The slices are decent size and like how the crust is thin yet has just the right crispness to it. I have eaten inside, but I have also taken my lunch back to work with me and I like that the pizza is still nice and warm and the crust isn't soggy by the time I drive back and eat it. This is a plus because let's face it, not all take-out tastes the same once you get it home vs. eating it right when you get it. The inside is clean and the employees are friendly. Definitely better than average pizza, so if you are in the area give it try.
4	The pizza here is good. Thin or Sicilian it's good. Specials don't run from certain times during lunch it's actually all day which I like. Sicilian pizza is thick and the size of the slices are big enough to not leave you hungry at all. One thing I wasn't that crazy about it the garlic knots. The knots were kind of tough and appeared to have a lot of seasoning on them yet I really didn't taste any garlic at all. The meat sauce that came with the knots though tasted very good. I have stopped by on my lunch break and seen different types of pizza out so even though they have a daily special board it doesn't mean you can actually get any of that. If it's the younger guy he will only sell you what's out but if it's the older guy he will make any pizza or sandwich you want if you are willing to wait for it.
5	Our go-to pizza place. My husband and I are from New York City and it reminds us being home. The cheese and crust is so tasty. I love this pizza. It's a true New York slice.
5	Been eating this pizza since I was a teenager. It's one of the best I've still ever had. When I come back to town, this pizza is on the agenda.
5	I've only been to this location once and it's been several months since then but was a regular at the Maryland location. They don't have all the offerings at this one, but pizza was still great. Awesome crust and chewy cheese, just how I like it. Reminded me of my late nights studying at UNLV with my friends with our "coochi's pizza." Love it.
3	I Love Cuginos, especially the Maryland Pkwy location, but this Decatur location has always done a great job.  I called a few moments ago to order a large pie and to throw in a few slices of Sicilian.  The girl on the phone said they were out of Sicilian pizza.  How in God's green Earth does a pizza place "run out" of any kind of pizza?  That is a bad job of resource management and disappoints me greatly.
