5	I've been getting my hair cut at this place for years.  If you can, try and get James Choy.  He has been cutting my hair for a long time, and always does an amazing job.
5	I LOVE The Loft. I've been going to my hair dresser, Kristine Forner, for the past 4 years and she ended up here a couple years ago. Everyone is friendly and they offer my favorite hair products. Bumble and Bumble! I would definitely recommend coming here to get your hair did. I also had Dawna Buckroff do my hair in a pin up style and she did an awesome job.  Two thumbs up!
5	Every service that I have tried at The Loft has been amazing!  My hair stylist, Jodi Glibert, is one of the best (and the most reasonably priced) that I have ever used!  Jodi is very friendly and professional.  She does not attempt to sell you every product in the store, either!Stacey Fishberg has been my aesthetician since I have lived in Las Vegas, and is absolutely wonderful as well!The Loft has a very relaxed atmosphere that offers many cute boutique accessory items to peruse while you are waiting for your appointment!
1	I don't see what all the hype is about after visiting this salon for a hair consultation. I read several positive reviews online and I was really disappointed. First, appearance is everything. The stylist didn't put too much effort into their own personal style. Second, I was the one asking all the questions and doing the talking!  This stylist lacked energy and creativity. This consultation lasted 5 minutes and I couldn't wait to leave. My advice when seeking a new hair stylist, go with your instincts-if the vibe just isn't there, keep looking!
5	I was soooo scared of having my haircut because I never had anyone cut my hair for the longest time. I decided to cut the bang. Shelley Hunt is The Best !! She knows what I want and she's really patience. My husband loves her work and I love her !! I ended up having highlighting from her too ! Highly recommended !!
1	Do not waste your money and get your hair butchered.  My wife went here for a simple trim and they couldn't perform this basic request, they took the end of her hair and cut it, then charged her full price.  I requested a stylist that was great with men's hair.  The "men's specialist" needed direction for a basic men's haircut, she wanted to sue the buzzer for the whole cut, it took her 20 minutes to get the back of my neck straight, she left a random patch of hair over my cowlick 3 times as long as the rest of my hair and charged me $30.  I knew the stylist had no idea how to cut men's hair so I assumed she left the hair over my cowlick extra long because she didn't know it was a cowlick and probably thought it was a bald spot.   I called back the next day to have that patch fixed, the stylist was only in twice a week and she wasn't in.  I asked if someone else could fix it quick and the secretary told me that it couldn't be done because the stylists rent space at the salon, the salon doesn't take responsibility of any of their stylist and that another stylist would charge me another $30 to cut the patch of hair.  This place is run like garbage and does garbage work for too much money.
5	This review is defiantly long over due. I got my hair done by Ginger last month. She is absolutely one of the best I have ever been too. I moved to Las Vegas in November from Orange County, CA and was in desperate need of a hair cut and color. Before going to this salon i was hesitant because of the mixed reviews I read on Yelp, but I decided to give it a go because I was referred to Ginger. I wanted a complete new look going from dark brunette to a dark blond and keep my long hair with lots of layering. Usually stylist are in for a real workout when it comes to my hair because it is long and thick. I always get comments like "girl, you have a ton of hair" and stylist always want to cut inches off, but I worked too hard to grow it out so no thank you! Ginger was like this is no problem for me! Before she touched my hair she looked at the photos i brought in & made me feel totally comfortable because i could tell she knew what the look i was going for was. Durning the whole process she was super easy to talk which is great because we had none of those awkward silence moments. Her assistant Brittany that washed my hair was also great! After she was done my hair looked amazing. Ginger totally nailed it.  I have never got more compliments on my hair & I can not wait to go back!As a side note: The salon is tucked for to the side of a shopping center like a hidden gem. I thought the inside was totally urban and chic. Everything to me was kept very clean and the receptionist was totally sweet. A+!! So im not sure why this salon doesn't have more reviews or why they're so mixed, but i thought i would share my experience!
5	This place is fantastic, don't listen to the haters. No matter who you see here, you'll get EXACTLY what you want. I first came to the loft 2 or 3 years ago as a walk in, new to Las Vegas and desperate for a cut and color. It was 3pm on a Saturday and although everyone else was busy, Shelly made time for me and gave me the fierce dark red with whitish blonde highlights that I was looking for.The next time I needed an update, Shelly was actually busy so they set me up with a girl who has since gone back to California to raise her family but I consistently went back and got the freshest colors and cuts and I mean, I'm very particular when it comes to my hair. Yes, I realize everyone says that but I'm tired of salons (in Vegas) not giving you what you want. If I say I want to be a level 10 blonde, do it! If I want to be a level 2 reddish black, go for it. The Loft is the only place in town that gives you what you're looking for. I stopped going to The Loft because I moved across town which, my bad. In the two years since, I have been platinum blonde and then every corrective color of dark red under the sun since I had a lazy stylist who skipped the step of filling my hair when I went back to my natural. Today, I went purple. Like, Barney purple. Because I wanted to. And there is nowhere else in town I would trust to give me beautiful purple locks than The Loft. My purple locks are beautiful and brilliant and Taylor knocked it out of the park. So don't kid yourself and get set up at The Loft if you want to look fierce tonight. They know what they're doing and I truly regret going anywhere else.
5	I discovered the loft after moving from San Francisco in 2012.  Goodbye humidity and hello dry air.  Ginger helped me through the long process of growing out a short hair cut, found the perfect color plus introduced me to some new products that work amazingly well in the desert.  Thanks Ginger for helping me make the transition to Las Vegas!
5	I love the Loft! I have been getting my haircut with Kristine Forner for years!. I live on the other side of town, but I don't mind the drive.  My daughter and I both have natural curly hair and Kristine knows how to handle it. I get my hair cut and colored and I have always been pleased. I also love how they sell purses and other stuff there so while you wait you can shop. I love going to the Loft and I refer all my friends.
5	I have been going here for a few months and had great service; I just wish they could offer manicures on Friday evenings. The stylists are very nice and I get a great haircut at a good price; it took me two years to replace the stylist who left another place I was a patron of before and I finally found Shelly at The Loft.
5	I went to Ginger for some highlights.  She was AMAZING, did EXACTLY what I wanted and was such a pleasure to talk to.  As a matter of fact, everyone in there was super nice.  Highly recommended- from a chick that is very finicky over her hair
5	Went in on Wednesday 07/10 and saw Desiree Pittman. I can't tell you how long I have been searching for the perfect hair girl. Happy to report I found her!! This is the 2nd time I've seen her for my hair services (highlights and cut/trim) 3rd if you count the free bang trim in between :) she is professional, easy to talk to and best of all great at what she does. I won't go to anyone else in Vegas again. Not worth the gamble. The salon is quit and cozy, modern and fun. A perfect mix! I totally recommend Des at the loft!!
5	I've been coming here for years. Everyone is super nice. The salon is always clean. I've never had a problem. Sommer is not only my nail tech, she's a true friend. She's truly wonderful. Check this place out!!
5	I've been going to Jillian at the loft now for a few months. She is awesome and always does my hair exactly how I want it! I went from bleach blonde to light brown with blonde highlights and bangs and it looks great! Place is very modern and fun and all staff is very friendly!
5	I love my hair and love Kristine even more!! She did a great job on my new summer look, and knows exactly what an inch off means!!! So worth it especially with her friendly personality:-)
4	Taylor was wonderful! Very good with color and cut. I had her do a subtle ombre (no distinct lines of color) and a trim. She nailed it! Super happy with her work and the price was reasonable- I will be going back for certain.Location is a bit hidden, but a great find hands down!
1	My manicure here was adequate but not top notch.  The acrylic nail repair I got done here lasted only one day, when it usually lasts for 2 weeks.  And no hand massage included, which is usually standard everywhere else.  I will say that the receptionist was very sweet and helpful.  Despite the "nothing special" manicure, I was originally planning to go back for another, because the prices are reasonable, and my manicurist Mandy at least seemed to be "trying" and used sanitary technique.  The reason I'm giving a one-star rating is because Mandy, who enthusiastically invited me to return for another manicure, did not even bother to return my texts or voice mail two weeks later, when I attempted to set that up!  And yes, I had tipped her well.  I find that lack of responsiveness rude and unprofessional.
5	Love love love , I just went in for a pretty dramatic hair cut , my hair was damaged and unhealthy , I came out looking better than I imagined! Ginger did an awesome job and I will def be back !
5	Great staff. My phone was just dead and the girl at the desk was so nice she let me borrow her charger. My stylist was also great. Totally recommend her, jade
5	The Loft is the shiznit! Friendly and accommodating! Kristine rocks and always does my do the way I like it. They offer a beverage when you enter and the atmosphere is very comfortable. I will be going there for a while I am sure, God willing!
5	Always nice service. Good is great and very well priced. Mouth watering steaks and nice fish.
