2	The food was ok but nothing special for the price. The ambiance was ok. The biggest beef (no pun intended) was the overpriced wine list. I mean $55 for Liberty School is just price gouging.
4	Decent gastropub- or at least it seemed as close to the ones I'm familiar with as possible. Only two beers on tap, but lots of cocktails. The salad I got was surprisingly fresh and modern (arugula, pickled zuchinni, fennel, poached egg), the burger looked decent but definitely overpriced at $19, and the poutine was better than most, albeit nontraditional.
5	The enormous chalk boards on the walls where the menus are written are not only a great design addition to the inside and outside of the restaurant, but as the menu apparently changes often, they are very practical.Must haves:  -the Poutine because it is super-original; profitrole pastry stuffed with potato, deep fried, the gravy rocks, there is tons and tons, and the cheese is the perfect level of fresh and salty-the same waiter we had with crazy black vine-like tattoos on his arms; proficient in french and english, really friendly, great food recommendations, smiling eyes-Sapporo beer on tap which goes great with everything on the menuI was torn between loving the numerous mounted moose heads hanging on the walls.  So Canadian, and rustic, as decore they compliment the thick, wooden tables and aged leather stools, but as an animal lover, it's disturbing to look into those empty eyes...
1	A disaster!! Limited unattractive items on the menu... Don't even lose any time going there! They have an identity crisis: are they upscale or not? Service was good, so was the music!
1	They served my friend food he had informed them he was allergic to twice! and basically ruined his meal. Then requested we vacate our table while were still finishing up our drinks, then they physically kicked us out because my friend who had been served foods he was allergic to was "rude and had a bad attitude". Last I checked this place was a restaurant not a bar, the manager and his partner were both physically and verbally threatening to us AND our wives. They should be ashamed and embarrassed.
3	I'm not surprised the reviews are all over the map on this one. This place has excellent food, but the experience is destroyed by waitstaff that seem to have multiple personality disorder. I've been there a dozen times and have been treated like royalty at some times, and like a leper others. Very bizarre. Anyways.The decor is awesome - super casual but intriguing - think Aspen chic with a bit of hipster influence, but not too much. In the dead of winter, especially during a snowstorm, this place is like an oasis in the desert. So warm and inviting. The food is generally excellent. The menu rotates, but in general everything is casual and tasty, albeit at slightly increased prices compared to what a normal bistro should be. I usually spend upwards of $150 for two including some cheap wine, which is on the higher end of the scale for the casual resto. The usual fare is there - upscale macaroni and cheese, burgers, etc. but sometimes they do some off-the-wall things, like schnitzel with a sunnyside egg cracked over it, or lobster sandwiches, etc. Overall, worth a try. You might get lucky and catch the staff on a good day!
4	This place is fun to get together with friends for happy hour drinks or to grab a bite, and is also suitable for a date. It can get loud, but it's a chill spot in a great area, and can lead to other amazing locations close-by if you choose to leave.I like the atmosphere and ambience. I've enjoyed meals such as the salmon tartar and the goat cheese croquettes!
1	SUMMARY: Food is very decent + horrible SERVICE  = UNLESS it's free, I wouldn't go back!!Let's cut the crap and go straight to the point. I'm not a writer nor a food critic but I do enjoy eating out and especially eating good food! I had my reservations about this place (w/ numerous of bad reviews everywhere) but we had a Teambuy/Groupon deal for this meal. The coupon was about to expire therefore we had to use it. Food is not everything nor is service unless you're a staple of the city. Part I: - Walked into the restaurant, no one greeted us while I see staff behind the bar whom are available.- Reserved  for 8:30 got there at 9 and the table WASN'T READY- In order to save time, we ordered as the waitress gave us the menuPart II: The food finally came after 35-40min wait. The kitchen is slow for such a small restaurant. (The runner was the one who delivered our food not our waitress) We DIDN'T even have the CHANCE to take a bite and the waitress was breathing down our neck and asked "How's your meal??". Can you at least give us the chance to try the food first!? Numerous times we tried to flag down a staff, they totally ignored us. It's not as if they were busy because I see people behind the bar chit-chatting, etc. Part III:It's time to pay the bill, the waitress had horrible etiquette. She was standing right next to us the whole time while we were punching our credit card information. Normally, you give the CC terminal and you walk away. You let the customer do his/her duties then come back and you don't STALK the customer!!!The sad part about everything...the food was actually good. These reviews totally make sense...AVOID IT!
3	I decided to come here with a friend as an alternative for our oyster fix. (Lawrence was closed...sadly) The way the oysters was presented to us was a bit cheap, which I didn't like. The lemon was not cut in nicer wedges (it was half a lemon, I had to cut it myself), the sauce was watery, there was no rock salt etc. I hate to compare, but Lawrence definitely gets more points for presentation. But nonetheless we still enjoyed our oysters. My friend and I ordered starters. Both delicious. She had a salmon tartare, while I had the chorizo with tomato confit onion tartlette. We didn't order mains because the downside of this place is, it gets quite expensive.Service was generally quite pleasant. I would not go here for oysters though. It was 12 for 24$ So 2$/oyster. Not that good of a deal.
4	Don't understand the bad reviews. Went there last night and had a great time. We sat outside, the staff were very friendly. The food was good.
4	The food is great.....The prices not so greatIt's way over-priced for what you getThe Ambiance and music are great, service was so-so
3	Food was ok -I had the beef tataki and tuna tartar- but not great, far from a gastropub anyway.... But this is too pricey! 15$ for starter! I didn't get the burger though....
2	While I was expecting the service to be atrocious, it was quite lovely. Our waitress was great. This said, every other element of the dinner was sheer horror. From the slimy Malpeque oysters on, the dinner lacked nuance, and failed to deliver vis-a-vis balanced flavors. The tater-tot based smoked meat poutine starter was soggy mess, with soggy old curds and smoked meat that simply tasted off. The sea-bass was overcooked, and drowning in a spice mixture that was appalling in its brunt. While the burger could have been great, the soggy lower bun mentioned by someone else was a deal-breaker. To add insult to injury, the place refused to make the half-baked cookie as they were too busy. Finally, and really cementing the fact that this place is caught in the suck, a gentleman who appears to be either the owner or manager spent the entire evening behind the bar, death-staring one table after the other. Very unwelcoming addition to a mediocre and over-priced meal. Avoid at all costs.
4	Food and service was good, a little pricey but id def go back and bring a few friends!
4	Is it me or do restaurants in Montreal seem more expensive than even cities like New York or LA?The food here was very good.  I had gazspacho (thick tomato with a bit of zesty spice from the peppers - it needed more tortilla strips for the size of the bowl) and a the panzanella salad.  I drank one cocktail (L'Outremont - friends don't let other male friend's order this drink.  I read the ingredients - vodka, chambord, prosceco - and thought it would be a refreshing summer drink  It WAS, but it was served in a champagne flute and was more prosecco than vodka) and one glass of red wine.  My tab was $60 before tip!My dining companion enjoyed his dishes as well - tuna tartare starter and grilled salmon over rice, but again we felt wanting something more;.  They only have three desserts so we walked down the street to Juliet & Chocolat.This is a good place - especially in better weather.  They have a new patio and even the interior has a good vibe.  Service was excellent and I swear our server was related to Katie Holmes.
3	The lodge-like interior features several hunting trophies and a large, eye-catching shelving unit standing behind the bar.As expected, the menu mainly centers around souped-up favorites such as onion soup, poutine, shrimp rolls, shepherd's pie, mac n' cheese...  It also lists a few bolder creations like beef tartar with chorizo, tagliatelle with duck confit and a daily special.We had to wait a little too long for our opening drinks, and we got our coffee before dessert (a no-no in our books), but asides from that, our waiter did a satisfying job.Our consensus is that Greasy Spoon is more of a neighborhood joint than a destination restaurant.  If you were to try this place, we would suggest sticking to the classics, since we had better luck with those than the more serious items.
1	Sorely disappointed. First of all.. I don't think they know what a greasy spoon is. This was an extremely over priced, confused place. I ordered a lobster roll ($26) and a Paloma ($10) to drink. The lobster roll was good. Not $26 good, but good enough. The drink tasted really watered down, so I told the waitress (something that took a lot of guts for me- I very rarely return food for not liking it) - I was as polite as I could be, but the waitress gave me a bit more attitude than I expected! She ended up taking it off of my bill, but only gave eye contact to my husband for the remainder of the evening. And stopped refilling our tiny water glasses. It was weird and I hope to never go there again.
3	Food was great. Service, not so much.Went with a living social deal and had the Beef Tartare (amazing), Tuna Tataki (also good, but preferred the Beef) for appetizers. Mains were the lobster roll and pork ribs; the prices are a bit high for what you get, but since we had the deal we weren't too fussed. I wouldn't pay full price for those items. The dessert was called "After Eight Cheesecake" but it's banana cheese cake with Scor bar on top...a bit deceiving.Overall our waiter was VERY slow. Took almost 15 minutes before anyone even brought us water. Half an hour before we had drinks on the table and didn't get our appetizers until over an hour after we sat down. Everyone was running around like chickens with their heads cut off, but it wasn't event that busy, and there were tons of staff.Overall I wouldn't go back, the price vs. the portions and service just don't cut it.
1	Let's start off by saying that the name of this restaurant is very befitting of the owner...he is quite greasy looking. If you expect to sit at a normal table on a normal chair, this place is NOT for you. They only have oversized bar tables and 100 pound oversized stools to sit on. These tables and stools are so crammed into this tiny hole of a restaurant (honestly, I think the terrace is bigger than the restaurant), that you will probably have to get up every single time the low-class asshole of a person at the table next to you goes out to smoke, (which in my experience was about 4 times in the course of an hour). If you object (as well you should), and don't get up, as was the case, the greasy owner will stare you down for the rest of your meal and talk shit about you in French to the other patrons and waiters. I'm sorry sir, but this is no way to run a restaurant. The food here is actually pretty good, but the atmosphere and owner explain why this place is constantly offering half price deals on Living Social.  They probably wont be around much longer. It's almost impossible to hear the person/people you are there with, because you're practically sitting at the same table as the people next to you.
