5	before yelp canada arrived, i had to go to the streets to find the cool, local spots in quebec.  thanks to an awesome dood that held down a convenient store, he let me in on what he called the current hot-spot in montreal.made it to old montreal via cab in less than 6 dollars from le centre sheraton.  the lounge is actually connected to a beautiful hotel- notre dame.i went in and was impressed by the exquisite design aspects that reaked of pretentiousness, but this was deflated when i was serviced by the very down to earth barkeeps that were both very model-esque.after swigging on a generous pour of macallan, i asked of any jazz bars that were open...the monica belluci doppelganger asked if i made it to the terrace yet.  that is one thing you realize in quebec, all the hit-spots have a terrace.made it to the eighth floor from the elevator, confused...walked through a kitchen which brought me to one of the f*cking most incredible skyline views i have witnessed.the dj was kicking some 90's hip-hop- black sheep's blue cheese and from there the stage was set.  beautiful people, very international crowd (heard like six languages being spoken among groups), well-mixed drinks.  i ended up taking it all in, along with a few gin-tonics- which is one of the most ordered drinks in this town and then headed out to cruise old montreal a bit.
4	I'm of half a mind when it comes to Old Montreal's sky-top terrasse 5-a-7 haunts.  On one hand, getting tipsy a couple hundred feet in the open air is pretty awesome; on the other hand, there's that nagging sense that I'm somehow surrounded by the top executives at Parasuco Denim Cult, and actually closer to Crescent Street detritus than I want to be.For example, the Verses Bar is kinda shoddy and staffed by well-meaning but clueless bartenders.  I ordered a sidecar, (instructions provided by me - first bad sign): it comes in a low-ball glass.  And I'm pretty sure that this sugary concoction is made with Lime Cordial.  Thanks.Somehow, 701 avoids this, even though I've heard the same giganto Grecian hotel consortium operates the place.  Downstairs or upstairs - the service is spectacular and the drinks are...  Suitably heavy, let's say.One of the sure signs of the decline of Western Civilization and all it has given us is the absence of The Free Pour in bars.  Taylorism, penny-pinching accounting and the gradual bureaucratization of those blessed third places - bars, clubs, pubs and watering holes - has forced it into all but extinction.  Making a drink is more akin to alchemy than chemistry, which is what makes the Mixologist title thrown about by the W chain so incredibly off-putting.  Mixology?  Really?  Somehow somebody at Suite 701 understands this.  And thus, drinks at Suite 701 are free-poured.  You can tell the difference.  Your palate, your stomach, and the eventual warm feeling of bon homie you will have for your fellow man 15 seconds after sipping your first tipple will prove it.The key component to Suite 701, that allows it to transcend the "nice place to drink" category is the service, though.  The times I've been there, I've been lucky enough to be served by a gentleman of the name of Fernando.  A server of the highest caliber who bears not a trace of the forced familiarity nor the aloof haughtiness that so often mark the lesser members of his profession.What really makes Fernando happy is bus-ing tables.  Staying out of the limelight, and just putting in the hours.  And yet, because of the high regard with which he is viewed, he is tragically unable to do that.  He must serve.  And yet, he doesn't grumble or complain...  He rises to the occasion.  He creates the occasion!  Great humour, wit, clever quips, a winning smile, an astonishing memory, and the personable touch - these are his stock in trade.The appeal of the 701 is truly this, then: a cocktail, well-made and well-served.  It's sad that we can't expect that from more places.
2	I went there with a business group of about 7 people.  The staff were nice, but interminably slow in bringing us our food; they also totally forgot one appetizer which we asked several times about.  My salad had funky tasting seafood on it an I only ended up eating part of out of fear it might make me ill.  I heard the view up top was good, and my cocktail was yum, so maybe advice is to get a drink there bit stay away from the gastronomy.
3	This place was ok.  The food wasn't anymore expensive than any of the other places.  That's about the most I can say about it.It had a very pretty indoor seating area, but the wait staff was less than competent.See Moira R.'s review to come.
1	This is a service based review.  The staff kept trying to take my food right out from under me.  I ordered french toast and had eaten it, but I had also ordered a cheese plate to share and that was slowly getting eaten while we were chatting.  Eventually they still ran off with my plate while I was in the washroom.The worst part is what happened with the bill.  I gave $40.00 cash for a $30 bill and sat forever while everyone else got their credit cards back to sign.  Where the hell was my change?  When I said something about not getting my stuff back she simply gave me a copy of the receipt.  I guess she thought I just needed it for reimbursement?  Finally, I just showed her the bill and said, I GAVE YOU $40 WHERE IS MY CHANGE.  She looked as me like, oh, you wanted change?  Really?  She was going to take a $10 tip on my $30 bill!  NO!  Of course I still tipped simply because there were other servers that helped, but this was a clear account of someone trying to take advantage.  If I hadn't gone up to her to let her know, very clearly, that I wanted my change, I never would have gotten it. The food was good and seemed average priced for the area.  The french toast was good and the coffee was reasonably strong and they did a good job of keeping my cup filled.  The cheeses were good, but I think it was priced a little high for what I received.
4	So after seeing a couple churches in a row, I start to get thirsty. It works every time. Lucky for me, it was the first weekend of the season that the Suite 701 rooftop bar was open, which is ranked one of the top 10 rooftop bars in all of Montreal (I don't know which ranking but I agree with it). It was a perfect day for it, a high of 70 degrees and super sunny. On the rooftop there were couples in jeans, a table of businessmen in suits who must've been sweating their asses off, and a large group of girls dressed up like they were going to the prom with fake eyelashes and the other 8 yards. We got a bottle of Chardonnay and relaxed for several moments.The service was great, the atmosphere was pleasant. Overall a great place to be on a sunny day.
3	This place has gone downhill, and now seems to have a borderline trashy clientele, and last time I went on a Saturday night it was half-empty. Just like our server's head.Nice decor. Drinks are very good, but not the best.
4	One of the few outdoor rooftop bars in Montreal and is was a hit in my book.  My wife and I came here with another couple for drinks around 10pm.  We got a great table, ordered a bottle of champagne, and had a great time.  The service was very good from the hosts in the lobby that directed us up, to the hostess on the roof, to our server.  Our server was friendly and attentive.The music was good and not too loud, the clientele was definitely upscale, but not pretentious in any way.  It was also not too crowded.  If you are looking for some over the top, LA / Manhattan rooftop craziness experience (we were not) - go somewhere else.  This is purely an upscale chill spot to go before you go somewhere else to get your night started off right.
4	This is one of my favorite bars in Montreal.  It's hidden away in the Place d'Armes hotel at the start of the old port, across from the Notre Dame Basilica in Montreal.  It's a fun atmosphere with a live DJ and a couple attentive bartenders.  It's a great place to start your evening, continue drinking, finish your evening or even a place to just stay at all night.They are known for Martini's, my favorite!  They start at $10, depending on what kind of Martini you are looking for.  Their food is pretty good too.  The Kobe beef sliders are great for sharing with the table.No need to dress up, but please, no sportswear.  Jeans are ok.Additionally they have 5-7 specials, at least on Thursday's.  It's a bit small, but fun nonetheless!  Highly recommended!
3	I have had hits and misses with Suite 701 every time I have been there.  I have gone for dinner there and for just drinks.  Sometimes the service has been good, other times they were clueless (for example almost losing my credit card).The food is quite good.  There are also a lot of choices for what type of drinks.  The DJ spins some good tunes late at night, but the last time I was there the place was half empty.The rooftop is pretty cool because Montreal is sorely lacking in the rooftop terrasse department.  Definitely check it out on a warm summer evening.  I would recommend Suite 701 to start off a night of boozing in the Old Port.
3	Dropped in during Nuit Blanche weekend for a few drinks.  We were told we had to do coat check but when we got in others had their coats.  I get annoyed at paying to leave my coat somewhere when you don't have to!!!The first few things that come to mind is the place has solid decor.  We sat down and waited awhile for our server to come back with our menu.  It took a bit to arrive and the drink menu is pretty solid and around $10 a cocktail.  The cocktails we got were all loaded with real fresh fruit and were pretty good.The music wasn't bad, I didn't see a DJ spinning that night and the place was about half full.  I'm assuming a lot of people were out watching the exhibits at this time.  The lounge is exactly what it is, a place to have a few drinks and chat it over with whoever you might be sharing the night with.  Nothing amazing but far from bad.The clientele all seemed older...or maybe I'm just getting up there in age and fit right in?  HahaAnyways I'd come back to grab a drink but the service throughout was a little bit spotty.
4	I would go back just to be in the room again. What a beautiful space. The decor, the lighting, super high ceilings, moldings, etc... I enjoyed everything from the food, to the bar, to the DJ! I would be happy to go back.
2	Was staying at the hotel next door... Got into Montreal late and so decided to just come here to grab a bite to eat because it was easy.  I was seriously underwhelmed.  With all the good food in Montreal, this place cannot get away with charging the prices they do for mediocre food and drinks.  Had the duck wings which I suspect we're actually turkey (dry), the beet salad with shrimp (blech) and the crab cake, which was the best part of the meal.  Drinks were overly sweet.Not worth it.
4	Very cool atmosphere. The BBQ duck wings are a must try.
1	I usually don't comment on service,But this place was unforgivable, almost two hours before we got our appetizer, and over three hours for the whole meal... and we skipped dessert!!! I understand this is more a bar scene thing, but seriously a hamburger and some fries should not take over three hours!!!And on top of this, the food sucks. we had gnocchi lightly fried, and kobe beef burger.The gnocchi was a disaster, no sauce and cuz it's fried it developped a crust which made is hard and tough, not really a good texture for gnocchi. the Kobe beef burger was ok, not worth the premium of Kobe, and it came without ketchup, took another half an hour and asking three times before i got it. And the third time I asked, she just went behind the counter picked it up and brought it straight to me!!! the ketchup was prepped already just there to pick up and bring it, and yet it took a so much wrangling to get something...I usually don't give out 1 or 2 stars cuz I'm not out to put businesses down but this place just rubbed me wrong.
3	Very chic,upscale bar/lounge that serves food as well. Youngish crowd that gets progressively younger complete with fake Louies, as the night rolls on; not to mention the LOUD , POUNDING music that forces you to eat to the beat.We were a party of 6 and came in for the Gourmet Fest special, and it took awhile for the first course to finally arrive.Most if us ordered the polenta poutine: tasty,but barely warm,next the main course, chicken again in a tasty sauce, a spoonful of white diced beets as accompaniment with a square,spiced potato galette...fancy latke,dessert was a shot glass of chocolate mousse with a chunk of brownie at the bottom .Overall,a good,not great meal, the ambiance was clubby,noise ( pounding music) level LOUD and kept getting louder with each passing hour,service on slow side,though very courteous. Watch out for the wine,just 1 glass and your bill will be double.
3	I didn't try the restaurant so can't offer any insights other than to say that the decor is stunning, BUT the music is quite loud. On my way to the elevators, I felt like I was taking a walk through the 90s, lol.  The terrace is a decent size but not huge. We were able to get a table for six fairly quickly, so that was great. My friends and I ordered Mojitos and they were delicious - also, quite reasonably priced! I think I paid $7 for the drink, so when the bartender told me the price I had to ask her to repeat just to make sure I heard her correctly!The view is great, and the ambiance is pretty relaxed. I would recommend it.
2	mouai
4	I like suite 701 because of the rooftop bar, it's perfect for drinks during the summer while enjoying the view. I love their cocktails especially their raspberry mojito and cucumber bash. The dip trilogy with pita chips is the perfect snack to nibble on while you drink.I'm not impressed by their food, I'd come back when it's nice and warm to sip on some cocktails on the rooftop and for snacks, but I'd go somewhere else for dinner.
3	I went there twice only, for some drinks on the rooftop bar. The first time, the service was perfect (the waiters were quick and so nice!), maybe because it was on a week day. The second time, it was a disaster, we went there on a friday night, the waitress asked us to move because the table was finally reserved, and none of them was at least polite.Also, while the view is outstanding to me, the drinks are quite expensive (15$ for a mojito).
3	The decor on the interior is upscale and trendy but the real attraction of this is place the rooftop terrasse in summer.  You can see the downtown skyline which I liked alot. The music wasn't too loud on the terrasse either making it easy to talk to others.Their drinks are on the expensive side so this is somewhere you visit once in a while.  I had a rasberry mojito which would have been good had they not added so much lime which was overpowering.  The Jazz martini was better and both drinks did contain a decent amount of alcohol however I still think they were overpriced.
4	Been here twice now and each time have had a great experience with delicious drinks. The atmosphere is consistently upbeat and definitely puts you in the mood to drink and have a good time. The bartenders make a hell of a drink and are really friendly. Struck up a great conversation and went above and beyond to tell us about all the places in Montreal we should visit.As it gets later in the night, the DJ steps it up more and more and it draws a good crowd. The decor is also really cool and gives it a little bit of a club vibe. Overall this is a great place to pre game or even make a night of it.
3	What was good here was great, what wasn't, was awful. The prosciutto salad and french dip were great. The breakfast buffet was great - yummy banana nut bread. The burgers, on the other hand, were inedible. There was some spice in it that was just bad.The service was good and the bathrooms were very clean. The coffee was also very good.
4	Attached to The Le' Place D' Armes Hotel. Didn't go for lunch or dinner but they do a very nice brunch. Service is amazing (same as the hotel)would absolutely go back!
2	PROs- Staff is friendly- Drinks are creative and tastyCONs- Bread was stale and shouldn't have been served- Many items were WAY too salty - My salmon was noticeably under-cooked- Desserts took forever to arrive (waiter took a smoke break)- The key lime pie was sold out. I was instead given a flakey abomination garnished with whip cream.- Decor would be considered classy only at a sweet 16 (I might just be bitter)- Food prices were way too high considering its qualityOverall:Establishing good drink recipes is fine if you're just a bar but it doesn't cut it for dinner service. Though ambitions were high on all 3 courses, the execution was very poor and couldn't be saved even with fancy ingredients. I wouldn't have cared if my salmon was Irish, Spanish or Philipino, I just didn't expect to be eating it still squishy. My date, not wanting to ruin our anniversary, politely ate her food but felt ill afterwards from the overwhelming amounts of salt and parm in her risotto. Suite 701 is best described as fancy-style food. You're paying a premium for being in a large location in Old Montreal, attached to a hotel and served food on large, ornate plates. I'd like to say that I'll give them another try in case it was a temporary screw up but, with their pricing, it's not a gamble I'd be willing take.
4	Great for drinks after a long day of meetings and in the morning the breakfast  offers traditional morning fare with speedy service. OI recommend the duck confi eggs Benedict or the croque madam.
2	Food: not worth it. The food is very amateur-esque and DEFINITELY overpriced for the quality (i never usually say anything about prices). I don't suggest you eat here.Drinks : original, tasty and very pretty.Service : the staff is generally very friendly, but not so knowledgeable.decor : probably what makes the place. it's simple and cute.Overall : i would only go here for drinks before actually going out.
4	Food and service well done. Price and delivery match. An enjoyable place, particularly in the summer.
2	This place was empty on a Saturday night and looks like it's trying too hard.  Not a place where you'd feel comfortable unless you were super dressed up.  Too loud for the servers to hear you so they bring the wrong order.  It all feels a little last year.  Last, last year.
4	The atmosphere here was beautiful- lots of chandeliers and up lighting! Service was very slow but I was ordering beef tartare so I was grateful they took their time to make this dish since it is a complicated one. When they served the tartare, it was yummy and presented very nicely!
2	Was really impressed at the beginning of the night but it all went downhill. Staff was very friendly at first but service became more and more spotty, with drinks taking 30-45 minutes to get to our table. The appetizers we tried were mostly OK (the foie gras was the star, even though it was quite salty, and the charcuterie plate also very good though very overpriced). Main course was a disappointment all around, especially the scallop plate which, for 28$, consisted of 5 small scallops, 4 cherry tomatoes and a couple greens. Dessert was decent though our coffee never made it to the table. The drinks were for the most part very good and are the only reason this is not a 1 star review, though for that price you are much better off going somewhere else (the outdoor terasse on the roof of the same building is a better option for drinks and has a great view)Pros: cool decor, friendly staff, nice bathroomsCons: food quality, portion size, price, service
3	Good place for a drink on the rooftop, food not so good though and also over price.We would go back for a drink but not for their food.
4	The rooftop terrace is great for a cocktail before dinner to watch the sun set over Mont Royal. Their $20 char plate is VERY generous (and delicious), and they carry one of my favorite rose wines by the glass. Cheers!
5	Drinks drinks drinks!  Sit at the bar and ask them to make you something. It will not disappoint.
5	I tried this place for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The service was prompt and friendly. The music was relaxing and not loud. The food exceeded our expectations - it was delicious, reasonably priced and nicely presented.I would recommend this place and will come back next time I visit MTL.
3	This resto is a duplicate and should be deleted.
2	MehYou know, this resto club used to have great food, which came from the AIX kitchen, downstairs. Now AIX is gone, and the food, when it eventually comes, looks better than it tastes, UNLESS you like really rich food. Like really rich. As in a thick white truffle cappuccino and a butter-like fois gras. The combination of tastes on the plate is...odd. I can understand, for example, the theory behind mixing the fatty salmon tartar with acidic apple, but, well, it doesn't work. The fois gras plate was equally challenged. The worst was their Christmas yuletide log chocolate dessert, which was essentially a stale Twinkie...On the bright side, the decor and service was very good (apart from the slow, slow kitchen). In fact, this is one of the only restaurants I've been to where the waitress waited for everyone to finish before clearing the plates - very unusual.
