3	Charming neighborhood joint with a mixture of italian and mediterranean items on the menu.  They have some nice teas.
4	Grade: BPretty good Mediterranean / Italian food. Pricey.
3	The atmosphere was a hoot, with old Italian-American family photos that reminded me of my own great-grandparents.  The Moroccan artifacts tucked here and there were also endearing.  There were some gluten-free dining guides, gluten-free mixes and the like up front, so that was promising.  Oh, and the labels in the dessert case were made of Scrabble tiles.  :-)    We went on a Saturday night and it was a bit loud.  We were seated at a table that would probably do well for six, but there were only four of us and so we seemed far apart, which made it hard to hear each other given the ambient noise.I was excited to come here since the menu is friendly toward those on gluten-free diets.  I ordered a pizza with a gluten-free crust.  It was presented on a terra cotta pillar pizza stand.  The outer part of the crust was good but the inner part was a bit smushy, though not extremely so.  It was nice to be able to eat pizza again, but it wasn't amazing pizza.Others at my table ordered the beef kebabs and a falafel plate.  They said the food was good but not fantastic.  My husband ordered a chocolate mousse for dessert and quite enjoyed it. Parking is easy and free in the restaurant's own lot, the restaurant is fairly easy to find, the menu looked fun, the atmosphere was great, and the food was fine.  Hopefully the food will become great and then I can give it more stars.  I'd love to award those who make dining accessible for the gluten-free crowd!
4	The website makes this restaurant look cheesy, but it's actually cozy. We went here on a double date. The special was something called "on the board" for 14.95 per person where you get a salad, garlic bread, spaghetti and meatballs, and a cannoli for dessert. And it's funny because they will LITERALLY bring out a Board covering the entire table (with rivets so the sauce collects on the sides) where they will just put a heap full of pasta. This made me laugh because it seemed pointless but memorable. Adios to any regular serving dish...that's for sure!Let me tell you, I normally don't like cannoli or meatballs (but theirs were high quality and lean), but LOVED these things BOTH here because they were flavorful. I was so happy they had little chocolate chips to offset the cannoli's pastery shell and it was crispy with custard that was light and sweet, not cloying. Its kitschy/tacky/fun decor is mesmerizing. In the ladies room, I saw a vintage Hawaiian poster, vingtage dresses, toys, old school postcards...you name it! The men's bathroom is supposed to be decorated with Cub Scout paraphenalia.
4	Consistently good, reasonably priced Mediterranean fare.  Kebobs, tabouli, and shwarma are all very good.  Most night, there are specials featuring various raviolis- these have also been very good.Slightly disappointed that it's beer/wine only, but that's livable. Desserts are outstanding, if you have any room left.Cozy, comfortable- like your crazy Italian grandma's house, if Grandma owned a kitschy antique store.
3	Bunky's is a tiny little cozy cafe. I took my boyfriend here last Valentine's day and it was was very busy, but the service was still good. I had the special ravioli of the night(chicken and rosemary,  I think). It was good...but not spectacular. I think my boyfriend had a huge piece of lasagna. It was a nice meal, and a memorable place. I wasn't "wow"ed, but I'd try it again.
3	Bunky's has friendly service and unusual ambience: part of the restaurant looks like a deli while the other part looks like a Victorian living room.I liked that they offered many local beers and do a decent job with labeling what's vegan and gluten-free. Our waitress also was knowledgeable about what's vegan and what's not.Our falafel appetizer was quite tasty and well-done ($7.95). The creamy lentil soup that came with my main dish was wonderful---perfectly spiced, thick and delicious with fresh herbs. However, the Mediterranean Eggplant main course was pretty bland; it was basically eggplant, onions and bell peppers in a marinara sauce, served with couscous on the side. It was also slightly expensive at $13.95. My friend, however, enjoyed his vegetarian lasagna (which is not vegan).They didn't have any vegan desserts on the day I visited but they do usually have at least one vegan home-made dessert of some type.
4	One of our favorite places - EVERYTHING we've tried is good!  I especially like the meat lasagna and the pizzas.
2	The food was good, but was way over-priced (reminded me of Dardanelles on Monroe Street). Decor is cool though.
5	I've been to Madison a few times to visit a friend but this was my first Bunky's experience.  The whole experience was great.  I am gluten free but love, I mean love me some pizza.  Being from Chicago you would think I have tons of options for eating pizza not at home, uh, nope.  The gluten free pizza was so great that combined with a gluten free beer.  I was one happy guy.  I even got a gluten free cheesecake which was amazing.  Whenever I go back to Madison that will be a definite stop for me.
3	I don't know if you guys are catching on to a continuous theme in my reviews, but one thing that is more important to me than anything when dining out, purchasing a product, or spending money in general, I appreciate a good value. By no means am I cheap... but then again, I don't like being played for a fool either. So instead of writing about Bunky's, I will tell you that there is this AWESOME Lebanese hole-in-the-wall called Taste of Lebanon on Foster & Ashland in Chicago. For what I spent at Bunky's I could have fed at least four, if not five adults with food that is on par with, if not better than what I got at Bunky's... and had change to spare. This is now my second experience in Madison where I know for a fact that in larger cities where one expects higher prices, I have paid far less for better. What gives? I know Madison is a left leaning, altruistic town, but I didn't think that it extended to how businesses price their wares!
3	Went here with the family and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.  A few things were a bit off kilter, like the bus boy saying they don't accept credit cards when they do, and our waiter being a bit slow on water, but overall a good dining experience.  The food is what sold me.  Flavorful and delightful.  Interesting options given that its a cross between Italian and Mediterranean.  Also, the current owner's great grandfather first opened the restaurant so its been around while; kinda cool for those who care.
1	Oh, I've been meaning to update my review. I totally forgot that for every item we purchased that night, we were charged an extra $.25. Now, by no means am I a cheap individual, but here is where I take issue:1. The food is already WAY overpriced2. Nowhere on their menu (at least the take out menu), does it indicate you will be charged an additional $.25 per item3. The individual who rang in my order also never mentioned anything about a $.25 surcharge.The only thing I can surmise is that I was being charged a "to go" fee.  I have serious problems with places that do this to their customers. I had a problem with a place like this in Chicago who tried to pull this stunt, but at least they wrote "to go charge" on the bill. The fault was in how they handled the situation after I voiced my displeasure with this wack attempt to sneak a few more coins from my pocket. However, Bunky's just sneaks it in, and if you ask me, that's just bunk.
3	Dined at Bunky's last week while visiting a friend in Madison prior to a Badger basketball game.  The name 'Bunky's' doesn't even begin to describe the food--we were expecting a cafe with a great sandwiches and to be in and out quickly...WE couldn't have been more wrong--but that was okay!The place was very eclectic and is a true sit down restaurant probably inspired by cafes in the Middle East/Eurasia.  The menu was just as eclectic with kabobs, pasta, pizza and plenty of hummus.  They also serve something that I think was called 'table spaghetti' or something like that--anyway we saw a table of 8 served this (the menu says 2 person minimum) and it was quite interesting.  Essentially they cover the table with some kind of protective cover (it looked like a piece of marble with a beveled moat around the border--to protect from wayward juices) and then proceeded to dump a huge stainless steel bowl of spaghetti and another of marinara/gravy directly onto the table!  It was interesting to watch these people dig in sans plates...yes, that's right--everyone sort of eats in front of themselves without a plate.  A very different take on family-style dining for sure.Anyway, back to our experience...the three of us ordered the chicken kabob dinner, lamb kabob dinner, and some type of penne pasta.  The kabob dinners come with rice, hummus, and a couple grilled veggies--I subbed in couscous for rice--it was tasty but $17 for the lamb dinner seems a bit of a stretch for what I got.  All of us enjoyed our food and the time there.  We'll definitely go back.
4	Excellent service; GREAT food. The staff is really nice and accommodating. We eat at Bunky's frequently and I just hosted a baby shower there.  They did a great job of accommodating my budget and making my friend feel very special.  I highly recommend them for catering as well.
5	The service was great, everyone was very friendly.  It's a great place to go on a date.  The lighting is dim, which gives the restaurant a romantic feel.  The home made ravioli was awesome, but the tiramisu made our night.  It was the best tiramisu we've every had, maybe even the best dessert I've ever ordered anywhere.
3	I feel like I dined in my Grammy's sewing room.  Everything from the decor to the borderline-gaudy-floral chairs gives off that antique and worn (in a nice way) feel.  This one's got character!The menu is a fusion of Mediterranean and Italian offerings.  Want some baba ghanouj with your pizza?  Bowtie pasta with your falafel?  Tomato foccacia with chicken shawarma?  You can do it here.  We shared a combo appetizer that included falafels, hummus and pita, baba ghanouj, and grape leaves.  The food quality on this was rather ordinary.  My strip steak was tender and juicy and the best part of the entree.  The au gratin potatoes and green beans were soaking in a pool of buttery grease and oil though.  Mmm mmm, not.  My dining buddy ordered "Tina's pasta", which was a special of the night and delivered extra lemony flavors x 100.  Did someone accidentally put Pledge into the vegetable oil bottle? P.S.  Service was solid.P.P.S.  There's street parking outside, plus a lot at the side of the building.
4	We were traveling with our baby and wanted to go someplace where we wouldn't get dirty looks for bringing a kid but where we could also have some decent food (no more chain restaurants, ugh!), so our expectations were probably a little different than your average diner. Bunky's was a great choice. I had the chicken shawarma, which wasn't exactly authentic but did have really great flavor--a little spicy and a little tangy. I enjoyed it a lot. Spouse had the special ravioli of the night which he thought was also pretty good. Again, nothing spectacular but solid flavors and cooked properly. We took some carrot cake to go and it was good, though it could have been a little spicier for me. The service was fantastic--very attentive even though they were busy, and the person at the front (the owner?) was very friendly and helpful in accommodating our table of 2 and a half. Several of the tables next to us had gluten-free diners and we could see the staff was going out of their way to make sure those diners got what they wanted. Overall we had a very lovely time at Bunky's.
5	Excellent Food & Service.  We started with their special for the day ~ acorn squash lobster bisque soup.  The best I've ever tasted!  We shared the lamb dish and chicken Shawarma.  Both had great flavor and presentation.  The tabouleh was excellent as well.A little pricey, but worth every bite.  Excellent wait staff and pleasant ambiance.
4	After writing my review for Oliva (and comparing it to Bunky's), I realized I haven't reviewed Bunky's yet! As I said in Oliva's review, I think Bunky's Chicken Shawarma is perfect - thinly sliced chicken, nicely seasoned, plenty of charred vegetables, yummy rice, fabulous hummus, and great yogurt sauce.  And their lentil soup in awesome.  Go for lunch when it's 5 bucks cheaper. Everything I've had at Bunky's is good and their coffee is excellent. I've only been to their new location once.  Didn't like it as well as the old place, and the food didn't seem quite as good either, which was strange.  Maybe they just hadn't gotten into their routine yet or something.
5	Delicious Gluten Free desserts are reason enough for 5 stars
4	If you want good falafel, this is the spot in Madison to get it at. If you want to just eat it at home and heat the pieces in the oven/pan you can also get them at the Willy Street Co-Op,and they even come with tahini.
4	The food was good, the service was excellent, the ambience was different. I will definitely be going back.
3	I want to start by saying that as soon as I saw the Shawarma, I had to order it.  It's a real feat if a restaurant manages to make a decent version of this, and my love for Shawarma makes me somewhat of a connoisseur.As we walked in, there were about 12 people waiting in the foyer, but my girlfriend went to the hostess and we were seated immediately.  We got some stares as we walked by people who had been waiting longer than us, but we had the advantage of being a 2-top.  We were seated in the middle of everything, so it was definitely a cramped eating experience.  We were informed that they were about 10 tables behind when we were seated, and that our server would be over for drinks in a minute.  I don't know why we were told they were behind other than to elicit some sympathy, but I have to say that nothing took overly long or showed up hastily put together despite the apparent issue of being behind.The atmosphere is a little quirky, but that's also kind of fun.   A lot of the stuff they have up seems to match with the mix of the owners (Italian and Arab...Moroccan I think based on his name, definitely a North African sounding name anyway).  This mix is more common than most people think too given Italy's role in Libya and Tunisia's proximity to Italy.Anyway, we ordered drinks and they showed up promptly. $3.75 for a bottle of Bells Two Hearted wasn't too bad price point wise, though I couldn't tell that they apparently only have a selection of bottles and no tap based off the drink menu I saw.  I might have missed something there though.  My girlfriend had wine, which was good.For food, we ordered the Pesto pizza and the Chicken Shawarma.The pizza was very tasty, though I personally didn't care for the crust.  It's not a bad crust by any means, but it was a little too dense for my liking.  The toppings were very good, and overall it was a pizza I'd order again even though I know the crust won't be great.The shawarma is what I was really interested in, and it was a very nice portion of grilled/sliced chicken breast over some rice with a couple of grilled vegetables and a little hummus.  It also came with some pita and a little side of yogurt sauce.  The chicken was seasoned well, and definitely came across my palate like what I'm used to with shawarma.  I think they could spice it up a little more and add a tad more lemon, but that's just my personal take.  The vegetables were very tasty, but I'm used to getting more veggies with a shawarma like this one.  Same with the hummus.  These two aspects of the dish were far too small and need to be a bit bigger if they're going to give someone a complete experience from start to finish.  I found myself cutting the vegetables into smaller and smaller pieces so that I could make them last, and I barely used the hummus since it was a small dollop.  The rice is good, but it dominates the plate in a 'this will fill you up' kind of way.  Maybe that makes this dish more affordable to serve, but it was disappointing to have a plate of rice and chicken rather than a more complete shawarma set up.  The pita was good, but I couldn't tell if it was made in-house or not.  If it is, it would be a nice touch to have it served warm instead of cold and not very pliable.  I'm used to eating with bread when I eat something like this too, and the bread didn't hold up too well.  So, for an americanized version of the Shawarma from an Italian-Arab run restaurant in the Great White North...it wasn't bad.  Definitely not the worst, but Dearborn,MI  shawarmas are MUCH closer to what shawarma lovers want and they're up here in the large portion size northern midwest states too.  Anyway, I would order the shawarma again, but I'll know it's not the real deal.The prices were reasonable, and the tab was definitely something we could do again.  For a pizza, shawarma, and two drinks each it was right at $55.  Now that I write that it seems a little steep, but it really didn't feel like it when we paid...and honestly, it still doesn't.  Middle-of-the-road I suppose.One thing about Bunky's that sets it apart is that it's one of the few restaurants on the eastside that is not a bar-restaurant.  I like a lot of other establishments near Bunky's, but sometimes it's nice to have more of a dining experience rather than a pub experience.  So, it's filling that niche nicely.  I'm sure we'll be back sometime, but with a lot out there to try still...it will probably be a while.
4	My husband went to Bunk's before me and and always raved about how great the food and service was.  When I finally went I was not disappointed.  We had the grilled Salmon and Grilled Shrimp.  The Salmon was amazing and the Shrimp was jumbo with an awesome char.  We weren't expecting it to come with soup or salad so that was definitely a plus.  The Lentil soup is AMAZING and the salad is really good too.  The Entres also come with your choice of either baba ganoush or hummus as well.  (I'm used to paying for EITHER as an appetizer)  so that was also a nice surprise.  As far as price goes, I've paid more and walked away disappointed at other places for the same kind of meal.  They definitely know how to do it right at Bunky's.Lastly, this would have been a 5 star review but I personally didn't feel like there was a lot of options for those who do not eat meat at all (I only got to see the lunch menu). Secondly, and this point doesn't apply for a lot of people, I would much, much, much appreciate a zabihah option so that I could try out some of the other dishes as I am SURE the chicken shwarma sandwich is to die for.With that said, I will be back to try to find more vegetarian/fish options to eat!  I love Bunky's!
5	Originally open in the 1930s, it closed down in the 80s. Teresa and her husband Rachid (he's Moroccan) opened it in 2004 and serve a mix of Mediterranean/Italian food. Very cool and eclectic decor. Teresa mentioned that she got most of her stuff from St.Vinny's and flea markets around Dane county. Especially her basement dining room with lots of strange clothing and boas! I highly recommend their Kabobs and the Chicken Shawarma! yum.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Madison and decided to have dinner here. While my companion had a few criticisms - mostly about the decor  - we both found the food and the service to be fantastic. I am on a gluten-free, vegan diet and I was able to order pasta puttanesca with gluten-free noodles, sans anchovies. It was truly exceptional. Really, truly good!
4	I love Bunky's because of the food and the atmosphere.  It's so nice and cozy--great for a date night (especially if your loved one eats gluten free)!
5	Plenty of vegetarian options for me. Good food and good service!
1	I didn't like the food or the service.
4	We went to Bunky's recently and were pleasantly surprised by how good the food  and atmosphere was.You wouldn't know it from the outside but someone with us stated that she had heard only good things about this restaurant.   We personally really liked the atmosphere inside and were very comfortable and relaxed.   We arrive before they served but they cheerfully welcomed us in and suggested we order some wine while we wait (30min) till serving time.   We were fine with that because we needed to look over the menu and just talk among ourselves.   The service was perfect.  Not rushed and not too long but just right.  Goldilocks service.I ordered the Italian Scolio and our other dishes were a Chicken with Basmati and and Olive pasta dish.   We all loved our food.  Everything was cooked perfectly, tasted delicious and of ample proportions. My dish was 18 and the others were 15.  So plan for these prices.   We got two appetizers of equal good flavor which were 7 and 10 dollars.We found the food to be excellent and the staff professional and pleasant.Thank you Bunky's for a terrific dinner experience.
4	Latest visit was just me and the boy for a quick pizza which was great. Crispy crust, nice sauce - excellent service as always. Past visits included squash ravioli, great red sauce....
5	I love Bunky's. The food is wonderful, the prices are reasonable and the service is (usually) good. I especially appreciate the flexibility of the menu. My father in law is on a strict diet for his heart, Bunky's is one of the few places we can go out to eat. They will prepare almost anything for you based off of dietary needs and what they have on hand. I have run into problems with the service occasionally, but they usually catch their mistakes and make up for them.
3	This place is right down the street from my family's house where I grew up.  It used to be the Atwood Community Center where I spent preschool and many-a-day at their day camps.  So it was a little weird to be sitting in the dining room.Overall this place is solid and a great addition to the neighborhood.   We started our meal with a baba ganouj which actually blew me away.  I wasn't expecting it to be as good as it was.  We also had the filet en croute and the gorgonzola pasta.  The filet was prepared with a rich but heavy /weird sauce that I didn't particular care for.  The gorgonzola pasta had a nice light flavor, in my opinion could have used a little bit more gorgonzola.  Overall good experience and I would steer you toward the Mediterranean items.
4	Super delicious food, although our wait was crazy and the place was packed.  A little disappointed they ran out of their nightly special, but everything else was very good.  A little expensive, but good for a special night out.  They were accommodating for vegetarian requests as well (they added veggies to a pasta dish instead of meat).  Would recommend!
2	I'm giving Bunky's at least 2 stars for now, because I may have ordered something off the menu that's really not their specialty.  First let me start by saying the atmosphere and manager are two very strong points.  I have a gluten allergy which is one of the reasons my partner and I decided to go here and I'm pleased to say that they offer a lot in gluten free.  Don't even bother with the garlic bread however, it's not more than mush and no garlic.  The prices are kinda high so we asked right away if they thought the proportions were big enough for two people and she said, "yes".  But then when it came time to eat it was a small piece of their veggie lasagna and we were only hungrier then when we came in.  You are served a tiny spot of salad(with amazing dressing), a sliver of soggy gluten free garlic bread (for 1.50 extra) and then a small smackerel of lasagna.  The lasagna was very bla.  But like I was saying there are so many other amazing things on the menu like the whole Mediterranean side of the menu.  So overall I was fairly disappointed but willing to give in one more try.
4	Once again I was in one my favorite states Wisconsin, favorite because I love farms in the town Madison one of my favorites because I like Badger hockey and once again Darren, my brother-in-law (BIL) to the north, chose a place for my lovely bride to join him, his lovely bride and his sweet and lovely mother-in-law (MIL), I add sweet because I think most folks get sweeter with age. Anyhow back to the point the point being the restaurant review.The options are just about all Italian or mediterranean though a few seafood items I went Italian and had the Pesto Fettuccine Alfredo and was delicious and it was a good sized serving. I also had their minestrone soup and though it good as well.My lovely bride had the gluten free version of the Lasagna and was very pleased which means a bunch because since she joined all the "I'm a GFer" society she has been quite picky and has not given many thumbs up on the GF stuff. As for my brother-in-law I be darn if I remember what he nor his sweet and lovely MIL had but I do recall one of them had the ravioli of the day and since nobody called for our server i'm assuming they enjoyed it. My BIL's lovely bride had the same as me and since she was to my right I could recall her saying it was very good.The service was excellent but my BIL new her quite well but she's been in the food service industry for quite awhile as the so-so servers don't make a career of it, so I think the excellent service was the norm and not just for my BIL's guest.I usually don't mention much about decor in my reviews because I'm not really in to decor but when I like rally like the decor I mention it and mention it as Bunky's though small, it was comfy more of a family reunion dining room thing .So as we go out the door I have to confess that I'm not a' fan' and that is only because I went there once and to say your a fan is like saying I'm a fan of some celeb you think is a jerk but you meet them and say 'hi' to you you suddenly become a fan. But I have to say Bunky's was definitely better then A-OK let's say the 4 star meaning is "It was really good!"
2	Sadly, this once excellent restaurant  seems to be sliding, at least as far as service is concerned. This used to be a very friendly and accommodating place, hosted by the gracious co-owner Theresa. But, on my most recent visit, she was not there, and the manager was most ungracious, in my opinion. My dining companion ordered the steamed mussels, which came cold--when he complained, the waitress promised a new, hot serving, but that never came, and the waitress disappeared. Instead, the manger came over, and proceeded to insinuate that my friend was lying to get an extra portion!  Instead of the promised mussels, we got very mini tiramisu. We will not return, and will advise our friends to avoid it too; the prices are high for what they serve, as is the noise level. Too bad they seem unconcerned about losing good customers.
2	Always enjoyed this neighborhood staple but something has changed. Took friends there for what turned out to be  a very disappointing meal. Over $100 for 4 adults (no alcohol, beverages or dessert and a shared appetizer) Biggest problem was poor quality of the entrees which were ALL dry and really over cooked. I could barely slice my lamb which was cooked down to cardboard and ended up leaving it uneaten on my plate. Some of the entrees were charred black - and not in a nice just-off-the-grill way - but they were sent out of the kitchen and merrily served to us without comment.  Did complain to the manager - but stressed i wasn't trying to get something for free. She brought us a small dessert with 4 forks which was nice but didn't exactly ease the memory of our poor quality meals. On the upside the hummus and stuffed grape leaves were good.  Still, I won't be back again.
5	We used Bunky's catering for our wedding ceremony and I could not be happier.  Teresa and Rachid were absolutely outstanding from start to finish with the food and their service.  They gave us an outstanding menu and kept within our budget, gave us great cost cutting tips (like purchasing old china rather than renting new plates) and their food was the highlight of the reception for our guests (just like we wanted).  I cannot recommend them enough!
4	What a delightful restaurant!  I was immediately struck by the adorbs decor.  It's like walking into your eclectic friend's apartment, or you know...a hip grandma or something.  In a good way!  They've got vintage mirrors hanging on the wall, and they had their Christmas tree decorated with empty picture frames hooked on the tree limbs.  Just makes you wanna go, "awwwww."The menu is kind of bizarre.  When they say mediterranean and italian food, I'd say it's a bit heavier on the med. side, but I'm not complaining!  I had the lamb skewers with rice, grilled veggies, and pita with hummus.  Super tasty.  The lamb had a punch of spices and flavor.  There was a cool cucumber sauce to dip the lamb in which soothed the spice and was a fabulous combination.  I wish I knew how to make rice like they do.  I'd eat it all the time.  The vegetables were fire roasted and are a wonderful take on your ordinary side dish.  You could really taste the smokiness, just like you had grilled them at a back yard bbq. I finished the meal with a cannoli.  They have chocolate and plain.  Even the plain comes with chocolate chips in the ricotta filling, which is simply divine.  Excellent dessert options.  I highly recommend trying one.We went at about 3pm on a Saturday; however, during peak dinner hours you need reservations.  Let me repeat this.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!  We came on a Saturday night at 7pm one time, and was told the wait time was one hour and 45 minutes. Yep.  Plan ahead peeps.
5	This. Place. Is. Awesome.I was visiting Madison with a large group, including one vegan friend. It was difficult for her to find establishments where she could eat, but this was not a problem at Bunky's. I ordered the veggie lasagna, and it was incredibly good. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals as well, as all of the food was quickly devoured.In addition, the servers were SO attentive to the 8 of us! I was very impressed with their level of service and wished we had been in town longer so we could have eaten another meal there!
4	We moved here from Minneapolis after years of being gone from our alma mater.  Old enough to remember Bunky's as a seedy nightclub near Regent, but young enough to enjoy AWESOME food in its new location on Atwood.We've tried many things - not one meal has been anything but wonderful.  Favorite is their mediterranean sampler, you get to try a little of everything, and the price is right ($11.95).  Pizza is really good (not great), but the pastas are incredible.  Try the Puttanesca - one of the best interpretations I've had.  My daughter is gluten-free, they do a really admirable job of making a lot of their menu available as gluten-free without any noticeable decline in quality, thanks to RP's Pasta and Silly Yak.Nice atmosphere, nice wine list, prices are decent, it's totally charming, and yummy.  Love the mash-up of Italian and middle-eastern.  TRY THIS PLACE!
4	My fiancee and I tried this place before going to see a band at the Barrymore.  We did not have a reservation and it was prime-time on a Saturday night and though they were busy, they were able to seat us in just about 20 minutes.  There isn't a bar to wait in but you can order wine and enjoy that while you wait in the hall.  All the patrons exiting insisted it was worth the wait and they were right!From the opening bread through the Italian salad and entree, the meal was incredibly savory and satisfying.  I had the meat lasagna and my fiancee had the meat kabob.    Both were fantastic washed down with Chianti and though we should have taken home leftovers, we were hard pressed not to finish the generous portions served.The service was good, the atmosphere lively and the food exquisite.  I would definitely recommend this neighborhood gem but I would recommend making a reservation as the seating is limited.
1	Restaurant rules 101: If you are a manager, do not tell a table to hurry up and order "because this table is pre-booked." Just don't. I met my mom and her work friends at Bunky's this evening. We were waiting for two more people to show before we ordered dinner.  We ordered two appetizers and a few people had ordered wine as well, so we weren't just sitting there.The manager told us that we needed to order soon as the table was pre-booked. Soon after, the remaining two arrived, but he proceeded to evil eye us the whole night. That is why Bunky's is getting a one star review right now.If a party is waiting on more people to show up before ordering, then either give yourself some cushion in table reservation scheduling, or have a policy of not seating parties until all members show up.To be fair, the squash cake appetizers were very good, as were the green beans.  The ambiance was super cute (warm glowy, with old people photographs and old lady kitsch all around), albeit the energy was tense (Gee, I wonder why).The lentil soup was outstanding. So much so that I'd go back for it, even if management did leave a bad taste in my mouth. Pun intended. Entree: I ordered Tina's Pasta which is smoked salmon, fettuccine, sun-dried tomatoes with a dill cream sauce. Sounded good on paper, failed to deliver in real life. Tried the hummus. Nice texture. That's where it ends. Wants for more lemon. I'll admit that living in Lebanon has made me choosy in the hummus department, but still...I had a hunch about Bunky's concept of Italian and Mediterranean under one roof. I was right. I've seen other restaurants try to execute disparate cuisines. It never works. Just pick one and do it well, don't try to cover Italy, the Levant and North Africa on one menu. You don't get your sushi where you get your cheese curds. Don't get your falafel where you get your puttanesca. The end.
5	This is the second New Year's eve I have celebrated by going to Bunky's.  The place never stops amazing me and satisfying me every time I go.  The very attentive staff,  wonderful atmoshepre and incredible food make for a nice evening.I had Tina's Pasta with a great wine (Apothic) and a decadent slice of tiramisu for desert.  Tina's pasta is a blend of dill, pasta, sun dried tomatoes, and salmon in a light sauce.  The dish arrived steaming hot and from the first taste was nothing but incrediable. The dill wa snot overpowering and only added to teh tomatoes and the salmon, which just melted in your mouth.Th entree came with a choice of salad and soup, and i picked teh seafood bisque, whcih was also very good.  It was a great combintion of tomato and fish, and was not at all too 'fishy".The tiramisu itslef is worth the visit.  I am not a fan of tiramisu normally, as I usually find the lady fingers too soggy or way too coffee flavored.  This was the perfect combination of espresso soaked lady fingers, chocolate, and whip cream.  In concert with the coffeee, it was perfection.My server, Eric, was very attentive, polite and very helpful in choosing my entree. I enjoyed my meal and look forward to going back.  The host very was attentive and polite as well and made thw experinece very pleasant, from the greeting to the thank you on my way out. This will now be my New Year's Eve tradition.Thank you.
4	Beautiful, intimate restaurant with delicious food. For the price, I was concerned by how much food we might get but it was worth every penny. Their lentil soup to start was like great home cooking, hearty and had you begging for more. My boyfriend and I had their veal and sage ravioli and the pesto fettuccine alfredo. Everything was spectacular in taste and portion. The server was so timely with water and meal service. We were so pleased with our time at Bunky's we decided to end with dessert. Their tiramisu and cannolis were awesome. I can't wait till the next time we can go back because when we left we wanted to walk right back in!
5	I'm confused by the reviews on here which sort of run the gamut, perhaps 2008 was just a bad year? 2013?Delish. Just. Delish. I've been twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner and I thoroughly enjoyed both experiences. The menu is extensive, and I sort of ignored the Italian and went straight for the Mediterranean which I feel is lacking in Madison. The chicken kabobs and beef kabobs are EXCELLENT. They have incredible flavor and are extremely juicy for something that probably gets grilled on super high heat. The veggies that come alongside both are also pretty great. Start with the lentil soup. Just do it. I can't even describe the amazingness that awaits you when you go that route instead of the salad, but my dining bud seemed to enjoy that, so maaaaaaybe you're ok with either starter. I don't feel like it's Mediterranean unless someone orders falafel. The appetizer portion is perfect for two to share. They're crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside and didn't seem to be dripping with oil. I love the interior... the coziness, the quirkiness, the tables by the window, the staff... I'm pretty much sold. Lunch prices are reasonable, dinner a bit more spendy.
5	When Shish Cafe and then Palymyra closed, I found myself in a dark - very dark, Mediterranean food-less - place. I would try grape leaves here or there only to be turned off by texture, vinegar content or freshness. I still ate hummus, but I had lost my enthusiasm. I longed for babaganoush I could be excited about, a tabouli that wasn't an overdone cucumber fest, a fresh frickin pita.And then something amazing happened. I threw a tub of Bunky's hummus in my cart while shopping for kombucha and hemp milk at the co-op (because if you are going to live in Madison, *live* in Madison). Dear God. What did they put in there??? I ate tub after tub after tub. I told everyone I knew. I learned that Bunky's was a real place and I could go to there.So I went. And, for me - in that moment, everything changed. The sun shone a little brighter. The children smiled a little bigger. The birds chirped a little louder.How adorable is the interior of this cozy place? How sweet are the people working there? How un-f-ing-believable are their grape leaves? How did Madison get away with keeping this secret from me for so long?Bunky's saved me. Bunky's can save you too.
5	I wanted to order the special but decided to go with something from the menu for my first visit to Bunky's. The lamb kabob was great. Nice pieces of lamb seared and cooked to perfection. Perfect rice, delicious roasted peppers and onions, the best hummus I've ever tasted. The service was great and the ambience was delightful. I ignored this restaurant for years because of its name. :) And, we're west siders. Bunky's is definitely worth a trip to the east side. If you're going right at 5 for dinner, you should be fine, but anything after 5:30, you should definitely make a reservation.
3	We had a reservation for 4 on a weeknight at 7p and the place was very busy.  Great decor, enjoyed the ambiance.  We were seated quickly but had a long wait for a server and finally the manager came to take our drink order.  He did a fine job serving the wine but then it was a very long wait for the server.  She was very friendly but was a bit forgetful.  We never got our bread, service time was very slow.  We had no where to be so it was ok, but would be annoying if we had something to attend afterward.  The food was DELICIOUS.  That would be why I would definitely go back.  I was looking forward to falafel but unfortunately they were sold out but the chicken kabob was delish.  Again, a long wait to deal with the check.
5	We had a great experience here tonight! 10 of us went to have spaghetti on the board and when we got there they didn't have our reservation but found a way to seat us and just gave great service all around the whole meal. We had a lot of fun eating the spaghetti off the table and it was very affordable. Overall would recommend!!!
5	Absolutely love everything.  Especially the lentil soup, baked cheese, chicken shawarma, the Bunky's pasta, and chocolate cake!  I've eaten here a lot if you can't tell. :)  Great waitstaff and very unique/cozy interior.  Good for families or a date!
5	Have had their food at meetings recently...so good!  Portabello ravioli is to die for!
3	Cute little place. Menu has an interesting mix of options, both Mediterranean and Italian...Enjoyed my lamb kabob...baba gnoush and cheese appetizers...Would visit again...
5	Hummuslicious!  A new word in the Webster Dictionary.Definition: A delicious, scrumptious, tongue licking, mouth savoring dish made by Bunky's Cafe.  Hummus has basic ingredients but everytime I try Bunky's Hummus it is always better than anything store bought, hands down.  We picked up Bunky's last night for Concerts on the Square.  Fantastic grilled lemon chicken, baba ghanoush, pita bread, salad with a tangy salad dressing, grilled flatbreads and a perfect finale of baklava.  Can't wait to go back and enjoy the rest of the menu!
3	Good food.
5	I cannot speak highly enough about Bunky's! I worked mainly with Teresa to cater our wedding reception, and from the moment thatwe  booked them to the day of the wedding, she was helpful, friendly, and very organized with all the details. She worked really hard to find us a menu that fit within our budget without compromising on quality. Speaking of the food....she uses food that is primarily local, organic, and homemade, and it was incredible! We had the grilled tenderloin steak, chicken, and veggie kabobs along with a portabella mushroom ravioli in an amazing marinara cream sauce, the Italian house salad, and freshly baked rolls. Literally everything they served was superb, and we had countless guests come up to us to specifically to tell us that it was the best wedding food they had ever had! It was especially cool that Teresa and her husband, Rachid, grilled the meat right on site (we were married at Schuster's Farm), so that really added to the fun ambiance of the day.  They also have really unique add-on options such as using their "funky plates," which are a collection of neat china that she has collected over the years. The staff was also incredible and very friendly. They helped out with other aspects of the wedding, such as helping us serve appetizers and dessert that we brought ourselves. They all seemed genuinely happy to be there celebrating with us. Our wedding really was a perfect day and Bunky's made even that much more amazing! I would recommend Bunky's without a moment's hesitation, and I can't wait to visit their restaurant again to eat more of their delicious food!
4	Bunky's has been on our to-do list for a while now and we finally made the long trek over to the east side to check it out. There was no parking available in their small lot -- always a good sign -- so blinded by looking directly into the west-setting sun, we found a spot across the street and strolled in. The eclectic decor reminded me somewhat of a diner, coffee shop and Italian cafe, all rolled into one. The toasted bread with melted butter, Parmesan and fresh herbs was a nice touch for table sharing. My chicken marka was divine -- the peppers, onions, chicken and tomatoes fed off each other while the portion size fed me to perfection. The kids were happy with their pasta dishes -- my sampling found the meatballs to be juicy and perfect, but the tomato sauce to be a touch on the bland side. My wife had the Mediterranean combo; I sampled grape leaves and hummus and they were splendid -- cool options for a hot summer day. Bunky's does it right -- friendly staff, sunny dining room, well-fed customers with a sunny disposition. I've used sunny too much, haven't I, Sonny? Time to make like a grape leaf and wrap up. Out.
5	TEN DOLLARS!TEEEEEEEEEEEN DOLLARRRRRRRS!Next time you have ten bucks in your wallet, aim for Bunky's STAT and pick up any one of the several lunch options that adorns their two sided menu. This place not only has delicious offerings in a cozy settings, but it's consistent, the sign of a well run kitchen/front of house. I made the mistake of breezing past the dessert case today, all of which are handmade in house. Holy tiramisu batman! Seriously, I don't know why more people aren't pulling up a chair at this joint. Great stuff on Madison's east side where we're overrun with burgers and Asian.
3	The decor is great. The service was good. The food is locally sourced and fresh. Pasta is made fresh. We wanted to love bunky's, but we found everything to be a bit bland. The hummus. The falafel. Spaghetti and meatballs. Lamb. The meal was disappointing because we hoped for more. I'll go back with a group one more time to Try their spaghetti on a board.
5	This is an AWESOME place to eat.  The owners are so friendly and welcoming, the food is DELICIOUS (lentil soup, hummus, and tiramisu...to die for)!
4	I'm a regular at Bunky's and am finally getting around to giving them the Yelp review they so rightfully deserve. First off, mixing Mediterranean and Italian is a stroke of genius. The ambiance just makes me happy ~ tons of gorgeous mirrors and antique photos and mismatched chairs and varying sets of dishes and the bathroom.........ADORABLE!!! The service is always really good, very consistent. On to the food... The food is super great! Seriously, love the food! I've had it all, or most of it anyway, the spaghetti & meatballs, the pizza, the salmon, the shrimp, the kafta kabob, the beef kabob, the lentil soup, the Italian salad.....OMG! I love it all! You can't go wrong. Except to not go. So go to Bunky's, go soon! Eat the food, visit the adorable bathroom, enjoy yourselves. You'll be glad you did.
4	Haven't had a meal this satisfying in awhile! The penne gorgonzola is not to be missed! Hummus was also very good, though I like a bit more lemon in mine... Friendly service, and the kind of cute, nostalgic decor that makes a place feel warm inside! And there's an organic chianti on the menu! Highly recommend.
4	My cousin raved about this place so we had to try it. It is a cute and unique little place. The lentil soup was decent. My boyfriend really liked it, I found the texture strange but I think I'm just not into lentils.I had the beef sandwich. The meat was so flavorful. I asked for no peppers. I didn't realize it came with tons of onions. Once I picked them off the sandwich was great.They have some different beers you wouldn't normally see too which was good.I can't say I'd go back out of preferences but I would recommend to others as a good place to try for something different.
1	I hate giving a low score review to a mom and pop place, but I write critical reviews in the hope that places like this improve their operations. This was my third visit over the years to Bunky's. I thought the food was unique and adequate so we planned to go there for our annual Christmas family outing especially since our daughter from Kansas City is vegetarian. We arrived on time and were barely acknowledged. We were finally seated after a 5 minute wait. Our server was asked what she recommended and she told us that she had started 6 days ago and had never eaten there. The server needed training. She didn't appear when we needed something. For our party of six, the meal finally came and the last entree was delayed. We were not sure why since it was a pasta dish. Now on to the quality of food. The lamb was tough, the beef was tough. The seafood pasta dish was no big creative endeavor. We cook much better at home. It is an Italian restaurant and we had to ask for Parmesan. Overall we dumped two hours. I am not a beer or wine drinker so that was a very long time to wait for me to get a real cocktail after dinner.The atmosphere is nice. There is only one shared restroom and when I left it there was a line of 4 waiting to use it.Bunky made our family funky.
2	I'm sorry, but this food is not very good.  I've never seen Yelp reviews so far off the mark. In all fairness, I only ordered from the Mediterranean menu, so maybe the Italian dishes are the way to go.  But I sampled 8 items, so I think I can write an educated review.  I ordered the lentil soup, because it was recommended over and over again in the Yelp reviews.  Awful.  You know how those State Street middle eastern restaurants smell?  That's how this soup tastes.  Over-seasoned, over-purreed (did not see an actual lentil), and stinky.  Every person at my table mentioned the bad smell.  I moved onto the Mediterranean plate (the entree).  Here's the breakdown:- Tabouli: Inedible.  Soaking in salt and vinegar, tasted like pickle juice.- Grape leaves: Inedible.  Tasted like tobacco!- Baba Ganouj: Inedible.  Not sure why.  Just tasted awful.- Falafel: Okay, but I've had better at the Great Dane.  That tells you something.- Hummus:  Passable, but this cannot be the best in Madison (as the other reviews say).  I can go into Whole Foods and blindly choose any hummus and it would be better.- Tahini dip:  No flavor!  It literally tasted like water, if that makes any sense.- Pita slices: Nothing special.And at $13.95, it was overpriced as well.  Should have been under ten bucks.I've been a vegetarian for over half of my life, so these foods are not new to me.Oh, the bread was good.
2	Cute decor but way overpriced for what you get...having eaten many a Mediterranean meal before moving to Madison, the flavors disappointed.  Pita tasted store bought and hummus was bland.  The taziki was very thin and also lacking in flavor.  While it wasn't a bad meal it wasn't good enough for a return visit.  I also thought it was a bit unusual to ask for the specials and instead of telling me, the waiter handed me his notes.  A hummus app, two kabob meals and a root beer (salad and soup were not included in the meal as we thought we read in the menu) came to $48.  Nice staff but overall a disappointing meal.
5	The food is authentic and fantastic!! All the entree's and apps I've had here have been superior quality. But I HIGHLY recommended the Chicken Shawarma dinner--it is AMAZINGGG!!!! Best I've ever had!
5	Bunky's is one of those places on the near east side (Atwood Ave) that is typical for the near east side.  While the West Side is home of souless chains and a few good localy owned places, the near east side is home almost exclusively to locally owned places, where even the ones owned by corporations are still locally owned (Food Fignt, for example).The inside is eclectic, not corporate.  The staff (owners) know the regulars.  And the food is really good.  I don't just mean well prepared (although it is) and I don't mean served reasonably fast and hot (although it is).  What I mean is you take a bite and you go - that is good.  I mean take notice and say wow.  Starting from the begining, the lentil soup is very fine, but what I noticed was the side salad.  Every piece of was dressed properly.  No little tub of dressing on the side, intstead each ingredient had been tossed and coated with dressing, as it should.  And the dressing was great.  You just don't get that type of service in most places.Lunch was Chicken Shwarma and Lamb Kabobs.  Both well prepared and delicious.  And do not forget deserts - large, homemade and great on their own.I first was going to give Bunky's a four star review.  Inside was a little cold, and it just struck me as a really nice place for lunch or dinner.  Very fine for a date.But than I thought back to the food, and my first reaction - which was wow, this is really good.  And then everything was good.Well worth going to, and I will be back
5	Bunky's is my favorite restaurant. I have been there many times and have always had a delicious meal and great service. Their Pesto Pizza is definitely my favorite pizza in town. I also love the Meat Lasagna, the Bunky's Pasta, the Pesto Fettuccine Alfredo and the Chicken Shawarma. The dressing on their side salad is delightfully bright with wonderful garlic flavor. Lots of gluten free options and save room for dessert.
1	Sadly last night was a night to forget and bury.  All my prior meals and take out from Bunky's were whisked away with the bad food and service we received.    For a not so busy night, our waitress was consistently "gone", the food took forever to arrive and then once it came we had to wait 5 minutes for plates to eat off of.  Our dish was supposed to be a delicious seafood dish to share for two.  Instead it was a rubbery overcooked fish trio.  Even the shrimp and the bread were bad.  The salmon and mahi were burnt, the only good part was the rice, hummus and grape leaves.  After the waitress checked in our meal and I said the fish didn't taste good at all she apologized and never asked again, no manager, nothing.  I couldn't wait to get out of there.  My husband had to console me at Monty's down the street with pecan pie and hot coffee.
3	Ok.  So I had a bad experience.  So what happened next?Bunky's wants to make it right and I give them credit for that.  They contacted me, spoke to me on the phone, apologized and want me to come back.  It's not easy saying something you did was not right or great, so kudos, Bunky's.  Not every business owner would do that.  I'll update my review once I'm back.
5	THE BEST OF MADISON - hands down.Bunky's is my favorite restaurant in Madison - so much that I have been known to go there alone if I need to in order to get my fix.  My favorites are the Chicken Shawarma, the pasta with the chipotle sauce that has a little kick to it, the humus and best of all the desserts!!!  I love the staff (my personal favorite is Margaret).  The place is adorably decorated and the owner cares so much about delivering a beautiful experience for every customer.  I would highly recommend you visit Bunkys - you will not be disappointed.PS)  I hesitate to tell you this because I want to make sure there is some left for me but the tiramisu and the peanut butter pie are the best I have ever had - and my husband and I are a bit of dessert junkys.
2	I had heard Bunkys was a great restaurant with decent prices and an eclectic atmosphere. Well I was disappointed to find the food fairly average and prices high.  Atmosphere great, service was ok. Weird vibe from owners. I really don't understand the rave reviews here.  The two entrees were acceptable but not noteworthy by any means. I prefer great food over ambience.  Some must like it the other way around.
4	Ah! How is it possible for Madison to have so many great lunch spots that are cozy and delicious and have specials that cost $10 or less?! It's enough to make a gal consider a move to the polar vortex...Not really, but I am awfully happy that I get the opportunities to eat all this deliciousness.You guys, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma lunch plate that came with enough marinated chicken breasts roasted slowly with vegetables for, um, 3 meals? It was a lot of food, so much so that I got to the point where I was full, but it looked like I hadn't made a dent in my plate. The chicken was also served with rice and hummus and pita and for an extra $1.50 I added some of the best lentil soup I've had in recent memory.All that and lovely service AND a baked goods display that made me start getting all drool-y just upon first glance? Phew, Bunky's. You are definitely my jam. Looking forward to seeing you again soon!xoxo,Tiffany
3	I've eaten at Bunky's several times over the last few years, and it's usually pretty good. But dinner on Friday night was disappointing. I have eaten lunch there more than dinner, and feel like dinner is far too expensive. I opted for the cheapest thing on the dinner menu (Spaghetti & Meatballs for $10.95) and was shocked by how little I got at that price point. A pretty small portion of spaghetti and TWO meatballs?! Everyone at the table exclaimed the same thing at the same time - "ONLY TWO MEATBALLS?!" It tasted very good, but maybe up the number of meatballs? They were a good size, but still. Come on. I am a small person with a pretty small appetite, and this did not fill me up.Even worse was my friend's Chicken Marka. Again, it tasted very good..but was $14.95 for what wasn't a very large amount.The food took about 20 minutes to arrive, which was fine because it was a busy Friday night. Our server was also nice, but shamed us when we wanted the bill (between four people) divided. She informed us that their system was "old school" and she'd have to void things and ring up everything again. Well that sucks, but it is not the customer's fault! The place is nicely decorated and romantic and accessible. And it's local and they use good ingredients. And yeah, it's awesome that they have gluten-free options. But I'd urge you to eat lunch there, because dinner is not worth your hard-earned dollars.
4	We went there for dinner last night. Nice location on Atwood in Madison's eclectic Wiilie Street neighborhood. Decor of restaurant kind of matches the funky neighborhood. You kind feel like you're dining in someone's converted house...vintage framed family photos around, mixed - matched tables and chairs...ancient kitchen tools and advertising hang about. The comfortable setting was perfect for the Mediterranean and Italian comfort food that soon arrived. We ordered a vegetarian appetizer sampler that included a fantastic baba ganoush, my favorite of the many versions I've had; tabouli, excellent hummus, falafel and tahini. It was more than enough quantity for two people. Almost enough for the meal...I ordered a very hearty cioppino - fisherman's stew - that was loaded with shrimp, salmon, whitefish and a few veggies - in a thick spicy, tomato broth. Wonderful choice. I was full after a few bites...more for the next day. My partner ordered the the chicken kabobs with rice...an excellent choice. Plenty of leftovers.Freshness of ingredients, great flavors, very large selection of Mediterranean foods and great service made for the perfect evening. There are also many gluten-free options: gf pizza crust, gf pastaExcellent beer selection...
5	This place is just awesome.Bunky's will make you feel like you are sitting down for dinner at your grandma's house. The restaurant itself is pretty small- it can get kind of difficult to squeeze between the tables when it gets really crowded. Service was great.Food is excellent- everything is perfectly cooked. Super comforting & delicious. Dessert is the star though. SO good.
4	It's good.  I thought it was on the right track.   Everything was solid.  Deviled eggs, chick sandwich and komboocha tea. Nothing blew my mind,  I'll go back and see what the evening vibe is like.  Glad to have it in the neighborhood.
4	I wish there was a place where swimming pools were filled with Bunky's hummus. I would lap around luxuriously all day in the smooth perfection and never ever leave.GET THE FALAFEL PLATE. It comes with this perfect tahini-rich hummus and tabouli. Considering I would give my first born for this hummus in the right situation, this meal has some great value.
5	The only problem with writing a review is I will probably be so hungry that I have to go now. That's actually not a bad thing. Excellent vegetarian dishes. Reservations highly recommended because they are that good. Elevator available for wheel chairs. Falafels are incredible. Ravioli, oh I would love some of their cheese Ravioli , now.
3	Different from all the reviews, my experience  was not that great! Food was over pricey, over rated! I would say they must concentrate on one cuisine rather than having everything on the menu. Also, the name says 'cafe', for it to be a cafe, the food and prices is inappropriate. I would suggest it must concentrate on being good at one rather than being all over the place.
3	Interesting experience with Bunky's. First trip here was AMAZING. Had Tina's Pasta and thought it was as good as pasta dishes I had in Rome. My wife had the ravioli of the day and that was also delicious. Second trip - not nearly as impressed. Particularly my wife's dish which she sent back. Seafood was freezer burned tasting and like it'd been microwaved. Haven't tried their Mediterranean yet though.
5	We went to Bunky's cafe after seeing favorable reviews in the Madison magazine.  The wait staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  I never felt rushed and the food came in a reasonable amount of time, even with the restaurant being full.  I ordered the falafel platter (falafel, tabouli, yogurt sauce, hummus and pita) which was excellent.  I also ordered the lentil soup, which was incredible. Definitely get it.  My girlfriend ordered the tabouli salad with falafel and she very much enjoyed it.  One thing to note, the pop comes in cans so I doubt there are free refills.  We will be returning here again.
5	We've eaten in Bunky's restaurant several times and always thought it delicious. This summer, however, Bunky's catered our daughter's wedding and five stars simply are not enough to say how pleased we were by their wonderful meal and service. My daughter chose a variety of Italian and Mediterranean comfort food, served buffet style on their Funky Bunky mix of vintage china. Each dish was as good as the next and guests lined up for seconds, of which there was plenty. On top of good food, owner Teresa went out of her way to be super helpful. She even surprised us with lunch when we were decorating the hall the day before the wedding!
5	My wife and I moved to Madison (from DC) on Tuesday August 26th. We tried Bunky's Cafe for dinner on Thursday August 28th since its only a couple blocks away. I wish we had gone sooner. We had tried to go in for lunch that day but they were closed (no worries) we said we'll come back for dinner. I'm so glad we did. We decided to order the cornish hen with potatoes and sausage topped with a mushroom jus (chef's special). It was amazing! We were half tempted to lick our plates clean. Luckily Peggy our amazing waitress helped us to preserve our social graces and brought us bread. If the restaurant had been a little more empty we totally would have licked the plates.  We finished our dinner one slice of PB & Choc cake and one slice of caramel toffee cheesecake. We couldn't have asked for a better first dinner out in Madison. Also huge bonus for us was everything could be prepared gluten free or came gluten free, even the cheesecake.
3	Decent Eastside spot serving both Mediterranean  and Italian (I know.. Italy IS Mediterranean but..). I appreciated it's Madison roots from the old Greenbush neighborhood and the decor gives you that feeling. We went for dinner on a Friday night with no reservations. They keep half the floor for walk-ins (nice).I will almost always get a Lamb Kebab at places like this and I did with the added salad for $1.50 (small and arrives dressed). I was surprised when the lamb arrived and it wasn't chunks of lamb on a skewer but slices of lamb with grill marks. It was tasty enough but a kebab? No! There was a paucity of green peppers and onions as well. (one each). I expected more for the price. The lamb was served with hummus (very good) and rice.  The Spousal Unit took on the large serving of Chicken Picata on pasta (one of the specials) and a small soup. She liked both. We had no problem finishing a bottle of decent Chianti.I can see why Madisonians like Bunky's. It's cozy, neighborhoody, not flashy,  and serves something other than burgers and brats. They clearly care about their food but nothing too fancy or fussy. Definitely worth checking out for non-corporate Mediterranean (including Italian) food. It was good. A-OK.
3	I can see why you might like this place if it was down the street from your house. The hostess was welcoming and warm and explained they keep half of the place for walk-ins. that was lucky for us as we came in hungry on a cold night with no reservations.The decor is homey (kitchy) and the service was attentive and friendly.The food was fine. I had a chicken piccata special which was very tasty with plenty of capers and lemon beurre blanc on tender chicken fillets. this - served on a bed on angel hair pasta mixed with artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes. Very nicely done. The special tomato bisque soup with goat cheese was good too.But really - nothing rang any bells. The bread was boring. The salad that my husband had was extra boring.There is a dessert case and many of them are made in house. I would like to return and try some of the cakes.But as I do not live in that "hood, that desire may not be great enough to pull me back to a place that is pretty much just OK.
5	Bunky's giving back to the community.Thank you to the wonderful owners of Bunky's Cafe who supported Madison Reading Project this past weekend by hosting our fundraiser.  Guests enjoyed their delicious brunch; fluffy scrambled eggs, rosemary potatoes, chicken breakfast sausage, fruit salad, hummus and more.  Attendees loved the fun and comfortable atmosphere and are excited to come back for dinner to try more of their food.  The owner's helped out throughout the event.  Thank you for all of your hard work, time and effort.  Business owners helping out their own neighborhood gets an A+ from me.
4	This place is very good! I usually get lunch here. I have to say it is a great place to bring your family. It can be pretty pricey, but it is still worth the trip!
5	Fantastic food, fantastic staff, and fantastic decor.I was really surprised when we walked in and there was no one there but us the whole time, but...we were there around 3:30 for a late lunch/early dinner, and they were setting up for two big parties. We sat down and took in the very cozy decor, all antiques which I am in love with. Our waiter was great, as well as another employee who came by and apologized for the noise (which none of really noticed) as they were setting up tables for the parties that were coming in later on in the evening.Two of us started off with a Samuel Smith Organic Cider, and Hummus with warm Pita bread, which was great. I ended up getting the Penne Gorgonzola...what sold me on my choice? In the description it said...'Blue Cheese lovers unit' Hands down possibly the best pasta I've gotten from a restaurant ever. Tasted very authentic, and very fresh. We ended our meal by splitting the Pumpkin Cheesecake...to die for, really. Everything I ate here, and experience at Bunky's is all hands down great. Can't wait to stop in again.
5	I'm on a four to five star review binge, but they're all deserving, and Bunky's is no exception.Came here on a Saturday at around 3 for an early dinner and the place was dead. The hostess was sweet as pie and informed us that they were switching over to their dinner menu. It's quite large, with a mix between Italian and Mediterranean fare, but was not overwhelming in the slightest.To start, we ordered a hummus appetizer, and it was so incredibly good - served with warm pieces of soft, airy and delicious pieces of pita. Ugh, I'm eating some store brand hummus and crackers as I type this, and they've got nothin' on Bunky's.I set my eyes on one of Bunky's staples: Bunky's Pasta. It's loaded with chicken, mushrooms, broccoli, onions and farfalle noodles. It's mixed with the most mouthwatering creamy marinara sauce. The sauce was sweet and the plate savory, and all worked well together to create a cohesive dish.I know that Bunky's has some funky hours, but please make time to stop in when they're open. You will be glad you did.
4	Food is unique and very tasty. Good selection of gluten free options ( if you're into that) . Service is great but  can be rather slow as the place packs rather quick. Expect to take your time eating here but the food is well worth the wait.
5	I have eaten at Bunky's many times over the past few years and every time it has been wonderful. In November we held a surprise birthday party in the party room downstairs and it was incredible.  I loved the eclectic decor and the food was top notch! The owners personally catered and served our meals with extreme professionalism. The entire party raved about the excellent food. The butternut ravioli was a huge hit, and our family has yearned for it many times since. The only bad thing is, it is a seasonal dish! BOO! I would like that option year round, but alas, we shall wait until next fall (eagerly) to enjoy that deliciousness once again.Tonight we dined in again for another family birthday, hoping to recreate the last celebratory meal we were served by Bunky's.  While the menu was different since our last visit, everything was incredible. I enjoyed being forced to explore other options that their vast menu offers and changes, seasonally. If you are looking for a quick meal to scarf down, this is not the ideal place to visit. Bunky's offers a REAL Italian dining experience. It is slow, delicious, and enjoyable. From the atmosphere, pleasant staff, beautiful  decor to the fabulous food. Bring a friend or loved one you wish to actually enjoy a long, leisurely, and mouth watering meal with. Bunky's will certainly deliver!
3	3.5.  Really liked the atmosphere of Bunky's. Home-like with wood floors and kitschy decor, the place is warm and inviting. Sound absorbing panels on the ceiling really help keep the noise level under control despite being packed full of people on a Friday night.At 6pm on Friday I thought we would have beaten the crowd! Nope. It was about a 45 minute wait - plenty of time for me to regret not having made a reservation (which they do take). We started with the falafel, which was good, and the hummous, which I didn't love.  Complimentary french bread is served and was a bit dry for my taste. There were plenty of vegetarian options; I certainly enjoyed the okra dish which was like a tomato based stew. Entrees ranged from $15+ for dinner.If I were to go back at dinner, I'd make reservations.  I'd be more likely to go back for lunch because the prices are a bit more budget-friendly (although they seem to have wonky hours so make sure to call ahead to make sure they're open). The dinner prices at $15+ were not outrageous but still just seemed to be a few bucks more than most of the comparable places in the neighborhood.
4	The eggplant was fantastic and topped off dinner with a delicious cannoli!
5	What a fun and welcoming place! Bunky's is a funky, friendly, charming little restaurant. The Italian and Mediterranean menu offers something for both shy and adventurous eaters. Being seated by one of the owners is a nice touch as well. This is how a family business is supposed to work.
