5	Ask for Daniel - I've been seeing him for a year; he's a color specialist and I get a lot of compliments on my hair. The salon is really nice - modern and energetic.
5	As a girl with extremely curly hair, getting a haircut can be a risky and terrifying situation...Amy at Cherry Salon gave me the most fitting wonderful haircut I have ever had! I finally feel comfortable in my own skin. I feel I look professional and my own age! The entire staff of stylists were extremely friendly and kind, but the sincerity and attention to detail that Amy gave me when I told her my fears of the "triangle cut" were unforgettable..in addition to the wonderful scalp massage I got when she washed my hair.She even cut and colored my mom's hair last week...my mother has never died her hair, she was always too afraid...it looks amazing!
5	I love Bill Bailes at Cherry the Salon.   I have referred several friends and strangers to him (yes, sometimes my hair looks THAT good where complete strangers ask me who does my hair!)... he's super-sweet, funny, and just a great guy.   Everyone I've referred has become a regular customer of his, too.   Cut & color... ask for Bill!
5	Daniel is the best!!! He always knows what to do with my hair and always comes out amazing.  I get many compliments about my hair!!!!
4	Cherry combines the ambiance of an upscale salon and mixes it with the culture and energy of a corner barbershop. Everyone is very chatty and the stylists are constantly giving one another shit. Maybe it's not for everyone but I totally dig the vibe.Terry Smith is a personable and accomplished stylist who has cut my hair off and on for 10 years. I recommend him enthusiastically.If you're looking for a marked upgrade from Great Clips but don't want to be surrounded by pretentious fashionistas, check out Cherry the Salon and see what you think.
5	Janine Jacobs does an amazing job coloring hair, styling, and special occasions (she did my hair for my wedding.)  Plus, this place is fresh and clean. The parking is a breeze and its right off the 51 so it's very convenient.  I highly recommend it and don't forget to ask for Janine. PS: She does brazillian blowouts too...wow!
5	I've been going to Cherry for help with skin for years (microdermabrasion & peels) and I love it!  Leslie is fun and knowledgeable and always makes me feel hopeful.  My skin is so, so, so much better than it used to be - less breakouts and clogged pores!  Thank you!
5	I wouldn't trust my hair or my daughters' hair with anyone but stylist Julie Blake.  She's intuitive about knowing what cut, color, and style works best for your hair and face shape.
5	I found a living social coupon and decided to give Cherry Salon a try. SO glad I did! Janine gave me a great cut and gorgeous color. I have received tons of compliments in the last few days. While the coupon was a great deal, their regular prices are very reasonable.   If you're looking for a cute and convenient salon with talented stylists, you'll be very pleased here!
