4	Blues has got the best pulled meat sandwich in town. It is super affordable and there's so much pulled meat in the sandwich that it is impossible to take a bite without being messy. Trust me, you'll need a napkin or two. They also have awesome rib tips and the best baked beans in town. This is a must-try!
2	I was underwhelmed by Blues.  They dropped off a sampler at my office when they first opened and I never wanted to go back.  The food was passible but having ate real southern BBQ and even having eaten at other CU BBQ restaurants, there are much better options.  There was hardly even a smoke ring on anything, it's not BBQ if it doesn't have a smoke ring.
2	Vegetarian bbq sandwich -- gross. It was $7 to boot and nearly all bread.Cornbread -- delicious! Sweet and moist. The small is $0.49 and it is a little 4-bite muffin. I could have eaten two large orders ($0.99 each, total 4 muffins) at once, so order more than you think you would ever eat and it should come out to the perfect size.Red beans and rice -- mediocre with huge chunks of sausage; about 3 oz per side dish for $1.29.Unless I get an intense craving for cornbread that warrants fighting campus traffic to get to Blues, I won't be going back.
2	I had the pulled chicken on country bread, he had the pulled pork sandwich. I wasn't impressed.. the meat was too saucy and the sauce didn't have a great flavor. The guy behind the counter was very nice and helpful for us newbies. For me, the food just didn't cut it.
5	For what it is (a fancy pulled pork sandwich place) its awesome and if you are in the mood for pulled pork, collard greens, cole slaw, mac n' cheese, etc then this is also your only choice.  It is always completely empty and looks closed so don't be shy to walk right in, the staff are friendly too.
3	Full disclosure: my father makes the best pulled pork sandwich ever. I am slightly biased. I love pulled pork. However, I am nothing if not open to new experiences.My roommate, who went to undergrad here, suggested we order Blues on Monday night. The food came very quickly. The coleslaw that we both got to put on our sandwiches was somewhat generic--like what you might get at a grocery store. That's alright. The pork was tender, but too much sauce. The hallmark of good barbecue is that the meat tastes good regardless if it's covered in sauce or not. I wanted to get a better taste of the pork itself. Ah well, maybe if I try a different entree I can see how good the meat is. The sauce was good, if a little sweet for my taste. I really did like my friend's cornbread, though. I'd definitely give this place another chance. It wasn't terrible, it just could be better.
2	After trying Black Dog Smoke & Ale House last week, I was eager to try a new BBQ joint. In order to make a fair comparison, I ordered the same thing- a pulled pork sandwich. The sauce itself was ok- a little sweet, but unfortunately I couldn't taste the pork. My sandwich consisted of bun + BBQ sauce with almost NO meat. The sauce was so overwhelming, and the lack of protein so significant that you almost couldn't tell if you were eating pulled pork or brisket. It tasted exactly like my mother-in-law's shredded BBQ beef made in the crock pot...Which is fine, for a crock pot dinner, but if your whole restaurant is BBQ- you should make something better than anyone could make by sticking a pork butt in the crock pot, covering w/ BBQ sauce and walking away for 8 hours. The mac and cheese was also meh- it tasted like Stouffer's frozen with salt and paprika sprinkled on top.If you want great BBQ, skip Blues and Hickory River, head to Black Dog in Urbana!
1	This business is now closed.
