2	I left Chase Bank and switched to Compass last year. I don't recommend either and will probably be going to Wells Fargo. I rely on on-line banking. If you do too then DON'T BANK HERE. The balances are never right, they do not deduct your pending bill pays from your balance, the web site is rarely working on the weekends when it is needed most, and for the past three weeks, the transfer function has not worked. When you send notes to their customer service, they send generic replies, if they even reply as well. The customer service sucks and you have limited access to your funds because of poor web site maintenance.   Anyway, I'm in the process of moving accounts to Wells Fargo. They advised I wouldn't be seeing these problems.
1	i was making a deposit and customer service assistance manager was assisting me. it took her literally 20 mins to make the deposit! seriously? then i got a cashier check from her, and later i found out she printed the wrong name. so i had to return to compass bank to get another cashier check. she just ruined my day and time! can't this bank hire someone more efficient? i mean how hard is it to type in the name and make simple deposit??
1	Worst service ever...do you have ALL DAY?..... new teller each time I go.... the manager in her office on the phone "every time"...with the door closed...is she aware of her customers at all?  The first year they opened was great,,,now it seems as if they wish we would all bank on line instead of going in...sorry, I like going in, but will go to Bell and Grand instead...chao bambina!!!
2	WOW!  I opened my account a little over a month ago.  The agent who helped me open the account was great and very nice, however, the bank is not very good.  Old technology and a lot of problems.  I tried to send and receive money from a friend through my account.  You have to sign up for Popmoney, which is the worst company ever.  It would have taken over a week to even get the money even though they take the money out of your account immediately.  I've gone to ATMS and they aren't working.  The website is not very user friendly.  I have to wait until I have had an account there for 60 days before closing it.  After my 60 days are up I'm going somewhere else!  BBVA Compass sucks!  I thought it would have been great since it is so close to where I live.  I rather drive and get better service.  Oh, they hold your check deposits for a week for two months after you open your account....no other bank does that.  Anyway, I would not recommend this bank to anyone!
