1	My girlfriend and I stopped here on the way back from Las Vegas. It wasn't busy at all at first, but these workers moved so slow that it was pretty packed by the time we got our food. It's called FAST FOOD, not slug your ass over to the fryer while you give everyone dirty looks...food. Okay, that's kind of childish, but everyone working there, with the exception of the tall brunette (didn't catch her name but was the one who apologized for the wait), was working as though they were making food for FUN! Even the manager, who was a guy dressed in a nice shirt, was working slower than anyone! The customers all kept they're cool but we were all shooting each other looks, in disbelief of what we were witnessing, since all the workers are in full view. I ordered, waited, went and got gas, came back and waited, went to the restroom and then waited, all before we got our food!! Twenty two minutes for two tacos, a deli trio sandwich, and a pumpkin pie shake, which was upgraded to large and made on the fly by the polite brunette in a matter of fifteen seconds. Not to mention we stood there for five minutes before anyone took our order.In conclusion: I don't think it would be going to far to FIRE THE WHOLE STAFF AND GIVE THEIR JOBS TO THE FOLKS WHO ARE STRUGGLING TO EVEN FIND ANY WORK IN THIS ECONOMY!!! Simply unbelievable.PS- If you look at the photo of this place, you'll see the big machine that you can order for yourself. It's the only thing that pulls it's own weight there.
5	As far as Jack in the Box goes, this place was definitely on top of it. The food is typical with the rest of the chain, but the service here was great. We had 3 separate orders in one car and they got them all correct, even the little things like 'no pickles.' We pulled around to the window and the guy was friendly, made a couple jokes, and gave us tons of ketchup when we said we wanted more. The food was done quickly, came out hot, and seemed fresh. Here's what moved it up from 4 stars to 5: In each bag (3 separate orders, remember?) there were THREE ranch containers along with the ketchup. 3 ranch dips for every person and we didn't even have to ask for them!! I don't care how trivial that seems, for a fast food chain they're going above and beyond.And it's in the same parking lot as an Arco/AMPM, so this is the perfect stop to eat and gas up before leaving the Vegas area altogether. It's about 20 minutes away from the strip, right off the 15.
1	This is by far the worst Jack in the Box I have ever been to.  I want to like this place because it is near my home.  Therefore, I have given them more chances to impress me then I ever should have.  Food is ridiculously slow to come out.  I'm talking 15 and 20 minute waits.  Including one drive thru visit where I was asked to park in front of the restaurant for 15 minutes waiting for my food.  Also one night they refused to take my order inside and forced me to use a kiosk to order on my own.  This place flat out sucks.
5	I've always had great experience at this drive-thur.
1	They never get your order right. I work across the street so I come here at least twice a week. They get my order wrong 9 out of 10 times. They do it so often I can go in a get a free combo courtesy of the manager Freddy, because of how bad they are at getting it right the first time. Stay away if you're in a hurry!
2	I don't think this location has a full menu, it seemed pretty small. Though I haven't been to a Jack in the Box for years so I can't be sure. They serve breakfast all day which is great, sometimes you just can't make the breakfast cut off at other fast food locations, especially after a night in Vegas!I had my heart set on breakfast, but ended up getting a grilled turkey, bacon sandwich which sounded pretty tasty. It took awhile to get our food considering the place wasn't packed at all. My husband and I were both pretty disappointed in the sandwich, it had some gross sauce on it that we both did our best to wipe off. Yuck! Totally ruined the sandwich. Maybe I should have stuck with a breakfast sandwich!
1	If I could leave negative stars, I would. This experience starts a couple days ago when I ended up waiting quite a few minutes to even be acknowledged. Not a big deal, but I'm the only one in line and it's 12:30 at night, so what else would be going on at this time? But I digress. In addition to that, "Roggie" was the most apathetic service individual I've ever met (and I've met my fair share). Not even the slightest bit interested in my order paired with a magnanimous amount of attitude. I ended up waiting an additional 6 minutes for a munchie meal. I left with a bad taste in my mouth as he said "bye" without saying thank you or have a great night. So I left an internal (Jack Listens) review to see what kind of response I'd get. The manager, "Roland", assured me that he would speak to the individual I had mentioned in my review and that my next combo was on him. All I had to do was mention that he was covering my meal the next time I came in. Now that brings me to tonight. I thought what the hell, I'll go back. I did and was met with even more snide speech. I ordered the new breakfast burrito combo. I asked for egg white,  and (I wish I could type it the way it sounded), he repeats it back in the most stereotypical gay way. There is no other way of saying it. I asked for a Dr Pepper as my drink and he repeated it back to me the exact way I said it. I was shocked. He said to go to the first window to which I did. He said the total and I mentioned what I was told to. He looked at me and said in a snotty form that he knew nothing about that and that he would've written it down. "Sorry bout that"  I said not a problem since it would be pointless to argue with such a dense an idiotic person. He then disappeared to get my food. After 4 minutes, a lady came to bring bring me my drink. I thought that was interesting. Another two minutes minutes and she came back. I asked her if she may have known about about the conversation with Roland, to which she replied the same thing said before, but even more attitude! I I then said that thanks to him, I would now take my review public. And with the most fake smile she could muster, replied,  "Ya. You do that!" I drove away to see "Rodrigo" (according to the receipt on this occasion) cowering in the corner which makes me think he knew exactly who I was and the conversation he just denied earlier. And before anyone thinks I am just doing this for free food, I will never be going back to to this establishment even if they PAID me. Yeah, it's it's that bad. Don't go here ever! As for me? Burger King sounds better. Better yet, I get better customer service at the 24 hour gas station nearby nearby then here. You've been warned.
1	Although this place was the last choice on a road trip home to California,  I should've kept driving another hundred miles to go anywhere else besides this place.  When I walked in no one greeted me and in fact no one took my order for approximately seven minutes.  A nice young gentleman with the double pierced ears and a gentle lisp helped me take my order.  He was fantastic at taking my order but I chose the big breakfast and this as you'll see, was the route one of the reasons for my poor visit to Jack in the crack.  The big breakfast consisted of approximately five items along with a container of syrup. Each item got worse than the previous item starting out with the hashbrowns that were actually pretty delicious and moving through to the bacon that had to be a few weeks old.  The Pancakes were pretty good but the eggs were rubbery.  Just forget about trying the bacon and sausage I actually spit out of my mouth into the sac that it came in.  The guy at the gas station was one of the most friendliest gas station clerks of ever met.  Unfortunately, this did not overshadow the poor quality of the food that I consumed.  I don't blame Jack-in-the-Box I just blame myself choosing Jack-in-the-Box as a place to eat.
