5	Food is awesome I had three different kinds of tacos and they were all really great! I'm so excited this place is opening love having great place that serve me quick right by my house! Definitely go try this place out. People are cool too!
3	I was really excited to see a Hawaiian Restaurant opening really close to my house..man what a disappointment...If you're looking for a traditional Hawaiian Eatery then this is not the place. Dont get me wrong the food is good and the workers are friendly but if you want Hawaiian food then you're better off somewhere else. If you want a burrito or taco then come try this place. Its stuffed with Hawaiian Style Meat along with a fusion of toppings. Kind of reminded me of ordering food at Chipotle. Good luck to this business..Sorry I dont think I'll go back even if it is across the street.
5	Good fresh food.  Not authentic mexican hawaiian food but a decent fusion.   I had the chicken, pork, and steak taco.  All meats were very good.   I tried all the salsas and they were all good as well. The pineapple one was probably best. Would have liked more options for maybe a salsa fresca or similar.   Otherwise everything was great.  Would have been better if tortillas were made fresh on site but they were still good. I liked the whole wheat taco tortillas.  Most places dont have whole wheat option for tacos.Staff were all very friendly and helpful.   Will definitely go back.
5	I love this place it's like being home on the islands and the owner is such a wonderful person with lot of Aloha ...Thanks so much for bringing Bradduhs to Vegas it's better than Chipotle. ... Mahalo
5	Came here over this past weekend for some dinner. Upon arrival the place didn't have many people in at all, but this was probably because there are no signs really indicating this place is here (that can be seen at night anyway). We were a party of 2. When else walked in were immediately greeted by ALL employees behind the counter, that was awesome. And it was a genuine greeting, not sounding forced like some other establishments. The gentleman serving us immediately asked if we had been there before, which we told him we hadn't. He then offered us up a sample of their meat choices which were all equally delicious. After that they showed us around the good bar and our choices. Now this place reminds me a lot of chipotle, but with Hawaiian style meats and Hawaiian infused sauces and salsas. So if you're going in expecting a traditional Hawaiian eatery, that's not what you will find. You will find a chipotle like concept but with Hawaiian meats and Hawaiian hospitality. I got a Kailua Pig bowl with just about every topping AND seaweed rice, was delish. The bf got a beef byrrito (I forte the name of the meat) and he had that thing gone in about 1 minute. My cooking doesn't even fly off the plate that quick. I am a huge huge huge stickler for customer service and this place has it down. I really felt important and like I was their own customer. So much so I added $5 to the tip jar on the counter which was over flowing with evidence of their outstanding customer service to others. When we sat to eat we witnessed them treating everyone with kindness. And even the own came out and said hello, and shook our hands and thanked us for coming in to eat and told us he appreciated us stoping by. Who does that's anymore?!!?!?!!? I was floored. The guy who took our order comments "man he is the best boss, I love working for him". Now if this is all an act...they're pretty good. But I don't think so. Thanks for the outstanding customer service Braddahs! We will be back for sure!! Love love love this place.
5	This place is great! Love that they opened one in the North West. Now I don't have to drive all the way to Sahara & Rainbow for some Braddah's :) It's like Chipotle but BETTER and with Hawaiian meats. The Kalua pig and chicken are my favorite but the steak is good as well! Just like at chipotle, you pick burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. Choose your choice of rice which is brown w/ seaweed or without. Then choose whatever toppings you want. Make sure you try the Coconut Bark! Also ask for their different sauces to try with your food!
5	Great service! Welcomed right when we walked in and the food was amazing forsure. Legendary meal, shoutout to the manager Josh. Thanks!
5	Right as I walked in, the staff was very welcoming. They provided me with samples of their meats which were excellent and on point.I ordered the Huli Huli Chicken bowl. They gave good sized scoops of the meat and sides. First bite in, I knew I couldn't get enough!The environment is very chill and relaxing. Then staff keeps the restaurant clean and well maintained. I'd give customer service a 10/10! Definitely coming back here soon.
5	Ordered the pulehu steak in wheat tortilla. Hubby had the fish. Deeeelish! And service is so friendly :) Our new favorite place. Looking forward to our next visit.
5	Today was my second time here. I barely got of my car and the owner, was like "Welcome back!"  WOW, not that's AWESOME!! As soon as you walk in you get the same greeting from everyone. When you get to the counter they ask if this is your first visit or a welcome back. The first time I got the corn tortilla tacos and had the 3 different meats. Chicken, pulehu steak and kalua pig they will pile on the toppings. Today I had the salad bowl with chicken. Even though I've only been there twice, it's very good. And "NO" it's NOT authentic Hawaiian style plate lunch.  I would say this place has a Chipotle concept.So...call it LocoMex :)
5	So my first try here and can't pass by some new pig. Had some errands to run and didn't want stuff to get soggy and they had no problem putting the pig in a bowl so I could make the tacos later. Sweet. They let me have a few samples and the steak and chicken were great but give me that pig!!Mahalo!
5	We ordered two bowls, two burritos. They were all great. The bowls are bigger than they seem and they stuff it. Same with the burritos. Everything tasted great, not a bad price by any means. I misordered one of the bowls and they were more than happy just to add the other meat to it. They were really nice and gave us samples of the 3 types of meat they offer as soon as we walked in. First time there and we will definitely he returning.
2	Came here because I was curious as to who was now occupying the old Slidin Thru space...  Very friendly people, offered a sample of the meats so I could decide.  The pork was very good, reminded me of what you would get at an actual Luau in Hawaii..  The steak? Not so much....   I chewed, chewed, chewed until the piece of steak lost its flavor and I felt like I was chewing on meat bubblegum. I choked it down and decided steak wasn't my thing.  Chicken was good but not any different than what you would get at Zaba's or Chipotle...  Ordered a Pork and Chicken bowl, the black beans that came with it tasted like they literally came straight out of a can, no seasoning detected.  The portion also seemed small for the price... I get about twice the amount at Zaba's. enough for dinner and leftovers for lunch, even though the bulk of It is cheap rice and beans, I feel like I am getting a good deal when I can have two meals for the price.  Probably wont come back, sorry
5	Great customer service, everyone is so welcoming and such a good vibe. Food is fresh and delicious, so many options to customize your own meal. Overall an amazing place for a quick bite :)) plus a drive thru!
5	My friends recommended I go to Braddah's. I'm a big fan of taste, texture, colors in food and Braddah's had it all. Since I was a first timer, they offered me all four meats and it was terrific. I ordered a whole wheat burrito with seaweed rice (brown rice) with Huli Huli chicken. It was amazing! Also, they had several homemade sauces to taste with your meal. I liked the pineapple lime and raspberry sauce.And most importantly, the staff was amazing. The manager, Josh, was friendly and attentive. He made certain that our visit was satisfying and our stomach desires fulfilled. The rest of the staff was smiling, friendly, and also attentive. The place is overall very clean and chill with the music.Definitely coming back and might just bring my whole family! :-)
5	It was my first time coming here tonight. I went through the drive through and they asked if I would rather pull up to the window to sample the meat before I purchase. I tasted the steak, pork, and chicken. It was pretty good so I decided to go inside. I got a bbq steak burrito. It sounds weird but it blended well with the sour cream and salsa. The service was excellent and helpful. My burrito was awesome and I got really full before I even finished it which is usually not the case for me. I hope this place stays
5	As a regular at the original location on Rainbow, I'm very happy that their newest location is in Centennial Hills since it's much much closer to my house! Braddah's is open inside of the old Slidin' Thru space and is usually farily empty when I've walked in. For those who have never been to Braddah's, it is best described as a Hawaiian style Chipotle where you can create your own burritos, bowls, salads, and tacos with Hawaiian flavors and ingredients.Customers are always greeted upon entry and they'll always ask you if it's your 1st time here. Say yes and you'll get samples of their most popular proteins including Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig. Then you will have to decide whether you want a burrito, bowl, salad, or 3 tacos. Once you decide that and pick your protein you get to choose any of the ingredients you want on the line except guac and grilled veggies which are an additional charge. Even their salsas here are Hawaiian themed such as mango & roasted corn, charred pineapple verde, and tomato & grilled maui onion! There are also bottled sauces avaiable if you need an additional kick but I've never tried them.I usually get a bowl since you seem to be able to pile on more toppings which means more food! I really recommend their coconut bark and chips and guac here as they are pretty darn delicious, but you'll need to share because I can never finish these extras on my own on top of eating my own bowl.The staff here is always very friendly and they'll come over to check on you during your meal if you're dining in which is an awesome and friendly plus!
5	Absolutely loved this place. I drove by on my way to my doctors appointment and saw the sign. I was so excited and always to try their place across town but never made it there. I decided to swing by after my appointment. As soon as I opened the door I was greeted with a big "aloha". For a second there I thought I was back home. They gave me a sample bowl right away and asked me what I though of the kalua pig. It was Ono!, but since I was making it myself for Easter I went with the chicken and the steak tacos. I loved the fact that I was able to order 3 different kinds with my order at no extra charge. The food was very favorable and very filling. I will definitely be back to try other menu items.
5	Great service but is a little empty. The steak burrito I had was great and the meat reminded me of some sort of sweet beef jerky. The food seems healthy and filling and I am definitely going to be going there again! Also, they were the first place I have seen that has apple juice as a fountain drink :D
5	As a first timer here, I was pretty excited to hear about this place from my friends talking all about it. Dropped by with a couple friends to eat after having class in the morning. We were greeted and asked if it was our first time here. We then got to try out the different meats as samples! Kalua pig, Pulehu steak, Huli Huli chicken. Kalua pig was the best considering the flavor! I got a bowl as opposed to a burrito so I can get more of everything. Double Meat on Kalua Pig, every topping available. Certain toppings cost extra. Drink and tortillas on the side.Josh and the rest of the crew took care of us! Sample of Coconut Bark to end it off. Too fuego!
4	I noticed Braddah's Island Style by driving around, I wanted something different for dinner and wanted some place new to try. Glad I stopped by here to try their food. The workers were really friendly and asked if we have ever been to any of their locations my husband and I both said no we're newbys. The gentlemen handed us a bowl of the different types of meat they have to try. We both instantly fell in love with the pulled pork. I ordered the salad with pulled pork and it was delicious and filling. Think outside the box and try this spot!
5	I could literally eat this food for every meal. It's like a much better version of Chipotle; better spice, better salsa and fresher ingredients. The Huli Huli chicken is insane!! I crave it every day!!Do not forget to get the chocolate coconut bark!!
5	I drove by here last week, and my fiancee was actually the one that noticed it. After seeing that Slidin Thru was gone and Braddah's was in its place, we were both immediately intrigued. I got on Yelp and checked out the reviews, and was happy to see that they were amazing. Well, we decided to try the place out for dinner today, and I gotta say...the great reviews are justified. As soon as you walk in, you are immediately greeted by the employees, and they ask if you have ever been there. Since we never had, we obviously said no, and the girl helping us gave us samples of the three meats they offer: pork, chicken and steak. The pork was good but tasted like typical pulled pork...but the chicken and steak were damn good. The chicken has this nice smoky taste to it, and the steak is tender and has a touch of sweetness. We couldn't decide, so the worker told us that you can mix the meats if you would like...how awesome is that?? She also let us sample their different salsas...the green pineapple one and the corn one were both really good, so we mixed those in as well. The rest is pretty much an assembly line setup were you pick what you want. You start out by choosing either a burrito, bowl, salad or tacos. From there you just throw in whatever you want. It was a really great experience and I hope the place sticks around in this location because it is just plain awesome. The customer service was great, the food was delicious (and filling...a bowl is enough for two meals!), and the coconut bark is a great way to wrap up the meal. Nothing better than salty sweet chocolate toffee goodness to end a tasty dinner!
2	I came here for the first time they the drive thru--the popolo girl that took my order was rude. She also forgot my coconut bark, so I went in to get it. She had some attitude when I walked in and showed her my receipt. She just kept asking me if it was in the receipt. I said I just went thru the drive through and she repeated it back to me, to which she asked if it was on the receipt that I was showing her-she saw it and gave me the bark with no apologies--just attitude.
4	I've eaten a few times at the original Rainbow location and I think this location has improved on some things that was a problem at the other one. So far out of the 3 times, everything was seasoned.  I've felt items lacked flavor at the other location as they were very shy with the salt. I'm usually moderate with salt so if I think it's bland, it means its not being seasoned at all.. I come for the kalua pig as that's the best meat option they have. It's tender and nice light smokiness to it. I've had the chicken and that was pretty standard grilled chicken and the steak has a soy, sugar and almost cinnamon flavor to it. I havent tried the fish option yet. I dont really like going vegetarian here as I think a lot of the flavor comes from the great kalua pig so I only go meatless at other similar spots. If you aren't sure, ask for a sample of the meats.I like that they have crunchy items like bean sprouts and cabbage to offer aside from standard lettuce as I like that much better.  The only thing I wish is that they had a spicy salsa. The diced onion tomato salsa is supposed to be spicy but hasn't been. They do offer sliced jalapeno and habaneros though, but it's not the same as a sauce to fold into everything. I love my stuff spicy so I would pour on all three! They're always really friendly here and fast with service. My only other critique is that they close a bit early, it says on their site they are closed at 9pm. I like that it gives us another option here in the NW so I welcome it.
5	The bomb! Great food and awesome friendly staff! :)
3	Bradduh's is basically a Hawaiian style chipotle. I really enjoyed my first visit here. I was greeted immediately as I entered. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. When asked if it was my first time I was offered samples of the meats. I had a killua pork bowl. Although it was a tad salty on it's own (when sampled) it was perfect combined with everything in the bowl. If you're looking for traditional Hawaiian food then this isn't quite the place to go. If you're looking for a good, fun fusion then this place is worth a try. I'll be back.
5	Awesome food!!!!! Was waiting for the new Durango location. Cooper and Josh are super welcoming, felt like I was in Hawaii. Like every other review have to get the coconut bark for dessert.
5	We tried it last night for the first time. The food is amazing, it's simple but you have lots of options. They have their own hot sauces that compliments everything on the menu and everything in your fridge. We couldn't leave without buying a four pack to take home. There are few places in town that have service and over the top friendly staff that seems to come natural to these guys, some places seem like they try to hard and it's forced. Not here they all seemed to love their job, I thought they were all partners/owners. I can't wait to eat there again soon.
5	Wow, is really what I have- from the great tasting food to the awesome customer service. We actually sat and visited for quite a while, great spot for that too. Priced conveniently for daily visits if were closer for me. Tastes true to the style, the employees are so friendly, and will most definitely be returning.
5	My BF and I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. We absolutely loved it! Very refreshing and unique menu. Right when you walk in the staff greets you and give you a sample of the meats they offer. I went with the steak and my bf went with the chickenLoved the food and the service was awesome! Very friendly and upbeat staff! We will be back very soon!
5	I've been here 3 times since I discovered this place two weeks ago. I love it! I'm not a big pork or steak eater but I tried both and I'm hooked!  I've had the bowls and salad. Met the owner once and he's super nice! Customer service is top notch and the coconut bark is awesome! I love that they were willing to make my daughter a quesadilla since she wasn't interested in anything else.
4	Chipotle style.. But better ingredients! Get the bowl with Huli Huli chicken and kalula pig! Also if u like spicy, they have shredded habanero chips! Gives one helluva kick!! Def delicious and will be back again.. And again
5	First time here and I love it. Can't come closer to true hawaiian style food. So 'Ono! Customer service is at 5 stars also. They make you feel welcome and they all share the aloha spirit. Will definitely be coming back!
5	After getting hooked up with a fat bowl of meat samples, I proceeded to get double chicken in a bowl with seaweed rice. The chicken has great flavor and all the toppings meshed nicely. Shout out to Gabby, David, Nitro, and Josh (GM) for great service and kind words. They even gave me free coconut bark (BOMBdiggity) for turning in a customers wallet left on the ground. Without a doubt Braddah's is the convenient, healthy, quick food option we all crave but have trouble finding in our culture. Without a doubt will be coming back and bringing amigos!
5	This place is amazing! The staff who attended us at this location here (Josh &the GM David) were so helpful in introducing the concept they were very attentive and genuinely interested in sparking up a conversation with us. Thanks guys!!! I had the huli huli chicken burrito, topped it off with the essentials and threw some of their delicious pineapple mild sauce on top. This was our first time here but definitely not our last.
5	My friends have been bringing this place up all week and I finally let them take me since I've never been to a Hawaiian restaurant. Right when I walked in I was joyfully greeted by the employees. They'll ask you if it's your first time there and if it is, they let you try all their meats to see what you like. People recommend their pork, but I personally love the chopped steak they provide since it was the sweetest with a hint of ginger. You have a choice of a burrito, taco, or bowl to house your food. They struck up conversation as they prepared my food (it works like Cafe Rio or Chipotle) and were very easy to talk to. After all the social atmosphere seemed to please, the real test was now to taste the prepared meal which I already knew was going to be good since I tried the meat beforehand. In short, The burrito ensemble was delicious! If you want something to drink, they have Coke products and a wonderful pellet ice machine that we all love. If you choose to eat in, you can enjoy the Hawaiian art hung all over the walls. I will definitely go back some time for a great lunch. It is a great replacement to the slider restaurant that used to be there. If you haven't tried it, go there ASAP! It will brighten your day!
5	I don't get over to this side of town much but on the way home from camp, the little mouth was hungry and I recognized the name from the Duchess' checkin.  We were not disappointed.  The staff was amazingly friendly, starting us off with a sampling of the meats and an explanation.  The little one (not so little at almost 10 years old) got a burrito with the Kalua Pork and I got a steak bowl.  The seaweed rice was excellent and the mango corn salsa gave it a nice flavor.  The big hit was the pineapple jalepeno hot sauce.I don't just hand out 5 star reviews but when a restaurant does exactly what they are supposed to do they deserve it.  They aren't a fancy dining establishment but I really cannot think of one thing I would change about this place to make it better (ok I would move it closer to my house.)
5	Love, love, love this place! Everyone is super nice, food is always fesh, flavors are unlike anywhere else in Vegas. Mmmmmmm
5	OMG! Totally delish, but better yet, they have great gluten free options! The Kailua pig and fish are gluten free.  It is nice to have more then one choice.  I had Kailua pig on a salad bowl. The kicker was the seaweed rice in it. Everything was fresh and tasty.  If you are looking for something different then the norm, you gotta try this place.   PS although not gluten free, my table mates said the "Bark" was to die for!  I will be back for sure.
5	The employees were very welcoming and pleasant. They had us try the different meat they offer - the steak was my favorite! I had it as tacos with seaweed rice and pineapple salsa...yum yum yum!Even their coconut and chocolate bark was great for dessert.Glad they have a drive-thru for added convenience. I'm totally hooked!
5	Exceptionally friendly service, fresh ingredients, and a new twist. I decided to visit Braddah's at the suggestion of a coworker and was glad I did. After I walked into the very clean and cheefully decorated restaurant, I was greeted warmly and offered samples of the meat choices (fish, chicken, steak, and pork). I ended up getting the fish burrito. The seaweed rice added a nice twist to a Mexican favorite. Black beans and grilled veggies really made the generously-stuffed burrito a savory treat. The fish was flaky and mild and the various toppings added the bulk of the flavor. Looking forward to sampling the staggering number of combinations that the entree/topping choices provide.
5	Great service, gave us samples of their pork, beef & chicken when we walked in. My favorites were the chicken & beef. That's saying a lot because I haven't eaten beef, except an occasional hamburger, for many years!We both got the tacos & they were delicious!Their coconut bark is really good too!
5	Amazing Coustmer service! They have us samples the min we walked in. There pork is so delicious. And there coconut bark is something to talk about...salty cracker bottem topped with toffee then followed by a semi sweet chocolate. The then topped with coconut and a pink Himalayan salt it makes you want more. I recommend this place to anyone who loves food :) and island  food at that.
5	What a great find! I was offered samples of their chicken, steak, and pork right as I walked in; which were all delicious. We had the burrito with pork and tacos with steak to go; excellent service and a clean atmosphere. I will definitely be returning to try their other items. Highly recommended! This place has great flavor and a unique twist to the usual places you find everywhere.
5	First time but definitely not the last! So I only had experienced l&l Hawaiian food before and thought it was terrible. I saw Braddahs when coming out of the 7-11 and went in for a menu. I was asked to try the meat and boy was I hooked! I ended up grabbing my husband who was waiting outside and we tried a pork burrito and steak bowl. Wow.. Between the awesome staff and the excellent flavoring in the food with their fresh toppings (omg all the salsas are yummy!), this is a great place for not only the food but the people too! Oh btw, THEY CATER!
5	All I can say is WOW! Amazing service! They have repeatedly given me the best service of any drive thru I have been too. The khalua pig is by far my favorite and most delicious meat on the menu. Way better then chipotle or zabas. Best in town!
5	Love this place! The service is always great, and so is the food. Huge portions. The seaweed rice is a must. We go in about once a week and love it every time. They are always so welcoming! This time we got coconut bark for dessert and it was SO good!
4	I would probably give this place 3 stars if they weren't so darned friendly!  Here's what I love about Braddah's:- The service.  ALWAYS super friendly and accommodating! - The seaweed rice.  Very unique (and yummy) flavor.- Their chicken and pork.  The steak is too sweet for me, but I love their chicken and pork.  Very flavorful and tender.- The coconut bark.  Man oh man if I didn't think I'd blow up to 400 lbs, I'd be in there buying this stuff every day.  Soooooo good.Here's where I think Braddah's could use some work:- The tortillas.  If they made their own tortillas, or even just bought higher-quality tortillas, their tacos and burritos would taste 100% better.  Until they figure this out, I'll only be getting a salad or a bowl.- The salsas and sauces.  The regular tomato-based salsa is pretty ok, but I haven't been impressed with any of their other salsas or sauces.  Blah.- Pricing. It's nice that their pricing is simple until you realize you are paying the same price for your little salad as you are for a giant burrito.  And since I really hate their tortillas and will only get a salad or a bowl, I feel pretty jipped.So there ya go!  Will I go back to Braddah's?  Yes.  Can they make some big improvements?  For sure.
1	The service was very friendly, offered samples which was nice but the finished product not so happy with. We had the burrito with puleho steak. There was more vegetable than meat. The vegetables were largely sliced. Burrito fell apart with the second bite. Had to eat the rest with a fork. And the kahlua pork as a burrito with beans and cheese and all the makings of a burrito??? I don't think so. Never had kahlua like that. Didn't enjoy it for the price we paid.
4	This place is the Hawaiian Chipotle.  The service was outstanding, as we had many items for takeout and they were very helpful.  All the ingredients are extremely fresh and tasty.  The steak and Kalua pigs were excellent, however I found the chicken and fish a bit bland (that cost the 5th star).  Overall; a very good place to get fresh, tasty takeout that is a little out of the norm.
5	I make the visit to this location every time I work in Centennial Hills.This is my favorite location, just seems so much cleaner than the one on Rainbow!Love the drive-thru and also their Hawaiian "Chipotle" concept!1) You pick from bowls, tacos, salads or burritos. 2) Your choice of meat : Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish or Veggies. 3) Your choice of Brown Rice, Seaweed Rice, Veggies or Beans. 4) Your choice of Mango & Roasted Corn, Pineapple Verde, Tomato and Onions or Guacamole5) Extras to choose from Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, Cilantro, Bean Sprouts or Sour Cream.They have chips, sauce/vinaigrettes, and also their infamous Coconut Bark.The two visits here, I've ordered the bowl with Kalua Pig, Brown Rice, Mango and Roasted Corn with lettuce and cheese! I find it so easy to eat right before going to work!Hawaiian food done semi-healthy! The drive thru is so quick and the employees were very helpful and patient when I was clueless on how to order, also very nice!I'll be here every 3 weeks, because that's when it's my turn to head to Centennial.Must try if you're in the area!
4	I really enjoyed but my 4 year old didn't.   That's hard.  The samples ensured that I was goung to like what I ordered b/c I hate sweet food.  Chicken,  Brown rice, veggies and the tomato salsa were bomb dignity in the bowl.  1 bowl snd 2 drinks cist me apx $10.
4	Came here over the weekend while visiting some childhood friends that relocated here from Cali.  My BFF happens to live around the corner from here and had been raving about the food.  I love island food and anytime I can get it is always great, when I heard this is a chipotle concept restaurant but that served island protein instead the sound of it instantly caught my curiosity.  I walked in with a party of nine.  We came around 11:30 am and was greeted by the employees.  We were all asked if we had been there and most of us said no.  the young lady and gentlemen informed us of the concept and gave us samples while doing so.  The Kalua pig and pulehu steak were my top choices.  Both were so flavorful and moist.  I went with the salad bowl with pulehu steak and chose the mild and medu salsas.  They definitely give you huge portions and the prices and reasonable.  We were all so stuffed and couldn't finish all of our food.  Two people could definitely share a bowl.  I will probably do that the next time I go and order a burrito as well.  Those darn burritos looked epic!  By this time a swoon of customers rush through the door and seems they have their rush times like any good eatery. If you don't have room to enjoy their coconut bark at their restaurant... Take it home!!! It is so delicious.  I bought an entire pound for my group and we munched on them.  Munching accompanied with moaning and ahhhhs while we enjoyed every single morsel.  Haha!  Trust, get yourself at least a piece to try and enjoy!!
3	Priced good for what they offer. Service was where it should have been. Food was fresh and delightful. Not so personalized and flavorful as I would have expected as being a new individualized business. Give this expansion a year before closing the doors.
3	Here's what I like. The service was great. Everyone was friendly. I had never been there before and the lady who took my order was super helpful. I went thru the drive-thru btw since I had my dog in the car. Anyways today is their 1 year anniversary, for the original location on Rainbow, so they are giving out 2oz of free coconut bark. Damn that stuff is gooooood. For my meal, I decided on a pork bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, cabbage, cheese, and then all the salsas and sour cream on the side. When I pulled up to the window, the cashier informs me that the computer stopped working. No problem. I repeat my order back to her. She rings me up, and a few minutes later she's handing me my food in a brown paper bag. I thank her and pull off. As I'm about to turn out of the parking lot, I check my bag. There is the bowl I ordered, but no salsa/sour cream on the side. I check the bowl to see if maybe they had put it on the bowl instead, but it was dry. I pulled back into the drive-thru and told them what happened. They were very apologetic and gave me my stuff on the side. It's not such a big deal, but you would think after repeating the order to her after saying the computer stopped working, she would make extra certain I got everything I ordered. Luckily I hadn't gone far, because I would have been irritated getting all the way home and then finding out some items were missing. The food was just ok. I needed to add salt and pepper to the bowl for more flavor. I liked the pineapple and corn salsas, the other one was just tomatoes and onions. I wouldn't even call it salsa. I may be back to try some other items. If not, I'll at least be back for the bark!
5	First time here and you walk in with a welcome so big as if you are in Hawaii!!! Service here is great! We were asked if we've been here before and upon saying no they gave us a bowl to sample each of their meats! Awesomess!!! The flavor was perfectly seasoned, tender and taste just like chopped up version of the real deal! I really could not decide between chicken or steak! So I got both :) This is the ultimate Hawaii version of Chipotle!! Everyone knows how much I love Chipotle !  I honestly would take Braddah's over Chipotle anyday!  PS it's a must to try the Coconut Bark! If you're completely full because of the huge portions they give ... To-go!!!
5	Finally got a chance to try this place out. The guy at the register was super nice, asked if it was my first time in, it was, and gave me a sample of the chicken, beef and pork. I originally planned on getting the 3 tacos but the samples were so good I doubled my order to get 2 of each so my boyfriend could try them too. Got a combination of soft and crunchy tacos but the crunchy taco shells are amaze-balls. Will definitely be going back for more.
5	Can't believe it took me so long to stop by here! I started to go through the drive thru but decided I wanted to go inside. The staff is beyond friendly. They asked if I'd been there before, I hadn't, so they started loading me up with free samples...and I'm now hooked! Amazing flavors, can't even explain it, you have to taste it for yourself. Kalua Pig is a pulled pork that is the best i have ever tasted, anywhere! Hope they stay in the neighborhood!
5	Love this place! My mom just found it and even though I was terribly sick, I still tried to eat the coconut bark and tacos lol will definitely come back because the workers were so welcoming and the food is awesome
3	Just ok. I went through the drive thru and ordered a chicken bowl with rice, veggies and guac. The size of it for $10.... Way to small!!! The chicken was so salty and burned !!!! I ended up taking a couple bites and throwing it away. The amount of amount of guac was at the most a tablespoon and a half. I really wanted to support this business because its something different. I do have to say they are very friendly. I didn't try the bark but I'm not sure I will. It was real expensive to try but at least now I know.
5	Try the COCONUT BARK!! Heavenly!The service was incredible! It's been quite a while since I've seen such a high standard in customer service at a "quick service" food place like this!  They offered me a sample of the meats since I couldn't decide. I decided to get a salad with chicken, pineapple mango ranch, Jalepeno, and cilantro. It was so fresh and so good! I could eat that salad everyday! Back to the Coconut Bark- it was literally one of the best desserts/treats that I've had in quite a while! A buttery toffee bottom layer that had some kind of cracker on top and in it, then covered in milk chocolate and sprinkled with fresh coconut! Yum! They break it into pieces (bark) and sell it in 1/4, 1/2, and 1lb bags. I foolishly only got 1/4lb which I ate in a day! I'll be a regular here, so get ready for more check-ins!
5	Delicious healthy food. The steak is amazing. Fish and pork are awesome too. Service is above and beyond. Not a bad thing to say about this place. Worth every penny!
5	So very simple and good! I do think they are over priced for the portion, specifically the proteins. Last visit my pork was too salty and greasy and my boyfriend had to go home to eat leftovers since he was left hungry! We are not even big eaters but a scoop of rice and meat not enough for the price! Specifically when it's so good!
5	We decided to try something new tonight so we stopped by here on the way to the movies for a bite to eat. As we overlooked the menu, the sweet girl at the counter let us sample all their meats & hubby and I decided to share a kalua pig salad & he also got a steak taco. Both were deelish! The corn salsa was pretty good & my husband chose the tomato one which is their spiciest salsa, I'm not big on spicy. Their ranch was different & I didn't think I would like it so I asked for it on the side but we both ended up enjoying it so we poured it all on top of the salad. So good! Last but not least, hubby bought the coconut bark for us to try & OH MY GOSH!! AMAZING!!! I can't wait to go back just to have another bite of that little piece of heaven in my mouth. So freakkin good! Basically we loved the meal & we will definitely back. Oh & I forgot to mention this in the beginning but they all greeted us as we walked in the door & all of their workers were so friendly. Loved that! ;)
5	Amazing food. Great for kids and the music is great. We had the steak bowl, burrito, salad, and tacos. Everyone brought home leftovers. The coconut bark was unbelievable.
5	This place is the better version of Chipotle. Same business model but with Hawaiian alternatives.  Great service and try the coconut bark.... Sooo good!
5	Love the food here. I always try something new but the calua pig is so awesome. They also sell there hot sauces which is nice I always pick them up when I'm there so I can use them for my dinners and lunches when I'm at work. Only down fall is the cost but they have earned a 5 star for service and quality of food. I'm glad I'm not a jerk because if I based my experience off price they would only get a 3 star. But keep up the great and outstanding work on the food and you will maintain a 5 star in my book. Thank you for making sure you food is so so good.
4	There are a few of these in Vegas and they are pretty good.  All their meats are delicious and chips+salsa is worth the price.  We had the tacos and burritos and I would stop back in again.  This food tastes fresh and healthy!!!
5	The food here has a lot of flavor, we LOVE the fish bowl and coconut bark! Staff members and salsas are very good to us! Brandon makes his own hot sauce and is very passionate about it, you should try :)
3	Used to be great. I feel like they went downhill. Their bowls used to be huge. Deep. Big. Now theyre half that size and the same price. Serious disappointment.
5	"Amazing!""Delicious!""Best tacos I've ever had!"Is what critics are saying. Or, maybe that just my taste buds. Either way, Braddah's Island Style is an absolutely amazing place. The second you walk in the door you are greeted by everyone working with a boisterous 'Aloha!'. Then, the samples. They let you sample the three types of meat they have. Pork, which has a little kick at the end. Steak, which is surprisingly juicy with a hint of sweetness. And, chicken, which is very hearty and tangy with just the right amount of spices.My friend and I both opted for the steak. He got a bowl, I got three tacos with all the fixins. Also, try some of their house made sauces mango, pineapple habanero, raspberry gave jalepeno, or kiwi lime jalepeno. All are great! When you check in you can redeem an offer for free bark as well. Also, be sure to try one of the canned Hawaiian sun drinks, green tea lychee. Best drink ever. Will definitely be coming back!
5	When we entered we got samples of all the different kinds of meat they have, all of them were really good! I got a chicken bowl and drink for under $10 and my bestfriend got a burrito and drink for about $10. We tried the free chocolate bark and it was really good! He also gave us a sample of the peppermint too, how nice. (: will definitely be coming back, good customer service too!
1	Another overpriced fast food place with high prices with so so food !!! Stay away if you want to be full !!!
5	We were standing in line at chipotle and decided we weren't really feeling it... Found this place (thanks yelp!) and were happy to!!! Friendly service, they give you a taste if it's your first time.  Family owned business and it shows! My friend had all the meat tacos and her fav was the steak... I had fish tacos and seaweed rice and am totally satisfied!Nice atmosphere too with fun music... Will come back next time in town.
5	We decided to check out this new restaurant and we were happy !! My wife loves island food and she was so pleased ! The crew was extremely friendly and very helpful they gave us samples to try and explained how the meals work !! We met Josh the general Manger and he was so nice ! The food is fresh and friendly and soooooo good ! We found our new go to spot !! If you like Hawaiian food, this is the place to go.
4	Josh was really nice and explained how the menu worked since it was my girlfriend and I's first time. I liked it.
5	Wife and I just found this place, the food is fantastic with great flavors and large portions.  The manager at the Durango location is a great individual who obviously takes great pride in their food.  This is a definite new favorite location for us.
5	Yumma yumma read a lot of reviews before trying... it was great the staff friendly they give you samples before ordering so you know what you like before you pay. Best part of the meal was the bark. I will def come back!
5	This was my 1st time and the service was AMAZING, the food was better than AMAZING!! Great people clean restaurant delicious meal. A must go. I hope one comes to my side of town on Eastern by 215.
5	I love it!!!! I ordered the Steak Bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, grilled red and green peppers and bean sprouts, lettuce, cheese, and half mild, half hot salsa!! It was outstanding! The flavors went so well together, the steak was flavorful and tender, and the salsas were fresh and sweet and spicy. I also ordered the pumpkin bark, a toffee with chocolate, pumpkin, coconut...and heaven!! I also got the peppermint bark which had a light peppermint taste. Be sure to eat them chilled.....soooooo good! Military discount? CHECK! Awesome and friendly service? CHECK! Feeling we are back on the Island? ALOHA!! Thank you Braddah's!
5	I've began frequenting this place recently and I'm really glad I was told about it. flavorful food and large portions at a good price! Dining in is definitely the way to go here. Relax to the island music with a Hawaiian scratch made meal and delicious Hawaiian drinks!  I've tried all their items, the bowl in my opinion is the best!
5	Best tacos in town! Customer service is great. They let you sample all theirs meats prior to making a purchase. Try all the salsa's and taco sauces as well. I had lunch here three days in a row and was impressed every time. They are currently on Groupon, save some money.
2	Ok, so this place is getting such high reviews and I'm sorry to burst your bubbles, but it's not my thing. The staff were extremely friendly, but the food wasn't the greatest. They turned Hawaiian food into a Hispanic fusion which is a neat idea, but I guess what I'm trying to get to the meat was REALLY REALLY salty. The salt took all the flavor away from the meal. I had to toss my burrito out after two bites. I'd recommend you to try it for yourself, but it's not somewhere that I would go back to.
5	Ridiculously phenomenal!!!! Don't miss out! You need to go here and experience a flavor explosion in your mouth! And the best service!
5	'Ono grinds! Mahalo for the great food and service! I had the three tacos with all the fixings and I was very pleased. I have family from the big island coming this way and I'll be sure to bring them by to enjoy the food and atmosphere! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for that island flavor, a welcoming and professional staff and a place to sit back and relax. I'll be back!
5	Had the pulehu steak and huli chicken bowl with seaweed rice.  It was awesome!!!  Great serviceThe coconut bark top it off for a 5 star rating.
5	I love this place when I need food on the go! I feel that it is a healthy alternative to fast food and it is Always fresh and tasty. I generally will choose this place over chipotle. The staff is great too!
5	This place is great. It's like chipotle, but 10x better. My go to is the pulehu steak however all the meat choices are fantastic. To top it off, drive thru. I can get this tasty goodness without leaving the confines of my car. I just hope this location stays open, because the previous business that was there didn't seem to do too well.
5	I love this place. The food was awesome. I will definetly be back. Their steak was delicious as was the      piggy.
