2	In the State of Washington, all liquor sales are controlled by the State, including state owned liquor stores. I had driven by these little hole-in-the-wall drive-up liquor stores in Arizona, and was curious about them. So one day, instead of walking by the store, I went in to browse around. Obviously, the store was really meant for drive through customers.  The inside of the store was small, cluttered, and stacked with boxes of bottles, in haphazard displays and in no discernible order.  They did have the high traffic brands, and with some exploring, you could find some of the smaller distillers and distributors.  And they did have a small selection of wines, but nothing like AJ's.It would have been interesting to really explore, but the aisles were so narrow, that barely one person fit - so if there were more than 3 or 4 people in the store, you were afraid of knocking over a display.  Since it was really crowded, I didn't spend a whole lot of time there. The prices looked comparable to Fry's, but not nearly the selection.  I think I'll stick to Fry's or AJ's, until I can get to BevMo or Total Wine.
5	There I was...Sunday morning...fresh out of an awesome sleep. My three year old awakes, and immediately wants pancakes. I am ill prepared for this scenario. So, the logical choice is for us to head to McDonald's on Shea, just around the corner from our place.But, it's FOOTBALL DAY!!! You know...the kind of day where you stay in your pajamas all day, and bum it up. There isn't a snowball's chance in hell that I'm going to be presentable to the public.What do I do? I know...drive thru!As we're in line waiting for our McDonald's breakfast to be ready, it dawns on me...we're out of beer...and it's 10:00 in the morning on a Sunday. NOW what do we do?Lucky for me, Liquor Vault Drive-Thru is directly behind me, and they're already open for business!The sheer convenience of this establishment is reason enough to give this place 5-stars. I mean, drive-thrus were invented for just these types of slothful situations.When I pulled up to the drive-thru, I asked for a Miller Lite 18 pack of bottles. The attendant pulled away for a minute, checked the refrigerator, and then came back with a 12 pack and a 6 pack. He told me that they were out of the 18-pack, yet he still just charged me for the 18-pack price. That's the kind of customer service you want...the establishment is out of stock on the thing that you want, so they make concessions to make up for it.The piece de resistance was that the gentleman was observant enough to notice that my daughter was along for this early morning party-planning-committee trip. He threw in a couple of lolipops for my co-pilot.What a cool establishment, and an ingenious service idea!
5	This place is five stars!  TJ is awesome and will acommodate your needs!  Plus he will keep the window up if you are a couple minutes late!  Rock on drive thru Liquor Barn!
4	Always  great service at drive thru and cheaper than bev mo
