5	The BEST bloody mary's of all time. Ask for Raul.That is all.
5	5 stars for a hotel lobby bar, say what? Some of the best cocktails I've ever had were made by The View's mixologists (don't even try to call them bartenders). Try the pear pair pare...yes that's a pear done 3 ways, it's unbelievably good.Tip--they do a happy hour with $2 off most cocktails, but of course the triple pear delight is always full-price.
4	Mixologists extraordinaire.   The bartenders here like their craft and like to surprise you (pleasantly) if you're in the mood for something.   Very friendly and relaxing and a cool crowd as hotel lobby bars go.
5	I was going to say that this is the best lobby bar in town, but that would be doing an injustice to the perfection seen at View Bar. This place has the most personable bartenders in town who are also some of the best at their craft. This staff here is more professional and more skilled than any I have seen in Las Vegas, the only competition I have seen is at Noir Bar and Downtown Cocktail Room. Even places like parasol up/down do not hold a candle to this place. The drink menu is clever and has some great twists on traditional cocktails, I would recommend the Cucumber Collins, as well as the Ginger Cosmopolitan. The drink rates here are reasonable and the bar is well stocked, and even has some beers I do not always see at Vegas bars including Chimay and Delirium Tremens. Additionally, there are cigars listed on the menu as well. I have listed this place as being good for groups as this is a lounge. However, one is doing an injustice to oneself if not sitting at or near the bar and getting to know the bartenders here. Ask for Mannie, he is very personable and experienced and my friend and I try to go there once every few months during his shift.One last thing, ask for a spicy olive I think their chipotle flavored and definitely something worth trying in a coktail or plain.
4	Comfortable Hang- one of the best places to comfortably people watch and be out of the "traffic" so to speak of some Hotel Lobby bars. Bloody Mary my husband had was excellent, the Baileys Irish Creme not so good.. Service ok. I probably should have ordered one of the drinks featured but... Price on the high side but consider where and which lobby you are in and it makes sense. Clean, comfortable, and for the most part a great place.. a little disappointed on my drink, and the server never returned with more nuts
4	Vanessa R., Corrie C. and myself started our Saturday night here and apparently it was John Legend's birthday at Aria so everywhere else was packed except View Bar. We grabbed some comfy lounge chairs and Vanessa R. ordered me the legendary margarita they serve here. The tequila was so smooth it gave me that warm honey sensation running down the back of my throat. The mixer was brilliant and perfectly sized...not too skimpy but not a boat load of marg. We only hung around for one cocktail but I'll be sure to stop by on my next trip out there.
5	Literally the BEST bar in Vegas. Very chic and off the lobby of the beautiful Aria Hotel. A good selection of wines by the glass at very reasonable prices. We had our favorite New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc generously poured for $11 a glass. The waitress asked if we would like any snack treats. She brought a large container of mixed nuts (no peanuts) and a blend of wasabi peas and cranberry segments. I have never been offered as little as a pretzel at any hotel bar in Las Vegas. This was amazing. The View Bar is now our watering hole of choice in Vegas.
5	All the reviews are right. This is truly an amazing hotel bar. TVs for sports events (We watched the superbowl here), gorgeous decor, tucked away enough so you dont feel exposed and on show (like at Parasol Up) but still open enough so you can look around and people watch.Drinks were good, not crazy $$ (vegas standards), and service was quick and friendly.Definitely would come back anytime. And free wasabi peas and craisins, and nuts!
5	This place is the perfect stop in spot. It sits right at the front of the casino with a great view of the craps table. The staff are attentive and the drinks are good. It's really the perfect place to either start your evening, have a drink and your on your way, or if you are staying in the Aria the perfect place to get a night cap. I also love their cigar selection.
5	Fantastic! Tell your mixologist what you like and they'll create something that will blow you away!!
4	*Good place to go to redeem your "complimentary welcome drink"This sophisticated lounge/bar is much different than the others in Aria. It's more lively and has a bright themed appeal, I liked it. I also couldn't get over their white and purple painting that I just wanted to grab and take home with me... All the yelp reviews were right, it's a great place with comfortable seating where you can take in the sights as well as people watch.My only complaint was that the waitress/server only came over to us twice: 1st to take our order2nd to give us our orderNever came back after??? Wow, thanks for the great service. Not
4	Stop #2 on our boys night brought us to View Bar...but not because we necessarily thought of it ourselves.  To be honest, it was mostly driven by the fact that we were afraid that our drunken friend from our first stop at Fontana was going to A) stop us from getting served more drinks, B) spill more of our drinks, or C) puke.  Or, in a worst case scenario, all of the above.  So, after deciding to bring him back to his room, we decided to just stay at Aria and keep the night rolling.  Though the TV's by the bar will generally have sports on, it's somewhat contrary to what the design is probably going for.  Between the overall decor and the numerous couches/sofas, View Bar is more of a plush, lounge type of spot.  It's definitely the kind of place where you can camp out for a while with friends though, and given it's open views and  proximity to the front desk, it's a prime location for some people watching as well.The price on their drinks isn't too bad (by Vegas standards), and the size of their pours is pretty fair for the most part.  One of my buddies also noted the solid selection of top shelf alcohol to pick from, and we got to learn a bit about some of the ones we weren't as familiar with from the waitress.  The bartenders can mix some pretty good drinks as well, but there was a bit of a mix-up when I tried to order a drink I had just heard of.  When I put in an order for a "007" with the waitress, I ended up getting a glass of Seagram's Seven instead.  I guess they sound kinda similar, but the drinks definitely are not.Overall a good spot to kill some time, but definitely more of a mature, sophisticated type of spot.  Nice place to redeem your complimentary drink coupons here as well.
5	Great bar.  The bartender Joe  knows the back story of all the liquor, including vodka from Austin, and every bourbon on my list plus a new one:  Makers 46. Sweet, smooth 94 proof.
4	Went there to wait for colleagues to show up for a team dinner.Set down in the chairs and watched the crowd pass the hotel lobby.Service was very attentive and serving beside my drinks a very good variety of nuts. I ordered a nice cocktail "Arianette" (or similar). This drink was fresh and very tasty.Good place for watching people and getting a nice drink!!!
5	Came here while waiting for our dinner reservations at Sage right next door. The girl serving us was very attentive and the little snacks they served with the drinks wasn't too shabby either. Price wise, was fair, even for Vegas standards. I had the Mystic which I would recommend. Subtle yet delicious!
1	So here i am in Vegas and we stumble upon Aria, a new hotel. Upon arrival i was very impressed with the nice designs and contemporary styles of the hotel. My family and I browse around and we passed by this bar, the "View Bar" We came in and took our own seats because they did not seat us, which is is fine. And then it went downhill from there. We had this rude Asian server that literally ignored more than half the questions we had asked about the drinks. Not only that. but she would scoff at every response. Being treated this way, we decided to just leave. Overall, she had a appalling attitude and was extremely rude. View bar, lose the attitude.
4	Comfy seats  and fun drinks with AWESOME service.  You can actually carry on a conversation here.  They also have cigars available for purchase.  My only gripe is that there's a bar at the top of the plexiglass around the bar, which impedes the people watching a bit.  Also, the signage isn't good, so we walked right past it at first.
5	Top notch drinks. Excellent service. Comfy seating. Good enough ventilation you have to sit right next to smoker to really notice them. Tasty wasabi nuts to munch on. We stopped in here for drinks before dinner at Sage and our cocktails were unique and heavenly. My husband ordered something that came with three stuffed olives - all different flavors. He loved them. When he said so to our waitress, she brought out three more spears of olives even though he didn't order another drink. The only thing I question was the waitresses' uniforms. Of the four waitresses we saw, it only fell right on one of them. They should choose a uniform that is flattering on more body types since they succeeded in making two extremely beautiful women look frumpy.
2	I came here expecting a view but found out it is located near the lobby on Floor One!  Don't make my mistake.
4	The environment is great.  Had some drinks with friends and it was a great place to hang out.  The pianist provided some excellent music and the seats were comfortable.  Unlike most places in Vegas, it didn't smell like smoke which was nice.  It's a great place to get away from the business of the Strip and just relax and converse with friends.  The only con was that there was only one waitress working.  She was really nice, but it took her a while to get our drinks.  Maybe if there were more people working, we wouldn't have waited so long.  The Aria is a great new place to be and the View bar goes along with that.
4	I stopped here for a quick drink and to people-watch.  I found that pretty much any bar you come to at Aria, you will be pleased with.  I know it's called The View Bar but the only view you get is of the lobby floor with people walking by.  The specialty drinks were $12 but each of us in my group was able to find a drink to suit our taste.  The sitting area is pretty big and were were able to sit on a couch and chairs right by the entrance to the bar.  The little area was cozy and surrounded by a glass wall about waist-high.  There was a gentleman playing the  piano and singing cover songs, with dance music playing in between.  It took a few minutes to get the server's attention and then we realized she was the only server.  Very surprising for such a large area and on a Saturday night. She was nice enough and we had to wait an even longer while before we got our drinks.  The atmosphere is great for relaxing and the music is not so loud that you can't here your friends talking.  I know I will be back here again for a quick drink.
4	Some of the best cocktails I've had in Vegas, ever.  Exquisitely crafted.The seating looks plush enough, but we sat at the bar, watched a Giants game and the Clippers upset simultaneously.Locals ask for Manny.  He can apparently mix you anything if provided with a short three-word description.Any of the signature cocktails are a smart choice.  Not usually a cachaca fan, but their blends evoke a chocolately finish.  Mmmmm.Finished with a non-alcoholic ginger soda.  For a clean drink, it sure tasted like it was loaded with a cheap vodka.  Should have gone the route my sister took and finished with a fruit blended cocktail.  Her's had muddled strawberries.  Clean and refreshing.
5	I love this bar great service great drinks and a wonderful place to people watch
4	Very cool, good people watching spot. In the lobby at Aria staffed by attractive and efficient servers, it is probably exactly what you would and should expect in a very high end Strip resort.
5	Business travel takes me to Vegas 8 - 9 times a year. The View Bar is a comfortable place to visit after a long day at conventions or meetings.Manny and Joe are the best bartenders in Vegas! they make you feel at "Home". Great place to meet with business associates or many of the locals.Many local restaurant workers visit after thier shifts... That in and of itself speaks volumes about the bar and the level of service Manny and Joe provide.See ya Sunday, guys.
3	As a farewell celebration for my friend, we came to View Bar to wish him a wonderful trip back to New York. For the drinks, I've only had the Pinot Grigio, so nothing really to review on that end, but my friend had the Diva and it was a divine!  The drinks are strip prices, so don't be alarmed by the bill.The place wasn't busy to begin with, but the cocktail server was a little off.  She didn't really greet anyone, so we didn't know if she worked there or not.  When we arrived, she walked away from where we were sitting and we had to call her over to ask if we could get a little service.  I also asked her to close my tab and I don't think she heard me because she didn't bring my bill right away until asked a second time.  I mean, c'mon!  It wasn't busy or loud, so I know you heard me!I wasn't THAT impressed with the lounge, but on the other hand, I wasn't in the mood TO BE impressed as it was a low key kind of night if you know what I mean.  Although I wasn't thrilled about it, I did expect to pay a little more and didn't really want to be near the strip that night.  Unfortunately, my friend was staying there and I needed to visit him as support.  I wouldn't have anyone reading my review as a total determining factor when deciding to go here, because if you're in the mood for a night at the Aria, this place is consistent to that mood.  Offers a nice, chill, upscale vibe.  At the time of visit, it was just OK for me.
4	I LOVE THIS BAR!  It's better than the Cosmo Chandlier Bar.  Less people and better service.  I was with a group of 10 people and decided to check this bar out.  We had a great cocktail waitress for a short time. The seating were very comfortable.  We got there at 1am and stayed till closing.  The drinks were great and lots of laughter.  I highly recommend this bar to anyone.
4	***View Bar is a nice bar and waiting area with friendly staff; it has a great location since it is very open and right next to Aria's front desk / check-in (the atmosphere is nice, bright and contemporary and it is very easy to see people at the bar and just outside of it); it makes for a great spot to wait or meet up with people***Like most (if not all) Vegas casinos, Aria features both complimentary valet and self parking.
4	drink before dinner...open lobby bar aria resort...view of the lobby and restaurants...awaiting others...seated solo by the bar...eyes on the television...$twelve drink specials from five pm to eight pm...complimentary bar nuts and wasabi peas to snack...dewar's twelve year old rob roy martini cocktail $twelve....containing sweet vermouth and bitters...potent, but delicious for scotch/whiskey cocktail drinkers...a man drink and ladies beware...bartenders courteous and friendly...lighter sweeter diva cocktail recommended for the ladies...two drinks and $thirty total...
5	As usual, the service here is excellent and the drinks are very good. Great place to kick back and people watch. The lady playing the piano was awesome.
1	I unfortunately cannot comment on the drink quality, as we did not stay to finish ours. I am a guest at the hotel, but this might be my last and only stay here.TL;DR: what could have been a wonderful evening was ruined by a drunk patron first verbally, then physically, accosting our group. Security response? Not on the cams, can't do anything.The View is a *cigar* bar in the Aria, which is why we chose to have drinks there. I know cigars are not always an appealing smell, which is why we chose this location--so we did not bother people.Upon taking a seat in the corner my two friends lit their cigars and we ordered drinks. While waiting for them to arrive, a man sitting nearby shouted to us, first insulting the quality of our cigars then our appearance. We were put off by this, but we ignored it. It's Vegas, and people get unruly.He and his group moved off to another area, and we considered the event settled. A few minutes later, before our drinks even arrived, he walked over, stood over our seats, and commented on (a) the quality of our cigars, (b) our perceived income levels, and (c) our appearances, once again. At this point, we were shocked that there was NO response by the bar staff. He was pulled back by a friend.A few minutes later, he came over for a second time, snatched the cigar from my friend's hand, and threw it on the table. My other friend called for security, as this guy was being really aggressive and intimidating. STILL no security called--nothing was done until I asked the bar to send someone, which they did...eventually. He was, again, pulled back by the SAME friend.The member of security talked to us, asked what had happened. We explained. He told us he'd discuss the situation with his superiors and get back to us. On the way out, he talked to the other group. In the meantime, our drinks were delivered, but we did not feel comfortable enough drinking them. When he returned, the message was: we reviewed the tapes, and they caught nothing. Sorry. The security team member who talked to us was nice and did what he could--this is on the security management. We had untouched drinks, a damaged cigar, a ruined evening, and zero response from the hotel.At an upscale place like the Aria, I really expected better. This is a huge disappointment, and completely changes my perception of the hotel.
4	Nice casual bar located in the Aria hotel. To be honest I went here thinking it actually had a view across the city! Still a good find and it's a nice open bar with plenty of seating and some great drinks.Just a word of warning the free snack include wasabi peas... didn't realise what they were at first but they made us go through our drinks pretty quick when we did!
4	Getting ready to paint the town and celebrate my birthday, we stopped in the View Bar to get the evening started. There were few patrons so seating was easy. A nice couch and a deep seat and the three of us settled in for a couple of beers and a cucumber martini that the mad russian ( my lovely date) raved about. The cocktail waitress was very friendly and came often to chat with us and make sure we had all we needed- she even brought us some really good wasabi peas in a big bowl because she saw how much we enjoyed them. Good drinks, great service and good snacks make this a convenient little place to get your evening started in the Aria Resort.
4	Went there multiple times during our two most recent trips to Vegas. Great bar!  I am very sensitive to smoke but my husband loves to smoke cigars. The ventilation system is so great that I was able to sit next to him on a couch while he smoked two cigars and wasn't bothered at all. The layout of the bar makes it great for any occasion. There were several couples having intimate drinks, business people meeting and a bachelorette party all at the same time and none were a bother to the others. The music level is just right as well. Definitely a go-to spot for me on any trip to Vegas. Plus, the Aria pipes in good smelling air which I love.
5	Talk about a great bar and an even greater Bartender. Ramsey is the shit. He had our whole group in fits of laughter all evening. So much so that we only intended on one drink but ended up staying until the sun was well on its way to being fully out. The Bar as well as all other aspects of this hotel are top notch. Absolutely staying here on our next visit to Vegas. We were with a group of half smokers and half non smokers, and there were zero complaints from either side about the smoke and ambiance.
3	Pretty good look at the heavy # of people walking around the Casino. staff were nice. Not the cheapest spots for drinks though
3	The bar was right next to the entrance of the guest elevators which was really convenient. You walk out of the elevators and to the left, there it is!The ambiance was nice. When we were there, there was live piano music going on and she was singing things from Bruno Mars to Coldplay and more. it was an enjoyable experience. Their drinks were quite strong and delicious as well -- at least for me, coming from someone who is more of a lightweight drinker.
5	I love this bar. Its a simple casino bar BUT the environment and service make it the best place ever. If you go make sure Manny mixes your drinks. Awesome mixologist and the best humor ever. Believe me you'll come out being buddies with him. This is a great place to hit before a night club or even end the night there. Everytime I drive out to Vegas even if for a 1 day trip I make sure to hit this place up.
