1	LIke the other reviewer, I stayed here because I had a free BW night to use that was about to expire.  Never again, even for free.I got to my room, and immediately cracked up at the GIGANTIC wood-cabinet console tv from god knows what era.  I will attempt to post a picture, as it needs to be seen to be believed.  I left my room once to get take-out food at the "Italian" restaurant on property.  Very sleazy joint.  I wanted to take a shower after even being in there, but that would require getting into the gross shower in my bathroom - wow, what a toss-up.  Needless to say, I did not leave my room once I got back - very sketchy neighborhood.  And I left the next day as soon as possible.Do not stay here.
4	Please!!!!! Do not believe the other reviewers. Realistically, you can not expect a room like the Hilton when you are paying $40. The room was clean and spacious. The decor should not matter. The restaurant on the property has good pizza and the service is nice. The have free wifi, and a computer in the lobby that you can print things from, such as directions to you next destination. It is close to freemont street. Having a car is nice though. The staff was nice and helpful. No neighborhood outside of the strip in Vegas is of great quality, so get over it. The bathroom was clean and the beds were comfortable. All in all, I definitely recommend this hotel for those on a budget.......and possible a car. Oh yeah, and they give you a complimentary 12 oz beer for each person staying in the room and a 10% off coupon for dinner at their restaurant.
2	It was good for the price and convenience.
2	Good for price.
4	I usually stay on fairmont when visiting old Vegas, but every hotel was booked. The Best Western Main Street Inn was the closest hotel I could get and was honestly scared to stay here do to the other Yelp reviews. However, I had an excellent stay! My room was bigger than most hotel rooms and very clean. The staff was pleasant and helped me get a cab to Fairmont. Of course this is not the best part of town, but I felt safe and would definitely stay here again.   **as far as the picture of the "ghetto" tv console... My room had a normal TV stand and had nothing that I would say is out of the ordinary for a hotel.
2	It's North Las Vegas, so close yet so far from the bright lights, high rollers, that Vegas thrill. The area is not the most attractive. They usually give you a voucher for a free beer at the restaurant next to the lobby. You don't like free beer? Whats wrong with you?  Fairly clean rooms. My only quip was my door wouldn't open for some reason. Spent almost 30 minutes going back and forth from my room to the lobby trying to explain to the lady at the front desk that I was doing it right and it still wasnt working, while she rolls her eyes at me. After waiting another 30 mins, the handyman came and figure out that the electronics for was busted and he had to replace the whole lock assembly. See I told you I wasn't crazy, lady!    Im sure there are better hotel rooms available few blocks down.
1	I wish there was a way to leave a -5 star review. The name of this place is actually "Americas Best Value" Inn. For americas best value we recieved a neighborhood that looked like it was out of the movie Colors, dated furnishings and decor, putrid smelling and horrible stained carpet, an uncomfortable bed and a mildew ridden bathroom. We usually stay on the strip but this was a family trip and we needed multiple rooms so we went for the cheaper option. There were no other rooms available in or near the area and we were 257 miles away from home otherwise we would have high tailed it out of there. With no other options we drove to the nearest Walmart and bought all of the Lysol, bleach and  febreze that we could in order to attempt to sanitize this place. Nothing we did got rid of or even covered that smell In any of the rooms for more than a few minutes.We will never stay here again.
