5	I have an 11-year old toy poodle and a year old Maltese. I've had the toy poodle at several places around town over the years, but this is the place he seems to like the most. He always seems to get scared at other places, but he doesn't here.The Maltese is still getting used to getting groomed, and the people here have treated him very gently and of the three places I've tried with him, he looks the best after coming here.I highly recommend this place.They also offer a self-wash option, but I've only used the full grooming service.
5	We love the dog wash. They do a great job,are always friendly and save me $20 over Pet Co. I am always going to go here.!!!
3	Friendly people that work there and very accommodating. They were able to fit my pup in last minute. He got a wash and trim and looks clean and smells good too!They also have a self wash for those interested. Very reasonable pricing on the grooming.Will be back.
5	I am a poor college student and they helped me out soo much, they have great prices and they do a great job. I have a pomeranian that gets a lion cut and I've taken her here 4 times now and each time she had looked great!
2	Review of the SELF SERVICE part only.I live in the SW area - Mountain's Edge - but my favorite Vet is in Green Valley. Took my dog to see the vet and, much to my dismay, they expressed his glands. Stinky dog in car, I quickly realized we were NOT going to make it back home to our regular self-service dog wash. Quick Yelp search pointed me to The Dog Wash. Tucked back in the Good Will/In-N-Out/Chuck E Cheese shopping plaza, this place was tricky to find. I almost gave up, but then saw the sign pointing me to the NE most corner of the lot. The staff was friendly, the price was average for my sized dog. The equipment was older - rusted door to the bath tub, apron clasp broke. I was not a fan of how close we were to the tub/table next to us. The guy was diligently drying his dog and I was washing mine and as any self-service dog washer knows....water gets everywhere! The poor guy kept getting over spray from my hose and also from the dog when he shook.I was not a fan of how their soap comes out the same tube as the water. I had no choice but to turn the water at FULL FORCE in order to get any kind of lather which in turn made our tub even more splishy and splashy. :(Sorry to say, i probably won't be back because I don't live in the area and it's not convenient, but even if I did...I might not.
2	This review is for the self-service dog wash only.  I have not used their grooming services.I'll start with the positives - the staff was very friendly and helpful.  They also had a great selection of very lovely collars that were reasonably priced (plus on sale when we were there!).  It is open on Sundays, which some other places are notUnfortunately, I did not like the way their system was set up.  It was like repurposed parts from a car wash! The soap was only available through the same hose as water, which is weird and doesn't really work well on a dog.  Plus they charge $2 extra for conditioner!! When I was there, all of the (4) stations were occupied, and none of us had hot or even warm water.  Probably not pleasant for my dog, and was definitely not pleasant for me.  They had minimal grooming accoutrements (e.g. brushes and such) and no separate blow dry area.  All in all, my dog wash was ~$15, way more than Wag N Tails nearby on Sunset and about the same as my favorite Poochy Klean.  Just not worth it for the poor quality. If you do need to go here, be aware that it's very hard to find! It's tucked in the very back of a shopping center at the southeast corner of Eastern/215.
1	I took my dog there a few weeks ago at 2:45 and there was a note on the door "out for lunch, back in 15" so we waited 25 minutes and when no one ever came back we finally left and went to the Soggy Dog. Having lunch is FINE, but don't say 15 mins when it really means CLOSED. Wasted an hour of my day waiting and driving to the other place.
3	Came to wash my large mixed breed dog with tons of undercoat. Called ahead of time and walked in close to closing time. The women who was working was with another customer at the time but welcomed me and said She would be with me soon. She finished up and showed us the system and where things were. I began I wash and blow out my dog which soon became a very hairy mess. The associate began to vacuum up the hair but asked if my dog was ok before starting. After finishing the bath she checked us out. I was quoted $15 for a large dog. She then told me the price would be $10. She had a coupon she would use. The women was extremely nice and helpful the whole service.The only down fall was location and the equipment was a little difficult to use because of set up with a big dog.
5	I took my Rex in to be washed and get the mats out as he HATES to be brushed.  The Dog groomer Sarah called me half way through and told me she couldn't finish him as he had sores on him and they didn't want to take the chance of infecting the other dogs. She told me he needed to go to a vet immediately and only charged me half price so I could afford to take him to a vet right then.  They found a good one for me that had a coupon for a free office visit and they would see me right away.   It turned out he was full of foxtails embeded into the poor babies skin.  I had no clue.  I got an antibiotic for the sores and Sarah took him back and finished him beautifully for quite a fair price.  He looked so good and happy! All the foxtails gone and we are keeping them out.  Thank goodness for Sarah at the Dog Wash!   It's true, with these people the animals welfare comes first.
5	the staff was awesome and the groomer that helped with my dog was outstanding!
4	Check out the 2 for 1 Tuesdays! The best deal in town if you have 2 dogs. I'm not a fan of the way the shampoo is dispersed (like a car wash), but they gave me shampoo in the bottle for my dogs. Will return!
4	Took my doggie in for a wash. They have great little washing stations complete with water hoses that have shampoo mixed in and ones that have conditioner mixed in. Easy peasy! We were in and out. The only downfall is it was a little pricier than I thought it should have been, like $12. When you're doing the washing yourself, it shouldn't be any more than $10 IMO.
3	We have been coming here for years. It has switched owners more times than I can count. But they have always kept us at the same great rate. Well looks like things have changed. The new owner has raised it out of my price range for our two dogs. Looks like we are going to have to look for a new groomer.
1	This is no longer the dog wash its called alicias dog wash. They are 20 for self wash which is ridiculous in itself. They dont keep it clean and they dont have the best shampoos.  I believe i spoke to the owner because she was very rude and defensive.
3	Great place. The groomer did my pups nails pretty quick. Reasonable price, but for $15 I should be able to clean my dogs ears too. Also, if blasting the water is the only way for soap to dispense, then consider having some tearless shampoo so we don't have to drown our dogs.
