1	When I wanted a cheap quick haircut or trim, I would always take my extremely fine straight hair to Mastercuts.I talked them up... always told people how they cut my hair right.They used to be chatty, used to be friendly... but I walked in there yesterday to get a quick trim... And the girl... she looked at me like I was trash just cuz I was white.I told her all I wanted was a trim... and she gave me a trim.  My hair is layered (since it's so fine) and down my back, so fairly easy and some really long bangs to frame the cheekbones and it's tapered off into the length.Yeah... I left feeling like my hair was lopsided but couldn't figure out why.So I fixed it up today... yeah... my left side bangs are longer than my right by about 3 inches.  The taper on the left side just looks like a shag look when my right side is done correctly.Now... I'm no hairstylist.  I shouldn't have to tell them how to cut my hair when I ask for a flipping trim nor should I have to check to make sure it's even.  That's what I pay them for.On top of that... the girl said not a word.  I'm ok with silences... but I'm not ok with bitchy "I'm better than you" silences. (girls know the difference)If the customer service had been there, I probably wouldn't be so irritated.  But it was terrible.I'm going back today to get my hair fixed... and I'll post how that goes.
1	Not cool... and Jessica is never going back.So I went home that night and searched for my receipt.  Nope... I remember her asking me if I wanted a receipt and all they do is clutter my already overflowing purse, so I said no... trusting they did my hair right.I walk in receiptless.And get rejected because I don't have my receipt.Nope.Bye bye now... that wasn't cool... and now neither is my hair because I had to go to Target and buy friggen shears to fix it myself... it was THAT bad.
5	I would like to Yelp my awesome hair stylist "Kimba". She turned my headwreck into a masterpiece. Beautiful red highlights, cute updated hair cut. The entire staff is down to earth and friendly. It was a great experience and you don't have to pay an outrageous price.If you want to look Marvelous on a budget, you need to contact Kimba!!!!!!Thanks for making me beautiful :)
5	Mylissa has given my daughter and me the *best* cuts! If you can, see her. She will take great care of you!
5	Best place for color. They really work with you. Been coming here for years....don't trust anyone else.
3	Convenient, fast, and a good cut.
1	I dont know if this girl was new or what but my sons hair is not long wanted a simple fade boys haircut it took her 50 minutes geeeeez the place was nice but she took way long
5	I finally found the best hair color specialist and stylist at this location.  Maggie is the manager also.  She is the best of the best with hair color and I finally found someone to give the perfect A line bob.  I have had my hair colored for years and now I finally found the best.  Maggie is No. 1 ! - CW
1	I went in yesterday for a trim, clean up, thinning, and some layers on my hair but I feel like my stylist did a mediocre job. When I took a better look at my hair at home it didn't look like she added any layers at all.On top of that, my stylist charged me extra for blow drying my hair and my friend who went with me didn't get charged for a blow dry. What the heck? I have never been to a salon where a blow dry wasn't included because I've never been sent out of a salon with wet hair. The last time I came here when Cass was still working there I didn't get charged for a blow dry either. I don't think I will ever come back to this place. It's just as bad as Great Clips but more pricey!
1	I'm so beyond displeased with my hair. I had Amanda I think, and I was so excited because I showed her what I wanted and she raved how excited she was to do my cut. First of all when she washed my hair she didn't rinse it thoroughly so I was itching my scalp the rest of the day and second of all she ABSOLUTELY DID NOT DO ANYTHING NEAR TO WHAT I ASKED. My layers aren't even blended at all, it looks like I have a bob at the top of my head and then the bottom layers are long, I asked her to keep my length and she cut off way more than I asked her to. I asked her to frame my face so when I pull my hair up I can have those pieces hanging down and it looking nice, nope she framed HALF my face and the other half is just a long strand hanging, doesn't even look right when I try to pull anything down, I have to just pull it up because even the one side she did is so unbelievably choppy it just looks like my 2 year old god daughter did it. I can't even put my hair in a ponytail with how she cut my layers it just looks awkward. I didn't even notice how poorly she did my hair because when she styled it, it looked amazing so even if it wasn't what I wanted I was happy. But when I came home and the style went flat I noticed all the terrible things she had done to my hair. I don't even want to go back and get it fixed. I decided to go here because my old stylist used to work here and I thought the others would be just as good. I could have went to Great Clips with the same cut and half the price. Definitely not returning. She was extremely nice but should not be cutting hair.
2	It's a hit or miss here. I had one good haircut, but every time I went back I had a different person cut my hair and it was bad. I went in a few days ago and asked for one inch off my split ends and she cut off about 4 inches. My hair was wet so I didn't realize how short she cut it until I got home
1	Poor customer service walked in there has to get my daughters hair cut right away they said it be 45 minutes.  No one was in there. I understand appointments but learn customer service and try saying hello.
