3	Although they're cheap, and their place is nice, and they're fairly quick, I'm not sure I trust their sanitation practices -- didn't see a single jar of barbicide or sanitizer in the entire place, and I looked pretty hard. Then again, they didn't clean my cuticles for my rather expensive manicure ($50 pink/white acrylic) and they don't do any sort of hand treatment, either.It's fast, it's priced fairly, but it isn't the "whole experience" and the staff is pretty unprofessional and not too friendly. Their main goal is having you in and out, not giving you the best experience possible. I'd even go down to two stars, but that seems a bit harsh -- the actual manicure is good -- if your fingernails/cuticles/hands are already in great shape, you'll probably be happy, but I prefer a little more TLC when it comes to paying someone to do my nails.
2	I was not blown away by this place, unfortunately.  The good: The atmosphere was very cool and it didn't reek of chemicals, which I really appreciated.  The place is huge and they had a ton of staff working so it would be great for a large group.  And they give you a drink for free.  Finally, I was surprised that the prices were so reasonable.The bad: My pedi was done very quickly and I had to re-file my nails after I got home to make them look right.  Also, there was no topcoat on my nails, just the color.  I did get the feeling, like some other reviewers, that they were just interested in getting me in and out.  The empty tubs next to me didn't look too clean like there was a residue in them...nasty.  With so many other nail places around, I am probably going to try a few different ones before I go back here.FYI, tip is only cash or check.  I'm one of those people who never have cash in my wallet so I didn't like that too much.
4	There is nothing better than getting a manicure/pedicure and enjoying a glass of free wine. This is a great place to go with the girls. The prices are reasonable and the free drinks make it that much better! I have been to the one on Providence Rd. and the one in Southpark and have had a great experience at both of them. They are often busy so you may have to wait, but it is definitely worth it. The only negative to Polished Nail Bar is that depending on who you get for your manicure and pedicure and how busy they are, you may not get as much of the pampering and massage part as you would like. I don't know about you, but that is my favorite part. One of my friends barely got any massage while the rest of us got several minutes of both leg and hand massage.  Other than that this is really great place!
2	My aunt found this place because it has handicapped parking right in front of the door so it is easier for my grandma to get in an out. So yesterday we decided to go because my grandma and my cousin wanted to get a mani and pedi and I wanted to get a mani and eye brow wax. When we walked in I was impressed at all the fancy lights and the layout of the shop. At first everything seemed to be going well, but after my grandma and my cousin got settled in to their pedicure chairs and I sat up at the nail bar, that is when I started to become disappointed with this location. I noticed the floor was filthy, then my grandma accidentally splashed water on the nail tech's face. The girl had a fit, left to washed her face, then came back with a scowl on her face complaining because my grandma (who is almost 90 years old) ACCIDENTALLY splashed water on her face. Really!? Anyways, I was happy with the 3 people who helped me. I don't understand why it takes 2 different people to do a manicure, but they did a very good job. The 1st person was great, he listened to my concerns and the 2nd person was kind enough to put nail hardener on for my base coat. When it was time for my eyebrow wax, the 3rd person was really sweet too, and did a wonderful job shaping my brows, the downfall was she left a bunch of wax on my face.So for $27 and a $3 tip for a mani, eye brow wax and a free water, I can honestly say this place is over rated. The concept is great; get wine, beer, soda, or water for free while you get you nails done. I just think that the less than 5 star quality of customer service needs to be corrected. I have never had such a poor experience, and the rudeness towards my grandma makes me not want to go back. Additionally my grandma ended up having to file her nails again after we got home and now has an infection on her toe. Not fun.Note: -Only cash or check for tips.           -Bring your own polish so you can do touch ups between visits. I recommend MAC nail polish is stays on better than any other polish I have used.
1	$45 for a shellac manicure?!? Everywhere else in town is $30-$35, what a rip off. Plus, the uv dryer was covered in filth on the inside, not sanitary at all. I used to love Polished, and I guess it would be fine if you're doing the basic mani/pedi, but don't come here for the shellac/gellish/axxium manicure. I won't be back.Update: The owner sent me a nasty email right after I posted this, saying my bad experience must be bad karma (?? for always tipping a lot ??), and that saying his filthy uv dryer was filthy (sorry, it was actually sticky, gross) was unethical.  Add poor customer service as another reason not to come back here.
1	What a waste of money! I had the OPI gel manicure last week and it has already peeled off! $45 is ridiculous amount to pay even if it would of lasted 2-3 weeks. I live in Los Angeles and even at the trendy, expensive places you don't pay more than $35. Will not be returning on any of my next visits to Charlotte.
4	I'm always greeted warmly and taken care of when I am there. Recently, I tried a new type of gel manicure right before a trip, and strangely , it turned a weird color while I was traveling. When I went back in after my trip , Sonny took care of redoing my nails free of charge, no problem, and the tech did an excellent job. My nails looked perfect for over a week (a regular mani, not the gel). My friends and I come here a fair amount before dinner or drinks out, and I have never had a bad experience at Polished on South End. It's true that there is some variation in the quality of mani-pedi (meaning how long it lasts) depending on who you get, but I think that would be the case anywhere. If you are looking for a small, quiet nail salon where you are always going to get the same tech, this may not be your thing. But my experience has been attentive service and friendly staff.
5	Hayley did my nails for 5 years! She is amazing! The staff was always very friendly and helpful! It was SUPER CLEAN and they always offered me a beverage!! 5 stars for sure!!!!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. This place is awful, and here's why:1) They are sloppy - I can do a better job painting my nails myself.2) Their "no-chip" manicures should be called "don't last" manicures. Mine was bubbling and coming off after 5 days.3) They charge  you to remove the garbage no-chip manicures they apply AND they give you an attitude the entire time they are taking it off.4) The management is rude. They had a young girl working the register when I was there last night and even she was about as pleasent as a skin rash.5) The pedicure experience is better than the pedicure itself. The foot massage and chairs are great, but the the pedicures are sloppy and chip WAY too quickly.Don't go here. That's all I can say.
5	I honestly have never gotten my nails done at Polished and not that I want to write a review about waxing- but all I can say is Hayley is fabulous-quick and professional. I have visited here for six years and will continue to. Tips in cash or check only.
3	Arrived right on time this Saturday, a little bit after getting there the place was packed. They said they were booked with parties the rest of the day. They had new chairs since the last time I was there, very nice... pedicure was good but I didnt get to sit and relax after as they needed the chair... had to move and sit at the mani station which I, of course, hit my toes and messed up 3 of them. The girl who did my nails was quick to fix. I prefer to relax/enjoy a little more but can understand when people are waiting they are in a rush to move you, the pedi took 30 mins which is decent, Ive had placed push you out in 20 or so. This place is decent, I prefer other salons but my friend loves this one. They have a large color selection and all the latest colors which is a plus, most other salons in the area are behind and have 1/2 the colors they offer.
3	I was not blown away by Polished. I came here on a recommendation that they are good with their mani and pedi. I liked the person who did my nails, she was nice and friendly.  When I had called to get a quote on regular pedi and shellac mani, it was $45. I even echoed back to her, $45?? So I went ahead and booked the appointment.So here is the low down.  After what I felt like a rushed job on my mani and pedi.. Then finding out it was $65 or so dollars, I was soo bummed!  But I just went ahead and paid for the services.I came home and looked at my nails and I was even more bummed out that it was not even a great of a job. I saw spots where it should have been covered on my fingernails and toenails. And! The first time I have ever had shellac mani - it lasted forever! This one was lasted only 1 week and I saw the space between my cuticles and nail polish that appeared. I just cannot seem to find a great nail salon here in Charlotte! *sigh* I am still in search for another one =TI give it 3 stars, cause the location is near, and they offered champagne, which I declined. The massage chair was not too bad. The nail salon lady was nice.  I am still in search for another nail salon...
5	Michelle is phenomenal! I've been traveling & hit some major cities for my pampering needs & Michelle represents Polished to the 10th power. Although at first I thought the man who was preparing my chair was my technician, but the Haley, the "Traffic Controller" informed me that he is part of the prep team. I was offered a seat on the plushed, white leather furniutre, a glass of wine, which I was impressed by the selection & waited all of a few minutes until I was greeted by Michelle. After a quick introduction, I inquired about other services & viola! Michelle's vast & great experiences made me a very SATISFIED customer. Over the next 2.5 hours I indulged in the best waxing, mani/pedi and socializing one can experience at full service nail salon. Gold star to the creator of the interior layout, all the setting needs now is a South Beach or Manhattan back drop. Ipolished is definitely in sync of the high standards of sanitized, affordable and welcoming customer service and Michelle's craft is absolutely worth the 200 miles every 2 weeks.
2	First timer at Polished and excited because I was going with some fantastic ladies who recommended it due to the great location and complimentary glass of wine.  The company I went with and the wine were the best things about it and it stopped there.  The decor was pleasant and trendy, but my experience was not very good.  The selection of nail polishes was scant-although the selection for purchase was vast (wonder why?).  The water in my basin was cool and my massage chair broke two minutes into it and I was not offered anything in compensation.  The foot massage lasted all of two minutes and I believe the entire pedicure lasted maybe a total of 20 minutes-if that.  I really loved Decor Nails on Park and perhaps will continue my mani-pedi journey there.
4	Fav part of a mani and pedi- the massage chair!!!!  Staff and the look are great. Easy to walk in and be pampered for the hour. Price is normal for Charlotte and II will be back!
1	As a first timer to Polished, I was excited because it was recommended to me by a close friend.  Boy was she wrong. I went in for a quick shellac manicure...and that's exactly what it was...quick.  I was in and out within 20 minutes.  My massage, if that's what you call it, was a mere 30 seconds on each arm.  I can rub my own lotion in better than that.  Four days later, I found myself back at Polished to have my cracked and chipped polish redone.  It has been less than 48 hours and it looks like a 4 year old painted my nails.  If you want a better manicure...ask your boyfriend to do you nails.  I will never go back.
3	In desperate need of a manicure/pedicure I trekked over here after seeing it from the Whole Foods parking lot. If you read this and are planning on visiting the NYC area anytime soon go to ten/ten in Tribeca or the Parker Meridian Hotel. These are nail salons by which I generally judge all others and they are a tough act to compete with.I walked in, they took me right away. Nearly two weeks later my pedicure is going strong. I managed to mess up my mani before I left but that was no ones fault but my own. It was $35 for the services which was more or less in line with what I pay at home.
3	A good nail salon is hard to find, like a good parking space Saturday at the mall.  I decided to try Polished after reading the reviews on here, and constantly seeing the salons around town.  I went for my birthday, to treat myself .  It was ok, slightly better than decent.  The ambiance was very nice, modern and hip.  If I was a housewife on one of those shows I would go here, it would make for "Good TV".  However I'm not on one of those shows and all I wanted was a great Mani/Pedi, instead I got a rushed job.  Two people were working on me at once, in theory this sounds great....but I just felt like I was taking up space and they were ready for me to go.  The staff was friendly enough, but the work I received was C+ at best.  One upside is they do serve wine and beer.  They don't have a huge drink selection, but then again they're a nail salon not a bar.
1	Got gel manicure Saturday. It started peeling off today, Wednesday. I haven't done any activity to warrant this. Just my regular routine.
3	I normally get my nails done in Stonecrest or Ballantyne, but over the holidays, I met a couple of friends for lunch at Cowfish.  After lunch, we headed over to Polished to get our nails done.  Unfortunately our lunch ran longer than expected, and I had a hair appointment for a little later that I could not reschedule. Because I had to leave in time to make it to my appointment, I had to forgo the mani and just get a basic pedi. I told my nail tech that I needed to get in & out in a hurry and she  did a good job meeting my time constraint.  She was fast but not sloppy. The only thing that could have been better was if she had applied a drying serum to my toenails because after I left the salon, I messed up the polish on my big toe. Bummer! This location seems to be a little smaller than the Stonecrest location, but they still had plenty of chairs and enough nail technicians working so that we did not have to wait.  I thought the service here was a-ok.If you happen to be in the SouthPark/Philips Place area and want to get a quick mani or pedi without blowing your budget, this is not a bad place.
1	I have been numerous times and everytime I am never completely satisfied when I leave, they can't shape my eyebrows correctly, my shellac manicure is always uneven. Also something that drives me crazy is that u can't tip on the credit card.
5	Got my brows done very quickly and it was very inexpensive! She listened to what I wanted and they looked great! Last time I got them done somewhere else I ended up looking scary/angry! This time they were still thick enough with a good arch! Yay!
4	I have only gone to this Polished (near South Park mall) so I have no idea what the other Polished locations are like. It is definitely hit or miss with whatever manicurist you get when you walk in. I've been several times and have had amazing results and then other times my shellac will start peeling after the third day. I suggest finding someone you like and making an appointment with them.Amy is my favorite and always does a great job!
3	So I went back to Polished recently and decided to up my rating from 2 stars to 3. My pedicure was still mediocre. It was not special at all and the massage was pretty much non existent. It's what I look forward to the most so I was sad about that. Anyway, the 3 stars is for the really cool atmosphere and ability to go with a large group. There were 6 of us and we all got pedicures at the same time. Also, the free glass of wine was nice. So go with a big group and have fun but don't expect to be blown away by your pedicure.
1	Well on my return visit not so good. Decided to get my nails painted in a funky yellow and green French.....Well everything was good until she was "done" None of the edges of my nails had paint on them and the French tips were totally uneven, they looked so messy.....when I asked her to fix it, she said she couldn't and blamed it on what I wanted being "too hard to do".So when I asked for a refund they wouldn't refund me for the "manicure", my cuticles look terrible.So yea they gave me a gift certificate to make amends but I do not think I'll be using it......Customer service was awful they wouldn't talk to me.....just kept looking away and talking to each other.....If you want your nails to look messy go here.
5	Michelle is the highlight of my move to CLT...her waxing & nail skills are phenomenal.
5	First class!!!! I can say that this is the ONLY place in Charlotte I will get my nails done.  From the moment you walk in the door until the last nail dries you are pampered, spoiled and adored!  The nail professional are top notch, well trained experts at their craft.  Lina is part of our family, she has cared for me for the past four years and now her newest customer is my four year old daughter, Katherine!  I could go on forever with wonderful stories about all of the amazing staff!Don't miss an opportunities to visit this gem of south park Charlotte!
5	Loved there customer serves!
5	I am new to the area and needed the perfect nail salon.The best nail bar in charlotte hands down!!!it might just be the nicest nail salon I've ever been to! The atmosphere is amazing!! The customer service is the best!! And the services are amazing and affordable. I will definitely be back!
5	First class I was on this part of town so I decided to go out of my norm which was the ballantyne locale Ben the guy with the biggest smile gave me one of the best pedicures I've ever had and then Lina did my gel polish and it lasted much longer  also everyone here was young and so nice and they all spoke English which is a plus I like having a conversation with my nail techs instead of just tapping on the feet as communication but Ben was the highlight of my trip because somehow this guy with three baby mommas and three child support gave me the most thorough pedicure and the best foot massage I will definitely come back here from now on
4	Great service, but almost always packed! Definitely should make appointment if you're not willing to wait 20 minutes. Also a little on the expensive side for gel manicure.
1	Rudest nail tech ever. There are much better places than here. Also, cheaper with equal quality products. I have never had someone I paid for a service be so mean to me. Wtf? I should have just asked her to stop before she even really got started.
5	I stumbled upon this gem while grocery shopping at the Whole's Food next door.  The front desk greeted me and I received a mani/pedi for $35. So glad I found this salon.  Definitely will be returning.
5	Recently visited polished nailbar at southpark.  I met a few  of my friends there on Wednesday (sangria night).  It was busy but I enjoyed the downtime with my friends. This is the place to be for a girls night out.
2	when you're in a pinch, go.  But be forewarned.  You're cuticles will be a mess a day later.  Ragged and tearing.  And the coat that put on last....say no....because it may look nice, the the polish with chip within the week.
5	First off.... Free unlimited wineeeeeeSecond Ben, Hieu, and Ricky do the best full sets and fill ins. They always give you great on trend recommendations for your polish choices and you can come with a big group of your friends and everyone can get done at the same time. Did I mention free wine?Plus they do Cam Newtons mani/pedis. Enough said.
1	Not impressed or all that pleased at all. You are solely paying for the location and NOT the service/experience one would expect from an "upscale" nail salon.I decided to try out Polished yesterday since I was going to dinner in the area. I walked right in, let the girl know at the counter know that I wanted a manicure, and was instructed to pick my color and take a seat at "the bar."  They have an island of nail polish with various colors from essie and O.P.I and their manicure stations are set up like an actual bar complete with a cluster of TVs hanging from the ceiling.You grab a seat (your choice, given that it's not busy) and offered your choice of wine or non-alcoholic beverage, however, I was not offered anything. The woman who did my nails ended up cutting a chunk of my cuticle from my middle finger. You would think it was because she was rushing but the place was pretty quiet. There was barely an acknowledgement of her error, other than her dabbing that green ointment that immediately stops bleeding. She continued with the rest of manicure and I got to endure having a throbbing finger throughout the rest of it. After I paid and she applied the final coat of polish, I was never notified that there wasn't a dryer or any kind of drying station for the end of my manicure. So....I just had to sit at the bar/counter until I felt my nails were dry enough to leave.I've experienced MUCH BETTER service for less money at other nail salons and will not be going back, unless I'm physically dragged.
2	I took my daughter there for her birthday party and the nail technician rushed through her nails and never put a top coat on them.  All the nails clipped within less then 24 hours.  I'm not impressed and it's like pulling teeth to get the job done correctly.  It's taking extra time out of my busy life to get them repainted correctly within their time frame.  This was at the SouthPark location.
