4	Copps! When I'm not around a Kroger, you are a great grocery store stand-in. My dad lives in Madison, Wisconsin, which is where I experienced you. You had everything I needed and your produce and fish/poultry section was just beautiful and to die for. Great job! Plus, everything looked really clean and organized. I didn't see an organic section, but I'm hoping you have one. I'm sure you do, you wonderful store, you.Love,Kara
4	It's a clean store with lots of variety in an easy-to-find location. Overall the produce has been better than most of the other grocery stores I've been to. It's fresh and there always seems to be at least one person restocking it when I'm there. There could be more organic options, but it seems like the organic section has been growing recently.The bakery and deli are both good and the staff, while I always expect every place I go to be hit or miss, are helpful and have never been rude. The food is pretty good, too. They lots of options when you're looking for a quick bite to eat or last minute meal.They also have a salad bar and sushi bar, which I haven't tried, so I can't comment on the quality. There's plenty of variety, and weekly deals. The only issue I seem to run into every time I'm there is lack of cashiers and a long way to be on my way out the door. Luckily there's always self-checkout for when I'm feel impatient.
4	They did a nice job in the retooling of the produce/deli area.  It could still use a few tweaks, but it's better than it was.  I like the meat section.  It's probably the best in Sun Prairie. Far better than Woodmans.  I have only had to fight off ninjas twice in all the times I've ever gone into the store.  That's a plus in my book.  When I need some bread, a pint of Ben & Jerry's, and a sixer of diet Coke, I don't want to have to engage in hand-to-hand combat with Asian assassins every time I go in.  Once in a while, sure--I'll fight a ninja. You can't keep them from attacking customers 24/7 and I understand that. In fact, if I never got to fight a ninja while I was trying to buy taco shells and some Steak'ums, I'd probably go back to Woodmans where the ninja attacks are frequent and challenging, but it's just not something you want to deal with every day.
