3	I decided to try this place out to get my brows waxed since I pass it so often on my way to work. My best friend raved about how well they did her brows and nails. Well I can't say much about how they are with nails but as far as brows....I wouldn't come back. Though the woman who waxed my brows was very nice and attentively listening to how I wanted my brows, she simply gave me what I like to call "Moon Brows". Thin crescent shaped arches lol. I originally requested for her to keep the thickness and arch them a bit. Im very picky about my brows. So two stars for quick and friendly service and one star for the nice clean environment!
5	Since I just relocated to Charlotte, I needed to find a good nail spa. When I durst walked in, someone greeted me and asked that I needed. NO LINE, NO WAIT. My pedicure felt great. I didn't even have to ask the lady to touch up anything. She was every thorough. My pink and white is AWESOME. Not to thick or thin. Ask for Sam if you ever decide to check it out.
1	This nail shop was one of the worst experiences I've ever had and I've been getting my nails done since I was 15. Initially , I got a gel manicure because I am trying to go natural. Needless to say my nails are very weak and thin at this time since I recently removed the artificial nails. When I walked into the salon I was greeted and helped immediately. The nail tech proceeded to start the manicure however she didn't do much if any cuticle care or massaging. Basically their manicure is like a lengthy polish change. Little to no care for the actual nails. I chose my gel polish and everything LOOKED good. About 4 days after the gel manicure the polish began to peel. I went back to the shop where they only fixed the ones peeling. I explained to the nail tech that I wasn't happy with the brand of gel polish ( something called Gel 2) and wished to change brands to the OPI which is what I'm used to. I was told I would have to pay 20 dollars in order to have a full polish change which I felt was unfair because I just paid 30 dollars 4 days ago. The nail tech continued to just paint over the ones that were peeling. Well two days later new ones and recently 'fixed' ones began to peel again. I went back to the salon and spoke with the manager who I just knew would make this right. I showed her what happened and she tried to tell me gel polish does this sometimes. I explained to her that I was just there two days ago and I again asked if I could switch brands because I wasn't impressed with the Gel 2 polish. She says to do a polish change would be 20 dollars and that takes too long. I asked if she could just redo them all using the same polish then she again complains it'll take too long and she just fixed the peeling ones. She proceeds to soak off the peeling polish then finishes the pedicure already in progress as she speaks to another nail tech in Vietnamese. I can tell she's talking about me then in English says it told her it would take too long. I chime in a remind her I paid for a gel manicure which hasn't lasted and as a business and owner she needed to make it right. The same nail tech that did the screwed up job just two days ago comes in and speaks to the owner about my situation. He looks then the lets me know this is the last time they will fix my nails. And proceeded to scrap my nails to hurry the polish off. I told him it hurt and to stop. And they are right as I will not be returning. I've said all this to  say this place only cares about money and not their customers or correcting a mistake they've made. Do not waste your money or time here. You'll be sorry!
1	Worst nail place ever been to. Not only my nails were filed cruked  but the nail Polish looked like I put polish on myself. My manicure was finished in 11 minsWould not recommend this place
