4	I've purchased two bikes from the friendly folk down at Willy St. Bikes.  One was a junk mountain bike that I beat into the ground and the other was fantastic Bianchi that I plan on using as secondary transportation with gas being so pricey.  Both times I've had  excellent service by staff who know their stuff and are sincerely excited about bikes.  Not  sure about their service department (I've always used Machinery Row & Budget) but Willy St. Bikes has a great selection of harder to find bikes (I think they were the only dealer in town with the Milano) plus all the stand-bys.
5	The selection is as good as any other shop in Madison.  They have high end to entry level bikes of all sorts.  If you want a commuter or hybrid, or a custom titanium hardtail mountain bike, you'll be satisfied with Williamson.  The customer service is easily better than any other shop in Madison, and new bikes come with a good warranty and service plan, so its a great place to buy a bike.However, it is the service department is what makes Williamson the best shop in town.  Not only are its staff members more competent than any other shop in Madison, but they are by far more friendly and helpful than any other shop.  Unlike many other service departments, which hire hipsters with no knowledge or experience with bike repair, Williamson's mechanics are among the best around.  Not only will they provide good mechanical services, but they'll be happy and able to answer your questions.
5	As someone who uses a bicycle daily for commuting purposes and running the occasional errand, I have greatly appreciated the service people at Williamson Street Bikes. Whether it's changing a flat, or a major overhaul of gears, brakes, derailleur, etc., the guys working there have always been polite, informative and helpful.  Although there have been times where I spent a boatload of money on new gear, there have also been plenty of times when they made a quick fix for me at no charge.In all, I'm pleased to have such a great resource so close to where I live (and nicely situated on the bike path!)
1	Had two bad customer service experiences over the years.  Gave them the benefit of the doubt after the first one, but haven't been back after the second.
5	I was in a bit of a pickle. I needed a bike that had been boxed up and shipped cross-country, re-assembled ... and I needed it done on a Sunday and ready for my first Madison Monday morning commute to my new job. I called around to a few bike shops. "Drop it off, we might have it ready on Wednesday", says one shop. "Today? I need it to get to work?".   "I suggest you call around you might find some mechanic who has time." Williamson BW said, "Sure, we can put it together, check it out and probably get it to you by 5 PM". We dropped it of at the bustling service station. Tono, the guy I talked to on the phone was agreeable, reassuring and, as promised, called at 4:30. What I haven't told you yet was that this was an old Schwinn 3 speed that had been in a box for at least a year. "It took a lot of oil to get things moving, I had to replace one cable and a tire (an obscure-sized vintage Schwinn part that they actually carried!)", he said as he handed me back a cleaned up, functioning bike.Before I left, I spent a few minutes looking at other city bikes. The salesman (Jon) was friendly and helpful. He explained the differences between the models, listened to my questions and zeroed in on a sweet, new, lightweight and inexpensive single speed with just the frame geometry I was looking for. Not pushy, just helpful. Tono (the mechanic), you are The Man! Thank you. I just found my new bike shop.
5	I needed to rent a bike on short notice. Williamson was cheap and their bikes were in pristine condition.  That's enough to sell me on the place.I went to Madison for a bike trip to the New Glarus Brewery, about 30 miles outside of the city.  Unfortunately, the bike I was going to borrow was no longer available and I needed a plan B.  Within a half hour, Williamson had me set up with a perfectly sized road bike (my request) for $15/day, $24/2-days.Madison has an amazing, world-class set of bike trails.  Even if you're a local, you should take advantage of the great setup available: rent a top-of-the-line bike and take a spin on the smooth trails of Dane County.
5	Update! This location has CLOSED and only the East Washington store is open!I bike everyday and everywhere so I'm pretty familiar with the Local Bike Shops(LBS) in Madison. Williamson on West Washington is my favorite for the simple reason that I have never had a bad experience there. New bike purchases, tune-ups, part purchases and repairs have all been good/great. One of the reasons I like them so much is they treat you the same whether you are buying a $300 or $2000 bike unlike some other places. Unfortunately, the biking community has A LOT of snobs revolving around it so it's nice to have a shop where people act professional. Keep an eye out  for their tent sales as they have a big selection with cheap prices.
5	After looking around some, I bought my new bike here because the salesperson really took the time to show me the bikes that met the criteria I gave him, and to explain the benefits and drawbacks of various components, brands, etc.  This place has a nice selection of commuter bikes, which was what I was looking for.  Whenever I told the guy my concerns about this or that, he'd take that into account before showing me the next bike.  Then they let me browse on my own as long as I wanted without trying to push anything.  They also let me take all the time I needed on test rides.Once I picked out my bike, the salesperson helped me pick out the stuff to go on in (rack, fenders, etc.), which the service department installed for free.  They gave me a nice discount on the purchase, and sales plan that includes a one-year tune-up.  When one of the bike baskets proved to be too tight for me to open, one of the mechanics came out and loosened it up.All of which is to say, I can't imagine how a shop could do a better job of helping me pick out a bike, and making sure I rode away on something I'll be happy with.  Yay, Willy!
5	Willys was at Bike the Drive Madison on June 3 and they tuned the rear deraileur on my Cervelo for free. I have compact gears on the rear and it was skipping mid-range and it took them about 90 seconds and I was on my way. Thanks.
5	Visiting Madison (with my bike!) for the first time I relied on Yelp to choose a shop to get it serviced and also to buy some gear I needed. This place gave me amazing customer service and a sales rep whose name I didn't catch spent about 20 minutes answering a ton of questions I had about something. The staff here are knowledgeable and skilled in customer service. A+++ Keep up the good work!
5	Trying to rescue my son from a corroded front wheel hub, I read the reviews and headed to Williamson's.  My greeting was friendly and they had the problem fixed and me back on my way in short order.  The cost was very reasonable and I will tell my son to return here if he needs help with his bike again.
5	This has been my preferred local bike shop for the past 5 years. I have bought bikes and equipment here at reasonable prices. The shop is very good with reliable mechanics; many faces in the shop are the same from when I bought my bike 5 years ago. (so that's gotta say something). I recently had a bike fitted there. It did cost a little more than machinery row quoted me, but I had the full attention (and enthusiam!) of the fitter for 2.5 hours. Even thought the bike fitter (Isaac) was very skilled, the manager (owner?) still stopped in several times to give opinions about fit. By the way, I was getting a surly LHT fitted and there was definitely an attitude of "fit the bike to you, not the other way around". No pressure into buying expensive parts or upgrades. Also, every time I walk in here about three people ask if I need anything in the first 30 seconds I'm there... and aren't offended if I say no. Couldn't be happier with selection, service, and the shop. Would highly recommen
3	Sadly, the West Washington store closed :-(
1	Williamson Bikes is probably the worst bike store I have ever done business with (I do a lot of business with bike stores.)  I bought many bike parts and bikes from Williamson way back when they first opened, just off of Williamson Street, Del (the owner) in my opinion is as dishonest as the day is long.  He rips off customers, does dishonest "repairs" and doesn't back up his service.  Glad to see this place close - fewer people will be ripped off by the highly arrogant owner.
4	I was a big fan of Williamson Bikes at their E Wash store. The mechanics were gems who would bend over backwards for a customer. I biked over there tonight and it was closed!  Del gave no notice and I was told let everyone go on Monday the 8th of July. A 'closer' with his smirky smile met me at the door. I think he had to go to school to learn to smile like that. I am really bummed as it was 'my' shop and did I say the mechanics were great? Del was a conniver and I never trusted him after he tried to rip me off on a bike at his original bike shop.  Now I'll probably go back to Machinery Row who has good mechanics too.
