3	It is one of the library I go to often, because of its location.  Since it is basically adjcent to the CSN Charleston campus.  Which can be a nightmare for finding parking when school is in session.It is not as nice as the West Sahara branch, but it doeshave a good collection of cooking related books, which is what I am usually here for.  And if you are a nursing student at CSN, this library has a good medical periodicals section.The best part of this library, which like the other libraries within the Las Vegas Clark County Library District, is the free DVD that library patrons can borrow.  They actually have some interesting foreign film selections. Popular and new releases may take some times to finally be available, assuming you put a request for it.The worst part of this library is that Internet connection is rather unstable.  Having to frequently reconnect is a pain in the arse.And there seems to be more chatty patrons here compared to the main branch and West Sahara branch, which can be a little annoying.I really think this library is only deserving of 2.5 stars, but since you can't award that, I will give it 3 stars partly because of location.
3	This is not the nicest branch location by a long shot: it is sort of old and worn out. The uniformed guard usually looks particularly ready/willing to break up the monotony of their shift by clubbing someone. The computer lab -- which is minute (a dozen-fifteen posns or so), attendants are especially short with people, which just makes one to make sure not to approach them for anything (which is perhaps what they are aiming for). Hold shelves are right next to the self-check out stations but the hold shelves are really close together and built for hobbits (I am not specifically suffering from inflexibility, but damn ...). Three stars because it is INDIRECTLY free (for those that do not pay property taxes even though it is hidden in your rent fees) unless you turn in anything late. Wish they had an overnight drop box that was good for media items like the Aliante and Alexander NLV Library branches. - E
4	While it is still is not the gem of a shiny, new library that Centennial Hills library is (and probably will never be considering how much they keep slashing LVCCLD funding), CH can learn a thing (or fifty) about how to treat their patrons when something goes awry. Their lost & found system is absolutely German-like in its efficiency (and yes, those Germans are efficient). If CH gave half a shit that WC does about what its patrons mistakenly leave or have purposefully stolen, one would not have to feel like one is has an unlocked locker full of unmarked, non-sequential large bills at the Penn Station everytime one walks into the library. - E
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 26/100If you're a student at CSN, this library is a great alternative for studies - especially if the school library gets packed (like how everyone's suddenly there during exams week!) I like to indulge myself in the posters on display upon going through the west entrance because they offer the public a variety of free (and some not free, but affordable!) shows to enjoy, one of them being the Dreamgirls production set for the coming weekend. For those who can't access school wi-fi, this library has their own speedy internet that does not require a password. Nothing fancy about it (nothing compared to the UNLV library). Premises are always kept clean and they have a good variety of books.
4	This place is spacious and bright- so fricken bright that if you get a seat by the glass wall you might cook in the summer. But really, what do you expect? The staff is always in a pretty helpful mood, and you can usually get the books you want.Computers are another thing. If you can't get a computer it is usually because: There are people sleeping by some; a lot of them are not working; some douche shut one down so you have to go get someone to revive it; or you have the people who watch their tv shows and play WOW on them.The majority of the time, if you have time that is, you can wait it out and get one pretty fast. Though, there are douches who will glide in and sit their fat asses in the seat you have been waiting RIGHT BY FOR.
4	I had no idea that Las Vegas had a library. Which is silly, especially because I am a student as CSN and I drive pass this location regularly. I guess since the kindle app came about I haven't thought about reading real books.... Until now. I needed some books on marketing and I didn't want to shell out tons of $$ for a one time read. I looked it up, and to my surprise other people in Vegas read as well! At least enough people for there to be a public library. I found that the library card process was very simple and quick. I also found my desired books very fast and I was able to check out easily at the self checkout. I cant wait to go back and check out some more books!
3	Just got a library  card here this morning- experience was quick and painless, employee was efficient if not particularly friendly. Looks large from the outside. It didn't necessarily appear as large inside, teen area is pretty tiny. A good chunk of the space is the kids  area, to the left at the entrance.Found DVDs, audiobooks, and CDs galore! Usual limit is 7 items  at a time, I need to go back with proof of new reside cut o increase my limit- stick at 2 until that goes through, which is understandable."New" book and DVD section was a little underwhelming, but DVD selection overall was good. Will be returning for books when my limit increases!
4	I use various Las Vegas library locations, and this one is pretty decent. Books and materials are all in one large area, rather than being all spread out. This makes it easy to find exactly what you need.I always get the audio books, and they have a good selection. They are nicely laid out too, making the search simple and painless.
4	Books!I really can't rate a library low, this isn't my favorite one but it'll do! The library itself is located next to CSN and the parking area is a one way. That is one of the worst qualities about this library, people constantly use the entrance and an exit. It's set up that way for a reason! Sure, it may take an extra minute to follow the rules and exit the correct way, but it's not going to kill you!The childrens book selection is pretty decent for the smaller library, I love the way they're all divided by fiction, non fiction, and various other subjects. It makes looking for a book on a topic a breeze! They also offer childrens internet computers and a little area to sit.The adult section is also pretty snazzy, not huge like Sahara West but pretty neat. Finding a book in the adult section is also a breeze!Really the only down fall is the parking and that they only have 2 customer service reps. At least they're kind, though. I was happy to fork over the 28$ fine I owed. Hehe!Yay!
