3	Pros:Lots of drinking fountains for both dogs and their peopleTables & benches for restingShade trees  Cons:Lots of rules:No food allowed within the run. Dogs must be under voice control all times. That rules at least one of my dogs out...No more than 3 dogs per owner/handler. That rules some dog lovers and many professional pet-sitters out.Picking up your dog's poop is the law in Tempe, and they take this very seriously.
1	I visited Jaycee Dog Park recently -- never again.It's a tiny park, not much bigger than the backyards in the area. It was very nicely shaded, with a building on the west side, and many trees. Staying out of the sun here is not a problem, nor is finding a seat on one of its many benches. It also has a double gate, and plenty of parking close to the entrance. The city also supplies poop bags......but apparently no one has ever used one. When I had five dogs, my backyard didn't accumulate this much poop in a month. It's disgusting, and a health hazard. Who are the people who don't clean up after their dogs?Other issues: The grass is excessively long in the areas where it grows. It looks like a weed garden in some sections. The ground is covered with trash, mainly of the bottles/cigarettes kind, along with candy wrappers.Beware, small dog owners. There is a gap large enough for a 15-20 lb. dog to pass between the gate and the fence on each of the two gates in the entrance. It would not be difficult for them to escape to the main park.
3	Although i am not a big of fan of Jaycee park as Mitchell; at least Jaycee is ALWAYS open! whereas Mitchell's hours are a little erratic, i have made the walk there to find them closed 8-( on more than one occasion.Jaycee is really close to my house so my furry friend and i are here everyday. It is a great place to take your pooch and maybe a bento box and enjoy the shade as your pup runs around contentedly.The people who come w/ their dogs to Jaycee it seems (myself included) all observe this unspoken rule that if you and your dog are already inside the kennel they wont come in as well.....or maybe its just me and my dog and people are intimidated lol either way it seems like we are always alone inside the dog run.there is a lot of poop inside, but there are park employees who pick it up regularly, some days there are more landmines than others.The people watching at this park is pretty amazing, always some hoops being shot, kickball being held, or just crazy african kids that run around and taunt your dog from a safe distance and run away giggling as their hijab covered moms scold them.i love jaycee park, and i suggest you give it a try
3	Cute park. We came for the splash pad since the Tempe Town Lake splash park wasn't yet open. There are three large water guns, two run through water arches, and a couple in ground fountains. This is a nice, simple splash pad for toddlers, but unfortunately my older kids were bored after 15 minutes. There is a playground next to the water. It's uncovered and surrounded by sand. The restrooms were clean (minus the wet toilet paper stuck to the ceiling that some kids likely got a kick out of doing).If we lived in the neighborhood we would come here more often but I wouldn't go out of my way.
1	Came here to try out the splash pad with my kiddos and it was awful. The splash pad is very small and has absolutely no volume of water. One of the guns was broken, the pad itself was filthy, and the water was cycling through very slowly on a hot, weekend day. The playground attached was also full of trash; lots of the surfaces of the steps/ramps on the structures were broken and peeling off, causing major tripping hazards. I expect more of Tempe Parks and Rec.
1	A total waste of time. No poop bags, lots of poop everywhere, no grass, very small. My dogs thought it was boring. We are out of here.
