2	I used to love this place, the guy who ran it was cool, honest and helpful. After today's initial experience with this new counter guy, I was hesitant to leave my car, but will likely not be back....The service ended up being okay, but like I said, whatever it was about the new front desk guy, I felt like I was being talked down to and like I was on the verge of being shammed. The place used to be open on Sunday's, due to staffing at the moment they are not, so don't even try to book an appointment on line for Sunday, they will redirect you.I think I am going to find a new place to do oil changes and car tune ups...sad, I used to love going here.
2	Expect to wait for hours. They are very thorough which is awesome but you will spend all day there for just an oil change. Free wifi though. The guy at the counter also wasn't very friendly.
1	I ordered 2 tires on Monday, October 15th and was told that they would be coming from Victorville, CA (approximately 350 miles) and would be in around Thursday, October 18th. Come Thursday, I don't hear anything - I call them on Friday morning at 9:00 AM and the individual at the front desk tells me he'll check on the order and will call me right back. I finally get tired of waiting and call back at around 11:30 AM, only to be told that the order never got shipped and I was looking at Wednesday, Oct 24th. I needed the tires for a car show which I wasn't able to attend. Also, during this entire process, Pat didn't call me back one time - I had to keep calling. I can see once but this business acts like it doesn't want business. If I had any other way of getting these tires, I would not use this business. I will edit this review once the tires come in and they mount/balance them - I have a bad feeling about having to deal with these people...*Edit* The tires came in yesterday, October 24th at around 2:45 PM. I asked what time they closed because I needed the tires mounted/balanced ASAP. Although they closed at 7 PM, they would not get to them until the next day. I told them that this was unacceptable and that I needed the tires mounted and balanced that day - since they were already a week late due to their order screw-up. So I ended up taking the tires/wheels to Discount tire on Bell Road and had them mount/balance in under 1 hour. Then I was able to spend the rest of the evening prepping/dipping the wheels.Moral of the story:  I will NEVER go to Goodyear Auto Service Center again. Everything; from their failure to followup on my order or follow through and contact customers; to not making concessions to mount/balance my tires that day (I would try and make things as right as possible if I were a business); to me listening to the guy at the counter try and con an old lady into getting a 3-pack of alignments for $75.00 - it all adds up to me rating them at about 1.2 stars - I'll round down.
1	Same report as others. Grumpy desk manager and they tried to sell me unnecessary services. The store manager needs some customer service lessons. Go to Big O tire down the road near Grand!!!
