5	This is the best gelato I have ever tasted (after a week in Italy, several months in Paris, and obsessive ice-cream eating everywhere I travel)!Havre Aux Glaces has incredibly inventive flavors, including masala chai, fig, pear and cider, ginger, strawberry with black pepper, etc. etc.  I suggest sampling a bunch until you find one you love.  They also mix the flavors and have ice cream cakes.  We mixed a poire et cidre with gingembre and it was absolutely incredible!  The pear gelato manages to capture the essence of pear, including a perfect Bosc texture, while the ginger really gave you that gingery bite. Definitely worth a stop during your next trip to the Jean-Talon market, or even during your next trip to Montreal!
5	I haven't been to the other gelato places in Montreal but would not hesitate to declare Havre aux Glaces the best in the city. It simply cannot get any better than this. The flavors are intensely concentrated without being overpowering, the pure essence of each flavor delivered in a delectably smooth form. A little on the sweet side, but otherwise, perfection in a cup!
5	This place has the best gelato that I've ever had. Not that I'm an expert or anything, but so many of the flavors were so intensely delicious and flavorful. Like the pear tastes more pear-like than even the ripest pear, and yet it manages to not be cloying. I don't know how they do it.Granted, I didn't like all of the flavors that I tried, but the people are more than happy to let you sample flavors until you find the ones that blow you out of the water. A must-eat in the Jean Talon Market!
5	Is this the best ice cream ever?Yes.Intense flavor. Light on the palate. Good cones. Good flavor combinations. Better than Jeni's of Columbus, OH, which was my former personal standard bearer. Even the sorbet is terrific. There is really nothing else to say.
4	To me Bilboquet is simply the GOD of ice cream in Montreal, but Havre aux Glaces (Ice cream's Haven) comes close, pre--tty close. The shop is squeezed between a cheese shop and a sandwich stand, but you probably won't miss it thanks to the mile-long queue in front. The shop is cramped but pretty and colorful. I was pleasantly surprised by the easy-going and friendly service. Another surprise is their flavors. Now that every other shop sells lemon and matcha ice cream, ice cream parlours have to constantly outdo themselves. I found burnt maple, ginger, hazelnut, expresso and 72% cocoa chocolate ice cream. Now I know I NEED to be back to taste that one. Seriously, it is pitch-black with cocoa!Their sorbet selection is generous (my parents favourite was blood-orange). I was totally blown away by how authentic the flavours are, you really taste fruit, and the natural aromas of whatever it is you chose. Their greatest size is around 4$ which is a sufficient quantity to bring along with you on your discovery of Jean-Talon market. I knocked a star off because they don't have that much choice in terms of portion sizes or cones which is a crying shame. I would also prefer they had an area where we could sit to eat, but I'm nitpicking..
4	Really nice sorbets - we did a scoop of whiskey pear and a scoop of classic mango. The mango had that lovely creamy texture that you get with good sorbet and the pear was really intense and fruity.I very nearly got myself a full cup of the chai sorbet (which was phenomenal), but I couldn't shake the feeling that despite being labelled a sorbet and sitting in the sorbet row, that it had dairy...I was right, and being extremely lactose intolerant, I'm glad I asked!Otherwise, definitely worth a stop if you're in the market.
5	This is a dead tie with Kem Coba. I like Kem Coba for their tart sorbets, but I love this place for their sticky an heavy caramel, chocolate and dairy-based gelatos. The people who work here are cute and quirky authentic hippies. I support that cause. Located right by Atwater Marche, this place is a must see if you are in that area. Life is too short to not indulge in gelato served to you by real deal hippies.
5	This place is a must go for me when I hit up the Jean Talon market in summer.  Their dark chocolate ice cream is my favourite and the one I usually get.
5	So I finally broke away from my usual today (dark chocolate) and tried the erable brule after many recommendations and I'm so glad I did!  It was bursting with maple flavour and the nougat chunks in it were a very welcome surprise!
4	Havres-aux-Glaces has an array of creative sorbets and gelati, including pear, cassis, and pink grapefruit sorbets the day that I visited. The sorbets are sweetened with restraint, allowing the bitterness of grapefruit and zing of cassis shine through. A lovely treat on a hot day, and one that my friend has obsessed about (and revisited) since we first visited.
5	So I used to live in Italy and eat gelato there consantly  (that's extra street-cred there, right?) First things first: Havres-Aux-Glaces is *real* no-bullshit gelato, made right there from real ingredients every day. The pistachio flavor comes from *actual*pistachios* and the espresso flavor is made with *real*muthafuckin'*espresso*. You can't cheat and get gelato to taste this way...But the reason to go weak-kneed for this place is only one: Cassis. The Cassis Sorbet they make is - and I don't think this is an exaggeration - THE SINGLE BEST THING ANY HUMAN BEING HAS EVER PREPARED IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD. It's just phenomenal - tart and bitter and slippery and sharp and cassis-y and just unreal. They're all great. But the Cassis is superhuman.
5	tucked away in JTM, this lovely frozen treat boutique has the BEST sorbets in town. yes, over the mighty powerhouse that is Kem CoBa!very intense in flavor and their seasonal sorbets and ice cream are to die for! every fall, i giddy with joy because they have probably the best that i have put my tongue on, pumpkin and orange sorbet. i always make sure to load up on a couple of pints every fall.on weekends, there's a pretty big lineup but they stay open after market closing time which makes it more manageable for a late night treat.their regular ice cream offering is pretty good but its the sorbets that are worth lining up for.they have some frozen cake during the holiday season but can't vouch for it as i'm not a frozen cake guy.price wise, it's pretty inexpensive besides the 25-50 cents bump during summer time.if you live in the neighborhood, its the only place you need to go to unless you want gelato. if you are visiting the market, stop by! if you like frozen treat, it should be in your top 10 places! in short, you simply have no reason to bypass this place
