4	Ive worn glasses all my life and have been to a ton of eye dr's but Dr Meharry is the best!
1	I went with a friend so he can order his glasses. While we were there, I ordered some replacement rubber parts for my Oakley  prescription glasses. I then got a call from Taylor and she  said that they are able to order the parts from Oakley.  She then proceeded to get my credit card number and charged me for the item.  After a few weeks of waiting, I called them up to find out what was happening. The lady who answered the call said Taylor was with a customer and she'll  get back to me as soon as she can.  Taylor did not call me till the next day.  She informed me that there was a mix up and the part was in back order.  She told me to wait for her call again.  This was a month ago already.  Till now I still have not gotten a call from them.  I know that the item I have ordered doesn't amount to the hundreds, but I would have thought they would treat all their customers the same.  I am very disappointed with their service and I would not recommend this place to anyone else!
5	I went to this clinic for my last eye exam and found the staff and doctors extremely friendly and helpful. Since moving to another area of town, I'm delighted to find they have 3 other clinics to choose from and that there is still one near me.
4	Awesome staff. Friendly and patient. They can order practically anything if you look through their catalogs. I really do love the selection here.
1	Very unhappy with this office.  I've gone here three years in a row now.  The first year it cost me over $400 for glasses even with insurance.  I couldn't use them because the perscription was wrong.  the second year I got the perscription and took it elsewhere to be filled, no problems at all.  This year I went back, the girl out front didn't even get off the phone, she just pointed and said fill this out.  When I said nothing has changed, she rudely said fill it out anyway, we have a new system.  There was a new doctor who was pleasant enough.  I was going to take the perscription and have it filled elsewhere again this year because all of the their frames are high end designer and I can't spend that much money.  The man who helped me was very nice and found some "in the back" that were much more reasonable.  However, it's been nearly three weeks and I still don't have my glasses.  I won't be back for a fourth year.
5	We found this Vision Center through our insurance website. Our last Eye doctor was good, but his office and staff were less than par. We LOVE the staff at the Rancho location. They are so knowledgeable and are super helpful. They gave us so many tips to make sure we were getting the best out of our insurance and always getting the best deal. They also have one of the best selections for frames. Even my kids enjoying going!
2	We visited the store for an eye exam in early November 2014, everything went well and we seleted some glassses on display. After 2 weeks I called and was told the glasses are in. But in reality they were not, The staff suggested we purchase a different style. Turns out my glasses had not et been ordered. I complained and then had to wait until just before Christmas week to get my glasses. They never called me, I called to cancel my purchase and was told my glasses are in. When I went to pick them up no apology for the 6 week wait, very bad service. I would suggest you try somewhere else. No need for a customer to have to call multiple times to get service.
