5	Let's face it....I am irresponsible...no no don't argue I need to accept this one. I pay this bill just before they sell my stuff every time. Seriously. They are so good about calling to let me know and never make me feel embarassed about it. They are still super sweet to me from the first "your payment is late call" to me paying the $300 I owe them for three months of storing $230 worth of stuff. They even called to let me know they had noticed that I locked my unit incorrectly, and it could be opened. (I told you I am irresponsible).I treat them poorly and they continuously give me great service (reminds me of this girl I used to date only without the crazy)I would reccomend them!
1	VERY poor customer service, Only reason i am using them and stuck using them is the fact that it is very close to my house and it was such short notice that i needed one, prior to renting my unit I tried to go there twice, both times they were on lunch break, a third time i went there and they were closed (even though their hours online said they should of been opened) and I had to do it through the kiosk which the people i spoke too were not very helpful at all, So I get in, and I'm about to move my stuff when the storage unit I had just rented already has a lock on it and is rented apparently, I took it upon my own hands to take the one that was next too it being there was no lock and nothing in there, they still have not fixed it on my account after, calling them and letting them know they've messed up and need to fix my number so they don't screw me over, just emailed them about it again, Through out all the problems, the worst was the fact that since i reserved the unit online there was a promotion first 3 months would be 50% off (which is why i did not want to get the unit via kiosk because they wouldn't honor it) the property manager Christine said she would give me first month free and second 50% off, basically ripping me off because the first month is free for everyon
3	Depends on who you get as a front desk employee, you can either have a good visit or bad . The lady is always really nice and helpful. But the older gentleman is grumpy and short . He doesn't wanna seem to help . Also there a little over priced in my book . They do take care of there grounds though.Every time im here they have a landscaping company working .
