5	Stayed here for one night before my flight the next morning. I must say, this is by far the best Microtel I have stayed in and I have probably stayed in ten or twelve different Microtel's. It is obvious that the hotel is fairly new...as other reviewers did state it is a totally non-smoking hotel, so if you are a smoker I would suggest requesting a first floor room to make going in and out a little easier. The lobby is very modernly decorated, bright, and welcoming.Beds are very comfortable and soft- the only downside is that most Microtel's (including this one) don't usually have King beds- only single and double Queen rooms and suites. LCD HDTV's are also a big plus. Free Internet and phone calls anywhere in the Lower 48 is nice to save on those cell phone minutes. Upon checking in, the front desk employee was very polite and welcoming. Since this was a Tuesday night, the rate I received was an EXCELLENT value. Breakfast was excellent with eggs, sausage, and beacon as well as muffins and fruit. There is limited seating in the breakfast area, so I would imagine this is very crowded on the weekends and when the hotel is booked. This hotel is a little off the strip, so if you are planning on seeing all the sights, you need a car or rely on public transportation. The hotel is right across from the outlet Mall, which has over 100 stores as well as numerous fast food dining options all within walking distance. If you don't want fast food, there are several restaurants in front of the outlet mall along Las Vegas Blvd. including IHOP, Chili's, Buffalo Wild Wings, and others. These are probably a 10 minute walk from the hotel.
4	At the very last minute before driving to Lost Wages, I booked a single room at the Microtel Inn & Suites ($70 on Orbitz).  Having never heard of the chain, I pretty much felt I was rolling the dice with this one.  But since no true tourist in Lost Wages ever spends more than a few hours in the room, I figured, what the hell?  It can't be any dingier than my last stay at Excaliber.Well, this joint (obviously new or newly remodeled) is light years ahead of the MGM, Excaliber, and even the Mirage in cleanliness and the bed and pillows are waaaay more comfortable.  Rooms are modest, but decor and amenities are up-to-date and modern.  Amenities range from flat screen Vizios, microwaves and even a mini fridge to store your booze in to drink before hitting the casinos.  They even do free breakfast until 9:30am!However, the BEST part about this hotel is that it's 100% NON SMOKING, so you don't get that nasty smoke stench that (despite Febreeze) seeps into the walls, carpet and draperies over time (*ahem MGM!).  It's also a few miles just south of the main strip off of Las Vegas Blvd with simple, no hassle parking right in front.  This makes it super mellow for getting in and out.Overall, I highly recommend this place if you 1) want to save on cash, 2) don't mind staying outside the strip, and 3) want a non-smoking, super mellow place to get in and out of during your weekend of ephemeral debauchery.Note:  No King beds.  They only do Queen Sized.  Check out is at 12pm (not 11am like most hotels on the strip)!
4	Thanks for procrastination and a busy weekend (and company-imposed hotel $ budget), we were stuck booking a room at Microtel.  The description on Orbitz mentioned a baby grand piano in the lobby - how bad could it be, right??I have to say we were pleasantly surprised.  The place was clean, though nowhere near fancy.  The only beef I had was with the smell, characteristic of many other cheap hotel chains.  Like, overdose of cleaner to get rid of whatever stinky smell the previous occupant left behind.  Everyone was pleasant and the breakfast was pretty decent although they made you eat it in the lobby.  And on the 2nd morning we were there, they ran out of eggs for a long time.  When I told the lady who was serving the area, she took about 20 minutes to come out with more...and she came out with THREE scrambled egg patties.  I mean c'mon...did they run out?  These were obviously frozen and merely microwaved. Three.  At peak breakfast time.  There were about 20 people eating breakfast and waiting for the same thing I was.  Luckily, I saw her approach and snagged one.All in all, a pretty great value.  The clientele seems to consist of business people (probably constrained by the same budget we were) and young people.
5	Fantastic place to stay if you dont mind being away from the strip.  I stayed on a weekend in November and it was only $40 a night.  Very clean venue.The rooms aren't too large, but they definitely make up for it with the mirror setup.   You'll really be surprised with how nice the decor is for the price.  Even included new flat screen TV (believe they were 32" in, but it's been a while since I went)The best part is definitely the free breakfast.  All you can eat eggs, hashbrowns, waffles, and other things too.  I would stay just for that.
2	I would put 2.5 stars but I can't do 3 because it wasn't "a-ok".  Pros:Very cheap.. (2 queens, fri/sat night, $110 total including taxes, etc)Easy to navigate toNot a far drive down to the stripfree wififree parkingfree continental breakfastfriendly staffcleanfridge, coffee maker, microwave in roomCons:Thinnest walls of any hotel/motel/apartment I have ever experienced in my life.  Not only could you hear people talking at normal volumes unless you have the a/c or tv on but that goes to a whole other level of annoying when there is some crack head in the next room ranting ALL NIGHT LONG.  I got no sleep on the 2nd night. I could hear other guests yelling "shut the F up" as I'm sure the guy was audible to all floors.  Keep in mind this is only a 2 star hotel.  I would have given it a 3 star review if I had gotten sleep on the 2nd night.  If you want to do Vegas on the cheap, this is still an option.
3	Stayed here for a few days because my dad had training. The hotel is about three years old, so everything still looks new and smells fresh. This is a non-smoking hotel, has an indoor swimming pool open 24 hrs and a gym with a treadmill, elliptical, and another machine to work out your arms, also included is a light breakfast which has egg patty, hash browns, biscuit, gravy with sausage, waffles,pancake, muffins, coffee, and juice, and some other items. The room was clean, but the water is really slippery and it takes awhile for the soap to wash away they provide shampoo and soap. Also, offered is a free trip to the airport and Mandalay Bay. The staff is super friendly, nice, and helpful. Across the street is an outlet mall, and the town square mall is a good thirty minute walk which was not that bad esp with the right temperature, but I warn you don't try it during the summer months it will be way too hot. I'd probably stay here again if I had a rental car. Another perk of the hotel is the free wi-fi.
4	Really nice. Got it on priceline on a friday night for $51.
4	Place was great. They allowed pets and prices were good. They are close enough to the strip but far enough away to enjoy other parts of Vegas away from the tourists. The breakfast was pretty good (eggs, sausage, biscuits gravy, waffles, yogurt, cereals.....etc.) and had a nice courtyard and indoor poor. Rooms were clean and tidy.
5	I found Microtel through booking on Hotwire.com where you don't know the name of the hotel until you pay. I was initially wary, because, well, I kinda think the name is bad and makes it sound small and crappy. The reviews were good and the pictures made it look nice. I think I paid $48 / night and booked it 2 days before.I was really happy with the room. It was very clean and comfortable and we arrived during the day but had been up most of the night before so the first thing we did was take a nap, and the drapes did a great job blacking out the room. The bathroom was a decent size and clean.The staff were very friendly and accommodating. We never took advantage of the free breakfast, but it looked like they had quite the spread!We used their free shuttle van three times. To and from the strip, and then to the airport. The driver was friendly and professional and came quickly when we called for pickup off the strip.They're next to restaurants and an outlet mall with a decent food court. I would most certainly stay there again.
5	When i found out I was being sent to Vegas for an in-service, I Yelped the approved hotel options and found Microtel. So glad I did!Microtel was perfect. Check-in was easy and painless, and the folks working the front desk were always extremely helpful with questions, getting cabs, and meeting any room needs. The amenities are quaint - small pool and an even smaller gym. But enough to get by for a work trip. The location is quite far from the Strip (at least compared to what I'm used to), about a $20 cab ride. The shuttle will take you to Mandalay Bay, I think (found this out on my last day).The room itself was great. For the price paid (~$60/night), the room was superb - very clean, simple, decorated with a modern flair, and packed with everything you need.One last aspect that made my stay at Microtel amazing: the complementary continental breakfast. Coffee, tea, milk, and an assortment of juices. A variety of baked goods and cereals offered daily, and a selection of hot entrees: bacon one day, sausage the next. Eggs. Potatoes. Oatmeal. Grits. And a waffle maker! If you're on a budget, this is great - load up on a big breakfast, and take some baked goods to go and you could be set for the day!Great deal!
4	It's a little confusing because the name had been changed from Microtel to Baymont.  It's still under the same parent company so I guess the management is still the same.Anyway, I go to vegas with my wife and my dog.  We don't want to bother people to dogsit so we just bring him and leave him in the hotel room when we go out and about since he's trained well.  So our hotel choices are limited to the pet-friendly ones.  We used to stay at the Westin Casuarina just a few steps off the strip but they usually charge well over $100/night even if it's already a deal.With a little bit more research, we found Microtel (or Baymont) which had pretty good reviews from some travel websites from those in a similar situation than us, people with pets.  So we gave it a try.We've stayed here twice now, both times we paid well below $100/night.  The first time I checked-in was a little bit of a struggle because we had booked our reservations for a jacuzzi suite from Expedia and nothing in neither the hotel's website nor in Expedia says that dogs are not allowed in jacuzzi suites.  So when I got to check-in, they wouldn't let us have the suite.  They wanted to downgrade us to just a regular room, not even a regular suite.  So I fought it a little bit and they eventually put us in a compromise of a regular suite rather than just a room.  I just wished that this policy is disclosed somewhere clearly in their website.The suite is just right in size.  Their bed is not quite the Heavenly Bed they have at the Westin Casuarina but it's not bad. The hotel is small but that's a positive for me.  Less people who look at you weird when they see you take your dog out to do his thing, unlike in the bigger hotel - Westin.  It's also clean.  The front desk can be a little bit more friendly but ehh, I really don't care.They have free breakfast, which was good at first but after having the same waffles, cereals, sausage and eggs in the morning, you get pretty sick of it.The amenities were lacking in the fitness part.  They have a pool and a fitness room.  When I went to the fitness room hoping to get some reps done, dumbbells are nowhere to be found.  My master bathroom is probably bigger than their fitness room.  All they had was a treadmill that doesn't work, an elliptical, and some pedal that you run with your hands instead of your legs.  Good thing there's a 24-hr Fitness gym not too far away.  As far as pet amenities go, they have plastic poop bags which is a real plus but there's no grass so you'd have to make your dog do his thing on rocks.The main reason I liked this hotel, and was actually not aware and was very pleasantly surprised to find out when I did, was that it's literally right across the Las Vegas Premium Outlets South.  You really just have to cross the small street separating them and you're there at the outlets.  It's also very close to food places in the same plaza as the outlets, close to a 7-Eleven, and a CVS pharmacy for those late night needs.  Did I say it's about a mile away from Bachi Burger?  Yup, just a mile away.The only downside is that it's a little far off of the strip.  But that doesn't really bother me.  It's about a short 5-10 min drive depending on traffic.  It's actually close by the South Point Hotel if you're craving for some cheap roulette game.Don't get confused now between Microtel and Baymont.  They are the same.  If you're still in doubt, check the address.  55 E. Robindale Road. My $0.02.
4	I am very very happy with this hotel!!! They key us check on at 10:30am and room was clean and comfy!!!
