5	Shopping at consignment stores is always a bit of a hit-or-miss. In fact, that's a part of the fun. What I like about the DDB is that I'm much more likely to encounter a "hit" than a "miss."  They do a really good job in selecting the items that get put on the sales rack. Their guideline specifies that they have a no main-stream chain labels (Ann Taylor, Gap, etc.) policy. As a result, the clothes on display are pretty interesting and unique. Plus, everything is in a good shape; many seem to be new. Style-wise, the clothes are probably targeted more toward professional women; the store is good for finding high quality blouses, blazers, and trousers at bargain prices. What I've seen recently: an Armani blouse for about $70, a Comme des Garcons silk top for about $50, a Chanel skirt and sweater for about $150. The best steal I've gotten so far: a pair of brand new Bally made-in-Italy sandals for $27.While they carry some casual wears too, this is probably not the place to search for that hip and quirky costume for some theme party -- Avalon would be better for that.
1	Sad to have to write this review, but as a major fan of consignment and someone who has worked in the designer consignment industry, I feel I have to be honest. 1. Most prices do not reflect actual market value of the items. Some older items have higher prices than they really demand. Some boutique brands are priced very low. I can only assume whoever is pricing isn't doing the research that this type of consignment shop demands.2. Incredibly rude. Truly the most terrible customer service I have ever received as both a shopper and a consigner. I actually felt that my presence in the store was bothering the employees. I have been to the store many times and have never had a different experience. I will never go back. Better exists Pittsburgh! Please do not base your consignment opinion on this store.
1	We went shopping the Sat after thanksgiving - an annual tradition for myself, mother, and best friend. The deals were great and we were able to get a huge pile of clothing. That was where the fun ended for us. The service was ATROCIOUS in so many ways. They made us feel unwelcome and acted as if we were bothering them while we shopped. The women working in the store began vacuuming at 5:40 (despite a 6pm closing time) and turned off the lights on us in the fitting room at 5:50. Between the 3 of us we spent $528.00 in clothing. They made a previous sale for $15 and there was only one other couple in the store so we knew things were slow. Despite the fact that we were first in line they served the other couple before me. They apologized only to the other couple as though it were out fault they didn't know how to work the register. We waited patiently but things only got worse. After finally ringing us up, one of the employees was refusing to punch the discount card after a $322 sale - stating she already punched it and implying that we were being deceitful. We were so offended - the other employee even told her it was not punched but she continued to rudely refuse. Finally - in a huff - she punched the card, slammed it on the counter and refused to speak to us. When leaving, we still wished her "happy holidays," in spite of her behavior and she just walked away. The service spoiled our evening and marred our tradition.  What a shame.
