2	I was REALLY disappointed with this "cleaners". I use quotes around cleaners because they don't actually do any of the cleaning here. Everything is sent out. Who actually does the cleaning? who knows? Did I mention they're Prepay cash only? They will take an ATM card, but there's a $.50 fee. No credit cards. I brought in 8 western shirts and a few pairs of pants to be cleaned and starched. 2 of the shirts have glass buttons and I was told they had to be dry cleaned (at a higher cost) instead of laundered because they had broke one of the glass buttons on one other shirt. When I picked up my items, I was appalled that the sleeves were not crossed and clipped in front like EVERY other cleaner I've been to.  They were just hanging at the sides and wedged into 2 bags which ended up leaving "waves" in the shirts. I have a steamer at home, but I don't appreciate steaming clothes I paid to have pressed. When I picked up my shirts, I inspected them and found one of the shirts had a LARGE crease right in the front. What's worse, is they couldn't just iron it out there. This cleaner doesn't even have an iron. They had to send it back out and I had to make another trip 2 days later to pick it up. The gal behind the counter was pleasant and the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars.  Their ability to do what they're supposed to do: 1 star.My advise: if you get a cranberry juice stain on a white shirt like Erica M., use oxyclean.  Don't waste your money here.
1	I had a bad experience with Camelback Cleaners. I brought in a blanket and my sofa cover, I didn't get them back for three weeks.  When I dropped them off I was told to return in a week. When I did they told me they would need another week. Why they hadn't called to tell me this is beyond me. So I came back the next week and they told me the dry cleaners, they do not do the dry cleaning themselves, had misplaced my sofa cover but not to worry because they'd probably find it soon.  After another week they called and said they'd found it and I could pick it up. In the end it'd taken three weeks to get a clean sofa cover and a blanket that reeked of chemicals. It was upsetting.
1	So bad, I hate to waste my time reviewing them. Lost half our order, couldn't find it with any of my information (name, number, etc). Only after I miraculously found the tickets were they able to locate the items - before that, it was "too bad". After that, it was "you need to pick your stuff up sooner". Totally bizarre.
4	I had a great experience with Camelback Cleaners.  It was kind of tough to park, especially when I went during lunch on Friday and the Armadillo Grill and Parlor had full parking lots.  I took in a dress that had a couple spots on it.  It was lined across the bottom with sequins.  I also took in a sweater that was a really weird material.  I didn't trust myself to hand wash it.  They charged me $2/item.  When I got them back, the spots on the dress were gone.  It wasn't missing any sequins (that I could tell) and the sweater looked great!  Definitely worth it.  I might not take something I paid a lot of money for... just in case (based on the other yelp comments).  I will definitely go back.
5	Excellent Customer Service and Fantastic dry cleaning work...... I had a wool sweater with a hugh coffee stain... I tried 3 different Cleaners they couldn't do anything, they wouldn't even try.... I bring my fiance' dress shirts and the hopeless sweater and couldn't believe how amazing the sweater looked... Like Brand spanking new... The Dress shirts crisp clean and just perfect.... Will forever be my favorite cleaners from this day on.... Thanks Camelback Cleaners your fabulous at what you do... Will share w/all my friends.... Love Love Love you guys....
5	I am not sure why some think that they give such poor customer service.  I used them prior to moving out of Arizona and was very happy with them.  I just wish that I could find someone in Utah that is as good as these people.
4	Wow, is it difficult to find a good cleaners. I moved to Phoenix about 2 years ago and have gone thru about a half a dozen cleaners. Camelback Cleaners is not going to get you on the looks inside, but they do a great job and at a awesome price. Never lost an item or had an item ruined. That is all I can ask for!
4	New owner is really nice
1	On March 9 2013, I went to Camelback Cleaners to  drop off  (2) t-shirts men's (True Religion and a Nike shirt) and 1 men's white button down long sleeve shirt (Calvin Klein) to be dry cleaned. I paid in $9.25 using my Bank of America debit card for the (3) items. On my ticket (ticket#234088) and I would told by the female associate that the clothing would be ready for pick-up on Tuesday March 12, 2013, but the clothing was not ready when I arrived that day. So I called the next day (March 13, 2013) and spoke with a female employee who advised that she would check the company that they outsource to dry clean the clothing and that I could call her back Thursday  March 14, 2013 to get a status. I called the March 14, 2013 and spoke to another female employee who advised me that the (2) t-shirts men's (True Religion and a Nike shirt) where the only shirts they received from the company they outsource to do the dry cleaning and that they would check with this company regarding the men's white button down long sleeve shirt (Calvin Klein). I called Camelback Cleaners on multiple occasions speaking to the female employees about if the men's white button down long sleeve shirt (Calvin Klein) has been found yet and the answers I would get it "No not yet..to check back later''. One female employee I spoke to asked me what the brand/size and style of the shirt was. I told her what the shirt looked like and that the shirt is valued between $40-$50. She then proceeded to ask me if I would like store credit because the shirt has been lost. I told this female employee that do not want store credit and that I would like the value of the shirt in cash and also I would like the cost of cleaning the shirt refunded  to me in cash also. She then told me that she would have to speak to her manager. I told her that I would call her back on Tuesday March 26th, 2013. I called Camelback Cleaners several different times during that day and no one answered the  phone. Later that day on March 26th, my friend and I went to the Camelback Cleaners to get a status on what Camelback Cleaners will be doing to rectify the issue regarding the men's white button down long sleeve shirt (Calvin Klein)  that was lost. The female employee told me that I would have to call her manager named Mark at (602) 697-7157 to find out what he is going to do for me in regards to the men's white button down long sleeve shirt (Calvin Klein).  I called the manager Mark on March 27, 2013 at 1:13pm and left a voice message regarding the lost shirt and that I would like to be refund the cost of cleaning the shirt $2.75 and also the value of the shirt which is between $40-$50. Today is April 15, 2013 and I have not heard back from Mark in regard to this. I have not gotten the shirt back or any money refunded to this day.I have filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau of AZ.I would never ever ever go back to this cleaner. They do not handler their business and they are very unprofessional in their handling of my lost article of clothing, they have not called me and I have never gotten a refund for the cleaning which was never done because they lost the shirt and I have not been paid the value for the shirt. So if they lose your shirt  or whatever you put in to be cleaned, just know you will never get it back EVER IN LIFE!!! I HATE CAMEL BACK CLEANER!!!
3	Update, the issue has been rectified with the help of the AZ Better Business Bureau. I was refunded $42.75. Which is the value of the shirt and the cost of cleaning. I did speak to the manager Mark, and he apologized for what I went through and this is not how they conduct business. I just got the check today. So I am happy. But I really think the employees should be trained on how to handle issues like this and inform the manager right away like the girl said she would but instead she told me to call the manager. So she never told the manager anything. The female employee sucks ass. The manager Mark is alright with me now. I wouldn't go back but the bad experience did end on a positive note, even though it would have been nice to get the actual shirt back, but hey I have  been compensated for my lost.
3	Pros: Pricing is good $2.75 and service is friendly and fastCons: Only cash, several day turnaround, hard to navigate in and out.For the budget sensitive and unhurried this is a good location.
1	If I was able to put zero stars I would have. I am very upset with this establishment! I dropped off a dress and when I went to pick it up the straps were missing. I had worn the dress one time and spent $150 on it and it can't be worn without the straps. I noticed right away that the straps were missing and asked the clerk if she could check for them- she called the place that the clothes are sent out to and they told her they would try to look for it today. I didn't hear anything back, so I followed up about 5 hours later and the girl again asked what color the straps even were and said that she would call again. Still no call back on Monday- so I followed up and they said sorry we can't find them. I asked for a supervisor's number and they wouldn't give it out, she said she was only allowed to give out a email address. I demanded that she contact the manager and give him my number to follow up. I also emailed the manager, Mark the entire story- still have not heard back. I plan on telling everyone I know not to go to this flithy dump! I understand that things happen and things get lost, but I expect better customer service and the manager to get back to me to rectify the situation.
2	I wanted to follow up from my 3/17/14 post. Mark emailed me back, he was very apologetic and he recovered the missing straps and I picked them up. I am glad that they were able to find the straps, however until I spoke to Mark the customer service was awful. I advised him to train his staff to have some sort of urgency for their customers. People spend a lot of money on clothes and when they drop them off to be cleaned they expect to get "all" of them back.
1	One of the employees really struggles with the computer/cash register. It seems like every other visit she pushes something wrong in the computer resulting in incorrect billing and incorrect services ordered. After one such error today she either refused or did not know how to void out the the transaction. Multiple times the has scribbled something on my claim ticket that was not understood and honored by other employees when I returned to pick up garments. Other times they have issued me tickets/claim receipts for my garments with other peoples name on it and other times incorrect pick up dates have been printed. This location has no sign or business card identifying who the manager is or even a number to call for customer service.   (Unrelated, once I did have a a "redo" because the garment was not clean, but the zero or half-star rating is primary the result of errors pressed In  the computer, the non honoring of had-revised tickets by other employees, and the unwillingness of staff to call for help when needed.) A supervisor has never been observed at this location.
4	I recently decided to come back to get my dry cleaning cleaned at Camelback Cleaners. I used them years ago but seem to always have bad service or the shop was not open during the hours posted on the window when it was time to open. However, my experience lately have been great. The lady who works the counter is very friendly and has a smile. My items are neatly hung on the hangers and my clothes are clean. I will continue to use them going forward especially since the price is a great bargain.
1	Please please do not take your clothes here!! One of the most poorly run businesses I have ever encountered!! Ruined my dress!! DO NOT GO HERE!!
1	YOU'LL BE SORRY YOU EVER CAME HERE. I PROMISE!! I have no idea how this place is still in business. I brought in a cushion cover for my chair exactly 2 weeks ago and it has been a nightmare trying to get a refund for the poor service I have received. When I brought in the cushion cover the woman employee said she doesn't think she is allowed to accept it. I asked her why and if she could double check. She called the manager and found out that they can accept it. It costs $10 and takes 1 week.Fast forward 7 days and I get two calls from the two different woman employees telling me that my cushion cover has not been cleaned because I didn't sign the release form. I go to the store that same day and sign the release form. I am back at square one an entire week later. This time the employee says it should only take a couple of days and not an entire week. I told her that I need a refund and need to get in touch with the manager. She says she will call him. Yeah right.Fast forward another 7 days (14 days since drop off) and I call THEM to check on the status of my cushion cover. The woman employee tells me it is ready for pick up. I ask her how long it has been ready. She says she honestly has no idea. I am obviously frustrated at this point. I reiterate that I need a refund for $10 because of this outrageous 2 week process. I ask to speak to a manager and the woman says that she will call him for me. I ask if I can have his phone number and she says no. IT'S NOT WORTH IT!  DO NOT EVER COME HERE! EVER! THESE CLEANERS DO NOT VALUE THEIR CUSTOMERS AND DO NOT DESERVE OUR BUSINESS.
