5	Best place for shampoo, soap, and other bath products!
5	R&B is my favorite hair product and Creme Anglais is the best lotion ever!
5	I discovered Lush while puttering around in a tiny town in Western England called Cheltenham while on a business trip with my husband. I walked by the shop and the smell hit me and drew me right in. I have been hooked ever since, and had been visiting the one in Scottsdale most recently, so imagine my excitement when I discovered that they opened one here in Chandler. I have loved every product I have bought, and the service is amazing - you can try almost everything and they love to use the products on you - for example, they are giving your feet the treatment with their new foot scrub right now. On top of how great the products are, they are great for you and the earth. Everything is handmade and natural, and most products are vegan too. They also support environmental and charitable causes and if you bring back 5 of their black pots, you get a fresh face mask free. These masks are like nothing you can find anywhere - so fresh you have to keep them in the fridge! So, even though you can find cheaper skin, body and hair care elsewhere, it's worth every penny.If you try nothing else, try the Dream Cream - it is absolutely the most amazing skin cream I have ever tried and smells yummy.
5	My cousin got me a Lush gift box for Christmas and I had no idea what this stuff was.  Boy, was I in for it!  I have never smelled such heavenly bath products and felt so pampered in my life!  I visited a store in Austin,TX and was hooked.  Now we live in Phoenix so of course I had to track down a store here.  Luckily the Chandler store is fairly close.  If for no other reason than to stroll and sniff, you HAVE to visit this store!  I'll bet you walk out with more than you can carry!  My faves are the Dream Wash and Dream Cream, the Dream Time bath soak and just about any bath bomb - I don't think there's a single one that doesn't smell amazing.  I use the Ickle Baby Bot bath bomb and the Honey I Washed the Kids Soap in my daughter's baths.  She loves both.  I am a total Lushie now!
5	Love this place!!! Of course the products are great but also their sooo sweet and great customer service!!!
4	Blake is a great help - ask for him if you are looking for some guidance on product selections.  I purchased shampoo and conditioner bars - I've been wanting to try these for some time now!  I also purchased a night time bath bomb.  These things are great if you want a hot, relaxing bath after a long stressful day.  Trust me, you'll be happy you spent the $5 on those days when you are soaking the stress out and breathing in the lavender to help you get some sleep.  This location was clean, staff was friendly and the mall itself is a great stop for stores in a variety of price ranges with tons of restaurants to refuel in.  Overall: AIf we are in the area, I'll definitely be going back.
1	They're super nice until you return something.I've bought a bunch of lush products, and for the first time, I had a return. I had my receipts and original packaging, but the lady who took my return made it as difficult as possible. She was making statements like, "You used these and now you're returning them?" and "It's so weird that you just bought these and you used so much of it." (The bottle was over half full.) It wasn't what she was saying that bothered me, it was how she was saying it and how loud she was saying it. She was implying that I was a dishonest customer using products and returning them, and she made sure everyone in the store knew it as well. I was appalled. This was my FIRST return.I called customer service to file a complaint, and they apologized on behalf of the store. They said they would contact the store and that the store manager would reach out to me. I never got a phone call back from the store, so five business days after the incident, I thought I'd give them a ring and speak with the manager. The manager hemmed and hawed throughout the conversation and said customer service never informed her of what happened and this was the first time she'd ever even heard of the situation. So I described the incident to her, and the manager never even asked who helped me or what the person looked like. Long story short, it was the manager that had taken my return in the first place. Geez, not only was she incredibly rude when I returned something, but now she's lying on the phone saying she had no idea who I was or how I was treated? I wouldn't shop here ever again, and I wouldn't recommend it to anybody either.
5	Very friendly sales staff. Not pushy. When asked what we were looking for, the sales woman showed us a specific treatment and let us try it out in the store. My girlfriend and I left with 2 samples each
3	I used to love Lush but now it is more of a love/hate relationship. I love they way their products smell and work and the enthusiasm of their staff. However, sometimes the staff can be overwhelming or busy talking amongst themselves and not helpful at all. It's kind of hit and miss. Also for a place that pushes how natural they are (and expensive): Why aren't they organic? Why do they still use parabens in some (about 30% of their) products? I just wish that as forward as they are, that they would still find better alternatives so until then I'll just drop down my usage.
5	LOVE this store, the products and the ingredients with which they are made, and the customer service. The ladies that work here are beyond friendly and I love that they will do demonstrations for most of the products, including rubbing lotion into your feet. What?! The products here are made with quality, environmentally-friendly ingredients and smell so good. The bath bombs are, well, the bomb. Some items are a little pricy, but you truly get what you pay for.
3	This location opened at Chandler mall so I thought that I'd go in to treat myself to some bath products. Got the sex bomb & rose queen bath bomb. Both were okay but I don't see myself going in to keep getting to get more products.
2	I have been debating on how many stars to give Lush, because I can't decide if the problem is with the store or if it's with me.  Probably a little of both.  Generally speaking, I do not enjoy shopping, but after recommendations from so many friends I decided to give Lush a go.  My conclusion:  I don't think Lush is going to be my kind of store.  The employees would not leave me alone when I just wanted to look around for literally two minutes.  And all four of them that I dealt with wanted to give me their life stories, their likes and dislikes, and a spiel about how their products are vegan/handmade/from outer space.  I kind of stopped listening after the first minute.  I just wanted to buy my thing!  Also, one of them called me a "first time Lushie" and that made me vaguely uncomfortable.  And they kept touching me, which made me really uncomfortable.The employees, while clearly enthusiastic about the products, also clearly can't read a customer's body language.  If I jerk back every time you try to touch my arm or shoulder, stop trying to touch me.  If I keep taking steps back and you keep stepping forward into my personal space, it's a problem.  I did buy a solid perfume and it's a nice product, but if I want to purchase it again (or anything else) I will do so online.
5	We came into the store this weekend while in Arizona for a girls' trip. We were curious about the store and its use of natural ingredients. We were blown away with our wonderful customer service experience we received and of course with learning about all the amazing and unique products. One of the employees, joHanna took a great amount of time pampering us with salt scrubs and vanilla lotions even AFTER we told her we wouldn't be able to purchase anything that night due to luggage restrictions. Regardless, she still took the time to explain the store products to us and to recommend us products that would work for our lifestyles. She totally sold us! After figuring out our luggage situation, we were back in 2 days later, draining our wallets and following in love. We are sad that Lush is 2 hours away from where we are from, but if we get the same customer experience we received at this location, it will a all be worth it!
5	This store is AMAZING! Everyone there is so friendly and social. If you're the type of person who starts conversations with people then the staff is for you. They're so helpful and willing to tell you about their products. They know what they're talking about and find joy in it! I like that in a store; where a employee shows interest into their job!I really love their all natural products. I'm not a vegan or anything but they have really good stuff for people with color treated hair. You don't get all those nasty chemicals like normal hair products do. I always feel so clean and refreshed after using their products. Every time I go I always walk out satisfied and with a smile on my face!
3	Dear reviewers reading,I wasn't to sure about Lush I had friends that shop here a lot and always rave about how good there products are, so I decide to try it out with a friend of mine that never heard of them either. The lady that first helped us seemed a little upset that we didn't find anything to our taste so she just passed us to another associate, she tried to be nice about it but she just flat out said we were being difficult for her to handle. But we were customers that had no clue about Lush and just wanted some info and she got kind of put off by us not knowing or having a good taste in anything. In the end a very nice girl helped us out and showed us many products. The only thing that scared me was they use the same rag to wipe everyone when they try products which scared me so much, in this day and age anyone could have skin illnesses or open sores and it could be easy transfered with the way they are careless with hygienic rags. It really made me scared imagining how many people this lady had wiped with and now on me. That was the only thing off putting for me.
5	I've seen the products on YouTube and HAD to try it. The people in the store were really nice and showed us everything they had. One of the girls had the same name as me, and she had us try had scrubs and let us take little samples. I bought the blackberry bath bomb (which they told me was the first bath bomb made by Lush) and the Butterball bomb. I'm definitely going to go back when I have more money!
5	I love this store and this particular location! The sales people can be a little pushy sometimes but they've never steered me wrong.
4	My first time here. The staff super nice and helpful. She explained all the new products. I got a sample to try at home too. The sample that I tried in the store feels good on my skin and I will go back to get. I had Dream Cream lotion. I just wished the price wasn't that high. I bought Dreamwash and I'll let u know after I try it at home. Overall, it was fun shopping :)
1	If you are going to charge what you charge for soap at least have some manners. I opened up and smelled a product, my daughter did the same and out of nowhere the "manager" (so she said) came out and made a scene about how they can't sell it and that she would bring me a tester (which was NOT with the product), she then proceeded to talk about the "incident" with her employees while looking at us. I was going to let it pass and make my purchase but I just could not allow them to make me feel like a criminal for smelling a non-tester. I asked the "manager" if she was speaking to the other employee about it in which she denied until I suggested I go speak to that employee about it and at that point she semi admitted speaking about it. You weren't discreet, you weren't polite and you lost a sale. I understand the ethics of the company which is why this is such a bother to me. A reality check is much needed.
3	I love the lush products and have no complaints about them (other than price). I just moved here from a different state and needed to stock up so went to this chandler location because it's the closest to me now.  The staff was nice but very intrusive. I really just wanted to go in, get what I need, and get out and be done. It was very uncomfortable and I never felt that way at the previous location I used to shop at.  I decided I will order what I need online from now on or try and find a different location.
4	Suffering from dysania?  Get yo'self outta bed and into Lush for some eye-opening products!  Just breathe.  It smells so pretty in here~The moment they opened Lush up at Chandler Fashion Center, I rejoiced.  No more trips out to Scottsdale or ordering online to get all my bubbly needs!  But with that comes a significantly lighter wallet.  Help me.I love everything about this shop.  The sales people are always so stinkin' sweet and they let me play and touch everything.  Always quick with product selection and are walking product-know-it-alls, they recommend some of the best items ever without being pushy.  We all know what I mean:  those sales rep that scare you into buying their goods... it doesn't happen here!  It's a spacious shop with lots of goodies and it's always an exciting and divine-smelling trip.  Where else will a friendly face offer you a facial or hand massage while scrubbing some dead skin off you?I love their bubble bars [Blue Skies & Fluffy White Clouds ultimate fave], their Dream Cream, the Popcorn Lip Scrub, Floating Island body melt, It Started with a Kiss lip stain, Honey I Washed The Kids soap, the limited edition Rose Jam shower gel, et cetera. There's just so much to love, so much to buy!  Don't forget to ask for some free samples when buying some goodies.
2	I've been here lots of times and I love a lot of their products, especially the bath bombs and face masks. I'd give them 5 stars for product quality, but the customer service is absolutely HORRIBLE. I'm sure they mean to come off as friendly, but in reality, the associates are annoying, obnoxious, and conceited. Employees don't leave me alone. They'll come up to me randomly starting conversations, which makes customers very uncomfortable. They treat me as if I don't know anything about their products, which is embarrassing and belittling.      I work in a nice clothing store and I know good customer service; Lush's Chandler is totally lacking. I'll probably just order bath bombs online whenever I want them now, because going in their store is always an uncomfortable experience.
2	I think a lot of people are in agreement about how the employees here treat their customers. I went in yesterday excited to try to find some masks and bath bombs, but when I asked if they had any left of the masks, they avoided the question and told me about one of their favorites that they might arrange for me to get (what??). I was sat down by another employee to get my hands washed but they didn't ask if I had any allergies or sensitivities, which I do. It would have been nice to be asked first. The employees were friendly, but I didn't really appreciate some unprofessional language (f***, sh**, etc). One worker even said to us, "I hate it when customers come in."As a BBW sales associate, I completely understand the friendly techniques but they did NOT leave customers alone to just search. They could not read customers very well at all. Let people smell things in peace. Ask if they need help before rolling in and talking at them for a few minutes straight. Not everyone wants suggestions. It's a very uncomfortable employee/customer relationship. Anyway, I eventually got a bath bomb but never got any help finding what I needed. Awesome products, wonderful purpose for the company. But seriously, if you ever want to go in and look, you're going to have to explicitly tell them that you just want to be left alone. Maybe a good place to make friends with college kids, but not to buy products. Unsatisfactory customer treatment overall.
5	This place is awesome! Amazing products. The atmosphere is fun and inviting. PERCUP Massage bar is the most amazing thing on this planet. It's infused with actual coffee beans and leaves your skin soft and smelling of coffee. Most of the staff is amazing and outgoing. Ask for Kristin or Jade they will show you stuff you want, not what they think you need to buy. Their products are mostly gender neutral and vegan/vegetarian friendly.
