4	I have gone here a few times for work on my truck. Prices are competitive and the guys know what they are doing. I trust that when they say I need something, I do. Part prices are fair and I don't feel I am being overcharged. I do wish however that they were open on an occasional Saturday. Their hours are not very consumer friendly.
5	These guys are great. I bought a sye and drive shaft for my jeep tj, and had part of the drive shaft break because some bolts started backing out at the yolk, they replaced the parts for me right away. It's great to find a shop that still stands behind there product, most drive line places would tell you they don't cover that, only the tube and welds. I couldn't be happier with the product or service. Thank you James for taking care of your customers
5	My wallet and James are great friends.  A Jeep is like a boat, get into it and you start upgrading and maintaining.  I have never been happier for my wallet than when it met James Adams.  He, and his entire staff and wonderful sister, Cindy, know off roading.  I describe what I want, they research, offer alternatives, and then order and install things right...and safe.  Adam's Driveshaft has an awesome reputation in the off road community for good reason.  The team is smart, accurate, extremely detail oriented, the final result always outstanding and they work for the customer to obtain the desired results.I have spent many, many thousands of dollars at Adams Driveshaft, every dollar was worth it.  My Jeep JK is an amazing  off road AND on road machine, done to my vision, but with the experience and craftsmanship of Adams to professionally realign my vision to obtain the optimum results.James told me a while ago that his reputation and integrity mean everything to him.  Well, sir, in my opinion your reputation is outstanding and you have demonstrated through your actions on my behalf that you have integrity to spare.My wallet says, "Hey buddy!", BTW.  Well, it would, if a wallet could talk.Highly recommended.
5	Excellent service. The mechanics drive the same vehicles they fix, so they are well knowledgeable.
1	Had my truck serviced by Adams driveshaft. If I could put zero or negative stars I would. They charged me almost $1000 for a broken axle on a ford truck. The part itself was less than $300. Said they inspected my bearings and they looked good. Drove the truck 30 miles and gear oil started spewing out of the axle soaking my brakes. Managed to make it home, thinking it must be a seal that didn't seat right. Went to remove my hub assembly to find the axle housing had been damaged. The whole hub was lose. My dual rear wheels were wobbling all over the place. Fought to get the hub off. Four hours later after back breaking labor succeeded to find my bearings shredded. I should have fixed it myself. Now I've got to sink probably another thousand into it and I'm without a truck for another week or two. Thanks a lot Adams driveshaft!
5	Adam's drive shaft is the absolute best... James is a great guy and their product is superior... cannot find a better drive shaft or axles anywhere in the country thanks guys
1	Buyer Beware. Scheduled an appointment, waited two weeks, took off work, arranged for someone to pick me up at Adam's shop- the usual drill. Confirmed the appointment the day before. Arrived at Adam's shop and the staff appeared confused and had no idea as to why I was there. They asked me to write down the work I was requesting despite a quote I received from them over the phone. I explained to the female Adam's staff member that the chaos was making me nervous and she stated, "you don't have to leave your vehicle. " I guess Adam's has so much business they don't have to offer any reasonable customer relations. If this is how they treat new customers on the front end,  I can only imagine how the treat customers who have a problem. I wisely took my cash to another shop.
5	Excellent customer service, Superior craftsmanship, Fast, friendly, on time, quality work!! I would highly recommended this place for all gear work. They had me in and out with out a hitch. AND they saved me a few bucks.
5	This company does great work. Had an appointment for for two weeks, they are busy because of their great work, and I needed the time because I was working on my cabin in Utah. Walked in gave the front desk person my name, filled out the paperwork and handed off my keys. I needed gears for my jeep and some other stuff. Done out the door. Worth every dollar I spent. I would send people their in a heart beat!!
1	Just to set the record straight, Mr. Adam's posts my name on his comments (without my permission) regarding my review due to the fact I had completed the demographics on his work order before I left. I have, as most of you have, signed work orders to have services completed. The chaos came from no one knowing why I was present nor what work was to be done despite my thirty minute call and scheduled appointment, as you pointed out. My cell phone was ringing as my ride was calling to pick me up at the shop so I could leave my vehicle. If you need a good laugh check out the sudden plethora of good reviews after I posted. Mr. Adams may have a great product, I don't know, I'm just sharing my experience. A simple apology would have sufficed but that is not in the Adam's customer relations handbook.
5	James and his staff are amazing. They are extremely knowledgable, and go well out of their way to help their customers. I've had them do driveshafts, ball joints, and gears on my JK and they have bent over backwards to work around my schedule and budget. I can't recommend these people highly enough!
5	Came here to purchase a slip yoke eliminator and driveshaft during their Christmas sale I saw on craigslist. Came in and the staff were very friendly and patient to answer all my questions. So I took my kit home and attempted the install on my own in my garage. I ended up running into a couple of issues so I gave them a call. The staff again were very patient and even helped me trouble shoot my issue! Install was done and I've since wheeled my jeep up and down the trails such as potato ridge and Nelson's without any problems. Drive shaft has held up just fine!!! I give James and his shop five stars for excellent service. I'll have to purchase my front driveshaft from them in the near future. My only gripe is that I didn't get a sticker to slap on my jeep, but they did give me a free shirt!!!
5	What a pro!! I wasn't certain about the lift I was looking for, thankfully I found a pro with the experience I could leverage!  I called james and he was very accommodating! No sales pressure, just good information to facilitate the decision that was right for me!! Couldn't be happies with the price and service I receiced.  I'll see james and the guys for all of my TJ Wrangler needs!Ryan S
5	I used Adams extensively when I owned my 93 GT.  They were always friendly and helpful. Always called and asked me before proceeding and even showed me concerns.  I had them Build me a custom Aluminum driveshaft, they replaced the entire rear suspension from stock to Hotchkis and I was ablate bring in the parts.  They Upgraded all my bushings  and replaced my rear gears 3 times as i am anal. from 2.73 to 3.73 then to 3.55 which was the best of both worlds.  They were always reasonable and I had zero complaints over the 3 years I worked with them.  If i should need anything for may newer vehicles  I will be giving them a call.
