5	Wow, can't believe this has not been reviewed. I woke up early this morning and called my neighbor up and asked him, " you ate breakfast yet?". Thank The Lord, he said  "no".  So he drives out his drive way and into mine, off we go. I mentioned Denny's and Ihop to him, he says to me, " I know a place", and we are on the freeway headed to the west side. This place is no joke, awesome food and service. Very reasonable prices and all the food has great flavor. I had the Hungry Man breakfast, $7.50 for all you can eat pancakes, six sausages, hash browns and three eggs. Me and my neighbor are big guys and can eat, this will fill you up. If you want a home cooked breakfast, at a very reasonable price, this is the place.
5	Been here a few times and im never disappointed. I usually get the hungary man and love it. I tried the Italian omelet and was very satisfied. They don't make their own sausage but the meal was still very tasty. Good job Genie G we will be back.
3	We drove out to Genie Gs for the gyro meat breakfast platter.  This place looks to be in old Cocos or Dennys.  It is a true "dive diner" - greasy food that will fill you up on the cheap.We got the Breakfast Platter that included the gyro meat, 3 eggs, hashbrowns, all you can eat Pancakes AND Toast!  For $8.99 that's a steal. Our girls also were filled up with the $3.99 pancake and bacon breakfast and I finished off the 2 egg breakfast that comes with hashbrowns and toast for $5.99. The food was good, servers nice and price right.I don't know if we would make a special trip again, but may stop in again if we are on the Westside.
3	Food was good, service was fast and friendly. BUT... place was in serious need of cleaning.
5	Loved Genie G's so much that while in Phoenix the last time I ate there twice!Great Food & Awesome Service.
3	Food was ok more or less nothing to special fortunely it did not cost to much
5	Just moved from Ca and must say this place is pretty good.. our server Karen was very friendly.. Ordered our food.. didn't take too long.  Overall a pleasant experience :) good price for good food :) and its down the st from us ... def will come back
3	This place is like an "old" town country style.. hehe. A lot of elderly people here. christmas decorative and the seating is similar to dennys.The strawberries with waffles was ober deliciously wonderful.. it was a crispy slash soft texture. Idk how to explain it. Haha it was yummm.The veggie omlette was mediocre, the hash brown was terrible. It was soggy. I didn't like it. BUT their toast was good.  haha.. the strawberry and mixed fruit jam was tasty. :))
4	Great food and as is the service .I really like the all you can eat fish and the breakfast here is awesome .
5	Total dive diner with big, deliciously greasy portions, great service, and a good value.  Hungry Man = three eggs, six glistening bacon/sausage, hash browns/home fries, toast and all you can eat pancakes for $8.99.  You'll keep coming back and getting fatter until your scooter won't fit.
3	Food is good but not mind blowing good! Honestly is equivalent to home cooking! But it's cheap GREAT portions & good customer service! they claim to serve gyro but it's a joke! I go back for the hungry mans special for $7.99 I get 3eggs, hash browns, 3 slices of bacon, 3 sausages all u can eat pancakes & toast! That's a great little mom & pops breakfast joint! Good for a cheap budget!
5	Great food, took my girlfriend here for late night French toast and was not disappointed.
3	Service was great . Place is outdated and In need of renovating food was good . Prices were great
5	Great diner food, great diner service, great diner prices. 3 eggs, a ton of gyro meat, hash browns, and ALL YOU CAN EAT pancakes for $8.95.
5	My family and I have have been coming here for years. We actually had stopped here on accident because the outside was a turn off, but OOOOHHHH what a diamond in the ruff this place has turned out to be. Don't let the exterior turn you off. For 6 yrs this place has served me and my extended family and we don't like this place, we LOVE IT!
4	A friend told me about this place, after asking on Facebook  where to get a good breakfast. From the outside it looks like nothing to write home about as well as the inside, that's were the bad stops. the employees and server had such wonderful attitudes, they treated me like I was a long lost friend coming for visit. I had the Southern biscuit and gravy and it was lip smacking good, their Bacon is thick cut and cooked just right, not that wimpy flimsy stuff you get elsewhere. I will return, funny things is I live about 6 miles away and i would I  drive by all the time and I never once stopped. Like they say never judge a book by its cover.
4	Great staff - funny old timer men sitting at the bar.  Like a Denny's but all locals in there.  Food was good - very Denny'ish.  You get what you expect when you walk up.  Good food & a few good laughs listening to the old timers give each other a hard time.
4	Not bad for the price pretty delicious food and the steak actually had some seasoning for breakfast
5	The eggs and gyro plate is awesome! Comes with all you can eat pancakes. Highly recommend it!
3	This is an older diner that serves large portions. The sassy waitress must do it all so don't be in a hurry. The omelets were good and hot but the hash browns tepid. The coffee was ok. The biscuit was homemade but reheated and tough on the bottom. The price was right for a quick road stop at $20.00.
