5	I love Salon Beleza! I discovered this place years ago when I needed my hair done for my high school senior pictures. I've been a regular here ever since. I even converted my mother, so to speak, and now she comes here on a regular basis to get her hair styled and colored. I always make appointments with Richard, who knows exactly how to style hair as curly and thick as mine. He's pretty darn brilliant - several times he's seen that what I wanted out of my appointment wasn't necessarily the best look for me, so we find a happy medium. And I admit, I always look good when he's done! I can't say I regret a single haircut I've ever had here, even if the style was more Richard's idea than mine. What can I say? The dude knows what he's doing!There's a ton of services offered here that I admittedly don't use because I've never felt the need to use them, but I can honestly say based on the wonderful service I've experienced here during the 5+ years I've been coming to Salon Beleza that I recommend anyone who IS interested check out their deals on waxes, facials, nailwork and so forth. As for me, here's to another 5+ years of looking good thanks to the wonderful work done by these folks!
5	A Brazilian wax on Groupon brought me and a friend here last summer. Marissa was the Esthetician and made our experience a really great one!The procedure is quite uncomfortable, to say the least, but Marissa talked with me the whole time about school, work, relationships, etc. We were even talking about some intimate details of our lives even though we barely knew each other. But once you're bearing it all to see you kind of hit a new level of intimacy with someone upon meeting them.Afterwards I had no ingrown hairs and the wax lasted a good six weeks. She recently moved to Sybil Salon in Shadyside and even sent me a text message to notify me. I never want anyone else to wax my woman parts as long as I can help it.Thanks Marissa!
1	If I could have given NO STARS, I would have. This is the worst haircut I have ever had in my life! The hairstylist, if you want to call her that, didn't listen to what I wanted and I walked out of there with the opposite haircut than I expected.She acted like she fully understood that I wanted LONG layers and nothing short. I asked her to please not cut my bangs OR length off of the total cut. She did the opposite of this and not only cut a good amount of length off, but cut such short layers that I look like I have a strange mullet. I have curly hair, and I don't think she understood the concept that curly hair shrinks up when dry. When paying, they couldn't figure out the system and took 20 MINUTES to figure out how to take my credit card. I was in a hurry and was very late meeting a friend for dinner. I will NEVER go to this salon again. Terrible "stylists" and even worse customer service. Not to mention, the highest price haircut in town!Awful. Never going back.
4	I have had some not so great experiences at this salon as far as waxing and customer service go, but Richard's talent keeps me coming back.  He has done my hair great at all lengths - long layers, short bob, pixie cut - and I have lived in Pittsburgh for a decade and have never found another hair stylist I was loyal to until now.  Worth every penny!
1	If you are going there using a groupon lookout.  I had bought a groupon for a cut, toner, and glaze.  They said I could only get a toner or a glaze.  Very deceptive.  Also they charged an extra $10 because my hair was thick.  I will not be returning or recommending this salon.The haircut was awful too.  I asked for long layers and now I practically have bangs!  Ugh!  Rather go to super cuts !
