1	Overpriced, poor customer service and extremely poor workmanship.  The piece is poorly made, with glue strings visible everywhere.  Our invitation was not glued flat and the inside of the frame is dirty.  Flowers look horrible.  No response to any of these problems by either Susan or the other lady.  Very disappointed.  NOT recommended.  My bouquet was ruined.
5	I don't know how or why this place only has such terrible and dated reviews, as they were absolutely wonderful to me and I am very happy with my flowers.I first got in contact with Susan and Jealeta about a month before my wedding.  My hubby didn't know what to get me for a wedding gift, and I had seen the Lasting Keepsakes website on MGM Grand's referral page, so I decided that would be the perfect gift.  After all, this is the most special bouquet I will ever have, and otherwise I would have had to throw them away for my flight back Georgia.  The customer service was always fantastic.  There was once or twice I would call and hit a busy line, but I never had any serious issues touching bases with any questions or concerns.  Being from Nevada I was always conscious of the time difference from back east - after all, calling at ten in the morning out here is only seven there.  And keep in mind that this isn't some huge business, these are two really sweet ladies doing something they love!We arranged for them to come to the reception to pick up the flowers and meet us in our hotel room a few days later to pick out the frame and matting.  They were always honest and upfront about any costs/upcharges, very easy to work with and extremely accommodating.The flowers just arrived today and I couldn't be happier with them - they did a lovely job.  Our theme was black, white and silver and the frame and matting perfectly fit the color scheme we used.  The flowers look amazing, everything is level and even, I am so happy with it!  I mean yes, if you shove your face right up to the glass there's a tiny amount of debris from the flowers at the bottom of the box below the frame, and they did have to patch a couple petals with glue (presumably cracked due to the drying process), but it's something you'd have to be looking hard for to notice.
1	I gave my bouquet to Jeleta the day after my wedding, 4/13/14.  After repeatedly being told that "everything was on track" and "it should be shipping shortly" when I called to check up at 4 and 6 weeks, I finally discovered that they were talking about another customer with the same first name as me.  As of 7/1, my bouquet hadn't even been started!  Today, 8/30, I was about to call for a status update when I got a call from Susan.  She wanted to "check up and see if my keepsake was received."  I informed her that it had not arrived and she sounded confused and said she would call back.  Three minutes later she called and said, "I'm sorry about that; it was for another customer.  Your keepsake will ship on Wednesday." They confused me AGAIN, for the THIRD time?!  She asked for my email to send the confirmation and I asked her to verify my last name.  I sincerely hope this is the coolest thing I have ever seen because I am very frustrated with the customer service and organization of this company and am nervous that someone else's order is coming to me.  I should have just dried my flowers and framed them myself for 1/6th the cost.  Customer service means knowing to which customer you are providing services and then actually providing them in the contracted time frame, which is stated as 4-6 weeks after payment.  It is now 8 weeks after they finally figured out that I had paid them and my flowers aren't even shipping out of Nevada until week 9.
