4	I like that this place is close to home. From what I can tell, everything is sterilized and they have a lot of assortment of nail polish to choose from. I particularly liked this girl named Nancy. She did a really good job with my manicure and pedicure. The owner (the lady) she does a really good job on acrylics...lots of nail art too! Its about 40 bucks for a mani and pedi. I don't really like asian owned shops, but this one I will go to when I really need a mani/pedi ASAP.
5	Started going here after seeing a few reviews online.... The owners are really nice!  I go and see Tanh (sp?) very nice gentleman.  I get my acrylics and pedi's from him.  Even if I don't make an appointment, they remember my name and my daughter, too!  They have excellent customer service and every station and pedi chair is impeccably clean!
5	BEST PLACE for ACRYLICS..SPECIALLY FRENCH!! they do an amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing job! i have been going to this place since they open! i love it!
5	i've been coming to Emporium since they opened.... 2006 I think?  This is my favorite nail place of all times. And I've been to hundreds... well maybe not hundreds. Toby does the best pink & whites. And all the ladies do an amazing job on pedicures.  Tweety does my brows and gets them perfect every time... she's an amazing brow shaper. They remember your name every time. I once had my teeth whitened when Grace worked there before moving back to the Phillipines. If they sold Obagi, I'd buy it from them
5	My favorite place to get acrylics and a pedicure!  The decor is a Mediterranean/Greek style with cream colored walls, white crown moulding, marble table tops, and wood accents.  And unlike most other nail salons, they actually have soft lighting, instead of flourescent lights.  The decor is actually inviting and comforting!!The environment is clean and relaxing.  They use individually wrapped sterilized tools for each client, so you do not need to worry about contracting a fungis.Pedicure chairs are comfortable and have your typical massaging options.  Instead of the standard white basin to soak your feet, they have cute glass basins.  Kim does a great job with pedicures!  She is very thorough, gentle, and leaves my feet feeling rejuvanated.  Although she speaks very little English, somebody is always around to do a quick translation.  My feet feel like a million bucks after a pedicure with her!!!!The nail techs are extremely competent and take pride in their work.  Whether I come in for a full set or fills, they understand you don't need to buff the heck out of your nail beds (like some other cheaper places do, making your natural nails fragile); they know you just have to take off the shine so the chemicals adhere to the natural nail/remaining acrylic.  I really like when Toby does my nails because he not only does a great job but, also makes great conversation!  Don't expect to get a full set or a fill in a jiffy, these techs do NOT cut corners in their procedures.One thing I really like about this place is, they don't try to upsell you (which I think is tacky unless you are inquisitive about different options).  Their prices are not the cheapest around but it seems in this type of business, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR; that being said, their prices are still competitive with other nicer salons/spas (standard pedicures are $25).Emporium offers other services (that I have not utilized) such as, waxing, brow shaping, manicures, hot stone pedis, full body massages, eye lashes, etc.  Walk-ins are welcome.  They usually have about 5-6 people on staff, so sometimes you may have to wait a few minutes.  Most of their clientele are repeat customers (always a good sign!).I hope you enjoy your time here, as much as I always do!
5	I usually don't write reviews because I don't want to be one of those people who sound too angry or hide behind the comfort of my computer to whine about a bad experience. But when I do write a review, it's definitely a good one and I want to share with others what a wonderful nail salon Emporium is.I used to go to another nail salon on Robindale and Rainbow and loved it until the receptionist started to annoy me, then rude to me, and I finally fed up and looked on yelp for a new nail salon. That's when I found Emporium with a 5-star review and only 10-15 mins from my house. My first visit, I wanted just a regular mani-pedi to try it out. Toby was the one who answered the phone and he set me up with Kim. Even though it was a Saturday afternoon, I was able to get an appointment within an hour after I have called. I was greeted right away and Toby and the other manager wanted to learn and remember my name, they often repeated it throughout my visit and very friendly. I picked my color, from a wide selection of nail polishes available, and was seated at the pedi chair. The chair was AMA-ZING! It's got a full body massage- by full body, I mean, including on your bum! The pedi bowl is nice and clean - it looks like a glass bowl with unicorn tears amber color tone running through it. I saw the tools come out of a seal bag and a germ-phobe like me, that's important.Despite it was a Saturday afternoon and they were BUSY- people were waiting! But, that didn't mean Kim rushed through to get me out of there or to move on to the next customer. Instead, she did her magic - foot and leg massage, hot towel, scrub, and polist, then repeat for the hands. I was impressed. When I was paying, the manager thank me and repeated my name and hope I return again. The next time, I brought my mom and my cousin back and both of them love the pedi chairs. I got gel manicure and it looked really nice. But then I went to the midwest and who knows why, the gel polish peeled after 6 days so I called to get a set of pink and whites and get it over with. I never said the gel peeled or anything, I was there to get a new set and to pay for them. But, when I got there, Toby and the other manager lady who did my gel, saw that the gel polish had all peeled off, sat me down at Toby's station, and Toby went to work right away. And OMG, a wonderful set of pink and whites appeared on my nails. When I went to pay, Toby just said "you are all set" and I was shocked. I seriously didn't know what to say or do other than thank you and to leave a tip which Toby refused several times so I just left it at the counter for him. Let me wrap this review up by simply saying this salon is hands down the best one I have been to in town - service, skills, and cleanliness. I have lived in Vegas for 17 years and California on and off for 7 years, I have been to enough nail salons to say that this one is simply the best. If you are looking "home" salon so-to-speak, this place is it!
1	I chose this place because of the 5 star reviews. The only thing that I agree with is the place has a very nice decor. I made my appointment in the beginning of the week. My appt. was for 5:30. For a pedicure. I arrived 10-15 mins. early. I am always early as I do not like to keep people waiting as I know they have other appts after me. I was greeted with a hi, can I help you. I stated who I was and that I was there for a pedicure. The man told me to pick a color and then spoke to the women seated in the back. I walked over to where she was she did not introduce herself. All I got was hello. She did not arrange the chair so that I could easily slide into it. OK fine. She begins working on my feet, after about 5 minutes another young lady arrives, the man greets her by her name, asked what she is coming in for. She also is getting a pedicure. He gets up to check his appointments, there were no other technicians in the place. Then he turns around and shouts to me, DID YOU ARRIVE EARLY!. Yes I did. Since when is arriving a few minutes early a crime. And do you make a habit of humiliating your customers in front of other customers. Was the person who just arrived late! How about calling her out? Because if she was not late then guess what jackhole she was early too!. After that i was extremely uncomfortable. Let me also point out that each person is not getting their own sterilized tools. The only items coming in sealed packages are the little scrubbers and the rubber pieces that separate your toes. The chairs are not comfortable. The seat part is not long enough in length. She did not do anything for the roughness on the bottom of my feet. It was the shortest pedicure I have ever had. I was out the door by 5:55. While I was waiting for my nails to dry the person who was working on my nails had another customer. I could right away see the difference on how she was treated. She helped her with the chair, she was hi how are you, did you work today. Making conversation with her. All I kept thinking was is my money not the same as the others. Am I the pariah because I was early. WTF. As soon as my nails dried I was out the door, no thank you from anyone. That's fine it goes with the rest of the amazing service I had. Believe me this was my first and last visit. Nail places are a dime a dozen in Vegas. I would think in this economy if you get a new customer you would do whatever it takes to keep them coming back. Oh and 25.00 is not the best price in town for a pedicure. Others offer the service for 20.00.
5	LOVE this place! I have been searching for a good nail salon for months. I have tried small salons and big "luxury" salons and by far this is my favorite place. Everyone was nice, it was clean, it was quiet and they did a great job. They finished in what I feel was a timely manner, but the quality didn't suffer! Love this place and I will definitely be going back there.
1	You might be wondering how this place went from a five star to a one star...here is how. I have heard about the manager here getting upset with people for being too early or too late, so I made sure my mom and I arrived just a couple of minutes before our appointments. The other time I came here they did our pedicure and gel manicure in one hour exactly, so I scheduled an hour again. Well, I sat there for twenty minutes while my lady meandered around the salon not doing anything. So, finally she starts to do my pedicure and then stops and just starts talking to other people and never to me. She gets up and walks away a few times. My mom is finished now and she has barely even started on me. At this point I knew there wasn't going to be time to do my nails so I told them no manicure and just finish my pedicure thinking there would be plenty of time. Meanwhile the manager keeps telling us it takes an hour and a half for gel and pedicure. She didn't seem to care that an hour in to my appointment and my lady hasn't even painted my toes yet and my mom has been done for going on 30 minutes. The lady asked me three more times what color I wanted and I answered her each time. Finally I asked her to stop everything she was doing and just PAINT MY TOES! A couple of minutes later she does. The manager kept saying, "It takes an hour and a half for gel manicure and pedicure." Even though I had been there an hour and neither had happened yet. When we started complaining the manager asked me if I had called last week to schedule an appointment and the no-showed. I assured her I did not but she insisted someone named Taylor called last week and no-showed. Well, I am sorry but that wasn't me. For those reasons I am not only NEVER going back to emporium, I am also just going to do my nails myself. I can't seem to find a good nail place. I will say thought that my mom's lady was fantatsic.
5	I have been coming here since they opened, over 4 years now, and I've never been rude to, always got top notch service, been early AND late for my appointments and have NEVER been met with attitude. I've sent friends here and they ALL left 100% satisfied and happy. Those two 1-star ratings are a rare thing here. There must be a good reason why Emporium can have higher prices than every other nail salon on the SW side yet still remain open in this economy.  All I can say is that Toby and his crew are a class  act and deserve the business they get and those bashers must have either come with attitude or misinterpreted their entire experience.  If you are seeking a**kissing, of course Emporium is not the place to go.  They do honest good work
1	I have never been so unhappy with my nail service! I came here because I had just eaten at the restaurant next door.The actual place is nice, and it appears to have a good selection.. Wrong!I came in for baby blue gel tips with pink hearts.. Sorry, no baby blue! A standard color that every nail salon should have. So instead I went with pink glitter acrylic tips with red hearts. Placing the hearts on my nails was such a pain in the butt! She didn't think that she should put the heart where I, the paying customer wanted it. I basically had to place the hearts on my nails myself for her to understand where I wanted them placed.After that, it just seemed like she rushed through the whole process. I even got clipped with the grinder and received a barely audible, mumbled sorry? (I hope).As I got up to wash my hands a noisy vacuum turns on. Geez, I was the only customer there..3 hrs before closing time! They could have waited until I left.After putting my hands in the blue light machine, the lady told me my nails were "still wet" and wanted to rub alcohol on my nails to dry them faster. Instead of gently rubbing it on my "still wet" nails, she rushes through each finger.She took $2 off my $43 bill.. Wooow that makes me feel sooooooo much better.. .. .My nails came out uneven and flat (probably from pressing down on my nails while rubbing on the alcohol), and didn't really have the shine you would expect to have after going to the salon to get your nails professionally done.I will NEVER be returning to Emporium nail salon again!
5	Amazing manicure! Awesome Geli collection! Used new tools (which is something they do for everyone.) I'm gonna keep coming back here, for sure!
5	i used to go here a few years ago but moved across town so stopped coming (and then stopped getting my nails done)i recently came back because of poor service at another salon and decided to go a little out of the way for better servicethey havent changed a bit. so friendly, they make you feel at home. everybody that comes in is greeted by name. Toby is a gem, my nails always used to look great and they do now as well. the decor is pretty and its always very clean and smells nice. they dont upsell you on anything or pressure you in anyway and they fix their mistakes (hardly any) with no problem.i'll be staying loyal to Emporium this time around.
5	Come here with my girlfriend when she gets a gel manicure. I get a regular manicure. Staff is quiet but very friendly. Being a guy, this place doesn't make you feel uncomfortable or weird about doing the pedicure thing. Best part is the massage! Recommend appointment to get serviced faster.
5	By far the best nail salon I've ever been to! I always ask for the most ridiculous nail art and tweety always delivers! They always greet you with a big smile and I swear they remember everyone's name! They're amazing love love love them!
5	I have been a costumer since the grand opening in 2007! They have become good friends of mine as they do make all their costumes feel that way as well. They will greet you by name and will carry a conversation with you (in English) or not if you just want to relax. They don't carry conversations between them selves in their native tongue and pride themselves in creating an English speaking environment. The owners are extremely smart and worldly. I have had every service they offer and believe them to be the best nail salon ever! I have been to many salons in my life from here to Southern California and they are the best! When you become s faithful costumer they will do just anything to make you happy and satisfied!
5	Very happy with the job they did on my nails today. Good service and good work. He kept conversation with me and made sure I was happy before I left. I just moved to this side of town and came here based on its previous reviews. Very reasonably priced. I'll definitely be making this my new regular salon.
5	Best nail salon I've been to. I've been coming here for four years and have never left disappointed. I've been to a few different ones but this one is the best. The staff are friendly and they all know me by name and ask about my life. My nails always look great and the manager is a doll. I highly recommend this place.
5	Tweety, Toby & their staff r amazing!!! The nail salon is extremely sanitary and their body of work is on point. I've tried other places and always go back to emporium. Tweety does great nail art as well
5	What an amazing Nail Salon! They made my nails exactly how I wanted them to be. Plus they are affordable! I will be a repeat customer for sure! Hands down the best nail salon I have found in vegas!
5	Basic mani pedi $40 bucks. I sat in a fairly quiet massage chair that gave me the most amazing 30 minute back rub. What impressed me the most was the service. Kim is a skilled artist who takes pleasure in her work and I could see and feel it in the way she carries out her job with such efficiency. The ambiance is not of the normal parlor with the jibber jabber of foreign words loudly spoken so freely amongst themselves. These ladies are professional and carry out their jobs like they mean business. Thanks Kim, my nails and feet are ready to party!
5	Came in as a walk-in and was seated immediately for a mani-pedi. (Chalk it up to luck I always expect to wait at any salon without an appointment). I selected a $35 summer shimmer pedicure which included exfoliation and massage. It was great! Also worth it for a servers legs. $25 for my gel manicure, coming to a total of $60 + tip. Tweety and all other staff are very accommodating and make a point to remember my name. This is right down the street from my house so I love that service matches the convenience. I'm a new regular!
2	Been to this salon before. ..my mother and I were looking to get pedi's last minute. I called to book an appointment.  We arrived right on time and were greeted by my name .the owners remembered me from years previous so that was very nice..my only complaint is that it was NOT CLEAN. . I am a state board licensed nail technician and instructor for over 15 years. I look for SPECIFIC things when it comes to sanitation and it was not there. The pumice stones were used and the implements were not pulled out of a new sanitation package that is SUPPOSED TO GO IN THE AUTOCLAVE TO DISINFECT. .. to add the gentleman nicked me on my big toe which happens but I wouldn't be upset or disturbed if I KNEW they were clean tools..You absolutely get what you pay for. .Everyone was very friendly but very UNSANITARY.  As a professional in this industry I would avoid or request all BRAND NEW TOOLS including files buffers and foot files/pumice stones.
5	Stopped in here because my normal nail place down the street had too long of a wait and I'm honestly so happy about it! Toby was my tech and he was great. He did everything I asked him too and actually held great conversation which is rare at nail salons. I will definitely be back to see Toby!!
