1	We were very excited when we found this little cafe whose website boasts farmers markets fresh pastries, breakfast and lunch menus as well as a variety of coffees. You can also rent board games and play while you snack. On Sundays they are open until 6PM. We arrived at 2:30PM. There were some available tables although no chairs (other guests were using them). We asked someone behind the cash if there were any more chairs available in the back rooms. Her response was she did not know. We waited 20 mites until someone left where we were able to get ourselves 2 chairs. When we asked what pastries were available, the girl behind the counter looked at me with attitude and said that they ran out of food 2 hours ago and continued to serve someone else. I told her that it was not even 3PM and that the cafe was still open for 3 more hours and asked if they had nothing at all to serve? She responded.."NOPE, we were busy and ran out of food! The place was not that packed. It was just a bunch of people playing different card games with the same coffee for the half hour we were there. The girls behind the counter were inattentive, cold, rude and had zero personality or customer service. I have nothing against tattoos or piercing, however when you enter an establishment advertised for their fresh food  and warmth and are greeted with no chairs, waitresses with a dozen far piercings, no customer service and told that there is no food left..WOW!!! Someone has to go back to the table and re think their business plan..THERE IS NONE..HORRIBLE! Big disappointment. As excited as I was to go there, I will ever go back again!
5	I had a great time! When you first enter Chimera there is a sense of geeky wonder that strikes your curiosity to sit, sip on a latte, and play some board games. The ambiance is usually quiet depending on who is playing what board games. (TROUBLE) As well, the decorative hexagon theme gives Chimera a unique and intellectual atmosphere even when playing the most simple-minded of games.The staff is very courteous and rarely make mistakes. Supposedly they do, "WHERE'S MY DANISH CROISSANT?!" a complimentary cookie will most likely quench your bitterness. (We forgive you.)In conclusion, I give Chimera 5 fire breathing lion heads out of 5.
4	I've stopped in here a few times on my way to do groceries in the mid-morning and the staff is always friendly and smiling. I haven't been to sample their lunch or dinner options but I have had the pleasure of enjoying a few of their baked goods and have not been displeased. I love the concept and can't wait to stop by one evening and enjoy a game or two with the kids!
5	I've now been to this cafe at various days and times, for events, for a coffee or a treat and the staff ua slways super friendly. A great space to chill in the afternoon with a friend or to get into an exciting rpg discussion.
5	I stumbled on this cute cafe where you can drink fantastic coffee, and play board games. They serve kittel coffee which is roasted in Montreal and Phil & Sebastian coffee. They prepare the cappuccino just the way it like it!  I came for the coffee but I will definitely return with friends to enjoy an evening of board games!
5	Like games? Chimera has games. Like coffees and hot chocolate? Chimera has coffees and hot chocolate. I admit I'm not a coffee guy but their hot chocolate is pretty awesome and they do make them with soy milk! The staff is fast and super friendly, I always get my drinks quickly. And there's a huge selection of board games, rpgs, and miniatures in the back. Very LGBT and nerd friendly.
