5	I went to Al's today. The place is clean and the seating is good. The soda fountain is in a weird spot though. I ordered the Nacho fries and a Chicago dog with fries. Chicago dog. I liked how it was made. There wasn't so much stuff in it that it all fell out every time you take a bite. I hate that when dogs are served that way. Also, I liked that the fries were stuffed in the dog bun along with some onions sport peppers and mustard. I didn't like they dog itself so much, It tasted alright but had a chewiness to it. I might have to try a couple more just to make sure. I give it a 4. The Nacho fries. A lot of places make custom fries like this but I never had fries that had such a good taste to them. I don't know if my taste buds were playing tricks on me, but I could of sworn near the end of my nacho fries I tasted a sweet Bavarian cream donut taste. Kinda weird huh. I don't know how it got there but I want it again and again. I give it a 5. Tomorrow I'm going back to try the beef and maybe the Buffalo bleu fries. If the Beef turns out right I'll have to up the stars.Ok I've been back like 30 times and have had 30 beefs. I thinks that about sums it up. I even like the smell it puts in my mustache. Sometimes I'll leave it in so a few hours later I can remember just how good lunch was today.
5	Thank You Al !!!  We finally have REAL Chicago Food---Awesome Italian Beef and Hot Peppers!  For us transplanted Chicagoans... this is fast food nirvana!After watching Food Wars on Travel Channel, I regretted the fact that I lived in an area with NO Portillos, Buona Beef, Al's Beef or Mr. Beef around. I don't care that Al's came in 2nd to Mr Beef on Food Wars-- I prefer Al's flavor. We have a real contender in Al's...The place is brand spanking new, cool graphics on the walls (for us native Chicaaaahhhgoans), and the menu goes far beyond standard Italian beef. It's tough to make choices when the REAL Vienna hot dog bun packages are staring me in the face.We will go back...and often... to check out the burgers, dogs and chicken too. And oh yeah... the BEST fries anywhere!
4	Loved the fries! The Al's Beef sandwich was also good. The atmosphere was cool and from what I hear they will soon be selling beer so that's a good thing. They were a little slow but it was the second day open so I can understand it being a little hectic. All in all the food was good and I'm looking forward to going back and trying more stuff on the menu.
5	I was a little skeptical about trying Al's beef after growing up in Chicago.  Growing up I would try and trek down to Taylor Street or stop at the store on Ontario on my way back to the burbs.  My wife and I stopped by last Saturday to try it out and as we walked in were asked "What is the password?"  We had NO clue what they were asking and after a couple attempts were told that it was their opening party for friends and family.  Being in the hospitality industry, we completely understood and were about to walk away (until this weekend) when the gentleman said "Come on in! You are now a friend!"  It turns out it was one of the owners (Steve) and I though it was a very nice thing to do.Now to the food.... one word... AWESOME!  We had a two beefs with sweets and a split a dog with everything.  I am usually a Luke's Beef fan by default but it will be tough to go back to Luke's!   The fries were just like home and the taste brought back memories.  Thanks for bringing a Chicago legend to Scottsdale!
4	I had a late lunch at Al's today. Ordered the italian sausage with red sauce and a large drink. I got a funny look because they didn't know what red sauce was. For the uninitiated, red sauce is mariana sauce in Chicago; I improvised and had them put mustard and grilled onions on my sausage samich (sandwich is pronounced samich in some parts of Chicago.The food was outstanding and the bun was fresh. And I have to agree with Yelper Dave O. that this place was better than the Al's that I used to go to in Chicago (Addison, IL). Another big plus is that this place has free refills on soda, unlike the Al's in Chicago (probably why they went out of business). I do not like going to any place that doesn't have refills.Al's has a fairly large outdoor patio on the side of the restaurant and plenty of parking. Note to Restaurant owner, please turn down the outdoor music a few notches, it's way too loud.I will be a regular customer and up my rating once that outdoor music situation is fixed.
4	Chicago's #1 Italian Beef since 1938 (in the old Prickly Pear).It was actually quite yummy!  Just make sure you order your sandwich wet or dipped, do NOT go plain!  And, don't forget the sweet peppers (loved 'em) or the hot giardiniera.  Also, don't waste your time on Little Al!   The sandwich was really good, it wasn't too heavy or greasy.  Though, the fries were soggy, not a fan, maybe better next time?  Looking forward to going back and trying everything else!
3	This is the place to go in Scottsdale for an Italian beef.  When I visit Chicago I usually go to Al's or Portillo's for Italian beef and having Al's here saves me the trip to the Windy City.The decor here is nice with several motorcycles displayed throughout the restaurant for some reason.  It's neat and clean and plenty of helpful employees provide relatively quick service.I ordered the regular Al's beef with sweet peppers.  I usually don't order my sandwiches "wet" because they come with plenty of juice already.  Good flavor and just the right size.  The fries were thick but a little greasy for my taste.All in all, a good lunch and a place to keep in mind when I'm feeling like a taste of Chicago.
4	I am a huge fan of the Italian beef and of course everyone is going to have their favorite places and tastes. But this seemed like a place to satisfy a lot of different tastes. There are several sizes, extra meat is available and if you are getting it to go, I'd say go for it! Only order it regular if you are a fan of super dry sandwiches. I'd say go for wet if you are like lightly moist but if you are a big au ju fan like I am, definitely hook it up with the dipped!! They have american, cheddar and provolone cheese (pretty sad they didn't have the mozzarella). They giardiniera was pretty good as were the sweet peppers. It wasn't too greasy or hard to eat while driving.They did have a variety of other things to eat so definitely check those out if you aren't up for a beef...but thats what they are known for!!
5	Al's Beef lived up to its billing.I've been a Luke's fan while living here - it's the closest beef sandwich experience I've had to get close to my Chicago growin' up days. But Al's was super perfect today - my first visit and everything was right.I only had a regular beef and small fries, but the beef was tasty and juicy. It also had a bit of a spice thing happening that I don;t remember tasting in beef sandwiches before.The fries were awesome. Literally awesome. Next time a medium Fries.Hungry? Hit Al's next time up near 101 and Raintree.
3	I'm originally from Chicago  and never go back without visiting Portillos at least once.  I am 5'3" 115 lbs. and my order is a beef sandwich, extra gravy, sweet and hot peppers, an oder of onion rings, a "Chicago" style hot dog, a  tamale and chopped salad.  Oh, and a diet Coke because I'm watching my weight :-)  My brother told me about Al's and thought the beef sandwiches were comparable to Portillos.  Since I didn't have my entire Chicago family with me to help eat my meal, I stuck with the beef sandwich (with hot and sweet peppers and dipped), the tamale and had to go with their french fries because they didn't have onion rings.   The beef sandwich was okay, but wasn't as good as Portillos.  I guess my main complaint would be the giardineria.  While they say the giardineria is freshly made, I've had better from a jar.  Although it was spicy, the taste was a bit off.  The fries.  According to the menu, they are freshly cut and made each day.  They need to send somebody over to In-N-Out Burger to see how its properly done.  They were not that good.   The tamale.  People born and raised in AZ may not appreciate these types of tamales, but they are what I grew up on.  Al's tamale came in a plastic wrapper (are these picked up from Costco in boxes of 24?) and are nuked.  I guess in the day they were steamed, but with the introduction of the microwave, that's how they are cooked today.  Unfortunately, mine may have been in the microwave a couple seconds too long.  Still edible, but pretty dry.  And it does lose something when it comes in that plastic wrap.  I didn't have a chance to check out their hot dogs or chopped salad.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back there again (which I did today), but if I were in the area, I would go back and try the dog and chopped salad.  Luke's is being opened down the street from my home, so I'll have to do a comparison.  In the years I have been in Arizona I have yet to be impressed by any establishment claiming that something is "Chicago" style.  I'm not quite sure why it's so difficult.  Portillos does have two stores in the Los Angeles suburbs - when I have a hankering, I am just going to have to hop in the car and take a road trip  for lunch!
5	Italian beef is apparently pretty popular in north Scottsdale - there are three Chicago-style beef places within 2 miles of my work - this one, Luke's, and Taste of Chicago, all three with good Italian beef and other Chicago classics.Al's just opened recently, and I think I'd have to call it my favorite of the three.  The shaved beef is excellent, very flavorful and seasoned perfectly.  I usually add provolone cheese and grilled onions, which go perfectly with the sandwich.  I would definitely recommend getting your sandwich "dipped" (the entire sandwich, including bread, gets dipped in the meat juice), to infuse the bread with flavor, otherwise the bread does tend to be slightly dry and hard - not bad, but just not as good as when it's dipped.The fries are very good - freshly cooked and well seasoned, with a home-cooked flavor that beats out the fries at most places.I'm interested in trying some of the other menu items, like the hot dogs, chicken, and burgers, but with Italian beef this good, it's hard to pick something different.
4	Lived in the Chicagoland area for over 12 years. The Italian Beef is really very good; but the Red Hots were just okay -- Luke's of Chicago are much better. Sorry.
5	Love it! Love it! Love it!It reminds me of home (Chicago) and I am soooooo happy to have one here in Phoenix. I recommend  getting an Italian beef dipped with hot and sweet peppers. And, NO, the hot peppers really aren't all that hot. The peppers, both hot and sweet, are an essential part of the sandwich. They add so much delectable flavor to an already delicious sandwich. Don't forget the dip. Yes, it's messy. But when it tastes this good...who really cares?
1	The first night I went here I had an Italian beef sandwich.  I thought there was something wrong with it because it had a strange flavor, but then I heard from  other people that went there that their sandwich also had a strange flavor.  The beef was also powdery.  Not sure what is going on with this, but it is not good.  We also ordered Chicago style hot dogs.  They are not Chicago style which is what I would expect from a company that is from Chicago.  It did not have a poppy seed bun.  It did not have a pickle spear.  It did not have tomatoes.
4	Allrighty then...It's time to poke the pig I like to call "Controversy"!I know it's going to sound like heresy, but I'm just going to come out with it...I like Italian Beef Sandwiches better than Philly Cheesesteaks!I'll give you a minute to clean up the spit on your screen...there you go...there's still a little to your right...no, right...good, all bright and shiny again!It's true, I really do!Not that I don't like cheesesteaks, I just like the full dip Italian Beef (made the right way...the Chicago, stand up at the counter and lean over to keep from getting the drippings on your shoes way), better!And Al's delivers on the better Italian Beef!Huge sandwiches, made in every conceivable manner (maybe too many options on the menu, but I suppose someone likes some the of the more esoteric choices), but really, there is only one way to make this sandwich for me...Full Dip, Provolone and hot Giardiniera...chock full of beefy, cheesy, spicy, peppery goodness!The kind of goodness that mere napkins can't remove...oh sure, they can soak up some of the greasy drips...smear things around on your hands and face a little bit, that sort of thing...but you're going to need a shower after lunch at Al's Beef.And that's how it should be!My buddy and I met for lunch last week and we tried the new Al's franchise for the first time. For first time franchisers (from Chicago, BTW, so they know how these things are supposed to look and taste), they do a nice job...And I should note how nice everyone is at Al's...so...noted!The service was reasonably good, and while they did forget to put Giardiniera on my sandwich, they were quick to give me a couple of cups of their house blend to fork over onto my sandwich...you just aren't getting the entire experience without the pickled peppers!My buddy and I sat and talked and the sandwiches quickly disappeared, along with a pretty decently made, tasty side of fries...I know, I know...I can't eat that way every day (or really, every week) if I want to live to a ripe old age of 149...but I'm not sure that I want to live that long if I can't get my Italian Beef sandwich from time to time!So my new strategy is to extend my life by forgoing  the cheesesteaks and replacing them with Italian Beef, now that we have a couple of decent places in town (sorry DeFalco's...you know I love you, but, for the love of Jebus, dip my sandwich...don't just give me a little plastic "sample cup" of au jus).Of course, that life extension strategy will only work if the mob doesn't come after me with torches and pitchforks for writing that a good Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich is better than a Philly Cheesesteak!
2	There's just something in a restaurant's name that will lure me for a visit. Like Al's Beef. Those words together conjure up fantastical images of hunky blue collared workers. You know the ones; they work hard and play harder, each one starving, looking to get his fill of Al's thick juicy Italian Beef sandwiches.In 1938, Al's Beef opened as a food stand in Chicago's Little Italy. The idea for the Italian Beef sandwich came during the Depression when meat was scarce. So, in order to help stretch the meat to feed more people, the roasted beef was shaved extremely thin, then made into sandwiches.Over the years, Al's flourished, earning accolades such as Best Sandwich in America from Esquire, Playboy and others. They were even featured earlier this year on one of my favorite TV shows, Man vs. Food, in an episode titled "Da Italian Stance."In Chicago, there's an art to eating an Al's Italian Beef sandwich. In the "Italian Stance," the diner's knees are slightly bent, posterior slightly up and out and elbows on the counter. This technique helps to avoid getting Al's gravy on your shoes. It's not the traditional gravy you might think of putting on mashed potatoes, but more like the pan drippings from the roasted beef they dunk the entire sandwich in, bread and all.Unfortunately, all of this amazing history and media attention doesn't seem to matter to the new franchised location in North Scottsdale. The concept here is fast casual, order from the counter, then getting your number called a few minutes later to pick up your food.The interior was spotlessly clean, the staff relatively friendly and the concept easy, what's not to like? Unfortunately, the food.I started with the Big Al ($7.45), the 8-inch version of their Italian Beef sandwiches. I want to eat it like Chicagoans do, so I ordered the sandwich dipped, then covered with hot giardiniera, a relish of pickled peppers and vegetables. Taking my position, with my butt in the air and my elbows on the counter top, I took the first bite. First I was amazed just how juicy the sandwich was. Then another surprise hit me -- the meat was almost flavorless.I was so disappointed that after a few bites I decided to try a Chicago Dog ($3.10). But the hot dog was so small and shriveled I wasn't sure you could call it a hot dog; more like a hot mess.There were a few highlights, including the delicious Bleu Cheese Fries ($4.50), perfectly cooked French fries covered with bleu cheese crumbles and dressing. Another treat was the Tamale Boat ($5.80), two Chicago-style tamales covered with chili, cheddar cheese and onions.When one of the employees decided that it was time for Headbangers Ball, playing thrash metal over the restaurant's loudspeakers, I took it as my cue to leave.Maybe this place should be renamed Al's French Fried Tamale Mosh Pit? Rock on man, rock on.
2	Okay, so I visited Al's again for the first time since they opened. Whoa, where to begin. We ordered the Italian Beef combo w/sausage and a double Chicago style Red Hot, that came without drinks to $12. The beef was cut so thin and was sitting in the juice for so long that is was a pile of mush; and I ordered it dry. Go figure. The double Red Hots must have been in water too long since there was no snap in the Vienna beef hot dogs and the bun was moist. So what can I say?  One star at best from my original four when they first opened.  Oh, what I would give for a Super Dawg or a Gold Coast. Heh, maybe they'll open a Lou Malnati's someday?
2	After a friend raved about the food, we decided to try Al's.  My husband ordered the beef sandwich, which he said was okay.  I ordered a hot dog, which was disappointing.  It was small and not satisfying (and I am usually a light eater).  The atmosphere is good though (clean and no customer service complaints).  We were really hoping to be blown away by the food and were disappointed that is was just okay.  Our comparison is Dickie's Dogs at McDowell Mountain Ranch.  Dickie's had amazing food but unfortunately is now closed :(
4	This place rocks. I have been a handfiul of times now since living here.I was born in Chicago and truly love a great Italian beef sandwich.Great authentic sandwich.  To back up the sandwich they have incredible french fries too.    Friendly staff and comfy setting.The only gripe would be that it lacks the rough and grungy feel of a true Chicago joint on the street corner.After all it is Scottsdale and appearances need to be regulated to be popular with the folks spending dough in the town.I accept the Scottsdale appearance and plan to visit again and again
4	I was up here today hanging out and was hungry for something different.  I cruised past this place, slammed on my brakes, and whipped into the parking lot at a high rate of speed.After throwing the car in park, I made a fast dash for the inside.  Something you should know about me:I love a good hot dog, and this place has em!  They have a great menu selection of Hot Dogs (ALL beef too....tasty!) sandwiches and burgers...AND the prices are AWESOME!  I got an all beef hot dog, with fries and a coke.  Grand total?  $5.34!   Plus, you can get booze here if you like.  They also have TV screens in here, and at the time, they had on some football games, which was nice.It's a nice place because I feel like its relaxed enough to enjoy a nice meal with a friend here, yet not to barish or uptight that you can't relax and have a decent meal.  Plus, the prices are great too!  What a great way to spend a saturday afternon.I would gladly return to this place...prices are awesome, food is great, and the place is not typical pretentious Scottsdale!  wooohoooo!
3	I guess we felt like a hotdog...hahaha. Saw the hot dog man on the corner of the street earlier in the week and needed to grab a quick bite before heading out for errands. I guess this place is known for the beef sandwiches. We will try that next time. Decent vienna beefs.  A little thin, but we scarfed them down. The dogs come with a hand full of fries in the hotdog wrapper.  We ordered fries anyway, because we did not know this. Fries are good.  They remind me of old school steak fries in a steamy kind of way.  They are not crunchy, they are kinda 'limpy' but tasty!
2	This place certainly is hyped and is well worth the trip if what you seek is italian beef which is done fairly well and is one of the best that I've had.   However if you're looking for real Chicago style hot-dogs, this place is a big disappointment.    The droopy, slightly cold monstrosity they put in front of me on a bun would never pass must in Chicago, nor anywhere else for that matter.Want Italian Beef?   This is your joint.    Chicago-style hot-dogs?   Luke's down the street does them far better!
2	We visited Al's last summer, excited that they opened a place nearby. I have had Italian Beef in Chicago at several places and locally, too. I'm not a connoisseur, per se, but I am a foodie and I've tasted enough Italian Beef to know what's fresh and what isn't. The beef sandwich at this location was just really not that tasty and the fries were very limp and greasy! I was so disappointed. Maybe I will try it again, but with Joey's of Chicago near my home, I'll likely just stick with their more reliably fresh food.
1	There's a sign inside of Al's that reads, "The Best Sandwiches in America." That title must have been self proclaimed. The BEST sandwiches in America? Hardly!I work in North Scottsdale and know that the area is saturated with restaurants, particularly sandwich shops. I have my pick of the litter, so to speak, but on this day I dropped in on Al's, which I'd heard was new to the area. Someone in my office had tried the place so I figured I'd give it a go. The restaurant itself is nice, afterall, it's North Scottsdale and everything there is just a little bit nicer than everywhere else. I have no qualms with the decor. It's the food and the service I take issue with. Now, I used to work in the food industry, albeit, fast food, but food nonetheless. I know what it's like to serve people since I was a cashier. A cashier should reflect the face of the business, and a positive one at that, if they hope to make any money. The cashier who greeted me at Al's was anything but friendly. She was cordial but bordering on being annoyed, either at me directly or over the fact that she had to work that day. Regardless of her reason, she made me feel like I was a burden to her, instead of feeling welcome. I'd taken a quick look at the menu, which was pretty basic. There were french fries in various states of being drowned in either bleu cheese or nacho sauce. No thanks, I passed on those. There were hot dogs, sausage and beef sandwiches, their signature dish. I, however, decided to take a healthier route and went with the char-grilled, grilled onion chicken sandwich for around six bucks. Everything is a la carte there, as there are no "value meals." Fine. I paid my $6 and got a glass of water. I sat down and waited for my order to come up....and I waited, and waited. Finally, after 15 minutes, (which to me, seems like a long time for one chicken sandwich) it came up. This better be a darned good chicken sandwich, I thought to myself.I unwrapped the foil wrapper and dug in. The roll was light and fluffy but that's where the good stuff ends. The onions were cut in such a way that they all fell out of the sandwich. Had they been able to stay on the sandwich they may have lended some flavor to it.The chicken itself was dry and tasteless. If it wasn't for the fact that it was drowned in ketchup and mustard (dripping down my arm) there would be no flavor at all. What really bothered me the most was the dry texture of the chicken coupled with the dryness of the roll. I had to take sips of water to keep my mouth from drying out. Overall, my experience at Al's was not so good. The service was mediocre and the food was even worse. Even though I only tried one thing on the menu I am not tempted to go back to try anything else. I have to believe that if this sandwich was of bad quality then the rest of their food will be the same. I'm sorry to say, but there were no redeeming qualities about the sandwich shop that claims to have "The Best Sandwich In America."
2	Management or lack thereof have ruined this place - zero service and food has become completely mediocre..
2	Tried this place on opening day because of the freebies on behalf of my father. We have always gone to Luke's (yes, the 16th Street location too) and needless to say, I was disappointed. Had I not been to Luke's before, I'm sure my experience would have been better. Too commercialized, mid range tasting food. I won't be back on my own that's for sure.
3	Al's Beef in Chicago was never one of my regular places that I ventured to to grab an Italian beef. There are so many other small "ma & pa" places that I pretty much passed Al's up. That being said, I at least got to try it in Scottsdale!I ordered a sausage and beef combo with hot giardiniera and some fries. The fries were decent - crispy and salty. The giardiniera was great, and definitely looked and tasted like it was taken out of a big pot in back rather than a big jar from a wholesale store. The beef was also tasty and definitely seemed like it had been marinating in its juices for a couple hours. Everything was pretty good until the sausage. The sausage was an alright link, but it wasn't hot; it was cooling off. From "order up" to table to mouth is all it took, seemingly. I really like my hot sandwiches piping hot, especially when that sandwich is an Italian beef (hybrid). Shite happens unfortunately though, and at least the flavors were pretty good. I'd give Al's another go. It passes, but didn't win me over.
1	I had the italian beef from Al's and am not impressed at all.  It seemed bland, even with the hot peppers and cheese added.Top the medoicre food off with the fact that my credit card started having charges pop up on it from gas stations in Chicago days after I ate here (I don't travel there and don't even know anyone who lives there).Contacted the credit card company, contacted the police, and will NEVER, NEVER, NEVER eat here again.  I would prefer starvation.  I won't mention the name of the other location, but there is another restaurant in the immediate area that serves italian beef that is infinitely better and won't steal your credit card number, go there instead.
4	We first heard of Al's Beef on the Man vs Food and I was immediately interested.  We first visited Al's in Chicago, at the original resturant.  I was a mess...you could tell I was a rookie!  I had the spicy beef sandwich and it was amazing!!  I loved it!!  I am going to try and recreate at home...
5	What a fabulous place!  If only I lived closer!!!!  Laura runs an excellent business!
4	Found this place on Groupon.comThe employees were all nice and friendly and chatted with me while they made our food. We got a 50's burger and a BBQ chicken sandwich with some blue cheese fries, DELISH! The fries especially were AWESOME with the nice hot sauce they put under the cheese. Would come back again :-) There will always be "Chicago style" snobs which is fine, they can go elsewhere and whine while I dine and enjoy myself. ;)
4	This is a solid economical choice for lunch and a great Italian Beef sandwich. Get yours "dipped" if you don't mind a little mess and want more flavor. The interior is also much nicer than you would ever expect from the facade. I will be back again soon...UPDATE: I went back again this weekend - the Chicago Dog is wonderful.
3	I kept hearing about how great Al's beef was so I knew I had to try it for myself. I looked over the menu and ordered the regular Al (6") and an order of the buffalo blue fries (Real potatoes drizzled with chunky blue cheese and tangy hot sauce. I would say the Italian beef had a unique taste not sure if that was a good thing. The fries on the other hand kicked ass I would order them again for sure.
4	I'm not a fan of roast beef or its many derivative dishes, but from what I see this is the place to get one. Personally I stick to the Chicago dogs and polish sausages and dang they are good and at a good price.My only beef (har!) is that they aren't a TRUE chicago dog, as they are missing the cucumber and tomato, but regardless still a tasty dog at a great price!
5	Just Spoke with the New Owner's who by the way are extremely nice and was told that they will reopen December 19th 2011. As far as I'm concerned the best Beef in the Valley. There will be new menu items such as Gourmet Salads & Wraps. Be sure to stop in once they reopen.
5	New owners are awesome!!!!!  Good people, earnest in providing a great product with great service.  The restaurant is beautiful too.  My mouth starts watering right when I walk in the door.  Go check them out!!!!
5	WOW!!The new owners of the Al's on Northsight have it down pat! My beef was perfect, as authentic Chicago as it gets (and that's coming from a REAL Chicagoan). My wife loved the fact that they've added salads and wraps. Now I can bring her more often. We were surrounded by great people, great service, and smiling faces. Kudos to the new owners.Great job!!
4	This review is for the "NEW" Al's Beef restaurant which opened on December 19, 2011 under a new management team.One of my fellow Yelper's and I came here for lunch this past week and we were both very impressed.  Under the new owners, they have improved on the old food service by doing away with the smaller Hot Dog (almost kid's size) and went with the regular sized Vienna Beef.  One of my previous complaints. Also improved, is their signature Beef sandwich which is now tastier and what you expect a Chicago Beef sandwich to be!  The old owners served a very mushy, too thinly slided version of the sandwich which was hard to like no matter how you asked them to make it.  The new sandwich is very much like Al's Beef in Chicago.  It might even be as good as Portillo's.I had the Italian Beef Combo "dry", which means it came with an Italian grilled sausage in the middle, with juice on the side.  It was delicious!The new owners came around and handed out frequent dinners cards and introduced his wife and himself.  The old restaurant didn't seem to have owners on the premises.  Go figure why they had a problems, huh?Enjoy!
2	************Left Disappointed ---- Just As I Expected ***********Was hopping to be impressed............ little has changed.Same-O Same-O with New Ownership......... won't survive either.I'LL CONTINUE........going to Taste Of Chicago.....where $5.68 + tax gets you a dog fries and drink.Better yet ...... the Valleys best ..... for Italian beef and Hot Dogs    is CHICAGO HAMBURGER COMPANY on Indian SchoolThis place is just........not up to the COMPETITION
2	My impression of the New Al's.....I was thrilled to see Al's was open again and stopped for a hot dog....I knew exactly what I wanted but glanced at the menu to make sure it was the same and my eyes popped out of head!!!OMG.....the prices have JUMPED!   I asked if the hot dog was bigger than it used to be..thinking that would be at least a reason for the price hike...one person said yes...the other owner? said no....Turns out the hot dog was the same size...still a good hot dog...but I was not happy paying about $1.50 more for the same size hot dog.Let's get to the fries...which I have always enjoyed as they remind me of the hot dog joynt I grew up going to in Chicago....the fries were o.k....but there was sooooo much salt on them and so many old looking fries I just couldnt eat them.I am sure I will be back to try the beef...only because Lukes SUCKS....Unfortunately now that Al's is charging as much as Lukes...their beef will  have to be pretty darn good to keep me as a customer.Overall....very dissapointed....Note to the owners...... You really need to have above average food to compensate for your price hike if you want to not end up closing down again.Just because we are in Scottsdale doesnt mean we are willing to throw away money on bad food!
3	Time for another review...my first visit to the NEW Al's wasent so great.....but in my review I did say I would be back to try the beef.Let me start by saying...I am a VERY tough critic....I know what I like and if you advertise anything Chicago...that is what I compare to...not other local business.....I stopped by at 11am ...(my thinking is everything will be fresh)...and I did order a regular size beef and small fry....I was still not thrilled that it cost over $10.00 for a beef and small fry...however... I dont mind paying more if I feel its worth it...and in this girls opinion....the beef was TERRIFIC!I did order the beef wet...with au jus and their homemade peppers on the side.The beef (as previously reviewed by someone else) was dry and a bit bland...however...once I poured the au jus and peppers over it.....BAM!!!!The flavors EXPLODED!  The sandwich was ample and two of us shared it and we were both very satisfied.I like a beef sandwich that is NOT thick pieces of beef...and this was exactly that...Lots of beef and the bread was nicely saturated in the yummy juices....When I was in the restaurant I had the pleasure of speaking to Michelle...one of the owners  who was very interested in my opinion....so much so that she asked me to call her and let her know what I think...I did just that....so Michelle....this review is for you....and for all of you Chicagoians out there who enjoy a really hefty and flavorful Italian beef.If you went to Al's once....my suggestion is.....give it another try and order something different to get the true experience.I will DEFINATELY be back for the Beef   I realize food is really  personal preference....Some think Lukes is good....to me Lukes is BAD food at EXTREMELY high prices...I tried it once and wont ever go back....so bad I went against my rule of always trying a restaurant  at least twice...just to make sure....  So, if you are comparing Al's to Luke...NO COMPARISON!!!Al's WINS any day of the week....It is my opinion...that if it a Beef sandwich you are looking for....no need to go any further than "Al's Italian Beef"!
3	The food and service is good, but what ruins this place is its high price and lack of authenticity.  Nothing about this franchise location reminds me of Al's #1 Italian Beef in Chicago.  It's a good Italian beef, just not what I think of when I think of Al's.The beef is good quality and delicious, but it's just missing the correct flavor that you get in Chicago.  The giardiniera (hot peppers) are perfectly spicy and the sweet peppers offer a wonderful additional flavor to the sandwich.  I paid $8.00 for a regular sandwich (with tax).  Not expensive for Italian Beef, especially since it was quite filling, but it still felt a little steep considering it would be at least another $3 or $4 for fries and a drink.I think the biggest problem with this location is space.  The dining room is huge, although there really aren't that many tables.  The middle is wide open as if there's going to be a massive lunch rush.  However, at 12:30 on a Monday afternoon, the place was dead.  I haven't been to the real Al's since I was a kid, but I remember it as being a little dive.  It would've been a lot smarter for Al's to be in a much smaller spot, maybe they could charge less for their beef if they didn't have to pay so much for their square-footage.Unfortunately for Al's, there's already a few Chicago hotdog/Italian beef joints in the Raintree area.  Name recognition to Chicagoans is the best thing Al's has going for it.  But, that's what has me the most disappointed because my expectations were way too high going in.**TIP**If you're not from Chicago, order your sandwich dipped.  This means dunked in au jus after its assembled.  It's messy but wonderful.  The only real way to eat an Italian beef.
5	Wow! I'm so glad Al's Beef is back and it is waaaaaaay better! This time the beef portion is much better for the $$ and the service was truly a great experience coming from the fast food joints! I'm definatley coming back soon and I will bring my family and friends as well! Thanks for re-opening Al's Beef!
4	I should have known better that since the Cubs have spring training in Arizona, there must be a Chicago eatery around.  And there is one- one that I actually saw on tv once!Thankfully it was Al's beef.Go up, order, and they call your order when it's ready.  I got a Big Al, w/cheese and hot peppers- dipped.  Also got a side of chili-chese fries.The place was big and clean, and of course, had the classic "Welcome to Chicago" slogan on the front door.  I couldn't imagine it any other way.The sandwich was literally the best I have had.  The bread was soaked but still held up as I chomped it.  The peppers were finely chopped and gave it a great flavor that I cannot compare it too.The only thing that prevented me from giving this place 5 stars was the huge Pepsi machine they had...I think too for the price, you get a great deal.The place isn't limited to beef, so keep that in mind if you are looking for something else to chomp on!
4	Al's make a very tasty beef and sausage combo. Dipped with hot peppers is the only way to go. As a Chicago native I can honestly say this sandwich tasted just like the one from the Chi. They've gotta change the sign on the door, Richard Daley is no longer the mayor of Chicago. I ate the sandwich and fries 3 hours ago and i'm still full.
3	When I lived near Chicago I only ate at an Al's once.  Not particular reason.  I just chose to buy my beef at Portillo's.  But I was happy to see a place to buy Italian beef at a location closer to me than Dazzo's.I ordered a regular beef with hot peppers, provolone and had it dipped (an absolute must).  The beef was pretty good.  I'm not too picky with my Italian beef and feel it's difficult to mess up (I went to a Rosati's in Queen Creek and the sandwich was baked!  WTF!).  In my humble opinion, when folks talk about who has the best beef it's typically the place they grew up eating.  I never found much of a difference between beef options in Chicago.  The restaurant was clean and orderly.  Service was blase and one worker was a bit rude with a guy asking where his order was.I was eating with a Chicago native and a guy that spent time in the burbs.  They ordered the Chicago dogs and neither were impressed.  The toppings were skimpy and not messy enough for their taste.  I'm not a fan of the Chicago dog myself as I feel there's too much vegetation on it.  If you could trick a PETA person into eating the dog because the veggies overpower the dog, that's not a real hot dog.  Just saying.  They both referred to the dogs as "terrible" but try it out for yourself if the Chicago dog is your thing.Dazzo's is still my pick for Italian beef in the Phoenix area but Al's is still good and worth a visit.
4	I went in the other day for a burger and was not impressed. While i'm still a fan I will stick with the Italian beefs. Five Guys makes a much better burger, in my opinion.
5	I'm a Chicago North Sider so I was not familiar with Al's from back in my Chicago days.  I have always been a huge fan of Portillos however I had to give Al's a shot.  HAPPY DAY!  Had a beef, dipped, sweet and an order of Cheese fries.  It was the best beef I have had in years.  Hot, juicy and just enough spice to give it a kick without going over the top.  Needless to say I will be back to Al's on a regular basis.
4	Bottom line: the new owners bring you better beef than Al's in Chicago. Yes-they really do.Italian food tastes better in Italy (usually). That meal on a dock in Sausalito is not the same even if you copy it exactly when you get home. Food is an experience that is altered by the location, mood, companions and results.  So, being at Al's in Scottsdale is not the same as being in Chicago...that's obvious, so get over the fact that you're stuck in North Scottsdale, and not in the Windy City. But the new owner's seem to have this place clicking. The sandwich is awesome, and they work the floor to check on your experience. They care. I read a bad review about a hambuger here...are ya nuts? Al's...ditch the burger...who cares? and customer...what the heck brought you here for a burger? Sheeesh. I digress...again.I have always enjoyed a trip to Al's in Chicago. Portillo's, Johnny's, and don't even get me going on the Portillo's vs Al's debates, but even though Al's beef wasn't always the best quality, the combination of beef, grease, jardiniere, gravy (jus), spices, and peppers at Al's has always nailed it flavor-wise for my palate.When I worked in Phoenix, a trip to Luke's on Indian School every few months would deliver an OK time, but it didn't really satisfy my craving for great Italian beef.The first franchise for Al's at this location, brought those flavors I was craving, but messed up everything else about running a restaurant, and I still went back, and was sad to see them not make a go of it.Unfortunately, that left a flavor void, and I kept waiting for new Management to get open...and just before they did, I went on a very serious training and diet regime. My latest race results and training schedule gave me a little room for coming off the regime a little, and I decided today was my perfect cheat day...I mean Al's day.They really nailed it.My fries were wonderful (I was eating them while they were bringing me hot sauce)....crisp, slightly browned, gooey in the middle, loaded with flavor, without being over-salted. The beef was absolutely great, better meat than original Al's in Chicago, as good as Portillo's in meat quality, but with all those insanely fantastic flavors I remember from my best sandwiches at Al's. Definitely one of my best sandwiches so far in 2012...and I highly suggest the "Wet, with a side of gravy" method.Many may object, (oh, ye lazy masses) but, I think Al's tradition of fully-dipped sandwiches leaves you with a sodden mess, that takes the bread out of the sandwich equation. If you are indeed- lazy, well then the dipped style gives you more wet bread that has soaked up that insanely good flavor combination. So if you are lazy, and also-messy, get it dipped. But there is a better way- it just takes a little work and technique...so simple it's easily mastered by a hungry 7 year-old, but they can also fix a frozen iPhone, so....The perfect compromise is to order the sandwich Wet, with a big side of gravy (no charge for that- thank god). You can pour large amounts of the jus into the end as you go (obviously held upright), pinching the sandwich down below your planned bite, so the jus doesn't just run through, but soaks the meat and that portion of the bread from the inside out. Lot's of the jus is what Al's beef needs to soak the meat and release that delicious flavor combination, absolutely soaking the bread too, but maintaining the sandwich integrity, while adding in a tiny little bread crunch on the outside. (As a caution: you can order the beef "Dry". My advice if that would be your choice: don't go here. This is not a sandwich that is designed to be eaten dry- the beef will be flavorless and without charm. A Roast Beef from a good deli will be awesome if that is what you are in the mood for)"Wet, gravy on the side, sweet and hot peppers, cup of hot sauce.". Spice the gravy up with hot sauce to your taste, pinch that sandwich, and pour as you go.Freaking awesome sandwich, that blows away the local alternatives. And I'm perfectly happy with a spotless, new interior in North Scottsdale. I don't need Chicago memorabilia or grungy atmosphere to enhance my sandwich experience when the beef is this good. Bring a few good friends, order up a few beef, try a combo with sausages, share and compare, and start your own great dining tradition. Very cool to think that I won't be jamming a daily Italian beef into every Chicago trip just because I couldn't get them anywhere else. Gotta step up the training another notch so this can be a weekly lunch choice, because I am stuffed right now, and I still want more of that flavor!!
4	Seriously, this place is seriously good. Like, no joke good.  I was shocked to be honest.  I've had Al's in Chicago and this place is just as good, if not better.  The place is true Chicago decor but the food...it's where it's at.I've had the Chipotle chicken wrap, which is seriously good.  The bf has gotten the Maxwell, which is his fave but has had the dogs in multiple variations and is always pleased.Check it out.
2	What to say?  Meh!  Although it might be 2.5 stars, but it's for sure not 3.One more place that I can add to my list of things that don't live up to the hype.Had the Italian Beef and Chicago Dog.First the beef.  You could tell the beef was pretty good quality and to my surprise there was more than enough of it for my tastes.  We ordered the sandwich dipped so the good news is that it made the bread edible.  Had it not been that way I expect the clearly stale bread would have been on the inedible side.  As for flavor about the only thing you could taste was the dip.  The beef had no discernible flavor on it's own.  Having said that I found the dip to be high on the pepper side and as such I got to taste it for several hours later.Now the hot dog.  I don't claim to be an expert on Chicago cuisine, but I'm pretty sure a Chicago dog includes  celery salt.  None here...nada, zip, zero.  Oddly enough that little missing ingredient makes a lot of difference.  The dog also comes with fries.  Now most places on the planet the fries come on a separate plate/bag/cup/whatever.  Not here.  Fries come wrapped in the paper that contains the dog.  I wasn't digging this little innovation.There are all kinds of signs/posters in the place telling you about how good the sandwich is and who says so.  Also on one of those TV food/travel channel competitions the beef sandwich was named the winner for the midwest region as the best sandwich in America.  As of this writing the overall winner hasn't been named but if the beef sandwich comes even remotely close to winning, I'm going to throw my TV out the window.  This place isn't even remotely close to where I live, but since I was in the neighborhood we stopped in.  I wouldn't make a special trip, but I might give it a try again (just to see if I can "get it") if I'm ever back in the neighborhood.
2	This place was a disappointment.  I'm a big fan of a good Italian Beef sandwich.  I was introduced to it when I lived in the Chicago area in 2001.  Since I've moved back to AZ, I am always in search of a good one.  Lately, on my way to Anaheim for a little family fun, I stop at Portillo's in Buena Park or Moreno Valley.  This is a must.  Needless to say this is what I compare Italian Beef sandwiches to.The Italian Beef sandwich at Al's just did not compare.  Not only was the beef dry even though I got it wet, but it just tasted different.  It was definitely an unexpected taste for me.  The rest of the family agreed too.  The hype was there but did not deliver or meet my expectations for me.To top it off, the service wasn't the best either.  It took a few times for the cashier to get the order right.  And even though the order was right they still managed to screw up one of the items we ordered.  Though they did rectify it.  And to top it off, we ordered a "chopped" salad.  The lettuce wasn't even chopped.  What?  Not chopped?  It's the little things.We ended up leaving disappointed.  It was a bust for us and definitely not worth the trek from Chandler.
1	Very disappointing.
5	Had a chance to visit  Al's Beef and It's better then Ever. New to the Menu is The Jumbo Char Dog Chicago Style. Fanatastic, nothing like this in the Valley and reminds me of The Char Dog Back Home In Chicago. Only this may be Better. Stop by and try one, you won't be Disappointed. Only $5.95 with Fries a Great price for a Great Hot Dog.
2	I promise this will be my final review on Al's.My last review commended them on their Beef sandwich....ok...so heres the thing...If you get there at the right time of the day (when they open when everything is fresh and the beef hasent been sitting in hot water all day) you get a good beef sandwich(as long as you add the peppers for taste..which btw they charge you for),     however if you get there around 5pm the beef is soggy and tasteless.... sorry michelle and Burt but I gotta tell it how it is.Now for a simple thing like a hot dog.... ok, so the dog is small, taste is everything....theres the key word....taste....So heres the thing....if you order a hot dog, tell them exactly how you want the condiments, otherwise you will end up with a hot dog saturated in relish or other ingredients....now some people might like a little hot dog with their relish, but not me.Now, lets get to Al's redeeming quality....the fries......So heres the thing..... if you want overly salted well done fries then dont say anything, but if you want golden fries with salt to your liking(like the picture they show), then ask them to not cook them as long and NO SALT!I have had several friends go to Al's and unfortunately have not had good reviews from them so I will let people read the reviews and decide for themselves.Overall, if you want to stop at a hot dog joynt and have to dictate exactly how to prepare your food, then Al's is the place for you.I wish I could suggest a good hot dog place but I just havent found one yet so if anyone has any VALID suggestions..... please share.I will be moving from Scottsdale in a few months and when I do chances are I wont be back to Al's because it simply is not worth going out of the way for.Al's is simply not consistent and I hate spending good money on bad food.The owners (btw) are very nice, but nice doesnt bring the customers backThe decision is yours.....try it or dont try it but until then.......Bon Appetite'
3	Great all beef dogs and beef sandwiches, hospitable kids running the place but a bit of fraternity feel! The Muzak music was up so loud the speakers were distorting :-)! Get it to go!
3	Pretty good food and fun atmosphere. It is so spacious in there! I would say that if I liked this type of food better, it would be 4 stars for us. We do really like the french fries!
5	Stopped in today for lunch. There's a reason this place is famous. Really fantastic sandwich. I had the same sandwich that won best sandwich on that Man vs Food show - absolutely delicious. The owners are awesome family franchisees who were friendly and accommodating. The restaurant was gorgeous and immaculate as well. For a fast-casual restaurant, this place seemed pretty upscale and professional. The truth is, this is a very small chain based out of Chicago with only a few locations outside of IL... and only one in Arizona so far. You can't go into this thinking "Cheesesteak" (not that you would)... it's a really flavorful italian beef. You also have to expect that the bread is going to get a little soggy from the meat juices. The bread they use is great and even though I let my sandwich sit for a bit, it didn't get too soggy at all. Just soaked up the flavors a bit - only the last bit of bread at the end was a little wet. The fries were hand cut (the owner was proud of this - as he should be), and delicious. Know that you can order your fries however you like them - regular, crispy, no salt or extra salty. I hope they open more locations - this one delivers around the area, so that's rad. Makes me wish I lived closer. I'm definitely going back to try a dog - haven't had one in awhile. I just got back from a trip to Chicago too, so it will be fun to compare. So far, it's spot-on. The closest thing to this I can think of is Luke's which is different. Both are good.I really don't understand some of the negative reviews here... this place is immaculate, everyone is nice, and the food is awesome. Italian beef might not be for everyone, but there's something for everyone here.
4	So many different opinions, you just have to try for yourself. Me... If I'm in the area, it's Al's. Every time.The Italian Beef is very, very good. No Chicagoans, It's not Portillo's. It's not supposed to be. It's Al's! So to all of us who hail from the windy city, let's all hold hands and make peace with the fact that Al's isn't Portillo's. That's why the sign above the door say's "Al's". Now shut up about it!I ate at Portillo's three or four times a week when I was back home, and I'm looking forward to them being here too. But I'm just as happy to have Al's. This place is great!The Polish is very good. Hot Dogs are great; The Combo was sooo sloppy good I was in heaven. The Italian Beef was awesome! Love the dipped option, sweet & hot with provolone. Sooooo damn good I'm getting hungry just thinking about it now!Fries are just like Nanna's Hot Dogs on Irving Park, what I grew up with. Sooooo good! And to J.P. from Chandler.... All of the hot dog places I grew up with in Chicago always did and still do wrap your fries and dog together in paper. It's authentic, so enjoy the experience.Folks, it comes to this. Al's does it their own way, so quit comparing it to every other place. They don't need to be anyone else! This place is great, a Chicago Institution that has stood the test of time, and worth the price tag. Especially if you're a wayward Chicagoan longing for the flavor's and feel of the windy city. Walk into Al's, and you're home. Even if just for a little while. Mangiare!
4	O. M. F'ing. Gee! It was so good, and delivery was so fast...like faster than freaky fast...it was like Roadrunner fast...or Speedy Gonzales 'ANDALE ANDALE ARRIBA ARRIBA YEE HAW YEE HAW' rapido, or like 'Chip, I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey!' fast...and just as quickly, it was gone.To be honest, I don't even think the italian beef sandwich, drenched and then smothered in sweet and hot peppers with provolone cheese, even knew what hit it. One moment, it's all safe, warm & cozy in its pot, skillet, oven...wherever italian beef comes from, then BAM! it's whisked off on a whirlwind adventure, delivered and not even 10 minutes later swimming in tummy acid. Happy tummy acid. To be frank (because I guess I already used 'To Be Honest'), I have enjoyed other tamales w/ chili and cheese a *skosh* better (not bad, but not the best ever), but the italian beef sandwich today has me hooked (plus they have pink lemonade AND deliver, and that ALWAYS makes working Tygers happy). Lots of delicious sounding stuff on the menu, I'm looking forward to trying the chicago dog and the buffalo bleu fries. One note to the delivery driver/to-go order specialists/management: When delivering a giant mess of a sandwich, make sure to also include napkins, fork and knife. Maybe even some of those moist towelettes they give to bbq revelers. While Clinton and Lewinski may think it's cute to have a little mess on a dress, the people I work with do not appreciate it. **Just kidding, no dresses were harmed during the scarfing down of this meal.*
4	Dear Barry--I have an observation, more than a review.When we first moved here nearly five years ago.  The only place in town to get some Chicago food was Luke's.  Then Al's opened, but failed miserably and closed quickly.   You can still see my Two Star review.  This time last year (December 19, 2011), you took over and re-opened Al's, making it a genuine Chicago place. King Scott and I came by after the re-opening and thought it was just as good as the one on 1079 W. Taylor Street,http://www.yelp.com/biz/als-no-1-italian-beef-chicago in Chicago's "Little Italy" near UIC, or the one on West Adams http://www.yelp.com/biz/als-italian-beef-chicago What really knocked me out, were all the One Star, No profile Picture, One Review Yelp'ers who wanted to dump on your (Barry's) parade.  Who knew that Chicago dogs were so competitive here in Arizona?  I myself got a bunch of "Neg-heads" writing private messages, saying they couldn't eat here, never had a bite of the food, but thought the place was crap.  Or, the cheap-ohs who thought the prices were too high.  Geez!I just came back from having lunch ($9.50) here and had a great time.  I ordered the Italian combo dipped, with gravy on the side.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!I still go to Luke's from time to time, but Barry (Al) please know, you make a good Chicago Italian Beef! Congrats to you and thank you for persevering!  --R/Georgie
5	Great food. Friendly staff.  Another great WiFi location where I can eat and work.  Businesses that don't include WiFi these days are missing opportunities.  I'm glad these guys get it.
1	I am so disappointed with my first experience!  We came in as a party of 4, the last person didn't get their meal until 15 minutes after the rest of us sat down.  I ordered a polish dog - and to my horror after biting in, a huge piece of plastic!  The manager offered to make me something else, but it's a hot dog, that you cover with toppings - they aren't paying attention, which makes me wonder, how much is really looked over.  On top of plastic, the overall customer service was lackluster.  The girl behind the register was rude and you could tell she took no pride in her job. Overall, very disappointed!
3	Al's now has a $20 for $10 coupon on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  A good deal that makes it worth checking out.
3	The sandwiches were alright but nothing too special about the place. Prices are good, service is friendly as well.
1	I was so very disappointed!!!  This is not even close to the Al's Beef on Taylor street.  The beef tastes old and the fries are limp and soggy.  The decor is nice but no counter space to put your tray while you get ketchup.  Not that I will ever be coming back!
4	I was planning a luncheon for my office and they had a menu for Al's Beef on hand so I gave them a call to see if they fit into our budget. Rich and Barry were very nice and helped me figure out what would be enough to order to feed our group and stay within budget. We exchanged a few phone calls over a few days, decided on a menu, and they delivered it right on time just before our event started. Everyone in the office loved it and I got a ton of questions about where the food was from and how they had heard such great things about Al's Beef. Based on my experience I give them 5-stars but since I didn't get a chance to try the food, I'll have to go in and taste it for myself :)
4	Once again, Groupon led me to a great place to grab a quick, delicious dinner!  My wife and I really enjoyed the signature sandwich...which indeed is the main attraction.  The hot dog and burger were also tasty, and our order didn't take long.  I've already recommended this place to friends, and I have no doubt that I may see myself there again soon.
4	What it's not. Al's on Taylor street. Not be sue the food isn't good. It doesn't have a great location and it's not a made over garage with no restroom.What it does have is one of the best Italian Beefs in Phoenix.  I get it sweet and dipped. And the fries. If you like fresh cut fries and I do, this is the place. Whenever I'm in Scottsdale which is about once a week I drop by and say Hi to Barry and get my Chicago fix.I also get the Jumbo Char Dog. This is one Hot Dog. While the regular dog is a natural casing Vienna Dog the Jumbo Char Grilled is as good as it gets.I grew up on places they Fluky's and Weiners Circle as well as Mustards Last Stand just to name a few. My Chicago food cred is second to none.In Chicago my Beef priority would be Al's, Mr Beef, Luke's and then a few real mom and pops like Roma's or Captain Nemo's. actually Captain Nemo's was pretty good yet not what I would call a traditional Beef. Anyway I digress. Just like in Chicago my first choice for Beef would be Al's, second when I'm near downtown or Chandler it would be Luke's and just like in Chicago the only time I would go to Portillos is when every one else that has a good beef is closed. One piece of advice for people who have tried an Italian Beef and didn't like it. If they had a sign saying they serve Vienna Italian Beef. That has to be some of the worst Beef and Gravy made. The thing about all the other Beef Places I mentioned in AZ is that they make their own. The only Beef I would by that is a Name Brand would be Scala. Have never seen a place in Phoenix that has it.And is it just me or has Oregano's gone downhill in the last year.Al's is still number one, even in Phoenix. just like in Chicago.
3	In the world of Italian beef sandwiches, I am sorry to say that Al's is not the winner...my favourite is still Portillo's....which wins in overall taste, quality, speed and value. I went there for lunch with my dad after shopping the nearby Home Depot....there was not a soul in there...and overall,  must say that my sandwich was nothing but a greasy mess where I wish my mouth had been double in size to wrestle with this monster...and the fries were nothing to rave about either...
4	Thanks to Groupon, we've dined at this place several times.  Each time, I've had the Beef Sandwich....here's how I order it:- Dry w/Gravy on the side (Choices are Dry, Dipped, Wet) - Hot Giardiniera Peppers (Choices are Hot or Sweet Peppers)- Provolone Cheese (Choices are Provolone, Cheddar, Cheese Whiz)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/als-beef-scottsdale?select=jzfT8qobYwYp5wxuFxOF4g#jzfT8qobYwYp5wxuFxOF4gLet me tell you that the Beef is legit here!  This is an authentic Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich!  The Beef is moist, full of flavor, and the Bread holds it all together perfectly.  The Giardiniera is hot and spicy and makes the Sandwich even better.  I like to get the Gravy on the side so I can add more flavor as needed while I'm devouring the Sandwich.The French Fries here are awesome too.  They remind me of the Fries at 5 Guys except they don't have the spice options that they offer there.  Doesn't matter, the Fries here are excellent....and addicting.  The rest of the family loves this place too.  We're very happy to have it so close to our neighborhood.Return Factor - 97%
5	Have been enjoying the food here for years now only to find that it just closed up last week.Sure hope it opens up again and soon because the good there was excellent!
2	I kind of wondered how long it would take for Al's Beef to close up shop after Portillo's arrived in town. Al's closed down a week or so ago. Their beef sandwiches as of the last few months were not as tasty as I remembered when the new ownership took over. I guess the Al's Beef experiment is over in Scottsdale.
