2	This design showroom on South Tryon had some very interesting lighting pieces, but too outlandish for me in both taste and price. I found them to be WAY too expensive; even small hangings were a fortune, anywhere from $500 - $1000 and more. They are all very modern pieces, most are very large. If you are into contemporary design and are looking to make a statement, and have way too much money to spend on a lighting fixture, take a look in here. Just be sure to duck - I'm only 5'1 and I almost hit my head a few times.
3	I stopped in here the other day while returning from nearby Phat Burrito in the hipster-heavy South End area. I didn't need any lighting fixtures or anything, but it's seemed like a cool store so I checked it out. Indeed, the Modern Lighting Design Showroom is a cool store--packed with lights and fixtures of all varieties. And I really mean ALL--you can grab a light your grandma would own or one that your future self (as in 2029) would own. Some very futuristic/artsy stuff in here, so if that's your bag, definitely check it out. I will say this: a lot of the items are pretty pricy. Like, way too much money for me to spend on a light. But I could see how you might wanna.
4	This is a cool place.  As the well chosen name says, these are Modern designs!  I've been here a few times this year and forgot that I did not write a review!
1	QUITE expensive.  Not very competitive in terms of pricing, or price matching for same fixtures online.  Excellent customer service when trying to make the sale.
2	The lighting is beautiful but they aren't eager to work with you unless you have a large budget.  They charge $85 per hour for consulting unless you plan to spend more than $1,000 with them.  For me, it was hard to determine my budget in advance of some planning.  I ended up spending $3,000 on lighting but with another company that really valued my patronage over my pocketbook.
4	Modern Lighting is the first place (and most likely, the ONLY) I will shop for lighting in Charlotte. I've been a customer for almost 10 years. Liza and Cathy are absolutely wonderful to work with and their products are both excellent, as is their expertise. I've purchased at least a dozen fixtures from the over the years. Most recently, I went there after a horrendous experience with a popular national retail home and hardware store whose lights were poorly made. I made an appointment with Liza, brought photos and measurements of my space, and she helped me find the perfect replacements. The lights came in quickly, and were the perfect size and proportion. I also selected lighting for three other rooms while I was there, and am thrilled with every single one. Do yourself a favor and try Modern Lighting before you waste a lot of time on mail-order from catalogs or mistakes from the local hardware store. You'll be thankful for the expert advice and great shopping experience.
5	I stopped in here while visiting Charlotte. The women working were very friendly and helpful. They have a wide variety in their showroom, and are accommodating to find things for you that they don't have in the show room. They are willing to drop ship items as well. Great customer service. I will be ordering from them in the future!
5	Kathy was very helpful, gave us a lot of great ideas,  and not pushy to make a sale at all, and that's why we ultimately went back to make our purchase.
