5	outstanding new Italian restaurant in NW vegas. The best restaurant in the area. Excellent service, food and nice atmosphere. The Caesar salad is one of the best, eggplant parm is fresh & wonderful and gnocchi with pesto is outstanding. Homemade desserts are fantastic. Ozzie the owner and the wait staff are very helpful and cordial.All foods are homemade, no frozen anything, every ingredient is fresh, no microwaves in this restaurant!
5	Great food, great service, good Italian restaurants are hard to come by in Nevada, everything we had was really good, will be back soon, thanks
4	Decent, had sea bass piccata style was good a bit salty, tiramisu was outstanding, service good. Wine list could be better need some moderate priced Italian Chianti & Tuscan. All pretty low end wines on list. Will come back to try some other dishes.
5	Just go!  It is so so good. Service amazing. Food is just great.  Best chicken parm I ever had ... Even compared to my mother who is italian.  I can't put in words how great this place is to dine at...please just go!  We love it.
5	North Beach is a hidden gem! Excellent Italian food, the staff is very friendly, and the food is superb! All dishes are reasonably priced. I've eaten here 3 times and have never been disappointed. I love the  prosciutto mozzarella, lasagna, and the spumoni ice cream cake-all are delicious!
5	Finally a great restaurant back in the neighborhood! We've been going to Bogey's for the past 14 years and have seen the restaurants come and go. North Beach Bistro is like a breath of fresh air, not to mention a reminder of what Vegas used to be! The food was excellent, and the service was excellent! If your in the neighborhood give it a try!
5	Came back for our 3rd visit, I helped out the dishwasher by cleaning the plate, not much left for him to do, once again a great meal
5	Fantastic food, extremely friendly people. ....say hi to Basil the bartender. ..he is a MIchigan State Spartan fan but he is still nice.
5	Went for my husbands birthday, and we were both just amazed by the friendliness of the staff. The food was absolutely out of this world. Overall best Italian in this city, and cheaper than good ol pre packaged Olive Garden. We will be regulars here!
3	Went on 10-04-14 with three friends. Food took 48 minutes to arrive.  Appetizer never showed up.  However, the waitress was nice enough to bring two free desserts for the mix-up.  On the night we went, there was a live singer struttin' around crooning Sinatra to all the little blue-hairs.  We were the youngest ones in the place by 50 years.  Food was pretty darn good, but Olive Garden is cheaper and faster.
5	Place is delicious. Lucky to have found this restuarant. Wil be visiting again soon. Will also be our go to restaurant for visiting guest. Great atmosphere. Try the lasagna and save room for the Creme Bulle. Tell Johnny, the guy at the door, Keith said hello.
5	Amazing restaurant! Best customer service I've ever had! Silvia was so sweet, and made it such a great first experience! There's no doubt that I'll be back! Not to mention, the food was really good and the prices were great considering I'm a college student and on a fixed budget!
5	Love! A hidden gem. Food is great, service is great, and the place is small and comfortable! Wish I had tried it sooner,  will never go back to olive garden.
5	This has to be the best service and best food ever!  We had the Crab Cakes, Lobster Ravioli and of course a cannoli... The food was amazing and the owner and his wife are very pleasant.  You can tell that all the food is hand made... No jarred food in this place.
4	I'm always looking for something new.  Where do I start?  Yelp of course!  So I saw this place on here.  Decent reviews, convenient, inexpensive... sold.  When we pulled up though I was having second thoughts.  Honestly, it looks like a strip club walking up to the entrance.  Head right in the door, a typical bar.  Head left though?  A small Italian restaurant. It was a little brighter than I like but the staff greeted us immediately and was very friendly.  Service was good and so was the food.  I had the stuffed pork chop.  Expected chops, plural.  Still, tasty and we'll prepared.  We'll definitely come back.
5	Excellent, great wine and veal. Definitely a place to go regularly.  For those that know North Beach in The City, the place is appropriately named.
