5	I will only take my dog to Good Doggy if I need to board my dog. Josh (owner) is a pet trainer and takes such good care of Mugsy. He get plenty of exercise, activity and love. Highly recommend them!
5	We love, love, love Good Doggy! Josh and his wife take great care of my two dogs, Sasha and Max. I board the dogs at his house, since my trips tend to be longer, but I would not hesitate to have Josh come to our house as well. They are very trustworthy and I feel confident leaving my dogs with them - I don't have to worry about them getting their food, medicine or special treats, the way I used to when I boarded the dogs at a facility. Sasha and Max even start getting excited and barking when we get within a couple of blocks of Josh's house - they run right up to his door and are ready to play! I would recommend Good Doggy to anyone who wants their furry friend to feel like home when their parents are away.
5	First of all, I have never, ever left my dog with anyone but family-ever.  I found myself in a situation of needing a dog sitter for several days immediately.  After contacting several recommended boarding kennels, I got the same answer---oh,we won't take pit bulls.  I found Josh's ad, crossed my fingers, and gave him a call.After speaking with him, he called me back and said he had a sitter for me.  Hmmm, a stranger in my home taking care of my baby.  I was impressed that he wanted to meet me, my dog, and check my home before committing.  We were both on our best behavior and passed inspection.She followed her routine, got dinner and meds on time, and probably crowded her in bed.  I swear my house was cleaner than when I left.When I returned she had had a bath and seemed a little disappointed it was  me and not Jill.I have already recommended Josh and Good Doggy to my friends that love their blockheads too!
5	Good doggy is great! Both Josh and Kim are very knowledgeable about dog training and care. They have watched my dog on multiple occassions and I have always been extremely impressed with the level of professionalism and attention paid to my dog. All it takes is a few minutes of observation to see that they really do care about the well being of any animal in their care. That is a level of service that is very difficult to find today especially in the Phoenix area. Josh and kimmy are an invaluable asset to me. Even though I hate being away from my dog I would not leave him with anyone else.
5	Good Doggy is the best and ONLY place I will allow my dog to go while I am away from home for a period of time. My dog Cash has awful allergies, including being allergic to himself. So I am extremely cautious on where I take him, because I need to trust that the business I leave him with will give him his medicine on time, and feed him the correct amount of specialty diet that he is on. Not only does my dog have the allergies, but he also has always been semi aggressive towards other dogs. Josh and Kim told me he would be no problem to take on, and not that I didn't believe them, but I was very intrigued on how they would calm him down, especially because he is shy with new people. The moment Cash and I walked into Josh and Kim's home, he ran up to their dog Beau (Who mind you is probably the sweetest, best trained dog out there), and growled at him. Josh quickly got Cash's attention by saying his name and after that there has never been an issue when Cash goes to their house, with ANY of their dogs that they are watching over the course of time that Cash is there. I love the fact that while I am gone I get cute pictures of Cash either playing with other dogs, or with Josh or Kim hugging him. I feel more than comfortable leaving Cash in their hands. Not only are they wonderful pet sitters/trainers, but they have GREAT prices. If you want somewhere that you can take your dog and never have to worry about exceptional care given to him/her at a great price, then you have no need to look any further. Good Doggy is your place to go!
5	Josh has been taking amazing care of my pupps I put them through his 1 month obedience training class. When I got them back, they were like brand new dogs! They learned all of their basic commands, but most importantly to LISTEN. I have two very energetic boxers, and the last thing they want to do is listen when they are locked on target. They walk on a leash without and fancy collars, or gentle leaders. The difference is night and day. He also visits my boys a few times a week during the long work hours when no one is home to get them out of their kennels and exercise them. It's very comforting to know that my pupps, who are basically my kids, are well taken care of when I can't be there. If you have a dog that has a few behavior issues that you can't seem to figure out, or just need some dog sitting for a weekend, he is definitely the person to call
5	Good Doggy has always always always been so helpful and so great with my Greyhound, Buddy. My dog always has friends to play with, he gets daily walks, and even gets pool time in the summer! How fun for Buddy! Josh and Kim are just so great with him, and take awesome care. Sometimes I need Buddy to have a sitter, and sometimes I need him to be visited within my own home. I always choose the 30 minute visits, because that is a good amount of time for Josh and Kim to feed Buddy, walk him, and play a bit with him. I have never had a problem or a complaint with Good Doggy! I would definitely recommend them :)
5	We wholeheartedly recommend Josh and Kim as doggy sitters.  I had to make quite a few trips to California last year, sometimes away for 3 weeks at a time.  I was desperate to find someone I trusted to take care of and board Moppet and Bella.  Good Doggy was the answer!  I particularly loved that I could log onto Facebook and see photos posted showing them happy and healthy.  It's obvious that Josh loves dogs and that's important to any pet owner.  It's not just a job to them--they have real affection for their charges.  It's wonderful to know that if a trip or weekend away is in our plans, Bella and Moppet will have a home away from home til we return.
5	This is our first and definitely not the last time we will use Good Doggy. We usually recruit a family member to watch our dog and each time we have we have come home to a sad depressed doggy. This time was a whole other story. We had pictures of Layla from every visit that was done and she was HAPPY when we came home. She seemed to really enjoy her time with Josh and I am so thrilled to see it went so well. Thank you so much Good Doggy for the best care!
