5	This location recently opened within the last month or so and I stopped in with a gift card received from Christmas. My husband swore I would fall in love with this with store and he was spot on! This store was a total wonderland for me. Two floors filled to the brim with color-coded jewelry, tops/sweaters, scarves, shoes, fuzzy/furry slippers, purses, hats, wallets, items for kids, etc., etc. etc. Basically all of the stuff a girls needs to properly accessorize. I need this store like I need a hole in the head. My poor closet can't handle the kind of damage I want to inflict from a Charming Charlie shopping spree. The prices are extremely reasonable and throughout the store were sale and clearance items, as well. I left with a $30 black ruffle purse, two pairs of $5 clearance slippers, and a brown/cream/plum sequin beanie ($15). Do I dare wear the beanie which was a TOTAL impulse buy? My husband hopes not but I think it is damn cute...maybe I'll wear it on our next date night! There was a sale purse I decided not to buy but can't stop thinking about. That's okay, I need an excuse to go back...I just gotta clean out the closet first.
4	Ok, I work across the street from CityScape and the fact I had not stopped in to CC until now is almost embarrasing.  [I will blame my refocued approach to being a mindful consumer and limiting my clutter/stuff/collections.]ANYWAY!  On my way to the Suns game the other night with time to kill I stopped in.   This place is dangerous.  Two floors of color coordinated accessories.  Not too pricy and far from cheap. [Cheap as it related to quality.]  I lingered admiring several necklaces, a few purses and other clutches.  Unfortunately my time passed too quickly and I had to leave but I will surely stop in again soon.
5	This was my first visit to Charming Charlie and let me say I am totally charmed and this won't be my last visit.  I like the huge variety and thought they put into their visual merchandising. There is something for everyone here.
5	I couldn't help it.  I had to go back.  So many awesome things.  I can't quit you.
4	This place is a hidden gem, which is a bit odd to say since it's located right in Downtown Phoenix, but as we all know, CityScape is still not exactly over-run with crazed shoppers. Anyway, I'm hoping that downtown/CityScape do take off so that places like Charming Charlie can stick around. The merchandise is very accessories-focused with tons of jewelry, clutches, shoes, purses, scarves, hair items, etc. - clustered by color. The volume is like the accessories collections from Forever 21, H&M and Target combined. There are also some very cute tops and dresses throughout the store but clothing is definitely a secondary focus. Personally, I would go elsewhere for clothes but I love the idea of going to one store and being able to find a [insert item here] to match any outfit I'm putting together. Today, I went in to look for a clutch to match a specific pair of shoes I'll be wearing in Vegas next weekend and it only took 5 minutes. Love it. I'm sure I'll be back many times.
5	pleasantly surprised by the variety of costume jewelry here, right now they have a lot of interesting summer sun hats in the $20 range.  A fun browse with friends when you happen to be downtown or going by on the light rail.  The lady in line in front of me in line yesterday was agonizing over what to buy because there were so many things she knew she would never find back home...in Chicago!  Take that, Chicago.
4	Nice not-so-little boutique with lots of stuff. There is a broad range of pricing from low to high and everything seems to be at a valued price.I can see coming here, if in the area, for something unique and specialized as a gift.Nicely air conditioned, too, during the scorchin' hot summer! That's a bonus!
1	I had a terrible experience and I will not go back to this store location.  I have a gift card for Charming Charlie's and was looking forward to shopping there.  The downtown location is also closest to my house, however I was unable to shop there.  Being downtown I parked on the street but only had enough change for 20 minutes in the meter.  I thought it would be no big deal just to run in and ask for change for the 2 dollars cash I had. One employee and perhaps her supervisor both refused to give me change.  Now I wasn't asking for something for free, just for quarters for the meter so I could shop in their store.  I won't be going back for sure!
5	2 floors of accessories!  I'm not sure who Charlie is, but he/she has definitely charmed me with his/her store!  I wish they had a Charming Charlie in Tempe.  Then again, it's probably for the best because I would end up spending all my time (and a good chunk of money) in there.  Charming Charlie is kind of like the accessory-heavy version of a Forever 21.  The main focus of the store is accessories with a few pieces of clothing vs. Forever 21.  The jewelry is all very trendy, and inexpensive, and there are also cute shoes, scarves, and hats for purchase as well.  Everything is color-coded which makes browsing easier.EDIT: They do have a Charming Charlie in Tempe Marketplace!  How will my credit card ever survive? : )
5	This is "Accessories Heaven!" Shopping here with two floors of costume jewelry made me feel like a kid in a Candy Store! Color-coordinated earrings, necklaces, hats, purses, scarves in every color imaginable can be found at Charming Charlie. From formal bling to casual everyday wear.....All alternatives are here. I especially love the way they display everything according to color. There are separate tables for yellow, green, brown, purple, & white accessories. And prices are reasonable too. I'm from Hawaii. Whenever I visit Phoenix, I always make it a point to visit this awesome store. And I always leave with a bag filled with the most gorgeous, affordable accessories around. Open a store in Hawaii please, lol!P.S. Staff today were gracious and friendly!!! Good Job!
4	I finally figured out why I've never been here before. Mostly because it's a jewelry store, and lets face it, I just don't wear jewelry.My wife and I walked in trying to escape the Phoenix sun while burning some time. Sorry to disappoint, the actual sun, not Steve Nash, Grant Hill, or Shannon Brown. If that were the case, this would be a completely different review and likely not for Charming Charlie.During our quick escape from the scorching heat, I was surprised to find decent quality items at reasonable prices. Most bracelets, ear rings, and necklaces were somewhere between $10 and $15 per item. The other cool thing I noticed was the the entire place was color coordinated. Need something green, no problem - it's right over here. Something red, sure - right over there. Black, blue, purple, etc. Finding something to match that dress or pair of shoes seems to be a snap in here.They also had a small selection of shoes, dresses, bags, hats, and other accessories. It sort of reminds me of Claires; that pre through teen aged girl's accessory shop you usually find in just about every mall, just for more adult tastes and styles. I wouldn't exactly come here looking for diamonds or gold, but who knows, you might just find that golden colored bracelet to match those shoes you've got waiting to be worn.Happy shopping Yelpers, and keep your eyes peeled for those Phoenix Suns - they're dangerous!
5	I walked into this store and I was in accessory shopping heaven, and yes, I certainly was a charmed shopper :]I'm not even exaggerating, I spent an hour and a half perusing through every color coordinated table. No nook or cranny went untouched---clothes (tops, dresses, shorts, etc.), earrings, necklaces, bracelets, rings, hair accessories, purses, wallets, watches---Charming Charlie has it all.I like that all their items are affordable, AND they look like good quality stuff.The store is clean and well kept. The workers are informative, helpful, and attentive (but not excessively so). They do have a restroom available to the public on the first floor behind the register area, which I thought was really nice since I had a full bladder from hydrating myself in the Phoenix heat. Also, at check out I was informed that there was a Charming Charlie store located near my home in Temecula! I was pretty stoked about that. I will definitely be making (a million) future visits for my accessory shopping needs.-R
4	Love this place for accessories, its a mecca!! I'd go at the end of a season on to the next. I went summer to fall and everything red tagged was cheap and then it was also buy one get one free plus they validate parking for one hour yay!!
4	This place looks like a bag of skittles and smells like toasty pop tarts and is the best spot to pick up a gift for your girlfriend or a friend that so happens to be a girl. My gal pal and I recently took a detour into Charming Charlie on our way to Happy Hour and she went absolutely bonkers. I call it the pin ball effect.  She was able to methodically cover the entire store and make it to the cashier with two nifty bags, two pair of sandals, a dress and an extremely large hat in just under 20 minutes. I teased her about scoping out the joint on a previous visit but she insists she was born to shop. She was quite the pro and all smiles post check out. It's moments like this that remind me that happiness can be bought.  I prefer to get my happy at the bar across the way.
5	Do I really even need to review them. A dual level store with hundreds maybe even thousand of different types of accessories. Someone needs to keep me from fainting just talking about it. I love this store. It has good quality costume jewelry, reasonable price, organized, and a great place to come Deck out in those hard to find accessories  you have been lusting  for  from whatever current  fashion  magazine  you've  been  reading.
4	I took my kids downtown the day after Thanksgiving to go ice skating.  I just happened to walk passed this store filled with sparkly jewelry, belts, shoes and clothes.  I of course had to walk in.  Wow!  Two stories of beautiful accessories!  Then you take a look at the prices.  Holy Cow!  This place isn't very expensive at all.  I found myself a cute little ring, brown belt and a cute pair of earrings.  All for under $35.  I can't wait to go back!
5	i cant even explain this place. every time i tell a friend about it i always end up saying it is like the ULTIMATE mecca of jewelry and accessories!!! holy moly! i love it . they even color code the whole store. its perfect if you are going to look for a certain type or color of jewelry . its def worth seeing
5	CC where have you been all my life?? This is THE place to find that item you need to dress up your outfit. It is reasonable so you don't feel bad only using it once or only for one outfit. Whoever thought of this concept is a genius.
4	Love this location. It very large and has 2 floors. Plenty of space to pack in all the fun accessories that Charming Charlies is known for.Color coordinated just like every other one, but this one seems a bit more intimidating ( I think its the 2nd floor).I like that they have a new set up for all of their clearance items. Specific racks by the upstairs registers, very neat. Not the wall of hot mess and tangliness they had before.My only beef w/ this location (other than wanting to spend my whole paycheck there) is that its hard to find an associate when you need one.Other than that, its Charming Charlies. How can you go wrong?
5	I really loved this store. I had never heard of it before. I just wish there was one closer. What I liked about it was how the store was divided into sections by color. It made it really easy to pick out different jewelry and clothes. I found so many cute things here. I just wish there was one closer to Peoria. Or maybe I don't because then I would be there all the time.The prices were also were reasonable. Great store!
4	Chinese imports. Let's get that out of the way. Ok, aside from that, this place is really great! There is something for every possible taste here. Bohemians, yuppies, hipsters, tweens, divas, grandmas and all in-betweens. The price points are quite manageable and the sales are plentiful. Worth a look if you happen to be on foot downtown. The fact that this store is at the center of downtown Phoenix is vaguely troubling. For the time being, however, enjoy it and buy a goodie or two.
5	I just recently was introduced to Charming Charlie as of last year. In the female fashion world, accessories are extremely crucial and CC is a superb resource.This particular location is most intriguing as it's 2 levels (gasp!). My colleague and I had the habit of running down here during our lunch break and pawing through all of their treasures (especially the clearance section on Level 2 in the back corner). The entire store is also color organized. What is so special about that, you ask? Well, let's say you are needing to buy a turquoise blue, beaded necklace for a special event. Boom - just head towards the blue section - done!NOTE: Sign up for their e-newsletter for even MORE discounts!All of their associates are cheerful as well as offer assistance. CC is like a lusty temptress. I cld literally spend hundreds in this store.
1	Of course on the one day I really need a necklace for a wedding and in a time crunch- stopped by this location today (Saturday) and I'm giving up after 14 min- there's a crowd of customers waiting to shop and the store still hasn't opened (opens at 10) and they're 15 min late with still no sign that anyone's even workingHorrible experience!!
