5	Best HOT spicey cheesey bread ever!!! that's all I have to say about that.
5	I second the previous reviewer. Spicy cheese bread sent from heaven. One loaf will feed you exclusively for a day.
5	My favorite thing to do on a Saturday morning is to go to the farmer's market, get a loaf of spicy cheese bread from Stella's, and explore all the booths. It's true, generally when I get a loaf of cheese bread, I will eat it--and nothing else--all day long. However, be aware that one loaf of bread is $7!
5	The art of bread making is alive and well here! Excellence in everything they do! Can't say enough good things about their baked goods!
3	Jonesing for a really good pastry or some legendary spicy cheese bread? All the pastries are fresh daily and more than delicious; pumpkin scones, cherry turnovers, tons of muffins!! The lunch sandwiches are all served on spicy cheese bread, so delicious! I'd suggest the Gobbler sandwich for lunch!
5	Best danish in town.  We stop by when we are hankerin' for a treat.Recently ordered Stella's Veggie sandwich.   Quite good.We don't care for the cheese bread but other's love it.  All we got was one big hunk of cheese and some bread.  But that isn't enough to knock them down a star.Everyone has been nice to me their as compared to some bad experiences I have had at another bakery.  Thanks for being human.I recently purchased an apple turnover there and it was truly excellent.  The best one I have had in years.   Thanks again.
5	Off the beaten path but worth the trip.  A nice selection of baked good in a clean operation.  They have a small retail section in the front of the bakery with coffee and tables.  I often sing by to grab some scones & muffins on my way to work.  They know how to make a good scone. Don't waste your time getting overpriced fluff from Panera when you could get your moneys worth here.
5	The place is obviously well known for its spicy cheese bread at the Farmers Market (note: I actually prefer the spicy cheese empanada).  I more recently found out this place is located on the south side of Madison, just off a Fish Hatch.  I have stopped in more than once for deli sandwiches and they are truly amazing.  I enjoy their take on a Rueben (with bread that has a very slight sweetness to it).Also had a couple of pastries and I leave pleased every time.  On top of that, fantastic customer service, which is such an added bonus.
4	One thing to say about this place: spicy cheese bread. It's delicious, and I could probably eat half a loaf by myself. The lunch sandwiches and soups are hearty and well-made. A great lunch spot for the area.
4	Breakfast sandwich on spicy cheese bread.  You just can't beat it.
2	This place is a great bakery and has very good sandwiches, both for breakfast and lunch.However, it pales in comparison to what it used to be. Their standard of quality has fallen over the last couple years. Now I have to wonder if my sandwich will be burnt or the bread falling apart.Last week I got a breakfast sandwich that the bread was in many pieces when I unwrapped it. The burnt bacon only making the situation worse.Over the last 2 years, the prices have risen about 50%. That alone wouldn't dissuade me, but the lower quality is very disappointing.I used to go weekly, then tapered to monthly, the quarterly. Now I'm not sure if I really want to take the chance on it.I'm saddened to see such a great place slowly pull itself apart.
4	CHEEEEEEEEESSSSSEEEEEYYYYYYYY Bread!YUM!  Don't mess around.  If you can't smell this a block away there most be something wrong.  Anybody who buys a hot bag of this bread will have a hard time sharing it and in most circumstances, making it home without half of it gone.The stall at farmer's market has other delicious items from their bakery over on the south side, but Hot Cheesy Bread is their number one item.
4	Yum, yum, yum, yum.  Oh Stella.  I just tried their excellent cheesy, jalapeno bread.  It was absolutely amazing.  Throw a cheeseburger on it with fresh lettuce and tomato and you have a burger.  The bread is spicy but not so much that you can not enjoy your meal.  The pockets of cheese make for a nice surprise when you bite into it.  Just delicious.  The bread is not very heavy and makes for a great addition to your meal.Why 4 starts?  I mean my mouth is in love with it, but my wallet is not.  I know all about supply and demand, but wow!  You sure are demanding money for your rolls.  Instead of a slightly high price which is worth paying for such a great product, you charge astronomical prices for your creation.  So for now, Stella will be a once in awhile treat.  Otherwise, I will be living on the street next to the Farmer's Market.
2	This is only a review for their place on the square.I don't get it. Really, I don't.I've had the spicy cheese bread multiple times. Friends swear by it. My brother seemed to enjoy it.But seriously, I don't get it. It's not very good--it's a bunch of mild, flavorless, overly-greasy "cheese" (well, not that much these days) baked into a loaf of bread that I can only compare to a super crappy version of potato bread. The "spicy" they claim exists is more like a handful of red pepper flakes baked into and on top of the loaf. It's not spicy. It's kind of cheesy. The redeeming feature is the burnt stuff on the bottom--the only part of the bread, imo, that's great.Everything else? No thanks. Are people's palates so bland that they think anything with a tiny hint of seasoning is "great"? Ugh. Oh, and the price--$8? Are you fucking kidding me? I can go two stalls down and get a 4lb loaf of absolutely incredible rye bread for $7. Why would I spend an extra dollar on an inferior product?Just...so much no.
5	I still fantasize about the spicy cheese bread.  Getting a loaf of that freshly baked is like a piece of heaven.  My father had it a few times one summer and still talks about it 14 years later.  It is that good.
5	You'll be craving their hot & spicy cheese bread after your first taste... Sooo good!
3	I went to their farmers market stand on saturday and got a pecan roll, bear claw and a chocolate filled pastry. The pecan roll and bear claw were good (not great) but the pastry was over baked almost to the point of being burnt. I also think there a tad bit expensive, I spent $10 for those three things
1	Overpriced rip off. $10 for 6 bun-sized, spicy diarrhea bread. Cold. I say spicy diarrhea, since that's what happens after eating the overpriced obesity & diarrhea inducing bakery item.
2	I bought the famous Spicy Cheese Bread at the farmer's market. I thought it was going to be something you wrap up and take home b/c there was going to be so much left over.  Check out the size of the bread; it's huge.  You would think if it's stuffed with bread, you be sick from eating it all.  However, after paying $9 for the bread, we threw away about 60% of the bread b/c it was just that; bread.  No cheese.  The famous cheese that it's 'stuffed' with is not really so much at all. If you are buying this for the cheese that they put in their title, understand that about 15% of the bread has cheese. The rest is a huge loaf of bread.  Granted, the bread tastes good enough, but I would not have paid $9 for bread.  Frankly, I think this was completely overpriced.  I am not looking for a 'value' in my purchase; I am looking for something that qualifies the price you pay.  For $9, it's totally overpriced.  Yeah, it tastes good, but if you are buying it b/c it has cheese in it, understand that about 85% of this has no cheese.  I won't be buying this again; it's completely overrated.
3	The good:It's hard to go wrong with steaming fresh bread and gooey cheese.The bad: Our's wasn't piping hot like some of the others and was a bit light on the cheese.The verdict: Pick some up on your way around the market, but be prepared to carb-load and ask for a fresh one!
5	Three words: Spicy                         Cheese                          BreadI am sorry if I have pushed your child out of the way during the Farmer's Market in order get to this hot and cheesy masterpiece, but if you tried it you'd understand.  For $8 (worth every penny), you get a warm, twisted loaf of bread with melted cheese inside, and red pepper flakes on top.  You'll wonder what happened to the bread by the time you circle around the square because it's one of those foods that you say "I am really full, but... just one more bite."I bet you're thinking to yourself, "Hey crazy chick who is obsessed with melted cheese, the Farmer's Market is over and you've left me craving some spicy cheese bread.  Now what?"You're in luck! Go to the bakery in Fitchburg, or if you can't make it out there, go to the Co-op!  They have it in their bread aisle.  Metcalfe's Market also has it stocked.  So no excuses!Long story short: this bread made me believe in miracles.
