5	Wow, first to review.  This electronics recycler was a pleasure to deal with.  I spoke with Tom Holland who was very professional.  The pick up went smooth and they took everything from CRT's, old computers, old batteries, and circuit boards.  Another bonus is if you mention the school that referred you (Hancock Elementry), part of the money goes to the school.Just trying to do my part for the environment.
5	One excellent way of following the Reduce and Reuse parts of the 3 Rs especially when you are on a budget is by getting replacement parts for your computer system for real cheap here.  For example, you can get optical drives or PC power supplies for 5 to 20 bucks. Want an extra PC system or laptop, or need but don't have one because of the cost? Browse the inventory here and you'll likely find what you need and not put a strain on your budget. It's obvious that Westech makes electronics easily available to those who normally can't afford it and those who just don't want to spend much; but also, their resales and donation to local charities and schools keep the electronic equipment out of landfills, thus helping tackle the problem of e-waste (electronic waste), one of the biggest categories of solid waste. Getting great bargains for electronics while helping the environment - who wouldn't feel good about that?
5	Well let me start by saying that I am pretty impressed with this place. They are a great place to take your recycling. Of all things they will take computers and other electronic divices!If you knew how to fix computers(I do not) they have all the parts here, and the price is great.A really good thing that they do is hold events where you can bring all the items to a location for drop off and you do not even have to go to the Madison location.They do events for Schools , and the Boy Scouts, as well as other charites.I was glad to get rid of my things and not throw them in a land fill.Also batteries off all types.Easy to get to as well if you just want to drive over there.
5	I have gone in many times for computer parts, monitors, whole computers and will be back again soon cause I refuse to pay crazy prices at the "big box" stores for a new computer when I am just going to put Linux on it. Plan on building a LVM cluster soon too.Great service, clean place and straight forward with what they have and what it costs. Love perusing the aisles for what has come in recently.Love love love this place!
