4	Only been here once and I tried the #9 (their italian hero) and I was pleasantly surprised.  Very good balance of bread consistency, cheese and dressing creating a delicious compliment to the meats.  The prices are very reasonable here and I look forward to trying out their other items.  They have delivery too.*serves coke products
3	Old favorite in Michigan was so happy to find one near my work!  I'd give it a 4 but was stood off by service.  It wasn't bad but it was rushed!  My questions were looked at oddly and they weren't, I just asked about a different meat combo.  Now they did do it and it was good.  Love the bread, very fresh.  Its a brand new location i think so the service may improve.
4	Great bread, quality meats, fresh toppings, and all at a reasonable price what more do you want.
3	Well, after giving in to the hype, I finally got my butt into a JJ's.  Um, I have to say, I'm not quite sure what the magnetic draw is.  Yes, they have friendly staff, and I'd say their bread is better than similar competing chains, but all in all I'd put it in the same category as Silver Mine subs, which is basically a tasty sandwich, but nothing to write home about.  Check them out for a solid sub sandwich if that's what you're craving...but don't expect anything too different.
4	it's all about the bread. the bread i say. and this is what makes Jimmy John's so FREAKING addicting. Their subs are nothing special, they don't really put organic meats and fillings, no, it's the bread. It's like crack in that bread, i could just eat it and feel content. I always get the vito or a plain jim. all their subs are yum and you oughta try. yay that they've expanded but i want a jimmy john's closer to me coz i need to feed my addiction.
1	I was extremely disappointed. When you call yourself a gourmet sandwich shop, it must be better than subway.  When I first walked in, there was no customers in the store at all. I was not greeted at all by the 4 workers that were working there. What was even worse was when I got up to the counter, I was met with the "stupid" stare like I should have just automatically started ordering and that I was a bother to her.  When you have a new business, a worker like that can have such a negative impact on your future.  Then there was the food. You get less meat than subway, less vegetables, in fact you don't get a choice I guess, and the bread tasted like it was a couple of days old and not fresh. I will not be returning.
4	Great bread and super fast.Sometimes I like mustard on my sandies, they only have dijon.  But I obviously deal.Italian Night Club is my favorite.  Its what keeps me coming back and back and back.  Did I mention the bread?
3	I had a great relaxing time here, food was good, not great. Music live band was enjoying to listen to. Very clean table, seats, floor and dinning wares. Only thing is way to dark, drinks weak.
2	This has been my only experience with this chain, and it wasn't promising. I went in on my way to run an errand at lunch. I was headed to Chipotle that I knew was a solid bet, because it is an unfamiliar part of town for me, but I saw Jimmy John's and decided to give it a go. I walked in and was greeted by blaring music. Obnoxious blaring music. I got into line behind a weary mom with a young kid. The staff was rude and a little condescending to her when she was asking to split a sandwich between her and her son. Honestly I felt really bad for the lady who had to put up with the f bomb coming over the speakers and the d-bag college staff who didn't have much respect.  Sorry, that is a huge turn off for me.I ordered my sandwich and was underwhelmed. It just wasn't anything to rave about. It was OK, but there are much brighter stars in the valley sandwich game.I know I won't ever go into this particular location again, I may try another Jimmy John's again, but honestly, I probably will go to a Cheba Hut, or a Dilly's a half a dozen times before I do this one again. Fail.
4	This franchise has the best customer service of any Jimmy John's I've been to. The employees always greet me when I come in and thank me when I leave, they're fast, and they always get my orders right. The only complaint I have is that they're a little bit stingy on the meat. My fiance got a #5 and there was literally only 1 piece of meat folded in half on the sandwich. He's since started ordering the #3 or #15 instead and hasn't had any problems.
5	If you asked me to name all of the things I missed about Illinois, I might need two hands, but I'd have a few fingers left over.  Jimmy John's, however, would be one of those things I missed.The employees are great- They're fast, they've got personality, and always have a smile on their face.They make the bread fresh in the store; sometimes when they hand you your sandwich, and the bread is still warm from the oven?  That's the greatest.Just hold the mayo (not a mayo fan)!
5	All of the employees at my work depend on JJ's for a quick and tasty meal....and when I say quick, I mean that they literally deliver about 10 minutes after ordering! The staff are always friendly & they have yet to make a mistake with the food. NO MUSS, NO FUSS!
3	Like the food but what is it about this location and the music. Always way too loud. The staff is friendly but don't go here expecting to be able to chat with the people you are having lunch with. Some days it's like being at a Nine Inch Nails concert.
5	Love their sandwiches! Service is great, and they are FAST.  If you ask me, sandwiches come down to the bread..and their bread is AWESOME.  We've ordered multiple times here for work as well (20+ sandwiches) and they get the order right every time.
4	Excellent!  The food was wonderful and the workers even asked if there was anything they could do for us (i.e. is the music too loud, can I get you anything else, etc).
3	Being Vegan, Jimmy's isn't high on my list of places to eat but once in awhile I order delivery when I'm at work.I get the Vegetarian Sub with no cheese and no mayo, add a Jumbo Pickle, quartered, and a bag of plain potato chips. The sandwich could be better if they used real sliced Avocado instead of the slimy spread but nonetheless its an OK sandwich. Now, the highlight of the meal is definitely the Pickle, it is by far the Best Pickle I've ever eaten! Just get one you'll see.The chips are your standard bagged crispy kettle chips, I just get the plain since unfortunately their salt and vinegar flavor has milk/whey in its ingredients. Maybe they could reformulate them and remove the unnecessary dairy ingredient.Hey, a Girl can dream can't she?
4	Good sandwich.Bread was far better, albeit less selection, than Subway.Pickle w was huge.  If I would have eaten the whole thing I wouldn't have been able to eat anything else.Ordered their large sandwich (Gargantuan or some such name).  Basically had more meat than vegetables.  I'd probably order a regular size sandwich next time just so I'd have a better bread to meat ratio.Quality wise a far better sandwich over all for basically the same price as Subway.
5	Great food and service every time!
4	In honor of how fast they make their sandwiches, I will be brief.If we are to be honest it's a regular college/senior place to work (socialize), no one looks lik they are allowed to set foot in a bar. Yet, do not forsake our new and young minds, they may not know how to comb their hair but their metabolic rate is at peak form and they are using it. My expectations for this place  are: Fast, tasty and cheap food. They do it, and they repeat it when asked. Thank you!RL
4	Good food #5 was delicious.
5	Best subs imo
5	My work place and I order from this Jimmy Johns location more then we like to admit but at least every Monday and Friday and they are awesome to us. I was happy when chips some how didn't make it to my order (and wasn't charged for them) they still had a driver come back and deliver them to us.We love JJ's!
3	To me, this is just another sandwich joint. They just make them pretty fast. There's nothing that really wows me here. I had a coupon for a free sub which is why I stopped in. This is a great place if you're on your lunch and need a fast, decent  cheap meal. I got their number 1 and it was pretty good. Can't go wrong with ham and cheese!
4	3.5 starsThe ingredients are all fresh and the multi grain bread is good. I thought it was a little on the pricey side considering the multi grain bread makes it more like a sandwich than a sub.
4	Normally, I wouldn't give a chain eatery four stars. Call me a snob if you will. Don't get me wrong, Jimmy John's makes some delicious subs. And yes, they're freaky fast, whether you eat in or have it delivered. Went there a lot in college; still come in from time to time now as I work nearby. The #12 Beach Club and #13 Gourmet Veggie Sub are my standbys. I also love that they'll lettuce wrap your sandwich for you, which saves a boatload of calories!While I've been to this location several times, it's the customer service I received today that stands out.Gabby helped me place a catering order for a Women's Leadership Council I'm a part of. We have a lot of members that have dietary restrictions or food allergies, and Gabby was extremely patient with me as I read off all our custom boxed lunch orders. Good on her, I probably would have lost my cool. I will often help with catering orders for trainings, meetings, etc. the company I work for hosts, so it's good to know I can rely on Jimmy Johns to feed our hungry guys that work out in the field for trainings, sales meetings, or anything else we may have here. Ray and 54th Street Jimmy Johns: Y'all kick ass!
4	Great bread - Fresh toppings. I'm a fan
2	I am extremely frustrated with Jimmy Johns' policies in regards to modifications to sandwiches. I have NEVER eaten somewhere where I am told NO for simple requests. A couple of weeks ago I wanted to order an Italian sub. I cannot stomach capicola so I asked if I could leave it off and substitute it for salami. I figured it wouldn't be that big of deal since every sub place I have ever gone to and every restaurant I have gone to has substituted with no issues. I was told I would have to pay extra to have the same amount of meat if I would just leave the capicola on. Not only was I told this, the girl at the register stated while laughing, "It's the real world. You can't get anything for free anymore." I smiled and walked out vowing to never eat at a Jimmy John's again. Well this evening my fellow nursing school classmates and I have a night shift rotation and Jimmy John's was on the way. We asked for a side of the Italian dressing since we would not be eating our sandwiches immediately and didn't want the bread to get soggy but I was told that they do not give out any sides of anything. So again I decided to go elsewhere. I know this seems like minor issues, however, I know how restaurants/food places usually work and I am at a loss for words that I cannot even get a side of the Italian Vinaigrette and could not believe the lady at the register thought it was appropriate to say that to me. These are also just TWO of the incidences that have occurred at this location. Needless to say we will not be returning. Good thing is there is a which-which, chompies and subway very close by who all let me get at least sides of items and changes without issues!
2	Checked on the website to see if Jimmy John's could break a $100 bill on a delivery, couldn't find anything posted. But since I get delivery from this particular store all the time, I went ahead and proceeded to order and was sure to leave a clear note, informing them that I needed to break a large bill and apologizing for being such a pain in the neck. About 20 minutes later, a very nice delivery driver showed up with my food, and explained that he wasn't allowed to break anything over $50. He tried calling his manager to see if we could work something out, but unfortunately the manager said it was against policy, and they could not accept my payment. He apologized and I had to watch in agony as he left with my unopened bag of deliciousness, my stomach roaring in his wake.Now, I understand the safety concerns, I do. And, as a fellow service industry worker, I respect companies who look out for their employees.The thing that I don't get is that the store email confirmed my order, had it made and delivered despite knowingly not being able to accept my payment??? Waste of time, waste of resources, waste of food. Now I'm sitting here writing this review, hungry AND grumpy. Worst combo. What a bummer, Jimmy Johns.
4	Good sandwich and friendly staff. The day I was in the music was too loud to have a conversation though. It was hard to order too. I love my music loud but this was too loud for a lunch place where you want to have a convo.
5	I've always loved JImmy Johns, but this is the best one ever. I ordered my food and had it in my hands 9 minutes later. That is freaky fast. Plus they're always super nice. Awesome.
