5	Rebe Homes team was a godsend when I needed to short sell my house during my divorce. They linked me with both legal and tax experts and educated me throughout the entire process. During the 13-month process Beth Rebenstorf kept me informed regularly as the team jumped through endless hoops and navigated the bureaucratic red tape. It was an arduous process but the Rebe Home team made it as painless as possible for me during this major life change. I've bought and sold at last six homes over the years and this was by far the most comfortable transaction, despite it occurring during a major upheaval in my life. Beth and Rebe Homes are professional, experienced and dedicated to their clients. They always put my needs first regardless of the bottom line. Beth and Rebe Homes went above and beyond traditional real estate consultants to successfully close the short sale of my home in Laveen. I'm eternally grateful to Beth and Rebe Homes for achieving success in a situation I thought was impossible. The next time I plan to buy or sell a home, Rebe Homes will be the first call I make!
5	Kortne has been our family agent for many years.  She has guided us through several life events from the difficulty of selling our parent's home to purchasing our first new home.  Kortne's experience and knowledge has made these journeys much smoother.  Kortne is no longer just our real estate agent, she has become a trusted friend.
5	We worked with Kortne Bongiorno through our home purchase and sale process.  I was a first timer with many questions and Kortne answered them all with patience and an abundance of knowledge.  She walked us through not only the technical aspects of buying and selling a home, but the emotional ones as well.  When we found our perfect home, she helped to ensure we were the ones the seller picked.  We couldn't be happier with our new home!  Thank you Kortne and Rebe Homes!
5	Cindy was exceptional in marketing which helped sell my house in a stagnant market. She was alway readily available and very responsive. Thank you Cindy and Rebe Homes for a great selling experience!
5	Great to work with
