5	Christy was great! She made us the most beautiful cake and was wonderful about getting us samples. She doesn't hold your hand every step of the way but she always delivers beautiful and tasty cakes. She did my wedding and two of my sister's wedding cakes. We were all very pleased. And I must say, though I don't really even like cake, she somehow makes them super tasty. We already ate the top, even though the wedding was a month ago :)
5	Can't believe I'm the first one to write a review!!  Christy and her team designed our wedding cake back in March, and also made my birthday cake in December.  My birthday cake and the extra sheet cake for the wedding were both Carrot Cake.  It was the perfect mix of cinnamon/nutmeg flavors with the heartiness of carrot.  By far my favorite carrot cake ever!  Our wedding cake was Canoli Cake - white cake filled with canoli cream and chocolate chips.  SERIOUSLY?  In what world could that ever be bad?!  It was fantastic, so fantastic that I went to a separate area to eat my slice so I wouldn't be bothered by wedding guests trying to talk to me.  No lie.  As for service - we literally called Christy and the shop weekly to make sure they had our order.  We were so paranoid that it just wouldn't show up on our wedding day.  They were always so sweet and totally understanding of us being a little overbearing.  Each time we talked she confirmed our order, and was never rude or seemed irritated we were calling AGAIN.  I can't wait to order from them again!
5	What can I say about this place other than amazing! A friend's birthday was coming up and wanted to get something unique in the way of a cake. We ended up getting a cake shaped like 3 balls of yarn with edible knitting needles sticking out of it. How cool is that! I posted a photo, it was impressive looking and tasted as good as it looked. Their customer service was good, they took payment over the phone and they were also able to make it within a week despite being busy. I would highly recommend these folks for any of you cake needs, you know you have needs... lol
5	We had The Phoenix Cake Company create a cake for our two year old with Pingu as an adornment on top.Not only did Pingu look realistic, he was 3d. And we were only charged for the 2d price.I'd highly recommend this company for any event requiring any type of cake.
5	Best kept secret-ever. I mean it is awesome in terms of cakes but what many people miss is the fact that they have world class cupcakes in this joint.  Easy to miss from the street but well worth the journey.  A major league baseball player even bought his girlfriend (Rhianna) a birthday cake from here. That's how they roll. They even have a great story of having met as coworkers at Costco and then besides signing on for a marriage of bliss jumped right into small business enterprise.  Great food! Wish they had better Twitter and Facebook communications because then more people would get the good news about their superior baking.
5	I recently ordered a very simple cake for mom 90th bday. It was wonderful, taste was great and deco was very beautiful. I was not familiar with this bakery not being from the area, but took a chance based or reviews. We couldn't have asked for better. Eric was very helpful and patient. Worth every penny.
5	3 years ago Phoenix Cake Company made our wedding cake.  It was beautiful and delish!  They were able to do a smooth buttercream cake without fondant, which a few years back seemed to be a lost art.   The cake was so good, we didn't have hardly any left over - and my hubby often laments that he doesn't even remember what our cake tasted like!  Since then they have opened up a retail shop, with cakes, cupcakes and chocolates ready made.   We happened to drive by the other day and stopped in for a cupcake or 2 :)   They were all delish!  We ended up trying 6 flavors...   The cake was moist and flavorful, the frosting just right sweetness and not greasy.  Yum Yum Yum.   So stop by and treat yourself to a cupcake or get one of their specialty cakes for your next event!  You won't regret it!
5	the young lady and her husband do a incredible job,sprinkles no one beats them,ashamed the cupcakes are gone,but sucess in the cake buisness will see them reep many benefits
5	Christy and her staff at Phoenix Cake Company made our Cake for our Wedding. My husband and I interview several other companies which either couldn't do exactly what we envision or were way too expensive. The venue we were using suggested we try their preferred vendor which is Phoenix Cake Company. We should have done this first. The cake turned out amazingly gorgeous and exactly what we envision and absolutely delicious. They have several different flavors and combinations to choose from. Our guests were amazed at how beautiful this cake was and it's flavors.  There was even a last minute issue with our cake topper which Christy quickly resolved and notified us with a solution. We will continue to use them for our upcoming events and highly recommend this company for any event requiring any type of cake
