5	I stopped in here for dinner and wasn't disappointed. Johnny Rocket's was here before however The Wiener's Circle is here now. I asked for a char dog with light char and a vienna red hot dog. The vienna red isn't cooked to a char like the burgers and other hot dogs and I like they have options for both types of dogs. The hot dogs all come dressed with everything unless you specify different. I liked everything on the dog but for the celery salt. The hot dogs tasted really good. I had a half pound order of fries with cheddar cheese sauce on them and they were just so good. The prices are surprisingly cheap too if you get one of the combo meals. Great addition to Santa Fe.
5	I lived in Chicago for 5 years before I moved to Vegas. While in Chicago, I was Educated on A Few Things, including what a hot dog can really be. A good dog is not about being perfect, or about being fancy; it's about the balance. The crunch, the sweet, the salt, the tang, that moment when the casing snaps between your teeth and the dog juices mingle with the neon relish and the tomatoes and the celery salt....It's a bite that takes you back to being nine. It's ballparks and summer break and the first time you rode your bike to seven eleven with five whole dollars of your own to spend on early onset diabetes. So here's what you want to order; Chicago Style. Vienna Red dog, on a poppyseed bun, Tomatoes, mustard, neon green relish, sport peppers, mustard. Just order it, and eat it, and if you don't like it, you probably need to learn to relax. I suggest riding bike. Possibly with a card in the spokes. 5 Stars because these taste just like the Wiener's Circle in Chicago. Ballparks. Bikes. Summer. The only difference between this place and it's Chicago contemporary is the lack of insults. If you are familiar with Wiener's Circle Chicago, and do not love being called a variety of horrible fucking names while you order your pussy ass fucking dog, you don't have to deal with that here! I sort of miss it, but you can't fake the kind of attitude the wonderful, spirited women of the south side put on, and I'm pretty sure I'd be furious if they tried to fake it. In conclusion; Celery Salt and Vienna Beef Dogs. There's a psuedo urban legend of Irving. Google it. I think This American Life or Radiolab did a bit on Irving. Supposedly Irving was an older gentleman that guided the Vienna Beef Sausages through the old factory, and when Vienna Beef opened a new factory, he retired...and the sausages tasted /wrong/. So Vienna Beef had to recreate the old process, and realized that Irving's Path through the factory infused the sausages with a rich and delightful flavor that makes them special, and then was forced to re-design their entire new factory to allow for the Irving Factor. THAT is the kind of history and flavor you are a part of with a chicago dog from Wiener's Circle. Go eat one. For Irving.
5	I never have been a huge fan of Johnny Rocket's, so when I found out The Wiener's Circle would be taking the spot JR was in, I was happy. A lot of the signs say it's near the bowling alley when it's actually closer to the doors near the buffet. I have enjoyed my experience at The Wiener's Circle inside Red Rock, but there is something about this location inside Santa Fe that was just better to me. If you are familiar with the original The Wiener's Circle in Chicago, then you know they have a different attitude when it gets dark. Here at this location they don't sling any insults (they play games with customers and sling expected insults at the original location after a certain hour even handing out free food and shirts sometimes) or play any games, but what I have experienced is great customer service. The guy who took my order was very nice and patient while I went over the menu. He also told me about different combo deals that include fried and a drink. I have to give them props as far as the menu prices go. Being in a casino usually means marked up prices and sometimes not the same product you'd expect, but I found the prices to be fair and the food tasted great. I've been back a few times now and will be back plenty more! Char Dog - I got the combo priced at $6.99 that came with fries and a drink. The dog had onions, relish, mustard, pickles, tomatoes, peppers and celery salt. I asked that the dog be lightly charred and that's exactly what I got. The cook even came over to our table to make sure I liked it. I had them add cheese to my fries and the cheese sauce is thick and delicious! I could eat a huge pile (they already give you 1/2 pound with your order) of just those fries covered in cheese and my taste buds would be happy. Chicken Fingers - As a combo it was $7.99 with fries and a drink. They also give you a choice of mustard, ranch and honey mustard to dip your fingers. I really like the honey mustard here it goes well with the fingers. The fingers didn't look to plump or appetizing when I first saw them, but they really had good flavor and the chicken tasted good enough with out any sauce to dip, but trust me and pair it with the honey mustard. Wieners in a Blanket  - These were $4.99 and tasty little bites! They come 6 to an order, but when I got my order I noticed I had 8 of them. Score! You can choose a dipping sauce for these so I obviously chose honey mustard. I don't think these would fill someone alone, but they make a great snack to share along with your meal or nice portion for a kids meal. They have booths and tables or you can get your food to-go.
3	Came in on a Friday night with no customers in the restaurant except the workers mother and daughter. Two people working here and both on their cell phones and yes he was cooking our food while on it. Not once did we get a smile from either worker. The 3 stars is for the food it was good but with that kind of customer service they have they will be closing faster than Johnny Rockets did the second time.
3	After losing a bet at the sports book, I headed over here to drown my sorrows in cheese fries. Unfortunately, I noticed several uncleared tables who didn't finish their fries at all and took that as a bad omen.Strawberry milkshake was average- several strawberries, which made for irritating sipping through a straw. Flavor was okay, seemed on the bland side unless you had a bit of strawberry in your mouth but didn't have that artificial taste I dislike.
