5	On time came out for me in August 2008 after Sonora Air ("Premier Dealer for Lennox")said it would take 3 days to fix my air handler that was under warranty.On time HVAC came out, fixed the problem right away (the same day)and charged what my service call would have been for Sonoran.Everyone there is friendly, polite and  HONEST. Totally comfortable calling them again this morning-AC is out. Called at 8:30 and tech to be here between 11am-1pm. I am scared to tell too many people or the service times might drop ;)TOTALLY 100% satisfied.UPDATE:the Tech Jeremy just left, he was the same Tech last time too. Fan motor was bad and because I have a Lennox, not a convenient fix in Surprise as the parts dealer is in S.Phoenix. Jeremy assessed it very quickly, left to go to part warehouse and upon return had it in and running in about 15 minutes. I could have waited and got the part shipped to me for around  $275, waited for my brother to get around to it and baked my ass off, but Jeremy told me it was under warranty, so for $65 more that just the parts cost , he changed it out. Not too bad considering I am in a time crunch. Thank you On Time, maybe change your name to On time -Save Time? lol
5	I came home today ( mid July) and I noticed that the AC was on but the house wasnt cooling down. I called on time AC and heating and they came immediately. I was so pleased at how responsive they were. When the tech came out he was professional and very courteous . I would recommend them highly to anyone who need excellent service fast. You can't go wrong with these guys!
5	I was closing in a few days on a house and I was in California and needed a repair on the a/c asap so I contacted On Time. They were fantastic, the customer service was wonderful. From the appointment to the technician constantly keeping me informed to the follow up call to let me know the a/c was working and even the final cost was lower than I thought. I would easily recommend them!
5	Jeremy is back to do a service call but on the new house I live in. The Tune-up appointment was scheduled between Noon and 2pm and they called just before 11am to let me know they were on there way.
5	I have used On-Time to replace A/C units on rental properties and repairs to my own home system.  The guys come out on time, of course, evaluate honestly, give an estimate, give you CHOICES and recommendations, don't try to "hard sell", work professionally and efficiently, leave a system operating properly, and have never had to come back to fix their work.  And the follow-up and customer service from the staff at On Time has made us very happy.  When we have a question, they care!  They make sure you get what you paid for.  I'm a Realtor and offer On Time as my top choice for A/C service companies to my clients with confidence.
5	I am so happy with this service. No major repair thank goodness, but Patrick is really cool and personable, got here early and talked me through everything he did so I understood. Didn't try to sell me anything useless either! Honest & Dependable!!
5	We have a rental property in Litchfield Park and the tenants reported that the A/C system was making a really loud metal-clinking noise though the air was still working.  Our property manager selected On Time Air based on Yelp and that they seemed to service the west side.  They were quick to respond and got out to the property right away.  Our tenants said that the technician was very nice and professional and took care of the repair in a very timely manner.  (They contacted me to get the okay on the quote before proceeding but then took care of everything so quickly, which is important in the summer in Arizona!  My husband, who used to work in the HVAC industry, knew what the approximate cost should be and the quote was right in line.)  We were in the process of getting the property ready for sale, and upon the inspection process, it was reported that the heater didn't seem to work.  It was so easy to call and coordinate with On Time Air to check out the system for us - this despite us being out-of-state and having the home 'on the market' - it was a simple fix and they took care of it at no charge to us!  I now have On Time Air bookmarked in case anything comes up in the future and have also referred them to more family members who live on the west side.
5	I lead a ministry in north central Phoenix.  We recently purchased a quadplex in which two of the units will be immediately occupied by a staff members serving in the area of Sunnyslope.The units were rentals since they were built in 2005.  Our staffers have some sensitivities to smoke odor and it was fair in one and very, very bad in another.  We initially called to have the ducts cleaned in the bottom two units.After I told Kristi the units were operated without air filters for years she also recommended we have the A/C coils inspected with the possibility of chemical cleaning.Kristi scheduled them for the next day at 8am.  The next day they were there.... at 8am.  Not 30 minutes early or an hour late.  They were there when they said they were going to be!  ( I also understand a window of time is often needed).We looked at the coils first.  To say they were NASTY is an understatement.  The smoke was literally CAKED on.  These units were likely not running with any kind of efficiency.  I agreed to have these cleaned.  It was going to be scheduled for later that day.The air-duct cleaning / sanitizing went well and cleaned dirt and smoke.We were in the processing of cleaning and painting the units and both technicians worked with us very well.Start to finish this was an excellent experience.The best proof is would we use them again.   In July (or so) the two top units will vacate with current tenants and our ministry interns will be moving in... we will be calling On-Time A/C to do the work in those units as well.Thanks for your professionalism and great work!Mike Ricker
5	I called in for emergency service after trying about 20 other companies. On Time was the only one to actually offer after hours service.  They were able to schedule me for the same day and actually called/showed up about a half hour early.  Honest gents knew their stuff and my AC was up and running in no time.  Thanks so much!
5	We had an AC that had been leaking refrigerant for an unknown amount of time.  What triggered our finding out about it was that it would no longer cool the house.  Instead of repairing the unit that had leaked, we had already made up our mind to replace it completely.  It was a Goodman - very cheap and very inefficient.  So, we called One Time AC and Heating (as well as several other AC companies around the valley).  Of all of the companies we called, One Time AC had the lowest price for the unit we wanted.  The staff that came to install it were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  We have another Goodman, and when we are ready to replace it, we'll be calling on them again.
5	When the technician came to our home for the semi annual service call he was polite, and very personable. After the inspection he gave us a complete summary on the condition of our two systems, what needed to be serviced soon and what to look forward to in the next year. I highly recommend On Time Air, Kristi and her team are a first class operation!
