5	I have tried a lot of dry cleaners- good ones are hard to find, and this is a good one. They have $1.35 men's shirts, they do everything on premise and the staff are friendly. I moved about 10 miles from here, and still find myself driving all that way as I havent found anything near my new place that's as good for the money...BOTTOM LINE: Drop 'em off dirty. Pick 'em up clean.
5	Rainbow Cleaners has become my new dry cleaner.  I tried them out because they are close to work, and decently priced.I quickly found out that they do a great job and the service is friendly.This business is also family owned, which is a plus in my book.Rainbow also has a taylor on site to help with buttons, hems and such.  They can tackle items that require special care too.  I have a few shirts with suede designs on them and the team is always able to follow the instructions on the garment so that it comes out looking great.If you're needing a new cleaner, check out Rianbow Cleaners.  Rainbow Cleaners accepts Visa and Mastercard too, which is nice.  My old dry cleaners wanted cash, which was sometimes a pain.
4	Based on recent Yelp reviews, I gave this place a shot and I'm glad I did.  They have great prices, friendly services and get your stuff done on time.
1	We have been using Rainbow for about 3 years and we have given them a "three strikes, you are out" view. First, they ruined two shirts - one actually had a tear and then another was missing buttons. But, they did fix it and we gave it another shot. Then, they lost half of our dry cleaning and insisted they never had it in the first place. However, they did find it about a week later. Just last week, they lost another treasured item and never returned my calls and still haven't found it. We kept going back because it was close and the prices were good, but I can't keep worrying that I might never see the clothes I've dropped off.
5	Ok.  I've been going to this cleaners for month's now and I'm impressed, at least as you can be with dry cleaning.  Prices are fair, service is friendly, and they will even do your stuff the same day if you prefer.  They even notate your preferences in their computer so they know how you like your clothes prepared, i.e. starch or no on your shirts, etc.  For people who care, they use environmentally friendly cleaning solution and such.By the way, if you need an alterations person, Monika works on site and is there most days until late afternoon.  She is friendly and very proficient.  Does an excellent job whether it's a pair of jeans or a suit.  Again, reasonable prices and turnaround time.
1	Terrible.  Lost my sweater.  Couldn't call me back in three months time to correct situation.  Don't recommend.
4	I started using rainbow cleaners for my work clothes. Dress shirts and pants from Express. I used this business for a year and had one incident I wasn't happy about, where they shredded one of my favorite Express MK2 shirts. The management gave me a store credit of about the full price of the shirt to use on future cleanings. I recommend this cleaners to anybody looking for economical laundry and dry cleaning, because they are affordable and they use "green" laundry chemicals and processes.
1	They lost my clothes and three weeks later they still had not resolved the problem.  The manager was supposed to call me but didn't until I showed up in person and insisted.  Their idea of resolving the problem was waiting to see if they ever turned up on their own. Scary when their response was "what we usually do in this situation..."  They lose clothes that often?!?!  What clothes they did return were either wrinkled or stiff as cardboard (I requested light starch).  One pair of pants were torn.If you value your clothes, do not use this incredibly unprofessional business. Go to American Cleaners instead.  They are friendly, professional and very well priced.
3	They're close by, they use environmentally friendly cleaning products, they get the job done and they're reasonably priced. They are also open until 7 during the week and until 6 on Saturday which is VERY convenient. The service is efficient and while not the friendliest, as long as they remain convenient and reasonably priced I see no reason to go elsewhere.
1	I will never return to this dry cleaner. They destroyed 3 of my husband's shirts. One returned to us ripped in half. They did give us a credit so I let it go and gave them another chance. The final straw was today when I went to pick up a dress that was brought in for dry cleaning. The ruined my brand new dress because the they washed it instead of dry cleaning it. They said it was not there fault. I disagree.
1	I dropped off my shirts and was told that they would be 1.85 which is comparable to the other cleaners.  When I picked up they had changed me 3.75 for one shirt.  Management didn't care, so I will be going elsewhere.
1	I was sure that under the new ownership, things would improve at Rainbow Cleaners. Not only was I wrong, but in fact things have become worse. Losing a customer's clothing seems to be their M.O. here. Just in the past 4 months, they have managed to lose 5 shirts with a total value of $200. In addition they lost a jacket I purchased in London last summer. What baffles me, is that the new owner and his staff have absolutely no procedure in place for how to deal with lost items. I have checked back 5 times in the past 4 months, with the hope that something would turn up. There is a smart ass counter person who works very hard to place the blame on the customer for the lost merchandise, and claims that she has absolutely no responsibility, stating over and over that "it" (the computer) shows that the items were picked up. (Not by me!) The owner simply stands by, scratches his head and admits he has no clue how to deal with this problem, but admits that his high turnover in employees, may be partly to blame. There's a red flag here folks!!!  Stay away from this establishment!
3	They do a decent job on the cleaning. It appears to be disorganized. I have been going there for about 1 year. Several months ago they didn't get the cleaning done in the timeframe they said they would. The owner said he would put a credit on my account. They never did even after I reminded them on my next visit. They said they would speak to the manger when he was in. Nothing happened. Oh well
5	I have been using this cleaners for years. They used to be a "good" cleaners and now, with new ownership and new management, are an excellent cleaners. I take all my clothes, from a $100.00 shirt to my $3,000.00 suits. They are as good as anyone out there. Very friendly and always treat me and my clothes the way they should, very professional.I highly recommend this cleaners to everyone, even if you live out of their area. They now have pick up and delivery.. AWESOME!!!!!
4	I've been coming to Rainbow for years.  They do a good job cleaning my stuff, and they are reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and I've never had a problem getting any issues I have resolved with them.
2	I have been coming here for about 11 years (off and on) because the location is convenient for me.  Quality is standard, but the prices have gone up to the point where I do not think they are competitive anymore.  Mens dress shirts are at least 20% higher than most other places.  The last time I picked up my laundry they also up-charged me for 'lined' wool slacks. In fact, I had to point out that the pants were not lined. You need to carefully review your charges before you pay  otherwise you might get ripped off.     Probably won't be returning.
2	They have lost clothing on me twice and I still have not received a call or follow up on an article of clothing they lost.  Should have come on here first!
2	I've had it with these folks. Tired of my dress shirts coming back with machine marks or "sorry, but this stain won't come out" notes (that I then easily remove with Spray & Wash and a spin in our washing machine). I've never had these problems anywhere else, but I get it from Rainbow every 2nd or 3rd time I send a batch of shirts. Decent enough service & speed, but they just can't seem to get the cleaning right. I'm done.
5	I started going to rainbow cleaners about a year ago, and have had nothing but wonderful experience. The people up front and the people in the back truly know what they're doing and how to handle all my clothing. I would highly recommend it to anybody.
