5	$1 Sushi, wtf??!?!?  Ok, so I tried this place after I overheard two people talking about it in a restaurant one night.  They said it was a GREAT spot, and they were right!  I couldn't believe the price, $1 for a nigiri piece, $3 for a standard tuna roll or spicy tuna (8 piece).  It's mostly a take-out spot and does not offer much in the way of decor, but when I can get an entire sushi meal for $10.81 (haha, I go way too much), who cares?Their fish is always fresh and the size of the pieces are just fine, especially for $1.  You can't complain.  I'm here 2x's a week on average and completely hooked.  I usually call on my way home, place my order, pick up, and go home to enjoy.  They now even have Tamari wheat-free soy sauce!  (on request)They have a variety of specialty rolls as well that vary in price from $3 - $7.  They also serve a sort of Vietnamese-Chinese fusion menu with spring rolls, Pho, stir-fry, etc...  I haven't tried anything there except for the sushi, but people seem to enjoy it.I highly recommend this place.  Again, go for the food, not the atmosphere.  The sushi chef, John, is very cool too.  Nice guy and very personable.  Makes you feel at home.
4	this place is awesome.  great prices always friendly....its a chain but it has that family owned kinda feeling to it.  fish quality is great for the price.  best bang for your buck for sure, and this is coming from a san franciscan
4	It doesn't make any sense how good it is and how cheap it is either. The fish is SO good! They tend to get very busy at lunch and dinner, every day of the week. It's best to call your order ahead of time otherwise you could be waiting 20-30 minutes depending on how many people are ahead of you. That being said, the quality the fish for the price is excellent. I'm a fish snob, I admit it. I've encountered some disgusting fish in the Valley calling itself quality sushi. It doesn't matter if it's expensive or cheap, I've seen it all. Chopstix definitely isn't one of those places. They have great rolls. Some of the mayo sauces are a bit thick for my liking so I just order everything without it. Their miso is pretty tasty and most importantly, their sushi is $1 a piece and the sushi rice is perfect. You can't beat it for the price.
4	Good food at a good price and excellent service.  Just felt sorry the poor guy was holding down the whole place alone.  It reminds me a lot of restaurants in Asia and would highly recommend it.  Call in your order if you have issues with waiting.
4	I was looking for a place in East Mesa with good Pho- Tried ChopStix, and was not disappointed. Even though, they only have one type of Pho, they did it right. (I usually like the crazy Pho with tendons, ligaments, and pork blood..don't knock it till you've tried it).  My gf got sushi, which was surprisingly good. Will most def visit, and update my review once i have tried more-
5	Great place. Only place in E.Mesa to get pho and its good here. Johnny, the owner, is awesome, always smiling and friendly, running the place by himself. The rest of the menu is a mix of japanese/vietnamese/asian. They have a full on sushi menu, 1$ per piece nigiri, or sets and trays that are cheap and delicious. Next time in here I'm gonna get the tsunami, a tray made up of about 5-6 different rolls for 26$. The one low point is that they don't serve boba anymore. He said the demand just wasn't there. Too bad, I'll have to drive all the way to chandler to get that.
4	I've only been here twice.I've tried 5 of their rolls."Las Vegas Roll" - Not as good as Ra's.  I know that everybody bashes on Ra, But I still LOVE their Vegas roll the best!"Rainbow Roll" - Nothing too special here, just a typical rainbow roll"The Journey Roll" - Tastes similar to a Vegas roll, maybe better?"Matsuzaka Roll" - wow.  Yum.  This roll has Prime Rib on the outside.  Yup.  Yum.  Really good, really different."Samango Roll" - 5 stars.  Mango/Avacado/Cream Cheese/Salmon.  I mean all of those things just MELT in your mouth.  I mean wow.  So good.  So different with the mango.  Love it.I can't wait to go again and try more rolls!The place is very small.  No liquor.  More of a take-out style place.  But to eat sushi, it has to be the freshest!  So I would recommend just eating it there...  Also, Johnny loves to make small talk and he might just be the friendliest person I've ever met.But also though, be warned if you don't like to chit-chat, because he will!It may take a while for your order because he is the only person there!  So also be warned of that.  It's usually very empty there, but the word will get out.Had the Miso soup and was not good.   Tasted like Top Ramen.Had an order of the side dish "Creamy Lobster Rolls" - Very very good.Also the Spring Rolls were very good too.I just wish they served liquor, and was maybe a bigger place?
4	I love this place in and out in no time. The food is very fresh made to order, and you can call in your order and come and pick it up I've  tried many rolls all very good.
3	Went in to grab some dinner based oin reviews here. Sadly was greeted by one sign saying they were "closed for summer"And another listing City regulations they had to bring up to speed.So Hopefully he's taken the summer off to get the place tohgether and get some R&R, being a one man show, it must be hard. The website no longer works, which bodes poorly for any business.I'll try again in September (leaving three stars to keep the average up, Even though I should give 2 stars for not keeping website up and saying closed for summer.
