3	Pido's reminds me of a place you would find in Fayette County with its wood paneled walls and backwoodsy charm (I prefer places like this over clubs and crowded bars). The average patron is 30+ and casual, I think the only time it gets rowdy is friday night karaoke, which I avoid at all costs. The beer selection isn't the best but they do have New Castle and that makes me happy.On to the food - freshly handmade pizza is phenomenal, wings can be served whole or wing dings, JB had a steak sandwich with onion blossoms last time we were there. I favor the blossoms over rings b/c its one bite! No more worrying about taking a bite and the onion sliding out leaving you with only a mouthful of breading and the sauce they come with is a perfect match. the sandwich was ridiculously large but he got it down no problem, so I guess it was good. The only thing that has left me dissatisfied was the cheese fries, they were a little limp and the cheese was melted shredded cheddar instead of cheese sauce but they were still edible.All in all, a good place to go grab a bite and a couple of cold ones.
5	Great bar food and a very nice place to have a relaxing chill dinner.  The liquor selection is the best. I always do a shot of some old crazy stuff when I go there.This is a thinking man's bar. It's quiet and the jukebox is never on.  The owner keeps it this way and I love it.
1	One star because we didn't get sick and die.  This is a 'local' bar.  Nobody even looks at you unless they know you.  I was told to go here because of the wonderful fish sandwich.  Two huge breaded fish fillets so big you can't possibly eat it all.  Well, I got one medium sized fish fillet on a nasty bun.  by nasty i mean those cheap white buns you can buy a whole bag for a dollar.  it was not even toasted.  small portion of french fries.  what a disappointment.  my companion got a half an Italian hoagie.  again, crappy sandwich, very small serving of french fries.  I said. "they didn't give you any lettuce or tomato?"  he said.  yeah, I got some.  He showed me three strands of lettuce and a dried out slice of tomato.  it looked like it was salvaged from the garbage.  Maybe they save the good food for the 'regulars,'  but if you are a newcomer, forget it.  between the two of us, we got the two sandwiches, one beer and one Pepsi and we spent over $30.00.  Oh yeah, all served on cheap paper plates and an attitude.  Won't be going here again.
