4	Sometimes in Vegas the loud night club is a bit too much and there needs to be a spot where you can regroup w/your friends, grit it up, recap the night so far and decide on one final spot to try to throw a hail mary putang mission.  Let's put emphasis on "try".  Regardless of the outcome, if you're in sin city w/people who like to put themselves on the brink of permanent retardation you most likely also know of the lull in the night where everyone needs to take a breather.  Well the Galleria Bar is pretty much your typical Vegas casino bar.  I've only been there once but it more than met our needs and if I ever stay at Caesar's I know where to monger up for a quick recharge.  It's not fancy, there's just hooch and a person serving it.  Sounds pretty boring but at 6am after partying for 8 hours it's great to have a mellow spot where u can drink and relax but still keep that edge you need in Vegas b/c going back to the room is never a good idea, people start dropping like flies once they see a bed.  You might wonder why it gets 4 stars and the main reason it does is b/c it's open all night and since it's by the entrance of the hotel it's not as depressing as say boozing it up at a lounge in Stardust (RIP) w/a bunch of degenerates that drive old Buicks and listen to Lawrence Welk.  Galleria Bar doesn't shut down, ever.  Unless you're a pussy who calls it a night at 2am in Vegas there's not much to dislike about a bar that doesn't run dry.
4	Not a bad place to grab a drink, especially if you have a bunch of gambling friends, so you can stick close by and have a drink w/them.Live, typical music.. take requests which is nice.Bartenders are cool, they're good w/the drinks, make them strong and pretty funny.
4	A pretty good and fun place to grab a drink and listen to the pianists play some of the classics from Journeys, Michael Jackson etc etc. The pianists definitely could get the crowd to stand up, dance in their seats and sing along. The crowd here is much older but of course, still possess the same fun spirits of Vegas.
4	Feels like an old school place to hang and have a cold beverage with snacks. It fits what your needs are which are to just hang out and people watch.
3	You'll find Galleria Bar in the Forum casino at Caesars if memory serves me right but I wouldn't quote me on that... After all, with the amount of booze flowing through your veins, you can't really consider your memory to be your best friend when you're in Sin City. Anyways, I found this bar to be just on the ok side - nothing memorable really. It's convenient for Caesars Palace guests definitely. I'm not generally a fan of casino bars as I find them to be quote boring so 3 stars for me..
5	One of the last, great Las Vegas lounges left. Have spent many an hour there with friends.where can you go and sit at a bar that Frank used to sit with his JD? I hope it never changes but few remember the way it was...
