5	Taverne Sur Le Square is my uncle's favorite restaurant in Montreal. He lives there, I live in Columbus, OH, but on every visit up there, we stop by the Taverne at least once.I've been twice. Once in 2009, once in July of this year. When I went in 2009, I had a fish special - halibut over a cold cucumber/tomato salad with an incredible vinaigrette of some kind. Growing up, I always hated fish, and this was the first time I tried fish as an adult with an open mind, thinking maybe I'd like it now. That was a mistake. This dish was so incredible I generally don't like fish, because no where is the food so good as this halibut was.I returned this summer with high expectations. Sitting down and looking at the menu, I was worried - the menu wasn't very exciting, I didn't feel myself pulled into any of the dishes. Again, I got the fish special - red snapper (I think) over a bean ratatouille. Once again, the dish was fantastic. The flavors and textures all went together incredibly. I was very pleased.The restaurant itself is very nice, and the waitstaff very friendly. One man stopped by and talked to my uncle - I thought he might have been a friend of my uncle's, but it turned out he was just a very friendly server with an excellent memory! Overall a very pleasant experience. I look forward to returning on my next trip to Montreal.
4	i always like going there...the food is always good and service pretty good!love the outside terrace.
5	There are so many things to love about Taverne on the Square. Taverne is like an old friend - like a friend with whom you can pick up right where you left off even if you haven't seen each other in a while. A friend you can count on. A friend who welcomes you back with hanger steak, among other things.Why? At Taverne, the service, food and atmosphere are consistent and always spot on. Waiters are perfectly attentive and friendly without being overbearing, the bistro-style food is always mouthwateringly delicious and the warm room is always full of hustle and bustle. It's even consistent with its clientele, which ranges from older Westmount ladies insisting on a particular table to younger groups of friends enjoying festive dinners.For the tartare lovers out there - Taverne makes a mean one. The ingredients are so fresh, and somehow, even the avocado is always buttery and delicious. It comes with somewhat flaky fried "chips" and a little bit of balsamic reduction. One of my favorite tartars in the city.And the hanger steak? Hands down, the best in the city. The steak is always grilled to perfection no matter how you like it cooked (but I suggest medium-rare), and it comes with an amazing bordelaise (red wine) sauce and a nice, lightly dressed, salad. The cut of meat is always ridiculously fresh.Finally, this is a Montreal restaurant that doesn't falter at dessert!  I haven't tried them all, but the ones I've had were completely satisfying. The best? The Ooey Gooey Chocolate Chip Cookie. Yeah, that's actually what it's called, and it does that name justice.Taverne's cookie is baked on the spot in a mini-pan, so when you get it, it's warm and 100% ooey gooey. The dough is obviously sweet, but it has that salty touch I so adore inhautechocolate chip cookies. Oh, and they use dark chocolate chips and put vanilla ice cream on top. I'm getting hot just thinking about it.Some will carp that Taverne can be chi-chi and pretentious, but really, Taverne's just a classy place with great food whose clientele happens to be well-dressed and good-looking, in a Westmount kind of way. Go, have a wonderful time and leave with a satisfied, warm, fuzzy feeling. And don't hate it 'cause it's beautiful.Food 9.5/10, Atmosphere (buzzing&happening) 9/10, Pretty people 9/10, Service 9/10.
4	Limited menu but what is there is very good. Good wine list. Had their steak, well prepared. Attentive service.
4	Yet another of our favorite neighbourhood restaurants. Pricey yet the staff are friendly and the meals are delicious.
3	I've been here for lunch many times, since it's near my work. And I've been once for dinner. I like the location, as it's hard to find restaurants in Westmount. But, it's expensive for what you get. Service is usually fine. The menu is kind of limited and does not change very often. The dinner seems really overpriced. It's not their fault, but the Westmount Square bathrooms are the only ones available, and you have to leave the restaurant. Those bathrooms are often kind of smelly and not consistently cleaned. I'll go back for lunch every now and again, and I'm sure it will be fine, as usual.
4	Let's get down to brass tacks.  Eat here.  Taverne is an interesting Bar/Restaurant/Dinner Party.  Dwelling in the strip mall beneath the black tri-fecta of monuments designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, you might miss it all too easily or not even know of it's existence without a little help from a friend.  Again, back to my second statement.  Eat here.  With a pitcher of Basil Smash on table I was ready to turn things up a notch.  After 9:30 the menu adds an option of a $28 pairing of an Entre with a plat principal.  With the dinner menu stemming from 15-40 dollar range for one dish alone this is an excellent way to try a few things from the eclectic, and yet perfectly simple, one page menu. The Poutine Maison is something that I recommend wholeheartedly, but do not eat this bad boy alone.  It is very heavy with the fat used to fry them and the slightly wild flavor.  Split with someone and share the Beet Salad.  If no one gets the beet salad, order a beet salad and make them eat it.  Be forceful and use the airplane trick if you have to.  Our main staples on the chopping block tonight are  Lamb shoulder with chick peas, and the truffle oil and pancetta four cheese macaroni.  The shoulder was plated beautifully and when the fork touched its scalded walls it flaked off easily.  The prep work for this was spectacular and before I even tasted it I enjoyed the artistic style used for this baseball cut of shoulder.  The very first bite was fireworks.  If you like lamb and enjoy it to have that "off the barbecue" flavor of ever so slightly smokey and a little bit wild like game mixed with a semi sweet aromas of the onions and figs it was stuffed with (is your mouth watering yet?)  This was expertly prepared and we expertly devoured it.The mac'n'cheese was quite nice as well.  After having the lamb shoulder it is hard to try and astutely judge a simple pasta dish, but it ended up an A plus meal.  The truffle oil was a tad bit heavy with the pancetta but the cheeses used made for a wonderfully creamy plate that took a childhood favorite and transformed it into magic. My only problem with this plate was its price.  I do not shy away from paying for fantastic food but pasta is one of those things that I never like seeing over the 20 dollar mark.  If it goes even a dollar over it better make me remember memories of family dinners and mom cooking in the kitchen.  This was close.  Impressive, but for 26 dollars (or 28 plus the appetizer after 9:30) I would rather go for the lamb.  Overall our meal was splendid, and our service was fantastic.  It can be a little bit loud inside but that's apparently the ambiance here.  Go with friends.  Chow down.  At the end of the night?  Have the bread pudding.
1	Was there last night. Awful! Poor service (what service???) and cheap poorly executed food...$185 later, nope shall not return ever.We were sitting down for more then one hour, and no one even asked us whether we wanted bread... C'mon!  Finally we got some, with some butter... However, we were given a little piece of butter and bread from another table which had drops of either wine or coca cola on it! Disgusting!! We were so starving we only realized after we starting eating the bread. Should be reported tontine health and food authorities!We had the Mac and Cheeze with the pancetta... Heu, still looking for pancetta!They must be joking!Never again.There are so many other choices in Montreal, stay away! So arrogant this place, and overpriced. Nope, never again.
1	My office is nearby and there are a limited number of places within walking distance that are suitable for a business lunch. As a result I find myself at Tavern from time to time. My experiences here range from poor to mediocre. The food is nothing to write home about and the prices are high. Today I paid approximately $20 for a salad that consisted of canned tuna, lettuce and some olives. They seem to be consistently under staffed during lunch as my colleagues and I regularly find ourselves waiting extended periods of time to be served, as was the case today. There seems to be a stark difference between this location and the Tavern on Monkland which I remember as being a good restaurant. The best thing I can say about this place is that the fries are pretty good. Honestly there is no good reason to eat here other than that it is connected to my office building, and even then I try to avoid it at all costs.
