3	I love Blizzards! Hard to not right? I dislike Dairy Queens. They are all dirty and dingy. They are all stuck in this 40 year old motif and feel that never ever changes. I wish they would just get a drive thru so I didn't have to go in and see the filth! But, I suffer on for my tasty little Blizzard love...
4	This dairy queen is always clean and they have a good  2 for 1 special every day. Mondays is the Oreo Brownie Earthquake which is yum. I normally get a chocolate cone or blizzard and it is always good. They are really patient with my 5 year old as he likes to order and pay on his own:)
5	SQUEE. I love ice cream. I love Dairy Queen. I love Dairy Queen ice cream.Mainly I visit this for the oh-so-close-to-home Blizzard craving that comes about, but their non-ice cream food is good too.  I always receive stellar service here with nothing less than a smile.  Quick, too.Oreo mint Blizzard = heavenly.  They also have like, 4 sizes now too - I'm so glad they started offering that!  You can have your sweet tooth in a Kids' or Mini size.  As Goldilocks would say, "Juuuust right."
5	When you first walk in the door, you will notice that this place is spotless! The staff is extra friendly and the service is fast. The burgers are average for a DQ but they have excellent fried cheese curds that remind me of Wisconsin! Their ice cream is thick and you can tell they don't use a lot of air like so many other DQs I have been too. It was so good that we had to return the very next day!
5	The service here is amazing! Robert the manager is always super nice&makes my cream exactly the way I like it. Nick is super awesome! I highly recommend this DQ!
1	So... I went in to get an ice cream cake made for my daughters birthday and all there cakes where so half ass I could have made it myself for the 30 bucks I spent The "happy birthday" was not good quality at all and I was completely disappointed, seeing as tho I always get my cakes from DQ
1	This place is so close to home and as much as I usually love ice cream and wanted to love it I really am annoyed by this place. I've been here 3 times. Something is wrong every single time. Hair in my food once. I bought a groupon but the employee was totally lost on how to redeem it so just flat out did not accept it. Forgot an item from my order.
3	I love the cherry dipped cones!Still sad they got rid of the cotton candy blizzard- was my absolute favorite!
3	We happened to be driving by and it sounded like the perfect afternoon treat!It wasn't busy at that point of the day.  I was able to walk right up and order.  They were smiling and so friendly.  Great service and were very quick to make my order.  The s'mores blizzard was definitely good.  It was really jammed packed with the ingredients of chocolate and graham crackers.  I see myself getting this again.  The store itself needed a little updating and tlc.  It wasn't the cleanest establishment so I was glad to get this to go.  I'm never opposed to stoping for DQ! It's an old favorite of mine!
2	When it comes to service this Dairy Queen is the worst.  It's always dirty and there's never a manager on duty.  If there's a spill it stays on the floor and doesn't get cleaned up.  The gal came out with our food and a little girl ran in front of her.  The gal spilled our drinks but didn't replace it.  We had to go back up and ask for it and she also forgot my daughter's smoothie.
