5	"Running the Las Vegas Strip?  You kidding me?  I'm in."  This year was a year of firsts for me.  Running on a freeway.  Running on a Military Base.  Running a full marathon.  Heck, let's add running up and down the Las Vegas Strip.  My friend didn't have to convince me too hard to join in on a fun filled weekend in Las Vegas and do a run.December 6, 2009 - The inaugural run for this event.  Let's go more into the details of this course.~*~ Health & Fitness Expo ~*~Located in the BACK...I mean THE BACK of Mandalay Bay, you might as well have run a marathon to walk back there.  They set up a virtual video of the course as you enter the lobby like area before the expo area.  The expo was bigger than I had anticipated.  It had all the usual vendors (Halo, Fleet Feet, etc.).  One thing you should definitely do is go on Friday.  The place was easily maneuverable and you get more of the goodies.  We came on Saturday for my other friend and it was packed.  The freebies were all gone and it was just not a feel good atmosphere.  Good thing was that there were other events going around (Cowboy retailers I think cause all you can see were a bunch of folks in cowboy boots and hats walking your way), so you could venture and find other things.  Just remember to get your wristband for your free beer at the end and get a bracelet from PF Changs to get free food at their stand post race.~*~ Starting Line ~*~The starting line was at the edge of the strip at Mandalay Bay.  One thing that I didn't like was that there were no food or water stands.  Good thing there were potty stations cause my friend would've died.  They released Corrals 1-20 in waves so by the time we started it was half an hour into the race already.  The Blues Brothers were playing on top of the start line.  It was fitting =)~*~ Course ~*~Completely flat.  You basically run from Mandalay Bay to the Las Vegas sign, then run up the Strip past Stratosphere and you keep going for a mile or so and turn back to run to Mandalay.  That's it.  Well that's it for the Half Marathon.  At one point the Marathoners diverge to a different route outside the strip to gain the rest of their mileage.  ~*~ Post Run ~*~The usual was given out: Water, raisins, oranges, bananas, Froze bars, Cytomax.  Not enough icing stations (if there were any).  We didn't stay for the concert, but I'm sure it's like the other ones.  Plenty of port o potties.~*~ Bands ~*~With the exception of the Blues Brothers, I don't even recollect many bands on this course.  But I guess that's something I have against many of the Rock 'n' Roll races I've run.  There are spots where you're thinking..."Isn't there supposed to be a band playing?"  Closing Comments:Just a reminder...it's cold.  REALLY REALLY cold (probably 30s).  We came about an hour earlier than we anticipated to run and we were shivering.  There were no heat lamps so we tried to scoot over to other people to get their body heat...unfortunately they kept scooting away from us.  I swear we showered and smelled all flowery.  Next time I'm buying some cheap gloves and blanket so I can discard it when we start running.The beginning of the race was packed.  It was like trying to maneuver through a school of fish.  You knew those people were not in the right corrals.  I lost a lot of good time just going up and down from the street to curb to pass these people.  Past mile 2-3 it was easier.  The another quip I do have with this course is not enough volunteers so the water and Cytomax stations weren't well manned or supplied.  Past Mile 9 you're lucky to even get anything.  If you live in Las Vegas, please volunteer!!! We do appreciate the help.Overall a good solid flat run.  I would highly suggest doing this for your first half since if you have a huge party (like us), for those who aren't running, there are plenty of activities around.  Also for those who are running, there are plenty of activities around ;)  Next time need to try what my friend did and go clubbing the night before, get an hour of sleep and run the half....actually never mind, I like sleep. That's what the AFTER run party's for.  We went to XS that night since we got free passes in our running goodies bag.  It's great to be a finisher ;)
4	My 2nd half marathon (did long beach half in 2009 & the entire la marathon 2009)FUN! Super cold in December. Nicely organized.Got to the race super late but finished in 2:23! Startline had a caged white tiger!Cool live bands.Water station and electrolyte station pretty well organized.They gave out GU!Finishline was coollots of fuel in the end to replenish your body :)Fun race, would do it again!
4	This was my first half marathon and I was not disappointed. The race turn out was phenomenal, well laid out, lots of aid stations and WOW - the runner participation absolutely ROCKED! There were 27,000 people. Packet pick up was extremely well coordinated, the expo was cool and the entertainment was....well, it was. The course was flat and easy - the spectators were great for the first part of the half, the second half was definitely harder to get through - the scenery was repeat since the course was an out and back, and the crowds had died down by this point. It was WICKED COLD! I know for the next race that I don't need to be there so early based on my coral number but while I was waiting enjoyed the companionship of my fellow runners. The end was well organized from medals, pictures, post race fuel and so fourth. The great part about the race being on the strip is that you can get a room close to the start line, I stayed at the Monte Carlo and used the distance to the start/finish line as a warm up/cool down. Disadvantage about staying on the strip is if you are sensitive to smoke, it seeps through the vents - ack! I'm not sure if I would do it again as I'm on a mission to do 25 races in 25 different states - but I would most definitely encourage others to do this race especially if it's a first rate - great baseline to build on! 2:11 was my finishing time...aiming to break 2 on the next one :D
1	Did you guys see the trash after the Marathon??? The City had to foot that bill. For what? Charity? Yeah...the needy never gets most of the money. It is corrupt people (kickbaks etc.) that always benefit. That is why I am always suspicious about charities and /or charitable. foundations.
2	this was my first marathon and i was looking forward to the whole "rock n roll" experience. if you were looking forward to actual music then bring your ipod. the first 1/2 of the marathon was decent with enough around you to keep you busy. the second half was in the residential areas of town, not a lot of people, nothing to look at but desert, and the bands were not playing. like other reviewers have said, there were plenty of port-a-potties, and the water stations were decent. i would do the half marathon if i were ever to go back and run in vegas. however, i wouldn't run this marathon again. i would try and pick somewhere more picturesque. watch out for the weather. it was 32 degrees (December 2009) at the start and it didn't get much warmer than that.
5	Maybe I haven't come off my runner's high yet, but this year's Rock N' Roll Marathon was AWESOME!!!  Great set up!  Great organization!!  So much fun!Big props to the volunteers, organizers, and Mandalay Bay for making everything run so smoothly!  I really appreciate the fact that the cleaning staff set up camp in the women's restrooms, consistently ensuring paper towels, toilet paper, and soap for all.  Despite the hundreds of port of potties there is a realization that women are going to the use the facilities with running water if given a choice. Food vendors were open, Bellagio fountains were running, Mirage volcano was erupting, bands were rockin.  It was fabulous!  The Border Grill was especially accomodating, set up to provide food specials, as well as alcohol specials.  Nothing's better than a beer or good margarita after a half marathon or marathon.The Bret Michaels concert right afterwards was awesome!  Yep!  Bret Michaels = awesome!  Rock of Love, baby!  So much better than having the concert later on in the evening.Also, a big thanks to the Las Vegas police for blocking off roads and directing traffic.  It was much better than last year.  So smooth getting in and out.My only complaint would be that there was not a great selection of food in the "secure zone" (they had ice cream last year!) and no free food outside the secure zone.  But I got my free beer (thanks to the MGD guy for not requiring me to show my ID, speeding the process along!) and was feeling no pain so the lack of food didn't bother me.  Oh... also this year they didn't have tigers at the start.  Last year they did. I like tigers.Tips for those considering the marathon or half-marathon in the future:1) Park at Mandalay Bay.  Don't pay attention to what any signs say.  It is your God-given right to park at Mandalay Bay as a runner.2) Enter the hotel and follow the signs to the convention center and Shark Reef.3) Try to figure out a way to comfortably carry a camera or cell phone with a camera.  You won't regret it (unless you drop it so be careful).  4) After completing the run, you may be confused.  You will be led through something called the "secure zone" to take a picture with a showgirl and pick up food.   Once you leave the secure zone, they won't let you back in and this may be the only free food AND WATER you get so...a) carry a small grocery bag with you on the run so you can easily load up with food and water (this was my co-worker's suggestion and I can't thank him enough).b) make sure you get one of those disposable blanket thingys.  You may not want one right away, but you may later.  Better safe than sorry.c) take a picture with a showgirl!  They say its not mandatory but it is.  No matter how bad you are feeling... do it!  It'll make you feel better.5) Most of all... HAVE FUN!!  Like my friend said, everyone is there for your entertainment.  Be entertained!!See the photos documenting some of the fun.
5	This was my first time running Las Vegas and it was great. The Rock n Roll people are well organized and have all of the details worked out. The course is always well marked and aid stations in good locations. The course for the half marathon was Mandalay Bay out to Freemont Street and back. I had completed five half marathons prior to this, but had not actually trained until now. The course was excellent and I enjoyed running down the strip - it just goes to show how deceiving Vegas is when you are out walking the strip. Granted, most people don't walk to Freemont, but just walking the strip and back is a good distance. You get sucked in by the buildings and next thing you know, turn around and your hotel is miles away. So it was fun that it was a half marathon and the distance was expected :-) The post race concert rocked. Bret Michaels sounded good, the crowd was huge and it was a good time. Speaking of good times - the course was flat and fast. I was pleased to set my best times at 5K, 10K, 10 miles and a PR in the half marathon. The weather was great, the crowds were great and I am glad that I could mark Nevada off my 50 state half marathon club punchlist - and complete my second Rock n Roll event in 2010. Good job, Las Vegas!
5	The Las Vegas RNR Marathon/Half Marathon is a well executed race. The same people coordinate races in different cities and their experience shows. The expo works smoothly and the race has the appropriate number of water stops, gu, coordinators, etc.PRE-RACE: The expo is held in the Sands Convention center, which is a bit of a chore to get to, but otherwise is run pretty smoothly. The start and finish line are close to each other near Mandalay Bay. For the out of towner, I'd recommend staying at the south end of the strip. Although you'd have to travel to the expo (but presumably you're up and about the town anyways), but it's horribly convenient to be able to get up and walk to the starting line. And possibly more importantly, walk to the hotel room after the race. If you're staying in Mandalay Bay (or Luxor and Excalibur since they're connected by tram), you're probably in good shape.RACE: It's a pretty nice scenic course. There are some races that have rather forgettable scenery (e.g. interstates, endless routes through subdivisions, etc.), but running down the Strip certainly leaves you enough to see. It's basically a flat down and back course going from Mandalay Bay out past the Stratosphere and back. And there's plenty of water, bands, spectators, cheer groups, etc. Note that this is for the half marathon and the first half of the marathon. I did hear from some of the marathoners that the second half of their course was less exciting. But since that's second hand information, I'll defer that to their Yelp review.On a personal note, I set a New Years resolution to run a half marathon in a different state every month and so this completes 2010 for me. Please excuse me while I ice my knees for the next week.
4	Very smooth race! A nice out-and-back course for the HM (well, basically out-and-back).Started at Mandalay Bay in waves, separated by about a minute. Lots of news coverage. Turnaround was roughly at Fremont Street. Roads were wide, lots of room to move, not too crowded (as opposed to Bloomsday in Spokane where people are elbow to elbow!). Water/Gu/Cytomax regularly (approx every 2 miles).The finish line held many options for recovery. Pictures with showgirls (necessary as far as I could tell), space blanket/foil insulators, bananas, pretzels, water, cytomax, gogurt, bagels, beer (MGD64 THOUGH???), Marathon bars. Gear check was smooth and easy. A very nice race!
4	The Las Vegas Rock n Roll half marathon was a nice and flat race.  I ran the half with my bf, and my brother ran the FULL marathon.  It was a bit expensive, I think I paid 125 at the Seattle rock n roll expo.The expo was held at the Sands Convention Center, inside the Venetian.  It had plenty of vendors, and interestingly had lots of shoe vendors compared to the other rock n roll expos I've been to.  I suggest going there early as it gets crowded as the day goes on.On race day it was about 40 degrees that morning, and partly cloudy. I wore a tech shirt, knee length, stretch running shorts, arm warmers and gloves.  I took the gloves off around mile 5.  The race started in 1 minute waves and there were about 32 corrals.  I was in corral 9.  Because we were released in waves, there was plenty of running room on the strip.  The actual course was nice and flat, although I was told by my brother that the full marathon did have some incline and the scenery was boring because it ran through industrialized areas.  Only miles 1-3 and 10-13 are on the main part of the strip.  Plenty of water/cytomax at every 1.5 miles.  I think porto potties too?At the finish line there was: water, cytomax, marathon bars (they tasted like snickers), bananas, pretzels, gogurt, and bagels.  Make sure you grab everything because once you leave the area you can't go back.  The family reunion area had signs with letters A-Z so that you could meet your friends/family at a predesignated letter. Overall, this race was well organized and flat.  I'll run it again when I attempt to be a Rock Legend (7 rock n roll races in one calendar year).
3	Even though I'm relatively new to the Marathon Game.. I thought this race left a lot to be desired. I've had experience with the San Diego RNR marathon, LA RNR half marathon, and the LA Marathon. I felt that this race catered more(or only to) the Half Marathoners.. while the full marathoners were left with the hardest part of the race with nothing but construction sites and sand to look at. After the 13 mile mark, the port-o-potties were few and far in between. I understand that it would have required the strip to be shut down longer to arrange it to be any different. But I feel making this a Half Only event would have made it a much better event.all in all, I will NOT run this event again. Atleast not as a full marathon or until they change the course.Also I received a bit of attitude from one of the volunteers at the end when I grabbed an extra bagel on my way out.
5	What's better than a random trip to Vegas? An excuse to take a random trip to Vegas, in the form of a half marathon. The expo was very organized - lots of vendor booths, plenty of free schwag, and ample space for the hoards of people on a Saturday afternoon. The race set-up was slightly confusing. Bag drop was in a corner way in the back of the parking lot and there were huge lines to actually drop which caused a little bit of chaos as race time approached. Otherwise everything was pretty smooth. Corralls seemed to be organized and there were a ton of port-a-potties. The course is flat and scenic. I loved running down the strip, enjoyed the bands, folks in costume, and the run-thru chapel. After smashing my PR to bits, we hung around and watched the bands for a couple of hours while waiting for our friend who ran the full. Bret Michaels was a fun way to end the expereince.Overall, this was a great race. Lots to see, lots of fun, and it's Vegas.
5	When I turned 50 this year, I knew I had to do something special.  When a friend looked for volunteers to join her for her first half marathon, I decided to throw my hat in.   I have to say that this was a PERFECT first-timers event.  The good:  It was well organized, flat and damn fun.  The weather was perfect.  Did I mention that it was fun?  Between the bands and the nice flat course and all the cameras and gawkers along the strip, I felt like a rock star. Buffets.  How perfect for a post race refueling than to stop at a fabulous buffet.  My group went to the Mandalay bay and gorged ourselves with prime rib, crab, eggs benedict, bacon, mashed potatoes and champagne while still sweaty in our running clothes.  It was fabulous.  Then we went to our hotel room at the Luxor and passed out in a food and run coma.The bad:  People lie. You are supposed to estimate your time so they put you in your appropriate corral.  Since this was my first time, I over-estimated my time, but not that freakin' much. I started in corral 28, and started 45 minutes after the first corral.  I was weaving around slowpokes immediately and through to the end of the race - I must have added at least a half a mile to the race.   If you are going to walk the race, you should not be corral 20 or 15, damnit. Be honest.  Even with all the weaving though, I finished in 2:25.  Not bad for a 50 year old in her first race! Yep.  I am bragging.I am really really glad I never had to go to the bathroom because the wait for those port o potties was at least 5-10 minutes long.  There were so many people that after you got done, you just wanted to get through everything.  Therefore, I missed all the post-race food.  (Was there any?) After you got out of the secure area, there wasn't any food and while waiting for people, I really needed something, even water.  There was a beer garden, but I did not think to bring id to the race considering they told you not to put anything valuable in your gear bag.  Mixed messages suck!!!  We got to pose with chorus girls after the race.  Really?  I'm a 50 year old straight woman and I really did not want to pose with a chorus girl.  How about a cabana boy?Bret Michaels was just loud.  The family gathering places were in front of the stage and were too crowded with concert enjoyers to find your damn family.  My 84 year old parents missed me entirely.  Ugly?  Ummm, nuthin.  I had a blast.  It was an amazing event; the highpoint of my year.  Can not wait for next year.
4	I signed up early for the 1/2. Took the pressure off but was frustrating when better discounts kept popping up on fb recently. Customer service was helpful when I needed to change my shirt size.Arrived on Fri AM. I suggest getting there on Fri to attend the Expo. It was leisurely on Fri. On Sat it was a madhouse. For the price, I feel the RnR swag bags are lacking. I've gotten better swag from local 5ks and also from the Chicago Monster Dash. Need gender-specific shirts.. I liked the Vegas shirt better than RnR Chicago.The Expo was located at the Sands Expo Center.  I liked the mid-Strip location. We were at the Imperial Palace & it was a short walk. Sun AM, I took the monorail (buy your pass the day before) to MGM.  It got pretty crowded in MB as we got closer to the start area. There was a huge line for the bathrooms inside & no line at all for the clean portapotties. The corrals circled round so that the later corrals could still see the start line festivities. There was fake Cher for the National Anthem and fake Blues Brothers. I did like that there was a line of porta-potties around corral 2. I was in corral 15 and there were already people walking within the first 1/3 mile or so. I liked the course. Gradual elevation changesl. Running straight down the Strip to the Strat made for much smoother running at first. The course had quite a few spectators until after the Run-Through Wedding area at the Venetian. On the way back in, spectators were more sparse until hitting the Luxor or so. The Bellagio Fountains were going off as I ran north. The Mirage Volcano was also going off. It was pretty amazing.THIS is why I wanted to run Vegas.Once we got north past the Stratosphere, the course started turning. We ran just to the edge of the Fremont St Experience. There was one small spot where we were running on cobblestones and over a curb to transition to another street but other than that, the whole run was on the street. The parking garage for Fremont Street gave off a really offensive odor. I had to hold my breath as I ran past. Somewhere near downtown in a pretty deserted area, two enterprising guys had set up a hotdog stand. Runners were stopping to buy hot dogs and eat. It was a long gradual uphill on the way back south. Spectators were scarce. Water was really scarce from mile 7-11 or so. Tables were still set up but they were pretty devoid of liquid or volunteers. Each water stop had about 5-6 tables on each side. But here, there was maybe water on one of the tables and not that many cups were filled. I had my water belt and hadn't used a water station yet anyway so I was ok but since I'm slow, I was back with some of those not as well-prepared and some of them were struggling. There were still drunk guys on the side of the road holding out beer bottles. I saw a few people partake. The trip back south was not quite as interesting as the initial run north as there were less people cheering and the volcano and fountains weren't going. But there still was an infinite amount of thrill to be gotten just from running on the Strip - closed just for me and 20000 of my closest friends.There were more people watching as we hit NYNY & by the time I hit Luxor, the road was lined with people. Around this spot is where the marathon and half marathon had split so we were divided up and running down different chutes the last mile and half or so. The secure area was confusing. I found water, bananas & a foil blanket.If there was other food, I didn't see it. Pic taken with a Vegas Showgirl. It was difficult to find the family meeting area. I didn't expect it to be the same area as the area for the concert. People were sitting and spreading out all around to save space for the Bret Michaels concert.
4	This was my first Rock N Roll event, and after doing a few other big races I was psyched to finally check out a Rock N Roll. I figured expensive as it was, there must be something special about it, right!? Ummm, its just like any other race. I ran Las Vegas a few years ago before Rock N Roll bought it out and I did not really see a difference other then the price and Brett Michaels. I was expecting a cool shirt, come to find out everyone gets a men's size shirt. I ordered a small and I swim in it, oh well, into the heap of ugly running shirts it goes. I got to my corral, and could not figure out how to get into it, everything was gated off all the way around. A lot of runners were wandering back and forth trying to find a way into the damn corrals. I saw like 20 people just give up and hop the barrier, and followed right after them. Corrals could have been better organized......and while we're talking about corrals, walkers, YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE! If you are a walker don't freaking lie and clog up the course, get in the back and move it slo mo!I spent a large portion of time weaving around people walking 4 and 5 abreast blocking the entire course. Seriously? I finished in 2:05 and I know I could have broken 2 hours if I hadn't been forced to come to a dead stop on more than one occassion because of traffic.Seeing all the Elvises, hotels, people getting married, and awesome cheerleaders and volunteers is what really makes this race worth running again, even if it is 20 degrees out! Next year I'm starting in a closer corral and breaking 2 hours!
4	How does this only have 20-some reviews? This event was GINORMOUS! 30,000+ runners! Literally more runners than the LA Marathon. Albeit most of the runners ran the half, however, the sheer volume of runners gave me a very LA-feel. For example, it took 25 minutes from the time the first runners crossed the start line to the time my corral crossed. 25 MINUTES! And mine wasn't even the last corral (22of 29)!Overall, it was a really fun race. When else do you get the chance to sightsee Vegas to this extent? (Hopefully never...26.2 miles of sightseeing is way more than I ever want to do again).Race Highlights:Got to run the strip (where all the hotels are)Lots of aid stationsSurprisingly good crowd support (Vegas has a nice community-feel it turns out)Cher sang the national anthem at the beginning. Cool.Oh! And it's always a plus to have over 50 buffets to choose from once the race is over.
5	Super fun run!! I didn't race the half seriously, instead I had fun with all the running Elvi. I got some great pictures and had a ton of fun. It was an enormous race but pretty well organized and the expo was awesome. Can say enough good things about this race. Just remember to get a hotel in walking distance to the start line. New York New York was just fine for me and my family stayed at the Aria which wasn't a bad walk either.
4	I've done the Las Vegas RnR Half Marathon both years now with a group of friends and I'm pretty sure we'll keep doing it, barring emergencies and childbirth and the like. The race is well-organized and Vegas is a fun place to do a half-marathon. This past year (2010) had a vastly improved course over the first year - hopefully they'll stick with it in the future.My biggest complaint (and the reason I kept it at 4 stars instead of 5) is the price. In its first year, the marathon was around $150 and the half was $85, or something similar. This year, both races were $145. That's a lot of money, people. The medal is pretty spiffy and all, but come on. This year we stayed at Mandalay Bay the night before the race and it made all the difference in the morning. Last year we tried to drive from Bellagio and it was a nightmare. Do yourself a favor and get a room at MB, even if you don't want to stay there for your whole trip. If you keep an eye out in the spring/early summer, you can get a good rate before the prices start jacking up in the fall.
3	Two years ago, and knowing I was a runner interested in upping my mileage, my friend Jessalynn S. jokingly suggested we should run the Vegas half-marathon. Hahahah, I replied, as it was obvious that this would never happen owing to logistics (she lived in Oregon, I in NYC and other friends who would join us from Denver, D.C. and LA) and, frankly, getting anyone to agree on dinner is hard enough, let alone getting them agree to pay for a race and travel (sometimes) halfway across the country. But the race entry fee wasn't that bad (in 2009 it was $85) and it was a relatively central location for us to all meet up. Despite the freezing cold, we had a blast of a good time and enjoyed the course well enough (up and back down the strip) to ignore the terrible pre-race wrangling and the generally lame post-race logistics (finding a cab to get back to our hotel was next to impossible) to have ourselves a great time. We decided then and there to come back in 2010.And in 2010 we did come back, and generally the same amount of fun. The prices were at the upper echelon of what we considered acceptable for a half-marathon ($145 whether you did the half or the full) but this year I had a new goal -- to run my first ever full marathon, which I signed up for and indicated on my race information. The weather was considerably better this year but the course was pretty boring once you finished the first 13 miles -- out and through industrial and office parks, with kind volunteers but not much in the way of entertainment or support. The citizens of Vegas haven't quite caught on to the race yet, which is not to say they should be up at 8am on a Sunday morning, but that it would be nice.But this year things have changed. In addition to a high price demanded for the race fee ($130 in a special pre-sale in March), the time of the race has now changed from early Sunday morning to 4pm Sunday afternoon for the full and 5:30 for the half. Now, this is important for two reasons:1) the marathon, which already isn't that exciting in terms of course layout or community support and not designed for five hour finishers (all the entertainment was completed well before I finished last year), has been reduced to a 4.5 hour time limit (I finished in 5 hours last year, which means I'm not going to run it this year) and 2) This completely screws with the timing of the trip if I'm coming in from out of town.Now, instead of arriving Saturday morning, getting my race packet and going to bed, I now will have two whole days to kill until the race starts. Since registration is required to be in person, I won't have the ability to arrive on Sunday morning and stay 'til Wednesday -- no, now I have to get in Saturday morning, do nothing all day Saturday and Sunday, and stay 'til Tuesday. Basically, I'm paying for a four day trip, but only really getting to use a day and a half.I think my friends will probably still talk me into going -- the trip has been a highlight of my social calendar the last two years. But with the price so high, the concerted effort to get rid of the marathon and make this a half-marathon only (at least that's what it seems to me) and the schedule adjustments that reduce the amount of time I actually get to hang out in Vegas, I don't know how many more years I'll make this a definite stop on my running destination list.And that's sad, because this could be an awesome race.
2	So, I just got back from running the 2011 race and my perspective on this one has changed quiet a bit. This is a fantastic novelty race or a race for the first timer! There is lots to look at, people are in awesome spirits, lots of other first timers that are there or there for "fun" but if you are trying to PR or do a PB, forget it. There are way too many people on the course - the first year there were 25,000 runners, give or take a few thousand, this year there were 44,000 runners...I spent soooooooooooooo much time trying to leap around runners, walkers, baby joggers, a few cycles that I think were there for safety or flat out stuck behind people due to zero openings to pass. My side glutes will serve as a testimony to that as it was similar to trail running and dodging nooks and crannies. I exerted way too much energy just trying to stay safe because if I wasn't trying not to trip on someone, I was trying to not be tripped on. Aid was crazy...I opted not to get any because of the mass of people, thankful for the 6 jolly ranchers I packed and for loading on sodium and Gatorade.Aspects of the race that I really loved about the 2011 race is that it was held at night - the conditions were perfect, but I love running in the evening and in cooler temps. I had the opportunity to fuel perfectly and not be up at 4am for a morning race to make sure I was ready to rock. All the hotels were lit, people had AMAZING costumes on and just wonderful spirits. I had a flup up with my registration (which I'm still trying to figure out) and the Competitor staff was amazing and accommodating so that I could still run...that I *really* appreciate it! Expo was pretty cool as usual too - RnR continues to be my favorite of expos.If you are considering a first time race....DO IT, or if you just want a "fun" no pressure race - great choice, but if you are mentally stuck in your head to do well or want to be able to move without stepping on someone or being stepped on....skip it....unless you're in the elite class and naturally ahead of the pack. They're hoping for a 100k runners next year...uh yea, unless it's on the highway...no thanks.
1	Everything from my previous review no longer applies.  Except for my tips about carrying a camera and a small plastic bag for food and water at the finish.  In 2010, when I wrote my first review, the race was limited to 28,000 runners.  It was crowded but not too horrific.  This year, Las Vegas and the race organizers apparently got greedy and allowed 44,000 runners to enroll.  That is way too much.  Next year, they want to have 60,000 runners.  Not a good idea.  In the interest of being concise, here were the problems with the 2011 race and why I will not run this again unless they get the number back down to 28,000:1. The race organizers listed on the website that runners and spectators could park at the Luxor or Excalibur.  But apparently, they failed to clear that with the casinos and the casinos would not let us in.  Stupid, stupid, stupid.2. The marathon started 1.5 hours before the half marathon and went out in the neighborhoods surrounding Mandalay Bay.  So when the marathon runners hit the strip after running the first 13 miles, unless they were extremely fast, they ran right into a wall of much slower half marathon runners.  That just sucks.3. It took forever to get out of the finish line corral area because it was backed up for pictures.  Just mug shots of the runners.  Nothing fun like pictures with showgirls like last year.4.  It took us over an hour to just get out of Mandalay Bay.  This is just walking out of the casino and does not include walking to the car, traffic, etc.  Mandalay Bay and/or the race organizers got the bright idea to schedule all this during National Final Rodeo and the opening weekend for Michael Jackson's The Immortal World Tour.  Piss poor planning all around.It's a real bummer that I can't do this race again.  I've been doing the half marathon ever since it has been on the Strip and I wanted to continue the tradition.  But unless the race organizers place the cap at something reasonable, I can't do it anymore.
3	I really wanted to give this race a higher rating, but I just couldn't do it.  Yep, another long review, but only because I want to make sure I hit everything...It started with completing the full in December 2009 (amazing)/pre-Rock n Roll, and I've since run the half for the last two years with friends.  I honestly like the atmosphere, but with the race having been changed to a night race and upping the registration fees ($170 at the highest) and amount of registrants to 44,000, I'm starting to second-guess my love of running this event.I went to the expo on Friday and was somewhat disappointed.  Yes, they had cool gear, but if you didn't get there early enough and put down an item that you were contemplating buying, kiss that sucker goodbye.  The clothes were amazing, but I just couldn't bring myself to pay that much for a shirt that I didn't know how many times I would actually wear.  The Brooks display was cool--carnival style games with skee-ball and a raffle.  I also checked out some of the shoes, but with a $10 discount on the Ghost 4 shoes, decided I'd wait it out for the newer version.  I'll admit that Zappos had a cool area where they took a series of 30 pictures and you could simulate crossing the finish line.  Afterwards, you could email it to yourself.  That was one of the most fun events that I happened to do there.There were some other sponsors that were doing the "sign up and get a prize bit"--Dodge, Nutrilife, SanDisk, Geico, Brooks, and the Spartan Race people--as well as other vendors giving samples--Cliff, MGD64, someone giving out tomatoes, Barefoot wines, Snickers, the egg white people, people with electrolyte tabs and goo/gels, and PR Bar, but I was disappointed that there weren't more samples (to balance out the amount of vendors).  I feel like the San Diego expo definitely had more.  Free is free though, right?The race: Props for getting us into the corrals and making sure that we were as organized as we could be, as well as blocking off areas (a cop held back an ambulance as we ran down Las Vegas Blvd) and directing traffic to other areas.  However, there was some confusion about the separation of corrals, location of the electrolyte drink was vs. the water at the aid stations.  I feel like they should have had the electrolyte drink better separated from the water, since I feel like I just ended up with water every single time.  They did have plenty of the Gu gels, so I was happy for that.    They had some cones with signs (when you could find them) designating where the half and full marathoners were supposed to run (in addition to bicyclers yelling where we were supposed to run).  While trying to maneuver through the crowds, it seemed almost impossible to get over to the correct areas, or even to pass people (walkers, marathoners, bikers, half marathoners, etc).  I honestly feel like I was running and looking at the ground so as to not trip over random articles of clothing, people, and wasn't able to enjoy myself as much.  I also was almost trampled a couple of times and I too ran into people while trying to pass.  To be honest, I seriously couldn't wait to be done with the race as a result of these factors.  l also feel like there were less photographers at this event, or it's possible that I missed them since I was more focused on finishing the race vs. posing.At the end, I was happy to just go and claim my medal (glow-in-the dark) and grab a mylar sheet so that I could warm up.  There was just a cluster of people gathered around all of the sheet stations, and it seemed like the sheets were going quicker than the rolls were being able to be set out.  They also had the standard post-race recovery supplies: waters, Cytomax, pretzel packs, bananas (needed to ripen a bit), Snickers bars, and Go Gurt.  The lines for the photo booths seemed to be lengthy, so I just opted to pass by and head directly to the meeting area, by the stage, and skipped out on the bags of ice distributed by the medical tent.  They had more of the golden tomatoes, some other Geico paraphernalia, and a few other vendors, but at this point, I just wanted to go inside and thaw out.  We headed inside of Mandalay Bay, but it seems like everyone had the same idea, since we got stuck in a huge group of people--some there to check out Mandalay Bay, but most of the others were either marathon/half marathon participants or spectators--almost like the post-race area migrated indoors.I did enjoy the energy of the volunteers and the spectators, although I believe that the spectators may have retreated indoors after awhile since it started getting colder, windy, and began to rain later on, which caused plenty of foot traffic  inside of Mandalay Bay.  I didn't have a chance to go to the pre or post-race parties (and probably never will) since I was pretty tired/hungry.A shout out to the tons of volunteers (race crew, medical, police officers).  Your support was appreciated.
1	My husband did the 2010 (daytime) and the 2011 (nighttime) half marathon, and I asked would you do this again? His response "No", I asked why? 2010 was well organized, while 2011 was complete chaos.Following reasons from family and friends:Nighttime brought out more inconsiderate people, and a number of these inconsiderate people were very careless, walking from the start in groups slowing down other runners around them, not listening when told to move to the side by the volunteers, and dead stopping when getting water as opposed to moving with the water.2011 brought in double the number of people (40K) as opposed to 20K back in 2010.Lack of separation of the numbered groups to start in between 5 minutes, instead it was seconds.The fInish line for a photo op within a 100 hundred feet from it? What were they thinking, photos could have been taken farther out so it didn't cause a complete dead stop at the finish line for the runners. Then the fire and safety hazard since marathoners were leaving from the outside going inside, and those waiting for the upcoming show created this mob of people who couldn't move when they crossed paths by the event center, and 911 had to be called.The greater profit margins overrode public safety.
2	Because I have never perceived myself as a runner,  completing this half marathon was among my proudest accomplishments of my life.   I'm glad that I ran this as my first half marathon, but I recognize that a lot of the planning was not great for this 2011 race.   This year they upped the race from 26000 to 44000.  Next year they plan to have 60000 at the race.The problem was that they weren't really prepared to crowd-control these numbers.  They were unable to enforce corrals, so slow people started the race with people who aimed to run sub two hour half marathons.   As a result, throughout the entire 13.1 mile race, I swerved through endless streams of people that were walking in the middle of the street and even in the marathon runners' lane.   For those who ran the marathon....I'm sure they were even more upset.  Running 26.2 miles is already difficult.  You don't want to dodge and weave around people for that whole duration.  Unfortunately, people didn't have the common sense and consideration to move to the right if they needed to walk.  Don't people realize that for races of this length, this is dangerous?   So this really, really killed my energy as I got to my final 3 miles.   The post-race planning was a problem as well.  They had organized shuttles to take people to their hotels.  The problem was that there were many people who finished at 7:00-7:30, who didn't make it back to their rooms till midnight.  There are also many complaints of slow medical response time for people who passed out post-race.If they intend to expand the race next year, they probably have to  (1)  make this exclusively a half marathon race (2)  they should probably start everyone at once.   Because there were corrals, I started 30 minutes after the initial group and I was passing up people the entire race.  Had we started as a group....the group would have spread out over time.   And without corrals, they could increase the time limit for the half to 5-6 hrs so people don't panic about not being able to finish.(3)  They should probably make a lane for walkers, runners, and for marathon runners.  More importantly, they need to figure out how to educate casuals about running etiquette in order to ensure safe race conditions.(4) Establish partnerships with local restaurants and food trucks.  Many buffets/restaurants in Vegas surprisingly close at 10pm.  There were tens of thousands of hungry people searching for food.  There's a lot of potential revenue to be made...restaurants would jump at the opportunity to get cash from this opportunity. The positives were that:1)  It was awesome to be able to run through the middle of the strip at night.2)  They had GU and lots of water stations, but there were so many people that it was hard to access these water points.3)  Weather was perfect for running.  Except for when it sprinkled for a few minutes.  It was about 40F...dress accordingly.4)  Plenty of handouts post-race.   I want to echo the sentiments of another reviewer here....put a grocery bag in your pocket during this race so that you could take home some nice swag.  I was so tired that I was only to carry a handful of energy bars and drink bottles.  Couldn't help myself to the bananas or warm drinks or anything because one can only hold so much.   Especially when it's so cold out.5)  The medal was really nice.Overall...I was proud to have had the chance to run this race and I'm proud of what I was able to accomplish.   But I feel that they really have to make some modifications in order to improve the safety and logistics of this event.  If they advertise that they aim to host 60,000 people in 2012, then definitely take a second glance at whether they take steps to improve the logistics/planning of that event.
1	I enthusiastically agree with my fellow Yelpers on how the RnR LV Marathon & Half Marathon was conducted.  I didn't run the marathon but I came here to support my friend who was running it.  Just to drop him off at the Convention Center on Saturday was already a pain in the ass!  Cars were circling the blocks trying to pick up people who were going inside to pick up their registration packets.  Once again, RnR in general gets a big fat F from me because they won't allow anyone besides the runner himself/herself to pick up the packet.  My friend had to walk a half mile away just so I can avoid the cluster of cars near the entrance.It didn't help having the rodeo in town too but I actually enjoyed seeing men and women cowboys walking around proudly in their hats.  As for the race itself, my friend did OK but he cramped up around the 10 mile mark.  He literally was experiencing flu like chills when he returned to our hotel room because he didn't get any of those heat wraps that they were giving out.  The room temp was 70 degrees and he was freezing?  The whole running the strip at night experience idea?  Good idea on paper but not practical.  Of course, most of the runners were looking for a place to rest and eat dinner after the race and with the Mandalay Bay buffet closing at 9:45pm, we had to hassle through the throngs of race finishers who are walking out of the cold and into the Mandalay Bay shopping place.  I saw that the Burger Bar had a two hour wait for a table!  A RnR race should be more fun than unpleasant and based on what I witnessed myself on the day as well as the opinions of actual racers, the race planners only showed that they can't handle an event of this size.  They seriously need to make the runner's experience a higher priority over their bottom line revenue.
1	This was my first 1/2 marathon but, I have ran many races in the Washington state area and have talked to a good deal of other racers who feel this race was a complete disaster.   The signs for separating marathoners and the" halfers" was not very clear, making it a very difficult run for fast marathoners. There was only one electrolite replacement station along the way. The picture taking after finishing the race clogged the finish line area so bad that people who just wanted to get warm and out of the cold were inadvertently made to stand and wait for no reason at all.The Gear Check area was terribly inaccessible with countless scores of people crowding each other with along with separate Micheal Jackson convention revelers and National Finals Rodeo folks all vying for the same convention hallway. In my estimation there must have been  40 to 50 runners who fell ill in these hallways due to hypothermia and dehydration.They ran out of half marathon medals. The organizers said afterwards that "The race was a complete success" but if you ask many people who ran the race, there would be a completely different point of view. The organizers need to cap this race with 10,000 fewer runners and draw up a more fluid and practical Race. I do want to thank all the people who volunteered, they were greatly understaffed.
1	So many things went wrong on the half-marathon I don't know where to begin.  I would probably start with how the organization of corals was so poorly put together.  There were 40 corals, yet no one patrolling the corals so people were able to walk in and out as pleased.  So instead of having 12000 runners in front of me planning on running just as fast if not faster.  I had thousands of walkers trying to get a head start since no one was patrolling anything.  This led to a further run right off the bat since everything was over crowded to begin with.The second problem came with the course itself.  Not only was the course .4 miles longer than it was suppose to be, but you go through some rough areas where the gravel hasn't been patched or fixed in years.  There was no where near enough lighting and all the waterstations had one person per table meaning chaos at the water stations.  And for it being a rock'n'roll marathon (miles 5-8) only had one band and that was at Freemont St.  In some of the places that would have been nice to have music you're stuck with dark shady areas that you wouldn't want to run through during the day.I know it can be hard to organize something like this and to think of all the things that can go wrong.  But when you have two shows exiting the convention center and a half and full marathon finishing at about the same times there needs to be more control to the flow of traffic.  What scares me is that they were talking about getting the number of participants to 100,000 when they didn't even do a sub-par job organizing for 45k.  I will definately cross this race off any future consideration.As fast as the course is both my sister and I dropping 8+ minutes off our personal best (1:34 and a 2:13)  despite the course being longer.  The freezing air standing before and after the race is not fun and finishing a race and not having anywhere to go and being herded like cows for two hours trying to exit the area was even worse.  Its sad when it takes longer to exit the hotel than it did for you to run a race.The only way I would consider running this race again is when I hear that the coordinator of the event steps down and someone who actually knows how to manage a race of this size (i.e. Boston, NY or Chicago).  Vegas shouldn't have jumped as much as it did while changing the venue from morning to night.  Its called research and they did a poor job at organizing an event that should have been fun.
2	I signed up for this race with my friend just to experience RNR Vegas and the fact we get to run the strip at night. I felt it was poorly organized. There weren't any room inside the corral, so we had to wait outside fenced areas. You had to either squeeze yourself through the fence or pry the fence open in order to get inside the corral. This race felt like an obstacle course. There were just way too many runners. I had to watch my footing, articles of clothing on the ground, weave myself though walkers and bicyclist yelling at runners telling them where to run. Couldn't they stand out of the way or something, like the sidewalk?!?!  Passing through the water station was the worse part because it was dark. If you didn't watch where you were going, you could've easily slipped and fall. Bless the hearts of the volunteers. The cones on the ground were hazardous. There were not enough lighting by the port-a-potty (before mile 8). THe post race was the awful, especially those green bananas. Did they think that the bananas would ripen by race day or maybe the cold, windy weather would make it turn yellow?!?! I had fun running with my friend, but would I run this race again, NOOOOO WAYYY!!!! The only great thing about this trip was booking our room at Luxor and paid less than $200 for 2 nights.
1	As someone who volunteered for this fiasco, rather than running in it, I noticed quite a few problems, which I detailed in a letter to Competitor Group. (No response, of course...) 1) At one point I was asked to guard a barrier to ensure people did not get into the finish line area, and was told to send people the long way around (20+ minutes of walking, since you had to wade through all the runners exiting the secure area)... That would be fine, if they didn't try to keep family members from getting to their relatives in the medical tents when there were emergencies. I actually had to get an EMT to override a staff member's decision to get a man to his wife in Medical Tent 1.2) A man face-planted right near the finish line, and was having a heart attack. Medical personnel was called apparently, and no one showed up for several minutes. A man came up to me panicking about it, and I actually had to track down EMT staff to go help the guy suffering from a heart attack. 3) Staff members constantly gave conflicting information. This was nothing short of a cluster-fuck. 4) Volunteer coordinators at the booth were rude and unhelpful. After asking 3 times where the group I had come with was, I finally said to the person "I'll go find them myself." because she kept trying to herd my husband and I into a fenced off area behind the volunteer tent. I later found out that they had kept several people here for well over an hour... so much for being understaffed on volunteers. They also repeatedly yelled and screamed at volunteers who arrived later during the marathon due to their work schedules. 5) The secure area was very small, and shortly after the first few people crossed the finish line, there was a huge wall of them coming through. This has been complained about in enough reviews. 6) Volunteers were lied to by Competitor Group. We were promised a "delicious dinner buffet at Mandalay Bay" for our efforts. What we actually got was not being informed about the food being put out, and it was just some stone cold/rock hard pizza, cold chicken fingers and some room temperature coffee. 7) Staff were unaware of what races the handicapped marathoners were running, and so volunteers were instructed to rush over to them and give them their medal when they arrived... except... they were given half marathon medals when they did the full marathon. Very disrespectful. I definitely do not think I'll be volunteering there again. I feel even worse for the people who paid money to participate in this... :(
1	What a disaster!!!   I mean that in a literal way.  From start to finish this race was a safety hazard for thousands and thousands of people.  Massive crowds that were poorly managed...dark streets in seedy areas with huge potholes....few bathroom facilities along the way (saw more than a few men peeing in the street)...a debacle at Mandalay Bay that was so horrific I saw little babies crying because they couldn't breath in the crowd.  What happened????  This was a fabulous race last year but this year was unforgivable.  I won't be back.
2	This was my first half marathon and it was terrible! I don't think you can have a successful race with 44,000 people! It was way too many people!  As another racer said it was poorly run and organized. The marathoners and half marathoners were running the same course. Most of the halfers tried to stay to the side but there were many that didn't or couldnt because there were too many people!! When I was done it took me 90 minutes to get from my the secure zone to my car! Ridiculous! They should cut off the number of people at a reasonable number. My run tracker said I ran over 14 miles and it was all because I was weaving in and out of people! Craziness. I wouldnt do this race again unless there are less people
2	This was my third Vegas rock and roll -- last year I ran the full and had a terrific experience. The year prior I ran the half. I was so excited -- elated, actually -- about the opportunity to run a race on the Las Vegas Strip at night for the first time. A friend  ran with me - which was great because we were able to navigate and dodge some of the crowds (before/after/during) together.  I had a strong run, but found it to be really chaotic.  WIth the increased number of runners, plus volunteers, plus supporters, plus tourists and many events in town the same evening/weekend those running (and race organizers) faced some surprises. In all fairness, big crowds sometimes make me a bit crazy and running at night and running in the cold isn't really my "thing."   I feel strongly that the opportunity to run at night in Vegas is unmatched and also feel confident that based on feedback received, the city and the race organizers will do what it takes to make necessary improvements and this will be a much better experience for everyone running in 2012. Huge races like this are exciting and can be fun, but some runners are better suited to (and enjoy) smaller races.
5	I did not run but I did hand out cow bells for Delivering Happiness and that was very fun.  I loved seeing all the first time marathoners and those in creative get ups.  Sorry if was a bummer for the hard core set.
1	This being my first race truly tainted my entire expectation and experience. I have a lot of friends who have raced other RnR events, and also this one last year and all of them had glowing words to say about their experience. I am wondering what happened this year? Did the organizers get greed? Bit off more than they can chew? For whatever reason, this is one to avoid in the future.1. Sanitation issues through out the course. Volunteers (god bless them) were scooping water from bins lined with trash bags. A lot of runners were sick after the race.. It was a puke fest at the finish line, inside the Mandalay Bay, and on cab lines. I had to all of a sudden throw up at the lobby of the Luxor (oops sorry) .2. Picture taking right at the finish line, blocking all runners from taking shelter from the cold!? Are you kidding me?!? There was a stand still at the finish line because of this. And to replenish out bodies, we were provided the greenest bananas they can find! 3. Stand still for 2 hours inside the Mandalay BAy. Fire hazard! Medics could not get to people in need. Runners throwing up everywhere. The new Michael Jackson Cirque show also had its opening weekend. So while 44k plus runners were trying to leave the hotel, it was welcomed by 8-10K plus show goers either exciting the show or trying to catch the 10pm show. Poor planning!4. Ran out of medals!?!? Can you imagine training for moths and not get one at the finish. I know it seems childish cause "its just a medal" but seriously folks the reason why they ran out, was because they over sold the event! peace out.
1	My Experience...as written on my FB page...As most of you know I participated in the Zappos Las Vegas Marathon and 1/2 Marathon. As an avid runner I am not one to speak ill of any type of running event but in this case I can not actively support this event to the running comminity. I PR'd but it was through my own sheer will power. This event may have been one of the worst experiences of my life. It was a mean race from the beginning. There were 44K people all trying to get to the same place. It was chaos at best. I still managed to keep a positive attitude even though people were pushing and shoving trying to get to their corrals...by the way I never did make it to mine I started in 13 instead of 12. They decided against the wave start and pretty much let everyone go at once. 1/2 marathoners merged with marathoners and I am sure those poor marathoners felt like they hit a brick wall and dreams of a PR were dashed. As far as starting in the right corral no one really bothered and walkers lined the streets...I will admit I was mad myself I just could not understand their thoughts, it was zig zag stop start I am sure I ran far more then 13.1 miles that day. There were not enough port O potties and the bands of a Rock and Roll Marathon were awful. They ran out of medals at the finish and shirts at the expo. If you can imagine though this story gets worse.The finish line was chaos and their was no way to kick to the finish without taking out 37 people. As I crossed the finish line I became dizzy and nauseated. It wasn't right I am an experienced runner...I was fueled and hydrated...I took in water, electrolytes and GU...but it was all I could do to keep my wits about me. I got water and electrolytes and my Mylar...and took myself to the safest place I could find...where I wouldnt be trampled or run over...first a port o potty and then when I gathered strength...inside the Mandaly Bay and into a restroom stall with the door locked...I was safe from what would happen next. The Mandaly Bay became insanely packed with 44K runners...many sick, vomiting and passing out. Medical teams could not get in or out people were in a panic, rioting...all the while I laid in a bathroom stall violently ill with no idea what to do...with my parents trying to navigate their way to me through a closed Vegas strip. After three hours of passing in and out of consciousness I knew the only safe way out of this bathroom was to go by ambulance. It took over an hour for them to get to me...thankfully my mom and dad also arrived. They picked me up off the floor and I finally, after four hours, felt safe.I hate how mean this event was...I hate that I was part of this event...I hate that marathoners said mean things to half marathoners and half marathoners said mean things to walkers...I am thankful that I was there with my cousin and Carolyn who never left my side...I am thankful my parents arrived when they did...and I am thankful that I was lucky enough to put myself out of harms way and keep myself safe when this event put me in danger. As it turns out we were given fire hydrant water that was put into lines trash cans and scooped out into cups by the bare hands of volunteers....thoughtful of them I guess. My labs were clear and as I suspected my electrolytes were fine and I had mild dehydration...clearly I had just run 13.1 miles. I can really only blame the water I was given. The Competitor Group Inc who runs the Rock and Roll Series made a lot of mistakes and Mandaly Bay more then jeopardized the well being of over 45 K people. I can honestly say I will never run in Vegas and anyone considering should read the reviews on marathonguide.com and everything posted on Rock and Roll Las Vegas marathon and half marathon FB page. If you do run don't check your gear...have loved ones at the finish...stay at the Mandaly Bay...get to your corral early...get done with the race and get out of there...and bring your own GU and water.I hope this helps someone...
3	I did not do this race last year, so I have nothing to compare it to.  Apparently last year was much better from what I'm seeing from the recent reviews.We came in on the day of the race so we did not get to experience the Expo.  However for same day bib pick up it was an extra $40 on top of the $120 race fee.  Ouch.The goodie bag was not great.  Some GU gels, a snickers bar and lotion.  With the amount of money we paid, you'd expect more free stuff.  I did like the shirts however.I do agree that they did a poor job coordinating the marathoners with the half marathoners.  If I had run the full marathon I would have been pissed about running into a bunch or slow runners and walkers.  They had a separate lane for marathoners, but it was only separated by cones which were largely ignored.  The bands were OK.  Some of them took breaks throughout the race, so all together I saw maybe three bands.  The post race was a disaster.  There was a bottleneck at the camera booth which you had to go through to get out of the race area.  All the activities were outside and it was 30 degree temps.  There was a convention center at the Mandalay Bay and they could have easily fit everyone inside.  Instead everyone made a mad dash back to the hotel lobby which was just a chaotic mess.They did have plenty of snacks at the end; water, pretzels, bagels, etc available for the finishers.  But this is Vegas.  Where is the complimentary cocktail or beer?  Nope, beers are $4 and you have to drink them in the frigid temperatures.  Give me a break.I do give it three stars because when do you ever have the opportunity to run up and down the strip?  That in itself is priceless.
1	Running through the neon lights of the Strip at night.  A fun adventure for family and friends to tag along. It's an alluring concept.  I can see runners still signing up DESPITE THE HORRENDOUS REVIEWS FROM THIS YEAR. If you're one of those brave (or foolish?) runners, go prepared.  Here are my tips on what I'd do differently, if I only knew! 1.  TAG ON VACATION DAYS AFTER THE RUN, not before. The run is Sunday, so it's tempting to want to have a vacation weekend by arriving early.  But if you're a serious runner, you can't drink, you can't overindulge in foods out of your routine, you shouldn't smoke second-hand--you basically won't get to do any of the things that make Vegas fun!2. LINE UP YOUR PRE-RACE MEALS AHEAD OF TIME--and have back-up plans anyway!  Room service at the hosting hotel (Mandalay Bay) on race day was 1.5 hours backed up.  The line for most restaurants and buffets in the vicinity was about 1 hour just to get seated, with food service delayed.  Even the ready-to-eat carbs were mostly gone at the cafe--I grabbed the very last sandwich and scone at 11:55am, 4 hours before the race!  I suggest pre-ordering room service the night before or making reservations AND placing your order at one of the non-buffet restaurants beforehand, and still have a couple of back-up PBJ sandwiches and bananas just in case things don't work out.3. LINE UP DINNER POST-RACE AHEAD OF TIME. Getting out of the race area took hours, after which it took more hours to find food.  I suggest arranging for room service ahead of time to avoid the mess of people.4. AVOID GEAR CHECK. It was a disaster trying to retrieve items at the end.  For race start, your friends/family can go all the way to the corrals with you, so you can hand them your jackets then.  Or just buy something from the thrift store you can throw away.  For race end, grab plenty of space blankets, and have family/friends bring you lots of warm layers (and a thermos of hot chocolate perhaps!).5. CHECK OUT THE FINISH AREA AHEAD OF TIME, and scout a way back to your hotel or a meeting spot that is FAR AWAY from the shortest/main route indoors.  This was a major disaster as all the runners and their family and friends headed towards the Mandalay Bay after the run--understandably so, as it was COLD.  But the jam just to get to my room (at the Mandalay Bay) was almost 1 hour.  Not only annoying--but seriously DANGEROUS.  Many runners passed out.  As the runners mixed in with the Vegas revelers in the crowd, I kept worrying--one drunken scream of fire, and there would have been a major stampede.6. HAVE ENOUGH OF YOUR OWN WATER FOR THE ENTIRE RACE.  Many runners got sick this year because the water handed out by volunteers was very unsanitary (from big trash cans).7. FULL MARATHONERS, MAKE YOUR TIME AS MUCH AS YOU CAN IN THE FIRST HALF.  The second half, just be mentally prepared that you'll be merging into 40,000+ half-marathoners.  You'll find out how narrow the Strip really is.  (The half marathon starts 1.5 hours after the full, on the exact same course.  Unless you're an elite who can run the first half in less than 1.5 hours, you can't avoid the merge fiasco.) 8. BETTER YET, JUST DO THE HALF MARATHON INSTEAD.  The first half is through industrial Vegas--you might as well be in Detroit.  Only the 2nd half is on the Strip, and if you're fast, you can maybe outrun the crowds and the merge fiasco.9. WEAR A HEADLAMP.  There were stretches of dark areas--both in the first half and second half--with serious potholes.  (They gave one out as a freebie this year, but failed to mention its necessity in any communications to runners before the race.)10. BOOK YOUR MASSAGE SEVERAL WEEKS AHEAD OF TIME as they fill up.  If not, call the morning of and see if there's a cancellation (that's how I got mine).  I highly recommend the Spa at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay, as they have hot and cold tubs you can soak in before/after your massage.
1	This was the WORST race I have had the misfortune of participating in. It was extremely dangerous due to overcrowding and no policing of the starting corrals. I spent the majority of the time trying not to trip or be tripped by other runners, or trip over the sloppily placed parking cones. I saw at least 3 people seriously fall alongside of me. Additionally, the volunteers scooping water (rumored to be from a fire hydrant - which is not necessarily potable) bare handed out of a large container is disgusting and a great way to spread disease as I'm sure many runny noses were present in that weather (I am always thankful for race volunteers though, and I'm sure this was a Management call that was out of the volunteer's control). The finish line was chaotic and I was only able to grab a single energy bar as I was being herded by the mass pileup of people trying to get into Mandalay Bay. The scene inside Mandalay Bay was chaotic and dangerous as a fire would have endangered thousands of lives. I was nauseated and it took over 4 hours for me to get back to my hotel room and find something to eat. I will NEVER participate in this event again and I may NEVER participate in another RNR series again. I can't believe there are even thoughts of expanding the number of people to 60k next year... that is ridiculous! One of my favorite parts of the race that was ruined for me were the race photographs. I saw 2 photographers during the entire half marathon course, 2... that is ridiculous for a crowd of 44k people. Needless to say, I have no pictures of me during the race and only one of me crossing the finish line that is so far away it is hard to see. Because of the cluster at the finish line I didn't even get to take my medal picture.   With the money I spent on flight, hotel, exuberant RACE FEE, etc. I was highly disappointed in this event. Besides the fact that we were on the strip and the enthusiasm of other racers who dressed up in costume, nothing about this race screamed Las Vegas and was fun, entertaining, or worth doing again. I can guarantee that neither I nor the other people in my group will be doing this race again.
1	Largest Night Race in the World.Shooting for titles is fine, we are runners, it is what we (they) do.But you have to do it right. This event was so poorly organized that it was borderline dangerous, and overall extremely stressful and frustrating. Looking back on it I don't even understand how they let that cluster-fuck happen (there is really no other word to describe the conditions we had to face pre-, during and post-race).44,000 people is a lot. And that can be fine if the crowd is handled properly. But try to channel them PLUS their families through three doors at the back of a hotel and you'll see what happen: chaos. Of the most horrible kind. I shudder at what might have happened in the event of a fire alarm of any other kind of emergency.I was lucky enough to not have to deal with gear check - that looked like apocalypse.Even the running part of the race was a mess. Corrals were extremely difficult to get to, crowded with non-runners and poorly delimited. I crossed the starting line a good 35 minutes after the first participants, and I ran my first mile at a 15:45 pace. Needless to say - I usually WALK much faster. I was so frustrated that I wanted to punch someone but it got slightly better, and I just kept on running - trying to enjoy the lights and sounds of the Strip. I must have run a total of 15 miles slaloming between people, and I am perfectly aware that it is how it goes in larger races but this was just downright ridiculous.There is more, though:1. Water stations were located on both sides of the course. People were converging from every side, tripping over each other.2. There was no Gatorade whatsoever, contrary to what was announced on the website.3. I usually carry my water with me, but decided not to do it this time. Must have been my lucky day because I consumed the water provided by the organizers and didn't get sick despite the fact that it WAS PUMPED FROM HYDRANTS INTO GARBAGE CANS. A lot of people got violently ill during the race...4. ...on the street because porter potties were so scarce. I remember seeing them at two different locations. That's it.5. Marathoners started 90 minutes before half-marathoners, but there was really no point since the two races converged on the Strip at the busiest point. That slowed down everyone; forget about breaking personal records under such circumstances. Especially with parking cones scattered everywhere to try to separate the two different races.6. Post-race snacks were out of reach. I was carried away by the flow, and miraculously stopped by the banana stand. All of them were unripe, and impossible to eat. What a waste.7. Medical assistance was ineffective, and came late in several cases. The MC had to yell out repeatedly for someone to come over and help a man who was having a heart attack. I am not even joking.8. The pictures  of runners taken along the course are worthless. I cannot even find myself on most of them. And the cheapest one goes for $29.95. Yeah right.9. It took me exactly 3 hours between the time I crossed the finish line and the moment I was able to sit down for dinner. No offense to Mandalay Bay - but it became synonymous with hell on earth for many of us.So please, please, please. Read, listen and think. Don't open the race to 60,000 people next year or it will get really ugly.No need to say - I am done with the RNR series whose only concern is to make money out of runners ($135 registration fee, empty goodie bag and a $40 supplement to pick up your packet on race-day....really?!?) at all costs.What a shame.
1	It was a night time run this year with 44,000 runners plus their spectators. Imagine about 80,000 people on the strip. I saw people getting into arguments and almost fighting because we were all struggling to fit on the strip. It was a potentially dangerous situation had someone fallen down they would've been trampled. Many people didn't even get to start with their coral because it was too many to even fit. There were runners still inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel 25 minutes after starting because it was just so crowded. I don't think the organizers were expecting the number of people that showed up. I wouldn't attend this one again.
1	First off- it needs to be said that there were plenty of people who volunteered and worked hard in the pre-race events and during the race itself.  To those who volunteered and actually gave a damn, thank you, and I'm sorry you had to be associated with such a mess.I should also point out that I was a late scratch on the race itself due to a knee issue, but was one of thousands of active supporters of those who did run.  It too was a mess for us too.From my perspective, this was a very poorly thought out and executed race.  Sure, a race of this size is bound to have issues, but there is such a thing as growing too fast for your own good.Growing pains and constructive feedback will hopefully lead to either a) a scaled back race next year, or b) much better organization from the pre-race packet pick-up to the post-race funneling of runners through treatment, recovery and meeting points for family and friends.Considering R'nR is a for-profit organization, was more than happy to brag about running the largest night race ever (with one of the finishing line MCs stating they expect to be even larger next year), and is notorious for poorly run events, my guess is there will be plenty of issues next year.I'm of the mind that if you fool me once, shame on you.I'm not about to be fooled again by R'nR.Neither should you.
3	It really wasn't *that* bad, but definitely could of been better.  Only did the half and I had fun but I will admit it was like watching an aftermath of nuclear fallout post-race with everyone in their mylars passing out everywhere.The biggest problem was just trying to get to the start line and to your corral.  It made sense that the rodeo was in town as well as we were getting herded around like cattle within the hallways of Mandalay Bay.  Funny, yet dangerous situation to see a wave of runners coming at a head w/ a huge group of cowboys (we're talking thousands of us).  If there was any panic I could see some serious trampling here.  We were at a standstill for at least 10 minutes before someone shouted for us to use the stairs.  Once we got through that, it wasn't a problem getting to the staging area.  Same problem when leaving the race as well...- Get better directions / traffic controlWTF was with the lack of bands?  Having run the SJ RNR, there was plenty of music. By the time we made the turn to head by down the strip, bands were already packing up...- Get bands that actually intend to rock it out for the night.Would I go again?  Yes, cause it's Vegas bro.  I'm a fan of the RnR series, will be in AZ and Pasadena as well.  And I'm still training for zombies.  But just some tips for those that might want to do this next year:- get there early.  No way I'm gonna be stuck in the halls of Mandalay again.- dress appropriately.  It'll be ok during the run, but after the finish that cold hits HARD.  Or just bring your cute little PMB to warm you up after.- stay on the Mandalay side of the strip.  It'll be a nightmare trying to get back to your hotel afterward.- don't expect to run for time.  This ain't the race to do it.  I'm not a hardcore runner at all so I don't expect it anyway.  Just have fun!
2	I ran in the 2011 half this year.   Here is my experience last weekend:I was excited about this run. EXPO/PACKET PICK UP: Pro: Knowlegdable and confident staff.  I got in line at "solutions" since two of us had the same name, the line went quick, the lady was also confident and knowledgable and made it very easy for me.  The rest was easy.  I knew what to do and when to do it.Con: It was difficult to find the expo for packet pick up, there were no signs and several people were in the casino at the Venetian just as lost as we were.  Once we got to the expo, there wasn't much instruction on what to do at first, luckily there were so many people we just followed everyone else.  PRE RACE: Pro: Not much.Con: Chaotic.  Mandalay Bay had there "Cowboy Christmas"  ending as the half marathoners were heading outside because the race was about to start.  Once we got through the crowd, we head over to our starting corrall.  While passing corrall 12 the crowd just stopped.  A few minutes later we were in the same spot so we shimmied our way into corrall12 along with many other slower runners who couldn't get to there corrall's either.RACE:  Pro: Lights and music.Con: Imagine 40,000+ people running all at different speeds.  Many because they couldn't get to there assigned corrall.  People were triping over eachother, cutting people off.  It was hard to keep a rythym.  I figured eventually it would get better.  It didn't.  The marathoners started coming through for their second lap on the exact same course.  Finally staff on bikes came through and told us that the little cones on the left were a divider for the different length races.  Marathoners on the left and half marathoners on the right.  They also told us slower traffic to the right.  Although I followed directions, I found many marathoners all over the half marathon section weaving around everyone.  My friend who was a faster half marathon runner, ran just to the right of the cones and said marathoners had no choice sometimes but to come into the half marathon section. WATER STOPS:  Pro: At first it wasn't that bad.  Con: About half way throught the race I noticed there was less and less water available.  To the point where one waterstop had only one table with volunteers filling up cups to the participants who were waiting in line.  END OF RACE: Con: Around mile 12 I started to feel dizzy, my vision was closing in on me and I had tingling hands that were hard to move. As I crossed the finished line I stopped running, hoping to reduce my speed to a fast walk but I unfortunately encountered a back up of finishers trying to get medals, water and food.  I slowely made my way to retrieve my medal and blanket all while barely standing up and walking I was so dizzy.  By myself and very agitated with the crowd, I cut across friends and family members to reach the meeting spot I had predesignated.   After only like 5 minutes, I was too cold and felt nauseas.  I had to get inside so I headed towards Mandalay Bay.  INSIDE:  I walked in through what I saw was the closest entrance.  Inside it was so crowded.  So many runners and their friends and family all trying to get into the casino.  It was a mad house.  I felt very sick.  I noticed others did too.  As I walked down the hall, I noticed many participants sick, ready to vomit, on the side sitting.  I took various breaks myself.  Eventually the crowd of people just stopped.  Moving a only a foot ever few minutes.  I felt so sick I had to sit down.  I called my husband who took an hour to get to me because of the crowd.  Apparently the Michael Jackson show was starting at the same time.  My husband was inside the casino trying to get to me.  He said he saw people getting into arguments and many medics attending to many victims.  I ended up throwing up.  A medic stopped by and asked me if I needed medical attention because she had too many people passing out she needed to get to.  Another lady said they took her friend to the hospital and the hospital was having trouble accomodating everyone.All in all, it has potential but needs better planning and either a cap on registration or a better plan to manage all the people by both the hotel and race organization.
1	Not much to say that hasn't already been said. It was cool to run on the strip at night, but that was about the best I can say about the race. Horribly planned and executed. Far too many runners, lack of port a potties on the course, water that made people (like me) vomit or have other GI distress, etc.If you want to run the strip at night, you can... for free. Just do it at an off hour on the sidewalks during the week or a non-busy weekend (do they exist there?). Don't spend the $150+ to be crammed like sardines with your fellow man or step on or be stepped on by them, etc.If you decide to run this, do not have any expectation that you will make a PR or PB. If this is important to you, you will be disappointed. It is nice that the RnR series really wants to appeal to/accommodate walkers and runners, but the walkers really f'ed things up for a lot of people who wanted to truly run this race.Also, as an aside, even if the slower people HAD gotten to their assigned corral, most of them lie about their finishing time so that they get into a lower numbered corral so that they have the time to finish the race. If Competitor and RnR are going to allow walkers at their races, they need to figure out that contradiction. Since the time limit is based on the gun time and not chip time, if a walker is honest about their time and they are put in a corral toward the end, they will get swept. Running groups like Team in Training and Team Challenge encourage their members to do this and word has gotten out or people just got smart. There's not such thing as on your honor.
1	I don't have any disagreements with the complaints listed below.  It was very poorly organized, and I feel like I was completely ripped off.  The one thing I will add is that I inquired with one of the Team Challenge leaders about why their participants (mostly leisurely walkers) were in corrals paced for a 2 hour finish time.  He told me that Competitor Group wanted all charity participants in corrals 17 - 19.  Why in the world a professional race organization would cram 8,000 people moving at a pace to complete in 4 hours in front of 20,000 people moving at at pace to compete in about 2 - 3 hours is completely beyond me.  It's completely disrespectful to those of us trying to move at our normal pace.  Weaving between orange shirted Team Challenge members walking 3 and 4 people across at a pace that would be too slow for my 80 year old Grandmother for the first 12 miles was completely frustrating.  I was never able to relax and enjoy the race, because I was constantly looking for ways around people.  Competitor Group is 100% responsible for this.  I won't do another Competitor event.  This is basic race logic.  Horrible, horrible race management.
1	If I could give them no stars, I would. It was so poorly organized and mismanaged. I will never run another RnR. The Vegas run was so bad -- people couldn't get to their proper corrals so faster runners were having to navigate around walkers and really slow runners. Talk about greed -- they doubled the capacity and this is the result. I second what others are saying -- felt like cattle. And to top it off, there was no possibility for a PR because of the pile-up of runners at the finish. They decided to have the medal distributors 10 ft. from the finish and there were so many people crossing that I came to a dead stop about 20 feet from the finish line. Unbelievable. The scene in the Mandalay Bay was scary. Couldn't get to gear check. My sister was supposed to run but wasn't feeling well in the smothering crowd. She threw up and was so sick she couldn't run, so she took my stuff.  I thought the San Diego RnR was bad with their horrific traffic back-up, lines that go on forever, making you walk over a mile to your car or stand in line for over an hour to get on a shuttle -- waiting and more waiting. I said I'd never do another Competitor Group race again. Now that is final. The Surf City Marathon in Huntington Beach is the way to go. What an amazing job they do. Seamless organization, beautiful course with ocean views. The weather is great. They know what they're doing.
2	BANANAS! Too many people. It was a fun run being it at night and all that jazz. I guess it depends on the mindset you have going into your race. I knew it was crowded and plowing thru a sh*!t ton of people was not an option. So, relax, run, and enjoy the scenery or should I say lights with the occasional gulp of GU. Yum, right? The post race organization was, well. . .unorganized to say the least. Too many people scooting thru the corridor in the Mandalay Bay trying to get out while the oncoming traffic of folks getting to the Michael Jackson tribute concert, the rodeo and Lion King in theater moved in an opposite direction making it literally impossible to move. I myself, became overheated and moved off to the side to find myself with my fiance watching a blob of people move to a stand still as people dropped likes fly's because one reason or another. Maybe claustrophobic, overheating, exhaustion and tested patients is what could have given people a reason to cry out "MEDIC!" as some one next to them dropped to the floor. Sad, really. Get it together events coordinators!
1	I came here hoping to have a great time with my cousins and friends, but the whole race was a disaster .  I've been to a few other Rock N Rolls ( i.e. San Antonio, Dallas ) , but this one was pretty poorly organized .Where should I begin ?1) The baggage check was way inside the Mandalay Bay , while the start/finish line was on the Strip .  It seemed like we walked about 1/2 mile to and from the baggage check .2) The half and full marathons merged eventually for about at least a 1/3 of the run .  That caused a lot of chaos for the full marathoners .3) They ran out of medals !  Luckily I got mine, but one of my cousins and her BF didn't get hers .4) The finish line was horrendous .  Normally people run/jog through the finish line, but I noticed a lot of people just stopping/waiting just to cross the finish line .  There was a pretty big bottle-neck .5) Once you finish the race and get your bags , it took another hour to get out of the hotel .There were 44K+ runners , so it was pretty crowded .  Was told that the organizers were actually aiming for 60K+ runners !  That would be ridiculous !I do appreciate the volunteers/officers that were out there cheering us on and handing out the water/sports drinks .Needless to say though, I won't be running this one again .
1	Pros: The AWESOME volunteers who worked their butts off for free and all the people cheering us on!!! All you good-hearted volunteers need to find a WORTHY CAUSE to volunteer next time!! A Children's home, a convalescent home; help the homeless...these people (RnR Marathon Las Vegas) are GREEEEEEEEDY!!!!I purchased airline tickets to come here, stayed 2 nights the Hard Rock, took Monday off from work and paid $150 to run this DISASTROUS CLUSTERF%$K of a race!!??!! Most disappointing thing was how I spent months training hard and sacrificing time with friends and family so I could truly do well on this race!! I couldn't even race it because there were TOO MANY PEOPLE!!!! Dodging bodies was what it was actually....the entire time!!!Rock n Roll Marathon Swag bags ran out so I got a lovely "Dodge" swag bag. REALLY??? DODGE???I will promptly give to first homeless person I see, filled with small toiletries and some food, since there was NO FRIKKEN SWAG TO GO INTO THIS BAG!!! I agree with almost everything else I've read:Mandalay Bay: It was pretty close to HELL on earth!!! Only we were freezing, and only fruit I saw was DARK GREEN BANANAS!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME???Stuck in a SEA of BODIES that were slowly moving. You are tired, hungry and want a bath, but all you can do is shuffle shuffle shuffle....for a frikken HOUR till you get out of the hotel. Then its time to wait in another cab line for an HOUR!!!Yet the cab driver looked at me like I was crazy when I said Hard Rock Hotel. He said how can I drive there?? Strip is still closed!!! Strip was supposed to have been open an hour earlier. So he took the freeway, which is way longer, btw, and guess what???? Freeway construction!!!! All lanes merged into one measly lane!!Did the race officials talk to anyone else in Las Vegas about this damn race or were they too busy counting their money???Never EVER will run one of their events again. People keep saying they were hoping for 60k people, but I distinctly heard him say at the opening ceremonies, that next year they are hoping to see 100k people!!! Greedy's not even the word to describe these people. Conniving is more like it. Making all that money and depending on all those good-hearted volunteers to work for free and your paying customers, the racers, you treat as if you're doing us a favor???You people are PATHETIC.
2	The infamy that arose from this race has been pretty widespread by now. But here's my take on how the race went.The way they formatted this marathon was pretty horrid. They started the full runners at 4pm and started the half runners at 5:30pm. They divided people up by corrals per your estimated completion time. I thought I'd finish the full in 4:20, so they put me in Corral 8 for the full. For the Halfers, since there were 38,000 signed up, they had up to 41 waves.By the time I made it to the 2nd half, they had just let the final corral go, so I automatically ran into the walkers. The final corral consists of the slowest people, naturally. Runner's etiquette is that if you're slow, you hang to the right. None of these people knew of this apparently. Also, there was a 6 foot wide area for full marathoners to run [since we'd be going at a faster speed than the half marathoners at that point] while the rest of the Strip was dedicated to the Halfers. Halfers did not adhere to these boundaries and a whole bunch of walkers and slow runners made their way to the full marathon area.Another annoyance is that water support was on the left curb of the Strip, to the left of the full marathon lane. Therefore, if half marathoners needed water, they stampeded through the full marathoners' lane.So yeah, I played human Frogger from mile 14 to mile 22. 8 miles of bobbing and weaving after already having run 13 miles was not exactly ideal. That being said, it was a great experience and I had a great run. I think, personally, I did my best, but I could have done better. I am very happy with my time and am looking forward to March, the next time I run a marathon.What's ridiculously crazy is that there were about 37,000 people that finished the race [out of 44,000 that signed up], add friends and family.. there were that many people stacked up at the Mandalay Bay. That, combined with the debut weekend showing of the Michael Jackson 'Immortal' show letting out at the same time that the marathoners were wrapping up their run, it was absolute chaos. The shut down the Strip until 10pm, so there was crazy traffic there. Then there was a shortage of cabs. The water they were supplying during the race was hydrant water. They used trashcans to store the water and hoses to distribute the water, so people were getting sick left and right. Someone posted on the Facebook wall an MSNBC article pointing out the top 10 worst cities to drink their water. Las Vegas was #3, lol.People were puking and passing out left and right, fights were breaking out over the cabs, it was pretty crazy. People on the Facebook wall were saying that there are hundreds of suits waiting to happen.I think this race is best kept as a half marathon and will likely return next year to run the halfie, since the halfie experience was not nearly as bad as the full-marathoners' experience.
1	Won't be running this again... negatives out-numbered the positivesPositives:1) Running under the lights in Las Vegas was a cool experience2) It's Vegas, there's lots to do before and after the race... good times.Negatives (in no particular order):1) Corrals were not enforced... people who wanted to walk during the first mile should not have started up front with the elite runners... 2) Lack of volunteers to guide crowds and keep people informed3) Not enough shirts at registration... blamed on running at night.  Don't believe this for a second. You have X runners, you order X+1 number of shirts...4) Swag bag was lacking5) Timing of race (sunday night) + strip closed an extra 1-2 hours + lousy post-race food = very few places for thousands of hungry runners to eat afterwards6) Quite simply, everything about this race was too crowded and poorly executed to justify the cost involved.  Oh yeah, and they made me pay to get my splits sent to friends... talk about nickel and dimed7) After recruiting several friends to run with me, I got left off the email list with the final info, including the one with the waiver attached....not cool.I can't speak to the water issue, and I won't give away my secret for eating well afterwards (hint, I got in a cab at NY,NY and headed west on Tropicana)... but unless I get an apology and an assurance that they will make some serious improvements, I won't be participating in this race, especially if they plan to increase the number of runners.
2	Las Vegas was my 6th marathon and the worst organized marathon I have ever run.  There were just too many people for the amount of accomidations provided.  Many people suffered because of that.  BUT Rock n Roll peeps sent out repeated emails afterwards expressing their concern and apologized and were open to suggestions.  I just ran the Rock n Roll in Pheonix 2 days ago and WOW did they make up for the mess that happened in Las Vegas.  I decided to run both Las Vegas and Pheonix to earn my Desert Double Down Metal and to also put my marathon career to an end.  Pheonix Rock n Roll Marathon was Awesome!  It was every marathoners' dream set up.  I have to give credit to the Rock n Roll organizers because they showed what a real marathon should be.  Thank you for owning up to all the mishaps in Las Vegas and shining through 5 weeks later in Pheonix.
2	Having just finished the Tinkerbell Half, a very well executed race, I had flashbacks of the Vegas Rock N Roll Half, and was reminded of all that went wrong.  (Looks like I'm not the only who felt this way.)Poor logistics from the get go.  I went to the expo early Friday and thank God I did.  By Saturday, it had turned into utter chaos, with crowds so tight, you could barely walk through the aisles.  Strike 1.Shuttles to the race on Sunday were the next mistake.  I jumped on the shuttle at Aria, where we were staying (a supposed official race hotel) and it took us easily 40 min to travel a few blocks.  Our driver clearly didn't know the best route as he passed the hotel, only to turn into already bumper to bumper LV Blvd traffic to head back. Strike 2.Over 40K runners!  Initially I thought this would be a plus.  More people, more energy.  NOT! They just couldn't handle the volume; at the expo, on the course, at the finish, at the post race.  The course was jam packed from start to finish.  Those poor full marathoners had it the worst.  They were elbowed to the far edge of the right side of the road, and it never opened up for them.  Terrible.  The worst part, however, was the sheer number of people jammed into the Mandalay Bay after the race. It was a fire code violation at best, and a claustrophobic's worst nightmare.  I made a quick 180 after 15 min of not taking one step forward, and cut through the pool area. The best idea I had all night was to walk to the Luxor after the race, and catch a cab there.  Strike 3. I saw on the news that night that they plan to open it up to 60K runners next year. Um yeah, I'll be cheering from the craps tables. The only positives were that I ran with awesome friends, and it was at night.  Vegas at night, is Vegas at it's best. I will admit, that I never got myself together. Perhaps Vegas offered too much temptation for a race weekend.
3	Been there done that! I guess that's my outlook on the Vegas Rock N Roll. This was my first Rock N Roll event so silly me thought all of the chaos was normal. I had no business in the world staying at the Venetian - regardless of what the block rate was because I was so damn far away. I did so much walking prior to this race I am surprised I finished it. I have never seen so many people in my life! It took us forever to get to the start line and the lines for ladies restrooms in Mandalay Bay were sooo long. It was the dead of winter and freezing ass cold and windy as fuck! around corral 15 we decided there was no way we were even going to continue to try to push through the crowds to get to our corral, we ended up just huddling at the side and started with an earlier corral so we didn't freeze to death before getting to the start line. Yes, I am a CA girl so 40 degrees and windy is cold to me! Anyways, the course itself was flat and pretty easy. I loved running the strip - the excitement at the start line - took us through the first mile in what felt to be about 45 seconds, and we were lucky enough to be running past the Bellag just as a water show was going. The little white chapel was also a highlight for me, since I had never seen it. Fremont street was hard to feel out, we were there in gone SO fast. I did begin to drink water at mile 6 and continued to through mile 10 or 11 and did not get sick from it as others did. We did run through some very dark and deserted areas with some scary guys drinking 40s in the their yard (not a part of Vegas I ever need to see again). It was so crowded at the finish line, we managed to grab a bottle of water but didn't get snacks and did not want to wait in the enormous line for a finish line photo :( Not a lot of photographers along the route, so no good pics of us. The medals are awesome - they glow in the dark. The end of the race is an experience I want to never relive again in life and its painful to even recount. 44k runners and I don't know how many spectators stuck all over the strip, in the Mandalay lobby, on the monorail, taxi lines and streets was the worst ever! Then the rain started, OMG - this is when the tears came. Unbearable! WALKING back to the Venetian after this mess was a nightmare. I arrived at the expo Saturday with about 30minutes until closing so everything was pretty much shut down. Bib pick up was easy, shirt pick up was fine for me (although they had run out of men's shirts by then). I skimmed through quickly and left. I don't think I'll ever run Vegas again - if I do, I need a much better plan. It however, has made me grateful for other races - anything seems small and organized compared to this.
1	40,000 people being pushed through a keyhole sums up the race and post race experience. I was looking forward to my first half with  my boyfriend, but listening to people curse each other out. in the first 5 miles was not what I expected. Walkers began at the 2.5hr corral - really?! I expected a lot more bands throughout the race, but there were quiet pockets and water stations seemed pretty deserted towards the end of the race. We stayed at the Mandalay, but when we got to our room - famished from the race, we were told that room service was a 2hr wait. We ate at midnight.An $80 meal, wings, sandwich, chicken fettucine. In 30 degree temps, we began the race 1.5 hrs later. It took me 2 miles to feel my limbs again. I would not do this half again.
1	$212 to run a race and didn't even get a shirt, since they ran out. $40 day of race packet pick up charge. A total mess. Save your money.
1	truly terrible. So over crowded and poorly run that it was downright dangerous. Stay away
2	Returning to Las Vegas to run the first ever night race on the Strip was a pretty cool concept in theory, but what really happened turned out to be a lot more than what people had signed up for going into this thing. First off, I would like to say that I wasn't happy with what happened here, but I wished it will be improved for this year's race in 2012. I ran the half marathon distance to see if I could capture a personal best in the distance, but as luck would have it, I could only watch as the hordes of people in front of me did not want me to speed up and make that PR attempt a reality.The expo was alright, same as the other Rock and Roll marathon events. Same set up, as it was held at the Sands Convention Center. I was staying at the Vdara hotel, a non gaming hotel located on the strip. It was nice since I was paying $50 a night, since we squeezed like people in the room. It was great to meet friends old and new and share a hotel room for a couple of nights.The marathon started at 4:30pm, 1 hour before the half marathon. A bulk of my  friends were doing the marathon, whereas I was doing the half to try to do better in the half distance. What was the worse thing that happened that night was "the merge", where about 10,000 marathoners mixed with 30,000 half marathoners on 1 lane of road on the Strip. Most of the half marathoners were like owning the road, so the marathoners were hard pressed on trying to get through. It was hard and I saw this with my own eyes. The congestion in the half marathon field contributed to my lackluster performance, but I made it to the finish line in decent shape. It was not a good night for racing, but I do like the night on the strip concept and hope they do make changes. Some of the other problems that came up was the water that may or may not have contained bacteria that sickened a few dozen runners. There were some reports about the volunteers who abandoned their aid station posts due to being so cold at night. While I know I did finish the 13.1 mile half marathon, there was concerns for the marathon runners. My friends who ended up finishing this race, had their gripes, and that was very much understandable. It was one of the first races where I thought I was going to get trampled by the sheer volume of runners. I mean 30,000 just for the half marathon!I have been to Las Vegas just too many times. And while Las Vegas may be cool and all, I most likely will not be back. Especially when Europe, Asia, and Australia,is waiting to be explored by me. The finisher's medal was just blah, but it was decent. Another half marathon in the books and I can look forward to the next race - which was the Honolulu Marathon the next weekend. After the race, it was pretty much chaos at the Mandalay Bay, where gear check was being held. Thousands of people flooded here after the race, since it had been raining minutes after I was done and it was just a sucky ass moment.I had to probably wait 40 minutes for the hotel rail to take us from the Mandalay Bay hotel to the Excalibur. Then I walked it to my hotel, the Vdara. It was pretty bad this race, but I am hopeful that things will turn around for the folks that will be running this year in Las Vegas. D-#Yelp Marathons
2	This was my first rock and roll race. This year was their first (and thus experimental) year on running the strip at night. Thus, a bit of chaos.Hotels/Vegas I stayed at the Mandalay Bay, which was where the race started. If you haven't been to Vegas before (which I hadn't) it is an interesting experience, though if you are going to race you won't be able to fully "enjoy" the Vegas experience (maybe a good thing?) There are many things to do, so plan on a full weekend or going a few days early (many different cirque du soleil shows, casinos, sight seeing, etc).Expo A bit confusing to get to, went from Casino to Casino getting lost until we finally found our way. Shirt a bit short. In general, no expo impresses me anymore after Chicago which is simply amazing.Race VERY ENTERTAINING. Running the strip at night passing pyramids, volcanoes, lightworks, all sorts of bands (even metal), the pawn shop, several brothels. Because you start at night it's also a bit chilly, but perfect for running. The only complaint was that I was having so much fun looking at everything my neck was hurting (YAY FUN RACE).However, a bit of an organizational mess. I ran the half, my friend ran the full. They had halfers start an hour and a half after fulls, but since there were ~ 40 waves of half, by the time that the marathoners where in mile 14 in the strip, the slower half people were in mile 1 (where the full and half overlap, the full did some loop and then ran the strip, we just ran the strip straight and back, pretty much). And so there were half and full all over. It was supposed to be half to the right, full to the left, but a bunch of walkers were just not getting out of the way, and the marathoners were getting very frustrated clearly.Side note: At some point, a marathoner was like GET THE EFF OUT OF THE WAY. Although a bit extreme, I kind of understand since he had already been running for 16 miles by then while we were only in mile 2. The half marathoner goes OH YOU THINK YOU'RE SO MUCH BETTER COS YOU'RE ON THE LEFT SIDE. The whole thing was a bit sad.After Race Expect COMPLETE CHAOS. Make reservations at a restaurant WAY before hand. Or buy food. Every single restaurant open had hours of lines. Room service said it would take 3 and a half hours to get our way. Runners everywhere, STARVING. raaaaaawr.Overall: Very entertaining race because it is ran in the Vegas Strip at night. Not very good organization. I could see myself doing it again (maybe) in many years when they have the math down.
5	I so sorry to hear that the participants encountered so many problems while trying to run this race.I was in the audience as an accidental spectator last year. Initially, I was quite angry that the strip was shut down. I didn't know there was a marathon and it was nearly impossible trying to physically get anywhere need the strip that day. We ended up parking at the Bellagio since they have a side entrance on Flamingo.Well, once we heard the music and saw the runners going by our anger turned into excitement. Every time the fountains went off at the Bellagio the runners cheered and became re-energized. It was truly a magical site to see.
1	I haven't done a lot of 1/2 marathons 3 to be exact, but this one was by far the worst. First they ran out of shirts. How do you run out of shirts for a race that was sold out a month in advance? The signage at the race was poor at best. I couldn't find the bag check and no one at the hotel seemed to know what was going on. The race corals were meaningless as people were walking in the 8 min mile pace group at the start line. The marathon and 1/2 marathon courses were not well designated and slow 1/2 marathoners were getting in the way of people trying to do the marathon. After the race they said there would be shuttles to the hotels. If there were I couldn't find them and none of the volunteers seemed to know either. I personally witnessed 2 people throwing up not far from the end of the race and couldn't find a medic. I don't blame the medical staff they were working hard but the race organizers should have had more people. This race was a total mess and I can't believe this organization puts on races all over the country. I wouldn't do another one of their races. On the plus side running down the strip at night is amazing. Overall poorly organized and poorly executed. Lucky for me I brought my own water as I heard that people were getting sick from the water on the course and that they ran out of the Gatorade at most stations. They have made promises that they will make improvements for this year but who knows. I think they need to build the trust back with the runners.
2	I was so excited about this race but man was it a let down. It was overcrowded and at 8 miles when i hurt my knee there was no one to help me I asked for help from several people and they all said just keep going.  A major let down
2	I ran the Las Vegas Rock and Roll in December 2011 during one of the coldest runs I have ever been a part of.  Since it started at 5:30PM, the cold was already starting to kick in and a very "chilling" realization starts to go through your head.  This is going to be a cold next two hours.  Well, you'll be running so you won't feel it right?  Until later...Regardless of how cold this run is when it starts, it really is a really cool (my joke for the day) run.  Having ran the strip at night was an amazing experience. It's 13.1 miles running the entire Strip at night and back again.  It makes for a very fast and flat course that should have plenty of people PR'ing.  I still have vivid memories passing Harrah's and seeing the drunk bystanders cheer us on.  That is something a marathon runner needs to do at least once.  But only once, as I never want to feel that amazing freezing sensation that I felt about five minutes after I finished the race.  Or, after just passing Harrah's, feeling my legs tighten up and having to massage them so I can run again.  I hope that the 2012 race is much better organized in regards to an earlier start time, better race corral management, clean water and area's to get away from the cold at the completion of the run.  I had to RUN into Luxor (after running 13.1 miles) to escape the 36F night air.  My friends, who were supposed to hand me off a beer at the finish line were cozily drinking the night away at the Luxor since it was "way to cold" to be spectating.  Yeah, thanks. Although running next to the glitz and glamor of the Vegas strip is a an awesome experience, ONE Vegas freezing Half marathon is enough for me thank you very much.
2	Yes, it took me almost a year to write this review, but better late than never. Registering was easy and I had no issues there. My friend who I was running with and I didn't realize that it was best to get you number at the expo the Friday or Saturday before the race, so we ended up having to pay $20 to pick up our race numbers the evening of the race. Oh well, no big deal, but I wished I had realized that before hand. Getting to the race wasn't too bad, we took the tram to Mandalay Bay and walked the 15 minutes to the expo/waiting area. We waited for about an hour and a half, there were tons of people around, but no one from the race really "directing traffic" and keeping everyone informed and updated of what was going on.  We decided to make our way to the start line about 30 minutes before the start of the race. We were in the 35th coral and there was no good way to get to the start of the race besides going down the side of this hill and wondering around until we found our corral number. The corral numbers were pointless anyways, I don't think any really stuck to theirs. We waited about 30 minutes in the freezing cold until we got to the start line and off we went. We spent pretty much the entire race dodging people, and zig zagging to avoid the walkers that were walking in the middle of the street, 6 or 7 in a row. With 44,000 people running a race I guess that is to be expected. They did a good job of setting up timers on the streets every other mile or so, so you could keep track of your time. The bands were cool, but nothing I really paid attention to since I was listening to music on my ipod. The finishing of the race was a total let down, I crossed the finish line and no one handed me a medal, I actually had to pick up my own medal, take off the plastic and put the damn thing around my own neck. Totally disappointing. I walked backed into the expo area and met up with my friend who had finished before me. We went to make our way out of the expo area and were caught in a HUGE traffic jam of people. I took us about 20 minutes to finally reach a bend that lead from the expo back into the hotel. Someone had passed out and there hardly enough room to lay her down on the ground, let alone give her enough space. People were also trying to go in the opposite direction to get to a show. Thank god someone mentioned to us that they knew a short cut out of the hotel into the parking lot. That probably cut an hour off our wait to get back to the tram. We ended up very close to a taxi line (thank god!). The line was reeaaallly long, but the taxi was the best option. I think we finally got back to our room about 10pm.I heard they want to have 60,000 people for this years half marathon, I think that is the most ridiculous idea I have ever heard. I will never do this half again.
3	#3Another race to do at least once.  Very crowded start is to be expected, but geez... as big as The Strip is, there was a whole lotta elbows bumpin' in this one.  The wind kicked up at the start, blowing quite a bit of dust and died down once making the turnaround heading North. Pretty cool running The Strip, although Monkey still felt like stuck in traffic.  Crowds lined both sides in support, some overflowing off the sidewalk and onto the street, narrowing the the route even more.  Love, love, loved the support.  Awesome people cheering on any- and everyone running.  The Team in Training group seemed to have the most fans throughout the race.  How lucky for them.  Needed a break from the crowds, yet didn't stray too far from the street while passing the bail bonds and why is that guy standing by himself wearing a hoodie, shades(at night), gloves and holding a rope..?  More incentive to keep running!  Monkey found family waiting and cheering, near Fremont in a well lit area before the water and GU!  Relief!  5 more miles to the finish line and grub!  Bands along the course:  Eh...  Cool giant grasshopper shooting flames...  Nice finish line in front of Caesar's Palace.  Bright lights, lotsa goodies but no bag to hold it all.  More than enough photographers to make a buck and...  Geez!  Thanks for handing off my medal like a porn flyer.Not happy about Monkey's time, but had to do it.  Once. 2:29:20
4	I was a little wary of what my experience would be like at the 2012 Vegas RnR after reading all the horror stories from the previous year, but this ended up being one of the best half marathons I've done and one I would highly recommend.I did this race with a mixed group of runners (a couple of us had done a few halfs before, including other RnR events, while the rest were doing their first half).  All of us agreed that this event was extremely well organized.Packet pick up was a breeze.  We went on Saturday evening, with about 1 hour left in the expo.  There were no lines, other than for the Brooks photo booth, yet there were still tons of good swag still up for grabs.A couple of us had to change corrals and that was fairly simple to do.  Certain corrals (i.e. 15) were full so they had to pick the next one instead but it ended up not being a big deal when we actually got to the corrals because we were able to line up between 15 and 16 w/o a problem.  When you line up at the start, they do do a bib check to make sure you are entering within your right range of corrals so I do recommend making a corral change if you are switching from say 30 to 15.Certain hotels offered an extremely convenient shuttle service to the start line festival.  This was a really nice perk that I thought could have been promoted a little better as it was barely mentioned on the website or start packet paperwork and a few runners we talked to didn't even know about it.  The shuttles were open to all runners and departed up to 30 min. before the race.The Start Line festival was winding down by the time we arrived, so I was disappointed that some of the water / snack stations were already being taken down even though there was still 15 minutes until the half start.  What they lacked in booths though was significantly made up for with the gear check.  The signs to locate the UPS trucks were a little unclear from the shuttle drop off but once you actually locate the trucks dropping off your bag was quick and painless.The streets were completely closed off which left lots of space along the race route so that it didn't get overly crowded up until you reach mile 8.  Once you pass Circus Circus, the route starts to get a little narrow and sketchy.  At one point we were even running through what looked like the ghetto.  This was a little tough because around this time is when you're really toughing it out so the change of scenery was a little disappointing.  Fortunately, the last mile or 2 is back along the lively part of the Strip so this motivates you towards the end.There were plenty of porta potties, water, GU and Gatorade stations all along the course.  The volunteers at the "fueling" stations rocked!  Also, tons of photographers all along the course, some literally right smack dab in the middle, so there are plenty of photo ops.  I didn't pay much attention to the bands along the course since I was wearing headphones, but it didn't seem like there were bands at every mile as expectedI have mixed feelings about the Finish Line festival.  In comparison to the rest of the weekend, I felt it was a little half a$$ed.  I'm not sure if it's because we finished towards the end of the race but it seemed a little sparse.  I think because it was so spaced out it felt like we were scavenging for things, rather than just walking from station to station.  Luckily there were still ample warming blankets, water, chocolate milk, Gatorade, energy bars and apples once you actually find it.  Like most of the race though, getting your medal, taking finisher pics and picking up your bag were all simple and easy.All in all it was a great experience and once again Rock n Roll did not disappoint.  It's pretty cool to be able to say "I ran the Strip!"
3	I figured I should give these guys a shot, even though they had very poor reviews during the 2011 race. After all, they said they learned from their mistakes and they said that they improved everything, from the course, the nutrition and the overall logistics.Even before race weekend, these guys helped me get discounts at the Palazzo and alerted me of discounted flights through Southwest. So my hotel and transportation was taken care of way in advance. Also, there were random discounts for some Cirque du Soleil shows which I got to take advantage of on race weekend.The expo was pretty huge, especially since they reserved one of the biggest conference rooms at the Sands conference hall. There were tons and tons of random vendors so I scored a lot of freebies by doing my rounds.The race and course itself was first of its kind where you get to run on one of the most popular and heavily traffic streets in the world and its done at night too. I'm glad that I did it because I got to see a lot of Vegas including downtown Vegas in Fremont. The Fremont portion was my favorite, even though it was only less than half a mile of running through the course.That portion of the race was where a lot of people were just already exhausted and hit the wall, but going through Fremont with the lights and the crowds cheering you on helped out during the last few miles of the marathon.But other than that and running on the strip, the course itself was pretty boring, dark and sometimes dangerous. It was so dark in certain portions of the race that you wonder to yourself that if you can make it safely back. That and it was  demotivating running through dark streets with no one there cheering you on except for the next water station or the random music bands throughout the course.Post race was very organized with lots and lots of goodies. There were so much goodies that they could have at least given us a small bag to hold the stuff because, again there was just way too much stuff to hold.I like the medal because it glows in the dark. I guess it signifies the fact that we ran at night so that was good.Also, if you plan on taking a cab or trying to find transportation on the strip after the race, well it's going to be nearly impossible, near the finish line area since The Strip is closed until midnight. So if you were planning on doing some post-race celebrations, make sure it is walking distance from your hotel.Well, overall, I did like the race. But even coming before the race I was concerned about the winds during this time of the year and it unfortunately it was pretty bad during the race with up to 30 knots or so, especially running along MLK blvd. A lot of PRs and even a lot of regular times were forfeited because of the high winds. But I did it, and I can check this off my bucket list. This race is expensive because...well...you're in Vegas.Note to self: 4:09:33 in 2012
4	Definitely one of the most fabulous races I've had the pleasure of running.Although Rock 'n' Roll races are expensive ($125 for this half) and HUGE (44,000 runners) they are very well organized and give you a lot more than just a calorie deficit.  With this race being in Vegas, it is one of the MOST unique races I have ever heard of and had the pleasure to run and the photos speak for themselves!While most races are early morning to avoid the brutal temperatures that come with sun exposure, this race is both in WINTER in the desert (aka around 40-45 degrees & windy every day) AND it is held in the mid-afternoon (4PM) and continues to the evening.  This is an absolute God-send for runners like me who a) NEVER get to bed early enough the night before a race.b) like to run fully clothed.b) like to caffeine-up.This is a terrible race for runners who:a) can't run in the afternoon.b) like to run naked.c) wake up before sunrise regardless of the day's agenda.This race is one of the coldest I have ever run - and I loved it!I loved running with gloves, hat, and long sleeves/pants and as a result was not freezing either before or after like some other "elite" runners I saw and felt bad for. The route was of course the highlight for me - Some of my best memories and greatest nights have happened via this one stretch of desert and I can now count this race as one of them.  I did think it was a little bit of a cluster-fluff at the end of the race but that is sort of to be expected when you gather 44,000 people and their supporters.  I did have a bit of stomach trouble from the water like some others in 2011 but that didn't stop me from wanting to run it in 2012 as I'm sure they learned their lesson. I would most definitely run this race again - Vegas is fabulous and when a bunch of runners take over the city it makes it all the more fun, lively and inspiring!
4	2012: Full MarathonLet's be clear: the 4 stars are for the race, the course and the overall logistics. I am in no way encouraging anyone to think that running a marathon after eating at buffets (twice the day before), sitting around in smoky casinos and drinking is a good idea.The expo was fantastic. Easy to get to, tons of vendors and I even got to meet Scott Jurek! Loved the t-shirt as well.We stayed in Excalibur and it was stupid convenient for the race start. Basically just walked straight downstairs.The course was mixed for me. I LOVED the first couple miles running down the strip and through the older parts. Saw the Pawn Stars store and all the landmark sites. Also loved the fast chance to get your pic taken with the Las Vegas sign. Miles 10 - 20... totally different story. Running at night is neat and super neat-o when in downtown Las Vegas, however running in the desert at night? Not super neat-o. Not much to look at and when feeling like uber crap thanks to said buffets, drinks and smoke... torture! Towards the end, we ran under the dancing lights and music of Fremont and that is hands down the very best part of the race. The energy goes way up!!.. then right back down since it is back in the darkness for a couple miles. Then finally we get back on the strip for the finish line. The finish line is fun, but for advertising "running the strip at night", we are barely on the strip towards the end... but the part we were on was CRAZY packed with spectators!The finisher's chute was very long, but it is important to keep walking once you are done running. Got a mylar blanket, a chocolate milk and my medal and then headed out. Our group planned to meet up afterwards at Wild Bill's and that was the best idea yet. They have a bar in there called Slush!.. and you know what is super awesome after a long run? A booze filled slushie.. or 10.
4	I have run the Rock N' Roll Las Vegas Half Marathon every year since its debut in December 2009.  Personally, I've enjoyed every year except 2011, where the course was a complete disaster because they decided to merge the full and half marathoners at midpoint.  It was really bad.  In addition, I believe there was some rodeo convention going on that same weekend and the Mandalay Bay Convention Center was so packed, you were like a sardine trying to exit to get to the start line.  The first two years of the race, it was early in the morning.  The last two years, the race started at night.  The course itself is flat all the way through, so if you are looking to PR, this is the place to do it.  The best scenery you will look at is your run on the strip as well as parts of downtown Las Vegas.  The start and finish line each year has been right across the street from Mandalay Bay.  Last year, the race ended right on the strip across from The Mirage.  The medals for 2009 and 2010 were nice, but I really liked 2011 and 2012 because they glow in the dark!The race this year (which of course, I will be running) is November 17th, versus the past 4 years, which have all landed the 1st weekend in December.  Not sure what the reason was behind this change, but I was happy that my schedule still allowed for it! Looking forward to my the 5th year running on the strip!
5	Best 1/2 ever!!!!! First time runners. We loved rock and roll 2013. U must do it now!!!!
2	2013: Zappos 1/2 of the Half (inaugural race)My third Rock n Roll event ever.My friend and I opted for the new Zappos 1/2 of the Half, and this is the first year it was offered. I think the shorter distance encouraged some new folks to try a race. My friend had never done a race and she was willing to try, and we even met a few folks who were parents accompanying their adult children who were doing the half or the full, and they did this shorter race. Definitely a nice option. That said, for the first time, there were some kinks that need to be worked out:1) The mile markers were confusing... the courses partially paralleled the half and full courses, so there were two sets of mile markers and if i you didn't know what you were looking for, it was confusing. My friend got frustrated by thinking she was further along than she was.2) No tech tee. The half and full racers got a nice black tech t, but we got a regular tee. It's cute, but I kinda felt like a second class citizen with a different shirt.3) Staff was uninformed at the finish line. There were shuttles available, but some people didn't know about them, and others gave us the wrong location (about 2 blocks from where we should have been)4) Some miscommunication between event organizers and shuttle company. The race started at 3:35 and was 6.5 miles. Even a speedy runner at a 5 or 6 minute mile wouldn't finish finish before 4:10 PM. Plus, there was the finisher area with refreshments and medals. After finally finding the shuttle pickup (not marked) on a very dark residential street, we waited, and waited, and waited. Finally a bus came, but couldn't get all the people waiting. There was a near riot. Finally some event organizer staff came by and said another bus was on the way. Another came and we boarded. The bus driver told us we were "late" and "should have been done by 4." He got yelled at. I don't know where the miscommunication occurred (between RNR and his company? between his company and him? who knows), but chiding a bunch of people who have just completed a race and were standing out in the cold is not a good way to go.5) There also seemed to be confusion over same-day packet pickup. We met some guys at our hotel who didn't know where to go and didn't have a way to contact anyone :(On the upside:1) GREAT expo. Since this is a large race, vendors were out in full force. Lots of fun photo ops.2) Huge start line festival, complete with a band! Water, plentiful portapotties, and snacks all available.3) Good course support: friendly volunteers with beverages, drinks and cheerful disposition4) People on the sidelines. It's Vegas, so it was missing some of the local flair of the other races, but people were going crazy on the sidelines throughout the strip. One of the wedding chapels in downtown Vegas even had their Elvis out front serenading us! LOVED it!5) Shows off Vegas landmarks... strip hotels, wedding chapels, Fremont Street.6) Thank you to Zappos for sponsoring a coffee/hot chocolate truck for us. I was sad we didn't get chocolate milk at the finish and this was a nice treat.7) The awesome Rock n Roll participants... seriously, everyone is so friendly! You can talk to complete strangers and everyone is in a great mood. They are there to have fun and it's a great community.Tip for racing newbies: since it's the desert and temps can vary greatly, my friend and I wore arm warmer sleeves... very handy as we heated up and could slide them down, and then slide them back up as the desert temps dropped quickly. Plan your layers accordingly.I'll definitely come back, but would do the half... this event was a little disorganized and I felt like a second class citizen in the shorter event.
4	I did this run yesterday (I did the 1/2 marathon) and there were definitely things I liked and things I did not like.Pros:  1) awesome and unique course - running down the Las Vegas Strip at night is amazing!  2) late afternoon start time (perfect for those of us who do not normally get up before 8am and do most of our running in the evening)3) THE COURSE IS COMPLETELY FLAT!Cons:  1) weird ghetto part of the run around the half-way point that was dark and lit by random floodlights 2) a bit of chaos at the start line (you could go with any corral you wanted to, and people did)3) the race is Sunday evening - so it's kind of hard to enjoy a weekend in Vegas when you know you're doing a long-distance endurance event at the end of it.4) expensive compared to other eventsOverall, recommended - pretty cool to run down the Strip at night.  Will do again!
2	I ran the full marathon.If I was going to run the RnR in Vegas again, I'd opt for the half or the 10k. A full marathon in Vegas is just too boring, flat, and uninspiring. It's one long dark stretch of road after another, with no end in sight. Security is sparse, as are nutrition/water stations. Early water stations are very well organized and packed with volunteers. Mid-race stations around mile 16-18 (when you really need them) have very few volunteers and are uninspiring.As far as spectators go, well, this is Vegas. Expect lots of drunk people cheering you on. Running through Fremont St. at the beginning of the race was a blast, however the return trip on mile 22 or so was horrible. Nothing worse when I'm hitting the wall then running through a belligerent crowd of people in a tunnel full of smoke.
2	Over-rated and over-hyped.  Though the event organizers do a good job of selling, they failed to deliver here.  A band every mile?  Hah.  There may have been something every mile, but many were just speakers playing recorded music -- not a live band. As far as organized runs go, this is possibly the worst, because so many people run this as their first race and there are slow runners starting up front, faster runners starting too far back, and it is not well lit in many places . . . making it a constant bobbing and weaving and jostling.at the end of the day, overrated and overpriced.
5	Running is the most amazing thing you can do for yourself. To do it in this setting and then with 45000 people made it even more special. I enjoyed running through the different parts of Las Vegas and hearing the different cheers and jeers. It made it real and it made it inclusive. For those who rated this run low because they ran through the ghetto and worried about security. Ah, I did the Full Marathon and their were no ghettos. Your definition is quite overstated. Those neighborhoods had families so excited to see people running they cheered and made you feel at home..ROCK AND ROLL YOU ROCK!!! CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE.The organization was great and support with plenty of food and water and supplements through the race was even better.This was my first one and I ran the best 13.1 mile 1  hour and half ever in my life. I can't say I did the back half well. How could you complain...the people were loving it and giving love.thank you
3	This was my first half marathon, so I do not have anything to compare it to. I did watch my husband run the full marathon last year but obviously, there is a huge difference between spectating and participating. Even though I have no other races to compare this to, there are definitely some things that I could tell needed to be improved on. I had only been training for about a month when I decided to sign up. When you register, you have to include what you expect to complete the run in. I went with a rather long time to be safe, in hindsight that was a mistake because I got stuck with a bunch of people that were walking. I get it, all sorts of people want to participate in a fun event and some can only do so if they walk the entire 13.1 mile course. But walkers need to move to the side of the street. Trying to maintain a certain pace while having to dodge ladies in tutus and angel wings walking 4 abreast SUCKS. Perhaps having fewer people per corral would help with this? And actually ensuring that people were in the correct corral? Or perhaps next time I just need to estimate that I will finish faster, even if I won't. Running along the Strip was cool... Running along the residential streets between the Strip and Fremont Street, not so great. The streets in this area were not lit up enough. My biggest issue with the race is that I never got any Gu!! Apparently the sole aid station with Gu ran out before we got to it. For a race that states that one of the participant perks was going to be 'plentiful course support'  this was ridiculous. Frankly, only one Gu station for 13.1 miles isn't what I would call 'plentiful course support' but zero Gu stations for many runners is just unacceptable. For the cost of entering, I was left a little disappointed with the race overall. I love the medal, and am happy that I got to experience the race but I am not sure I wold pay the money to do it again.
4	Overall, I absolutely loved it and would do it again in a heartbeat!Pros:  Vegas!  It's very easy to distract yourself from the pain you may be feeling by staring at all the amazing lights along the Strip.  Very easy to get outside your own head. The energy along the Strip is fabulous and also help drive you forward.  The medal is gorgeous!  Plenty of water/gatorade stations (for the 1/2).  Completely flat.  Loved the nighttime race & the weather was cool.  The runner perks were great.  Absolutely the best expo ever!  (Even better than the other RnR expos I've been to.)Cons:  First, I booked the Palazzo because RnR initially said that the expo was on sight and the finish line was out front.  Well, they ended up moving the expo a few miles away after I booked.  And the finish line was indeed out front, but you had to walk another two miles in the wrong direction just to get out of the finishers corral (& then double back to get home).  Adding extra miles at the end of the race when your hotel is in sight is not fun.  Competitor group needs to be more accurate about the expo/start line/& finish line proximity.  Second, there were some middle miles that were VERY dark.  If there had been potholes in the road, there would have been several injured runners because you just couldn't see where you were running.  There was also something in the road that looked like a package wrapped in newspaper.  I tried for over a mile to find someone in security to check it out, but there was no one.  There was only one empty police car.  Thank goodness it didn't turn out to be an explosive.  And finally, I was in corral 17 & stayed on my estimated finish time.  I was passing WALKERS in the first mile or two who had obviously started in corrals ahead of mine.  Completely frustrating.  There are a lot of newbies and people who probably will never do any other race other than Vegas- so just know going into it, that you're going to deal w/a lot of walkers in early miles walking in long lines in the middle of the road.  Just wish those people would give an honest estimate of their finish time & start in the right corral, because the wave start did try to remedy that happening.
4	There are two times every year when Las Vegas Blvd shuts down to vehicular traffic. The first time is New Years Eve, when you can be sexy while teetering in sky high heels. The second is during the Rock 'n' Roll Marathon, when you can be sexy while huffing and puffing in running shoes. I signed up for the 1/2 marathon this year, and this was my first time running with the crowds rather than catering to them in the hotel at work at. Since The Great Marathon Disaster of 2011, it looks like this shindig has shaped up for the better. The registration, expo, and actual event process all went smoothly for me with no hiccups and since the course was flat, there were no surprise hills or valleys to throw me off my pace, which is also great for first-time racers like myself.As much as I enjoyed the event, I did have a few gripes in the lack of respect for the road from both runners and spectators. Runners would stop to walk abruptly and either in the middle of the road, or on the left. Folks, remember freeway etiquette and move to the right if you're going to slow up traffic. There were also tourists who thought that crossing the street in the middle of the marathon would be the most appropriate time of all. This is a huge no no and a safety hazard for both parties involved.Thinking about running the full, 1/2, or half of the half next year? Here are a few tips -+ Register early. Man, marathons are where the money's at! The sooner you commit to the mileage, the cheaper it'll be.+ Attend the expo to pick up your bib & gear on Friday; the mass of out-of-towners come on Saturday.+ Stick to your assigned corral. The whole point of having corrals is so we don't all run at the same time. But I guess some people didn't get that. + Study the course map in advance and set up a designated reunion point with friends and family - after the race is over, you're on your own, baby. + Take care of your body before, during, and after the race. You have your usual suspects: drink water, get enough rest, train in advance, etc. but don't forget to massage your muscles post-run too! + ENJOY! When else can you run up Las Vegas Blvd without the fear of being hit by a car!?
3	I was very torn about how to rate this race (I ran the half). In some ways I loved it, but in others, I was quite dissatisfied.To start with the good, this is just an amazing and unique experience. There is no other race that even approximates the feeling of running up and down the Vegas Strip at night. Not only that, but there is so much to look at that the time passed more quickly for me than it usually does on a run this length. Between the scenery and the people-watching, there was never a dull moment. The flatness is also nice. I would run this again just for the course.Overall I also appreciated the organization around the race. The shirts are nice (actually the same shirt from RnR Providence only with a different screenprint), the expo was easy to navigate, and they had tons of hotels to choose from for travelers. I also liked being given a Mylar blanket at the finish, since it felt chilly quickly once I stopped running.I would have also said I appreciate the corral organization, but as other reviewers noted, this was not enforced. I had many people in my corral (12) with bibs in the 20s and 30s. I also passed a number of walkers in the first mile or two, most notably a very elderly woman. In addition to people seeding themselves incorrectly, I think this race attracts a lot of inexperienced runners. Even late in the race, I was still dodging crowds and random walkers. I think I would have run several minutes faster if the corrals had been better managed or the race had been smaller, which is frustrating for a race that takes as much training as a half.I found the finish line experience overwhelming. As others have said, you need to walk quite a ways to get out of the finish corral, which meant I had to do a lot of walking to find my husband at our designated meeting spot. I was also annoyed that I couldn't have my free beer since I hadn't gotten an ID bracelet before the start. I had my license with me, and didn't realize you needed to do the ID check prior to the race. Considering I actually read all the emails the organizers send, this was frustrating to me; they should have made a bigger point of it. Now that I know the lay of the land a bit better, I'd choose a different meeting spot, and I guess get my ID checked before the race in case I decide I want my shitty Michelob Ultra.Another point of complaint has to do with the middle miles of the course, approximately 6-9. These miles go off the strip into a more neighborhood area and eventually Fremont Street. Several of the streets you run on are pitch black. I couldn't see where I was stepping and slowed down to avoid tripping on a pothole or garbage. For a few of the streets, they brought in portable lights, but these were like being in a CIA interrogation room they were so bright. I'd love it if they rerouted the course to go on better lit streets.Finally--and this may just be me--but there is a dragon on Fremont Street that intermittently breathes fire and makes an explosive noise. You don't see this until it's right there because of a turn in the course. When the dragon all of a sudden exploded fire at me, I freaked out. Given other events this year, I don't think that it's too much to ask to not have unexpected fire and loud noises on a race course. TL;DR: Great experience in terms of the atmosphere, could use some improvement in the organization. If I run this again, I'll mentally prepare for it to be more of a fun run and less of a serious race.
3	So my overall feeling about this race (Zappos 1/2 of the Half): Meh.This was my first Rock N Roll Series and while I'm a regular half marathoner (est. one half marathon every 45-60 days), after hearing about the routes for the half/full from prior years, I decided to scale back and just sign up for the inaugural Zappos 1/2 of the Half. I have to agree with the other yelpers, not getting a tech tee was a let down, but that's something that can be fixed in future years. The course was awesome and although I ran with a camelbak, there were sufficient aid stations for me and my fellow 6.55 milers.You got to experience all of the cool scenery without any of the ghetto sections or traditional long distance running issues. It's flat, it's a fun course, and everyone is out to have a GREAT time. Two big let-downs? First up, for the price I paid ($90 + fees), I would have expected, at the very least, standings for my age group or chip timing. Nope. They called this a fun run. While I had a PR based on my Garmin, I can assure you that there's nothing fun about this run for someone who's pushing as hard as they can just to add those few extra miles. Timing and standings are gratifying because you can see the room for growth and how far you've come and yet for $90 and a cheap cotton tee, I guess they couldn't "make it work". Like other Yelpers said--it's profit over all else. The other disappointment? What was supposed to be the inaugural Container Park bash was simply a little food truck roundup in a tiny parking lot across from the Container Park. Bummer man.So basically, I'm not telling you not to do this...it IS fun. If you have the cash burning a hole in your pocket, it's definitely a better way to spend $90 than losing it in a casino on Fremont Street. But lower your standards and bring a Garmin if you want to add some legitimacy to the race because they own't offer it for you. Remember...it's ONLY a fun run. :)
3	I have wanted to run in this race for years now and was so excited to finally get my chance.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.   Not entirely, mind you, as there were still moments of the race that were awesome  - especially the random drunk guy in front of Harrah's who handed me an ice cold bud light  around mile 6.  I wish he'd been there again at mile 10 or so, I could have used another! :PRunning on the strip at night was cool.  Really cool.   But that's only a few miles of the run.  Once you start getting further down Las Vegas Blvd. into down town, the glitz and glamour wear off and are replaced by sketchy tweekers and homeless people shuffling up and down the sidewalks and actually onto the race course (which is not barricaded off anymore at this point).  THEN at about the half-way mark, the course turns off of Las Vegas Blvd. for three miles of silent darkness winding through residential and industrial streets.  And not nice ones.  There were no barricades,  no spectators, no course support except the occasional gas-generator-run light and a cop sitting by watching.  It did not feel secure.  It felt scary and sketchy and dismal.  And depressing.  Way to kill any race day motivation or runner's high i'd gained up until that point.   Everyone else I talked to was suffering as well at this point.   It was great to turn back onto the strip for the last few miles of racing, but at that point the damage was done: the pain and cramping had set in, and it was a slow, painful, disappointing  finish to what I had hoped would be the coolest half marathon ever.    Luckily, I only ran the half  marathon - I can't imagine having SIXTEEN miles of nothing rather than the 3 I had to endure.Other things that added to my disappointment were: - I almost stepped on not one, but TWO dead animals (cats, I think, waaahhh)   on the race course that had obviously been there for days.   Would be nice if they'd bothered to clean roadkill from the course before the event.- Three miles of no bathrooms and no course support through that residential area.  Also, the website had stated there would be a gu station at about halfway through the race - there was no gu station at all.  Luckily i'd decided to play safe and bring an extra packet, but I feel bad for those who were counting on that and did not get it.  That's kind of a big deal, right?- The "swag bag" didn't have ANY swag in it.  Not even a packet of gu or a bottle of water.  Just advertisements.  That's not a HUGE deal, but don't promise this if it's not going to be given.  Also, the actual bag and shirt are not nearly as nice as the ones I received in San Diego's R&R.    The bag I got in SD has been my gym bag for the last 6 months, this one went straight into the trash - it's really cheap/flimsy.- The "finisher's corral" at the end was TOO LONG!  I needed so badly to get off my feet at that point, but had to walk what felt like a mile to get to the exit so that I could walk to a hotel and catch a cab.  This was not pleasant.  I understand their wanting to make it a "secure finish zone" but that felt a little stupid after having just been sent to run past meth labs in the pitch black.The positive points (yes, there were some of these!) were: - The finisher's medal is REALLY cool.- The results and photos were posted to the website remarkably fast.  - It was well organized and I was not confused about where to go at any point.- They had BEER for me at the end of the race.- The portion of the race that was on the strip was seriously awesome.  Spectators giving you high fives, funny signs, the whole nine yards.  Had the race been this way the entire route, it'd be getting five stars despite its other shortcomings.All in all I'm glad I did it, but am a little sad that it was not as awesome as I'd hoped.  I really don't see myself doing this race again unless I'm asked to participate by a friend (whom I will try to talk out of doing it first).  There were a lot of non-race factors that impacted my performance as well... such as the temptation to drink, being exposed to so much cigarette smoke, the difficulty in finding healthy food, and just how much walking is required for Vegas.  Even going down to the hotel lobby to take a cab to a restaurant, then walking to that restaurant from the cab stop is pretty significant.  It was pretty much impossible to stay off of your feet as much as you should the day before the race.  As a result, i was foot-sore before the race even started.   If I ever do run in this event again, I'll definitely plan to arrive the morning of the race rather than the night before, and have my pre-race meals prepped and packed already so that I can just check into my hotel and rest until race time.
2	This is my second Rock n Roll Half Marathon and all I could say afterwards was Seattle is way better! And no this is not just my hometown bias....I mean Seattle had hills and I still preferred that over the flat Vegas course!The good:1. Easy access to health and fitness expo prior with no parking fee.2. Running at night with all the lights from the main Strip.3. Weather was nice (not windy, not cold).The bad (this list is long):1. Running bag with little to no goodies/coupons.2. More expensive registration fee than a lot of other cities.3. Difficult to find parking near the start line, thus needing to walk 1-2 miles to just get to the start.4. Rubbing elbows with people for the first mile of the run due to the amount of people per corral.5. Poorly lit or unlit roads near Fremont street...first off it's ghetto there and second  off now I'm going to trip and potentially get injured =(6. Post-race snacks after the finish line were lame!  They didn't have bottles of water right after the finish line...you had to walk quite a ways before finding a bottle.  And in terms of the snacks, I mean at least throw in some bananas.  At the Seattle one there was a plethora of snacks and even jamba juice.  They had beer....but honestly I'd prefer a banana over a beer after a long run.7.  The medals were not consistent.  I ended up with a nice one, but my brothers ended up with some jacked up looking medals with faded print and colors.  However, they did say they would replace the medal after my brother took a picture of his and sent in an email.I know the amount of people at the Vegas run is 30k plus, a lot more than other cities.  However, the novelty of the Strip lights wore off pretty quickly.  I think it's a more difficult run since there's little visual stimulation on a straight course at night time.  Only positive for me is that I shaved off 10 minutes from my last PR =)
4	Wow, it seems like a lot of people didn't enjoy this year's event.  Well, I did!I did a scan of people's experiences, and while I see where some people are coming from, my experience was a bit different.  This was my 4th RnR event, so I have run several of them over the last 3 years.  I did the Half.Here are some things that I would add:Pre-race Concert.  The All American Rejects performing at the pre-race concert was fantastic.  This is a really, really good band, and I noticed that the crowd just wasn't all that into them.  I was able to get into the 3rd row, and there were definitely some fans who knew all the words to all the songs (not me), but it seemed like a lot of people were indifferent and wandering around.  This was a highlight for me, and got me amped up for the race.Other Bands.  During the race, it seemed like they were pretty scarce.  I like hearing bands every mile to motivate me, but I swear some bands must have abandoned the event, as it seems awfully quiet for a lot of the race.Crowd?  It sounds like a lot of people had issues with too many runners.  I didn't experience any real problems with that, compared to other races.  I was in the 3rd corral, so I might have had less of an issue than others, but I didn't find anything noticeably bad.  I was pleasantly surprised, given the 31k attendees.Gatorade stations.  One thing that irked me is that they seemed to have only self-serve gatorade stations, instead of handing them out.  That's not good!Course & the Strip.  It is a WAY cool experience to run down the strip at night, cheered on by people around you.  I expected it to be awesome, and it WAS.No Fremont Experience.  Surely they could have routed the Half through the Fremont street experience instead of the dark, nondescript neighborhood section.  Am I right, runners?Post-race Finish.  I was really exhausted after this run.  I didn't even have a very good race, but was totally gassed by the finish.  Getting out of the finish area took forever, and they made you walk way around and past where you wanted to go, which is pretty cruel when you have blistered feet and tired legs, and just want to go take a shower.Would I do it again?  I might.  If they had a band like they did this year, I would be in.  The good vastly outweighs the bad, and when you're done with the race, you're in Vegas!  That's a great reward.
4	This marathon has gotten a bad rap. I have many friends & co-workers who have run the Rock n' Roll marathons in other cities. Most of them would probably unanimously agree that the Vegas is the one of the worst. Their opinions are ones I trust. This was my 3rd year running the half. Is it chaotic? Yes. Disorganized? Expensive entry? Yep. Would I run it again? Absolutely. So if it's so bad, why am I giving it 4 stars? It's just that fun!When I read the other reviews to see what most people hated, don't get me wrong, they are legitimate complaints. What's my biggest suggestion if you're reading this, thinking of running it for the first time or trying it again next year? READ THE EMAIL. They send runners a final informational email to explain everything, showing maps of where to park to explaining where families can reunite with the marathoners they finish. Is everything strictly enforced, like the corralling? No. Do they have the best course support? Probably not. But a lot of the headaches can be avoided by reading your email and planning ahead. If you race, you know - something always unexpected happens on Race Day!There's nothing like running down the Strip at night. I'm going to run other cities in the future and enjoy it for what they offer. This is what we offer and I just appreciate that we can hold something so unique. It's one of many things that makes Vegas... VEGAS!  That's just me, take it for what it's worth. I have fun and if you run it, you can make it a blast, too!
5	This is a great, extremely unique event! Getting to run on the strip at night is an awesome experience. I thought it was very organized and well-run, especially for an event of this size (30k+ people).Many of the negative reviews here come from fast runners who lined up in the front. I was in one of the last corrals for the half-marathon  (there were still hundreds behind me) and didn't find it that overwhelming. The crowds thinned out as people slowed down. There was also tons of course support; even though we were one of the last groups, there was still water and Gatorade on all of the stops, only one was self-serve. The happy, smiling volunteers were a nice boost. I did miss the Gu gel stop, but I packed my own, so it wasn't a big deal.There was no line to pick up bibs at the expo and I was able to upgrade from half of the half to the half marathon very easily. The length of the finish line was VERY annoying, but in all honesty, it was good to walk off some of the stiffness that set in after a very long half marathon course and I was able to chill in my heat sheet in front of Ceasar's Palace and get random thumbs-up from people while basking in my post-finish glow.Yes, it's expensive. Yes, it's dark. Yes, you go through some of the more sketch parts of Fremont street, but it's a truly fun, memorable experience. And seriously, relax, this isn't the Olympics. It's VEGAS! Have fun, wear something bright, and just have a good time. Obsess about your time in some other race.
3	Ran this race again this year but may not again unless I have the RnR tour pass. I solely did it for my grand slam bling. I also don't like that you can't earn your desert double medal even if you ran Az in January - and I'll have to run it again this coming Jan if I want that medal. Registration is always the highest on this race and there are just too many people. Sure it may be my own fault that I choose to stay at gorgeous hotels furthest from the start line but it's always somewhat of a cluster getting to/from the event. Walking over 3 miles just to get to the start and then running what seemed like blocks to find my corral 3 had already started was exhausting in itself and not a good way to start a run. I liked that it ended at the Mirage this year but gating the finish down to Ballys made ending mid strip pointless. I didn't care for the shirts either, they went with the less is more graphic and it just seemed too plain for my taste. This is a fun race while you past through its highlight areas: the strip, Fremont, a couple wedding chapels and this year the famous "welcome to Vegas" sign (mile 1-2) but after participating twice I don't see myself being drawn to this race again over hitting new cities and other RNR events elsewhere.They did offer race day pick up for an additional $40 which can save you on having a hotel room for two nights being that this is an evening race. I didn't go that route but it's a nice to have option.Medical aid at the finish line was hands down the best I've seen. Kudos to all volunteers assisting! Very much appreciated.
4	I did the Las Vegas Rock n Roll years ago when it was on a Sunday morning at 7am. That was NO comparison to the vibrancy and fun of running the strip at night! First of all, now Vegas offers all these runner perks for the weekend. There are spa specials (although still too expensive for me), food and drink specials, and free entrance to some of the Vegas clubs for pre and post runner parties. This year I opted to run as an "Elvi" which was really fun to meet up with some other Elvis runners and take pictures at the expo. The Expo was pretty good too, although I've noticed some sponsors have pulled out from the Rock and Rolls, too bad, I liked their freebies. Brooks was there with their huge interactive display and there was a lot of RnR souvenirs for purchase. Since the run is at night they did a start line festival with All American Rejects, rather than a finish line festival. I see the point, but no one was really paying much attention to the band when they first started to play and the location was a boring dirt field. Meh, I had Elvis activities to attend to anyways. The course for the half was great-the spectator support was the best for any RnR I've done  in 6 states. People were all over the overpasses and along the sidewalks cheering on the runners-it was fantastic! The finish line ended in front of the Mirage and then we walked down past Caesar's to collect our medal and snacks. It was kind of a long walk when you're tired though and there was a lot of backlog getting our medals. That being said it was still the most fun RnR I've done and definitely would return again!!!
3	What a trip!It's Las Vegas so be prepared.I did the Las Vegas Half Marathon and I have to say, I barely made it! Of course with all of Las Vegas Blvd blocked, it was a nightmare trying to get to the start line. We ended up walking about 3 miles from our hotel to the start line. It was a quick walk being surrounded by runners filling up the streets of Vegas.  The marathon itself was good- This was my first night time run and it definitely felt different than the others i've done. The strip is beautiful at night and there is always something to look at! I loved running past the Welcome to Las Vegas sign and the detour through downtown Las Vegas. The course limit time on this race for the full is 5 hours, so you have to be pretty fast to finish. That is why I did the half marathon. One thing I wasn't very impressed with was the bands there. Actually one band that was playing around mile 10, I ran faster to try to run away from the music because the singer's voice was hurting my ears. One thing I did not anticipate though, was the additional miles that I was putting on my legs throughout the weekend. Walking around, shopping, standing in the line for the buffet, walking to the start line... This all led to semi-tired legs at the Sunday 4:30pm start time. I also felt hungry at about 6pm because my body was telling me it was dinner time. Yikes! I chowed down as many carb chews as I could find in my pockets but after that, I was out of luck. If given the choice, I would still run this race again. Nothing beats the grand views of the strip on this run! Next time, I'll try to remember to rest my legs a bit more during the days prior to the race... but it's so difficult not to enjoy Vegas while you're there!
5	This was an awesome race!!! Me and a friend ran the "half of the half" (6.5 miles) and others in our group ran the half marathon (13.1 miles). This was the first year they added the "half of the half" race. Running down the Vegas strip at NIGHT, well what can I say besides AWESOME!!!! This was the best experience ever. The 1/2 of the 1/2 started an hour earlier than the half and marathon. And it ended one block from Freemont Street. This was great because it finished in an area that gave you at least two chances to see and cheer on the half and marathon runners. Also I think if we hadn't of ended there (since this is so far from the starting line and a secluded area) no one would have been there to cheer them on. This is near the half and marathoners 7 mile, 8 mile and 10 mile markers. You see, usually at this point in a race, so far from the start and finish, there aren't that many spectators to cheer for runners. I think and hope this gave a little boost and maybe a smile to those runners at this point in the race. Runners appreciate other runners, we love to encourage each other for the hard work and training they've done. We stick together. So if you ever run a 5K, 10K, 1/2 of a 1/2, half marathon or marathon, be sure to go back down the road or street, or trail to cheer on your fellow runners. Ever runner has a reason, each of ours is different, and you never know whats behind someone else's journey. Ok back to the race, there's a warm shuttle bus that picks up the 1/2 of the 1/2 runners ever 20 to 30 minutes and drops them off behind the Flamingo hotel. This location is near the finish line of the half and marathon. This gives you another opportunity to cheer on the finishers and meet up with you friends and family. They moved the race this year from December to November, which was very smart. Yes it was cold  and yes it was windy..... but not as cold as it would have been in December. Actually the weather was perfect, low 60's and high 50's at the start of the race. I recommend that you park or stay at one of the hotels near the finish line to the half and marathon, (Mirage, Flamingo, Harrahs, Caesars, Belliogio or in that area).....so after the race you don't have to walk very far to your car or hotel. The start of the race is near Mandalay Bay hotel, a good 3 mile walk from the finish line. And they offer shuttle buses that will take you to the starting line. They advertise this information on the rock n roll website closer to the race date. Just a note: I've read several reviews and they are complaining about the long walk back to their car or hotel after the race.... any smart person would have looked at the course map in advance and planned out there parking situation or hotel before the race. Come on runners, do your homework. This isn't the "Rock n Rolls" fault that you had to walk, its yours. Ok, I'm getting off my soap box now. But with any race or event you may be involved with, study the layout, make a plan, and be prepared. Over all, this is one of a kind race!!!! They only close the Vegas strip one time a year and it's for this RACE!! Also, there are photographers along the route taking lots and lots of pictures. These make great Christmas presents for your runner. Oh yeah, and medals for ALL the finishers. One last note, vendors are at everyone's finish line, food, beverages and the expo was awesome. Next year I'm running the half marathon in Vegas, so yes, I would definitely recommend this experience, and no I don't live in Nevada. I'm at least a 5 hour direct flight away. Enjoy your race as much as I did.  :)
2	This was the epitome of a two-star "Meh. I've experience better." race. I've done big races, I've done small races, I've even done other R'n'R races and this was my least enjoyable half marathon experience to date. The novelty of running down the strip at night is cool, but the execution is still lacking.My annoyance actually began at the expo because I am the person who wants to pick up my number and get the heck out of there. I hate that they funnel you through aisles of booths to escape because seriously guys, I'm not buying anything and it's all the same crap you have at all the other expos so it's not even novel. The one upside was that we came to the expo super late so they weren't charging for parking.We'd chosen to stay at an off strip hotel because my preference is always to stay off strip, so we ran into some traffic getting to the start on race day - no big deal, we allotted extra time and were fine. What DID waste time and was annoying was the total lack of signage or volunteers who were capable of directing us into the starting festival for gear check. If it hadn't been that there was a large group of people having the same issue, we wouldn't have figured out where the hell to go. I've done big races before that they try to estimate when your corral will be released (because if it's a 4:30 start but your corral wont' go until 5:05 there's no reason to make you stand around). I would have really appreciated that because there were just SO many people running in SO many corrals, it did take a good 40 minutes after the clock time to get going. The course itself was fun while on the strip, but as other people have stated in their race reports, everything from the strip over to Fremont really needed better lighting and course support because it still felt super sketchy. I personally had a pretty slow run due to coming off being sick and getting terrible sleep the night before, but I think I was securely middle of the pack and they were out of GU by the time I got to the GU stop. As much as I appreciate all the volunteers at the water stops, giving them a quick professionalism talk before the run wouldn't have hurt either. Many of them were too busy goofing off with each other to keep the cups on their table filled with water or they wouldn't think to tell the runners standing around waiting that the next table had more pre poured cups.Once I got done shuffling along for 13.1 miles (I'm slow, I already mentioned that), the finish area was just more annoyance. I couldn't find bottled water. Whatever, it's fine, I'll take a gatorade. I had seen the bagels and apples sitting out baking in the sun hours and hours earlier, so no thanks to those. Being forced to walk through the massively long finishers area when I didn't want ANY of the things they were offering (No times a million, I DO NOT NEED A FINISHER PHOTO!) was lame and I would have been super happy if they'd had participant exits on the sides. I get the need to make it a secure area to limit people coming in, but it's ridiculous that they can't let finishers out. It literally look me 15 minutes to trek from the finish line to the end of the secure area with all the people and crap they were being given.I would be much more forgiving of the event because I get that it is a truly unique experience, but it's way too expensive to not be awesome. Deep down I'm glad I did it - but I'll never do it again; It's just not worth the cost and annoyance.
5	I love the way the promoters put this marathon together. Easy access and what a great time seeing the runners make their way down the strip. Good pre-race concert too.
3	I'm so torn on this race. I want to like it much more than I do. But, unfortunately, it's not really what I'm looking for.It seems like everything here, like a Schwartz, comes with an up side and a down side.Up side: You get to run up and down the strip. I mean, really, how cool is that? They only shut down the strip a couple of times a year, and to have it shut down for this it's extremely cool.Down side: You're really only on the strip for a few miles. You get the full length on the way up, but only about halfway on the way back down. (Wow that sounds dirty.) And if you're doing the marathon you're going to spend a lot of your time on the west side of the 15, and nobody wants to be there.Up side: It's an experience every runner needs to have!Down side: It's an experience every runner needs to have. This past time (2013) my first mile was at about a 10min pace (I was looking for about 8min). There was just a wall of people that you couldn't get around. And despite the fact we were in the right corral for our starting time we spent the entire race passing people.Up side: The organization. They've fixed most of the problems they had in 2011. Signs were clear, the finishing area was nice as you were just dumped off into the strip, which made walking back to the hotel easier.Down side: Still room to improve. Once you entered the starting area you were stuck there; you weren't allowed to leave even to warm up. And from the start area it was still a good half-mile walk to the corral we were in.This is a race to run once, and with no expectations of a PB/PR. I've done this race 4 years in a row now, and I don't think I'll be back for year 5. Unfortunately the annoyances have finally built up to the level where they overtake the good parts.
3	This is an event that every running enthusiast should experience.  I loved everything about the experience, even running out towards nowhere land after mile 11.  Because I was familiar with the course, it really was not that bad. Cool, ideal running weather contributed to an awesome experience.However, I cannot give this event more than three stars because of the start.  It was the worst start ever experienced.  The corrals were pointless; if they are not monitored or enforced, there's no use for them.  This race, for obvious reasons, attracts the most inexperienced, naive, and ignorant walkers and runners, those who believe that starting in the front will somehow give them a better time.  They do not understand the concept of "chip time," so I was forced to deal with those foolish participants for the first 10 miles.  I actually had a male couple swear at me because I apparently barged through their romantic walk.  So sorry, foolish male couple that you don't understand running etiquette.  Slow runners in the middle of the road, walkers prancing hand in hand in the middle and ends of the road, and those in costume who believe that they are entitled to start in a fast corral- you people are the reason I can only give this race 3 stars.The expo was fantastic and the overall organization was very good considering the high volume of participants.  I have no regrets, but until they can enforce and manage a better start or separate the 1/2 marathoners from the full marathoners, I will have to refrain from this race which has so much potential!
4	This is just a well thought out event. My husband has ran it twice and it's a great excuse to go to Vegas :)
4	Did the 1/2 of the half.  I've always wanted to run the strip, so when my wife found this event online, I jumped at it.  It was exactly what I wanted, and I will definitely go back and do it again next year (or more likely, the half).  Great course, great weather.  Everyone was out there to have fun, and running down the strip you had thousands of people cheering you on.  Great atmosphere.Only things I'd want to see improved:  I think some of the mile markers were missing from the 1/2 of the 1/2.  And I would have liked it if they would have had chronotrack or something like it so I could see my pace and actual finish time.  Other than that, I'd highly recommend it.  Definitely going back in 2014.
5	The BEST race I've ever done. Hands down.I participated in the half marathon on November 17, 2013. From the expo to the swag at the end of the race, this was the most organized race I've ever seen! Back check and packet pickup never had lines. This is unheard of at other races. If the glow in the dark medal at the end doesn't do it for you, there are DJs and bands playing every couple of miles. At the end there was ice cold beer, chocolate milk, pretzels, fruit, and a cool foil garbage bag type thing to keep you warm. Amazeballs! I agree that the section running through down town Vegas can be a little sketchy. But all the pros outweighed that scary section.One of the best parts of the race was all the supporters and sign wavers along the strip. Their signs were hilarious!! Shout out to some awesome signage:"If this was short and easy it would be called your mom.""You trained longer for this than Kim Kardashian was married.""This is long and hard! (That's what she said.)"And a little boy holding a sign that said "Worst parade ever!"Overall I love the rock n roll series. I can't wait to do other rock n roll races around the country. I just wish they had more night races!Tips:Run without headphones. Ditch your old playlist for live bands!Be social. Make friends along the race course. Everybody was so friendly that talking story made the time pass by so much faster.Smile for all the photo ops. The pictures after are so awesome.There are so many discounts given to runners after the marathon. From spas to nightlife, don't forget to check out all the discounts you receive!So cool:Complete multiple rock n roll series to earn additional medals!
3	I should have written this closer to the date but alas...ProsStrip at night - seriously, the view.Flat courseExpo was a breeze but we also went through later at night and were not focused on going to each booth/collecting freebiesComplementary entry (+ guest) into Tao, Lavo, Chateau, and a few others was extremely worthwhile ** yes, I am in my mid twenties and will wear heels to dance all night after running 13-26 milesGoodies at the expo and at the finish line!Goodies at the finish line!! I did not have enough hands for the snacks but they were top of the line and plentiful -- something not all races stock.Cons- Shirts run SMALL. This is often an issue for me so I take each experience as par for the course. I also had a terrible experience with a training shirt I ordered 2 months prior not arriving until after race day but the customer service with Competitor made up for it and I cannot speak poorly of them!- Shuttle (We stayed @TI and they said to take the shuttle but it truly exists for Mirage guests and we waited too long to be stand by. In retrospect we should have walked since I waited so long at the start!)- Corrals... I started more than a mile away from the finish and wasted an hour when I pace at 11 minutes/mile - The portion not on the strip is not well lit and appears to be not the best part of town- If you pace slower than 10 minutes/mile or are in a corral that is after 25, you may not have Gatorade/ goo at later stops (this is why I run with a pack but I've been stuck in this situation before!)- Finish line is pretty chaotic, you walk through another 1/2 mile or so before being able to meet with any non racers and it is a bit of a zoo (like most races)It was a different experience for me to run at night but the weather was not terribly cold (or windy) so it worked out. I had a great weekend with friends and it was a solid excuse for me to come to Vegas -- I definitely recommend that everyone experience it at least once!
5	Awesome Run!
4	Ran this race in 2012 and had a great experience. We started late but that was to be expected! Course was nice & flat...no hills anywhere! Fun to run at night & see the strip! Small section out towards Freemont where we ran around random neighborhoods, but it was only a few miles. Plenty of water/gatorade along course. Potties were scarce from mile 8-11. Great medal, plenty of food/snacks @ finish. I'd do it again!
5	This is a blast to run. I've done the Half each of the last 3 yrs, and the service & organization keeps getting better & better. It's a great course for a PR but there are lots of inexperienced runners who don't know etiquette and will slow you down at times. The weather is USUALLY ideal for distance running: 50's to low 60's with not much of a breeze. Of course, I still have horrible flashbacks of 2012 when we had 75 degree temps and a 20mph constant headwind the last 5 miles. If you are gung-ho on PR-ing, DON'T run here. The crowds and slow runners will drive you crazy. If you want to give yourself a good shot at a PR, have an incredibly unique run, and run with or as an Elvis, this IS your race. I've been able to PR every year so far.About the price: it's high, but the swag is pretty good, the EXPO is top notch, & they have awesome volunteers. Plus, I got another free Tshirt this year by doing their "Virtual training run" a few months back.Hope to see you there. And ALWAYS "embrace the suck" when you are feeling bad during those last few miles....
1	Never again! It sucked, filled with WALKERS who lied about their projected time just to get up ahead of the line in their freakin tutus. And they have the nerve to collect a medal. It was exhausting having to zig zag and hop on and off sidewalks just to get past them. I would give these walkers credit for getting out there and burning a few calories if they took the last corral like they should have. I heard some male walkers carrying on a conversation about some girl at work getting a divorce. Seriously?? This isn't the place for gossip. If you can carry on conversations, you are not trying hard enough. Go take a Sunday walk at your local park and get out of the way!!
4	How cool is it to run on the strip at night? I have done this race 3 years in a row because of the fun factor. Here is the pro/con breakdown (half marathon):PRO: you are in vegas! Most of the course is fantastic- 10+ miles on the strip at night.Bands, spectators, costumed runners & all the fun.The finisher area was very organized. Yes it was crowded but i was able to just keep walking straight & get my medal, blanket, photo & all the snacks. love the chocolate milk!VERY flat course.I know most people said they can't get a PR here but 2 years in a row i did due to how flat the run is. I did have to squeeze & dodge  in between a lot of runners though to keep my pace.CONS: Expensive- but shutting down the strip must be costly so i can live with it as long as prices don't increase.So many liars in corrals they shouldn't be in. I spent 6 miles weaving through slowpokes who should have started further back. So frustrating. & ladies don't walk/run 4 abreast blocking the entire middle! The Expo seemed smaller & much more crowded. We came on Friday to try to avoid this but it was ridiculous.The bananas this year at the finisher area were all mushy & gross. Not a big deal but i was looking forward to having one.Overall this run is a great time & i will be back.
5	I had the chance to volunteer at a water station for this event. The wind blew and I had to dress warm, and the atmosphere was amazing. Handing off cups of water to runners and seeing their positive reactions was inspiring. I recommend anyone volunteer for this event if you get a chance :)
2	I was disappointed with the race between about miles 6 and 10. It seemed like we were out in no man's land, with no music, little light, and only an occasional homeless person for a spectator. It turned out to be a fairly cold so any energy from the atmosphere would have been very appreciated. For a rock and roll race, I expected a band or two during this portion. On the upside, the reception at the end was good in the way of Mylar blankets, food, drinks.Overall, I was a bit let down but still enjoyed the experience.
5	Put this race on your bucket list then register immediately. The course takes you from the Welcome to Las Vegas sign, to the Las Vegas Strip, and downtown old Vegas. You will definitely want to bring your camera on the run or take advantage of the many Marathon Foto opportunities. I did both. Don't expect to PR unless you are in one of the very first corralls. I was in 8 and felt like I was zig zag running around slower runners the whole time. The experience and scenery were worth every penny.
1	This is not gonna be pretty.  They advertise a band every mile.  I think I counted three. live bands.  Only one was playing when we went by.  RNR is pretty good at marketing and hype, but not real great about race organization.  This run is a cluster.  I submitted a realistic time (which I beat by 45 seconds).  I passed thousands of people.  Not an exaggeration.  I am not sure how or why I passed so many people with higher corrals, lower corrals, and walkers six abreast.  It's literally a jungle trying to work your way through people either assigned to the wrong corral or starting in a corral to which they were not assigned.The course is awesome, as advertised -- lots of neon and lights.  If you want an opportunity to drink all afternoon and then walk with a bunch of friends up the middle of the strip wearing an Elvis costume, wedding dress, or tutu with blinking lights, then this is your ticket.  Sign up and enjoy.  If you want to participate in a real running event, look for one.  This one is just not safe for a real runner given the widely (and wildly) varying abilities and paces of participants.
5	It's pretty disheartening to read the reviews of the marathoners complaining about the walkers and people doing the half marathon, saying that a half marathon isn't really a race and shouldn't be allowed.  First of all, I have a tremendous amount of respect for people who run marathons because it may be one of the most challenging things to do.  However, shame on them for degrading and discrediting the efforts of people who did the half marathon or walked.Every single person that stepped on that road should be extremely proud of themselves and should be commended for their efforts.  Sure, maybe some people walked, but good for them for doing it!!My guess is that the marathoners didn't just start running by running a full marathon, but that they also did a half marathon or ...whoa....maybe even walked when they first started!!!!  I saw people on that run that ranged from 10 years old to over 70.  From really fit to well over 300 pounds.  And every time I saw them I thought, "GOOD FOR YOU!"  So what if you walked - you did it!!Not only did those half marathoners and walkers raise money for charity, but they worked towards their personal best and trained for weeks, possibly months.  No one should ever discredit that!To all the marathoners who complained - you signed up for the LAS VEGAS ROCK AND ROLL MARATHON.  You didn't expect to see people wearing tutus and having fun!!?????   GO RUN THE BOSTON MARATHON AND LET US HAVE SOME FUN!!!!
1	Run... don't walk away from this marathon.       The start is terrible as you navigate through two miles of walkers because there is no organization in the corrals.  The fun of running the Vegas strip is there for the first few miles and then you are out in the desert with little lighting, poorly marked miles (they could have lit them -- It's Vegas baby).  Don't expect it any better at the end where the narrow lanes on slanted broken up black top made for a dangerous finish where you could not accelerate and you are sharing the path with the 4 hour pace half marathon participants (visualize meeting the walkers you dealt with at the start now making the finish path more narrow as they walk into the end of their race).  The chute after the finish was way too long with no mid point exits.   They could have shortened it up to allow more of the final run to take place on the strip instead of in the dark in the desert.    I ran Eau Claire Wisconsin (with ~200 runners this year) and NYC (with +50,000 runners in 2013) and both had better energy and NYC handled the crowds of runners much better.     I am not affiliated with Eau Claire in any way but for a good marathon with as many music stops as RNR and great community support head to Wisconsin..... no gambling but an amazing event and of course NYC is amazing.Pros:   Running through  Freemont Experience (1/2 mile),  Checking Nevada off the list.Cons:   Everything else.  Log jam of runners for first few miles, boring once you leave the strip (most of the route), poorly marked, not the safest last mile to the finish, too long a finishing chute after receiving medal.    Did I really pay that much for all this?If you have to do this race it is flat and will not challenge you too much so enjoy that part of it.
3	This was the second time I ran this Rock 'n Roll event and the only reason I keep coming back for this one is due to fact that you can never turn down a trip to Vegas as well as running a 1/2 or full on the Strip.  This year I decided to see what the VIP Experience was all about as well as complete the Remix Challenge (newly introduced this year).  The Remix Challenge offered participants who completed the 5K on Saturday and any of the events on Sunday (1/2 of the 1/2, Half or Full) an additional medal for completing this challenge. The VIP Experience was pretty pricey and I was hesitant in clicking the pay button as I know most of the time you do not get what you pay for.  I have to say that with this VIP package that you definitely get what you pay for as long as you make the most of all that is offered in this package.  Included in the VIP Experience:- Expedited check-in at the Health & Fitness Expo- Access to the Roca Patron Ultimate VIP Lounge which had (drinks, snacks, bib/swag bag pick-up as well as a place to get away from the crowded expo)- VIP Reception (Friday night) at Hyde Bellagio (did not use as I did not pick-up the VIP package until the next day).- Pre-race VIP area with gear check, reserved restrooms with no-wait, viewing area for the concert and light food and refreshments- Post-race dinner buffet at Serendipity 3 - $50 towards post-race massages by Canyon Ranch SpaClub (did not use).-Swag Bag included: Rock 'n Roll Gym bag, bottle of Champagne, 5K t-shirt, half/full race shirt, one additional shirt for VIP holders, (2) key chains, gym towel, beverage coozie, and all the details/bibs for each race one signed up for. Overall, I will probably continue running this race due to the fact that it is in Vegas (and that I have already signed up for next year).  I am not sure if I'll do the VIP Experience again, not that is was a bad deal but I just wanted to see what it offered/included.  See you soon Vegas!
3	This was my first full. Overall it was fun and well organized. The shirt and medal were cool and the runner perks were nice. I was actually pretty shocked at how quiet it was on the strip. Miles 10-20 were absolutely dreadful they were so boring, and you wouldn't hear music for about 30mins at times. If it weren't for the fabulous volunteers and their strong support I may have not finished.I knew there was a time limit and I switched from corral 31 to 21 (out of 60-something) for extra cushion on the cutoffs, and barely made it. I feel bad for anyone in the the middle of back corrals running the full because if they weren't super fast they didn't stand a chance.It was nice to see the strip from a different point of view and the photographers at the finish line were great. Unless you like running in the middle of nowhere (I'm talking fields and a few gas stations), I would only recommend the half. Definitely an experience, though.
4	I returned in 2014 for the brand new Remix Challenge, which consisted of the inaugural SLS 5K on Saturday, and your choice of race on Sunday (1/2of the Half, Half or Full Marathon).  This year, every race distance sold out in advance. The weekend definitely had a busier feel than last year (and last year was busy!!).EXPO: I flew in on Saturday morning. My friends and I got to the expo around 1 and to say it was a scene is no exaggeration. I got there about the same time last year and it wasn't this insane. It was so packed, we actually ended up skipping most of the vendors because it was almost impossible to move. Some tips to help you navigate:1) Print out your confirmation sheet(s) in advance2) Come earlier. I can't say how early, but before Saturday afternoon. 3) Take the monorail to the expo centerI didn't sign up for VIP so I had to stand in two lines for each of my bibs (5K and Half) and then again for shirts. 5KThis was the first year for this option, and for the Remix Challenge. It sold out and proved popular. The course starts and ends in the parking lot of the new SLS, and travels around the area. We arrived to find a festival-like atmosphere with a DJ, lighted displays, etc. It was a parking lot, but they made the best of it! There were only supposed to be four corrals, but it seemed like they did 7 or 8 launches of people. Not gonna lie... This isn't a great course. You basically get one lane of closed traffic on the street along a loop around the perimeter of the SLS. No music along the way. It's the northernmost end of the strip, so not a lot of spectators either. At the halfway point was a junior cheer squad cheering and handing out water. They were the cutest! Finally we came back to the end, went through a light display and crossed the finish. They had plenty of refreshments, photographers, medals and the Michelob tent (one free beer for participants). Took the monorail to and from and it was packed. I think they need to run extra trains during these high traffic events. HALF (Sunday)This year, the temps dropped significantly between Saturday and Sunday. If you do this race, make contingency plans in your dress for the weather to change. It was colder than forecast and this was tough. Desert temps can be brutal (both hot and cold). We left the Westin at 3 to head to the monorail. Unfortunately, they were slowing people into the monorail and it took us about an hour to get on. We were not warned. By the time we got off at MGM, and walked to the start line carnival, they were singing the National anthem, the concert was over and the pre-race snacks were shut down. Leave much earlier than you think you will need to. The half and the full have a shared start, and there were close to 60 corrals. We ended up getting into 37 ( the best we could get to when we got there) and it took a full hour for us to reach the start line. Yes, the race started at 4:30, and we crossed at 5:30. Plenty of entertainment and spectators along the way. There is a desolate stretch around mile 7(?) just before Fremont St where you are routed through a dark quiet set of streets. No spectators, no music, no nothing. But then you get to Fremont and know you're in the home stretch. Around mile 11 or 12, there was a great long stretch of speakers pumping 80s music. It was a great pump-me-up. As you approach the finish line, the crowds are thick and full of excitement. The finish corral is well organized, especially for being such a massive race. There are tons of volunteers helping with everything. BUT, the finish corral is about a mile long. Yes, really! There are medals, beers, chocolate milk, power bars, bananas and for once, plenty of space blankets!!!! OVERALL COMMENTSThe Competitor Group (owners of the RNR series) are very well organized. Even though this race was huge, they were ready. They also listen to feedback. This year, all race distances got technical t's (with great designs). Very appreciated!Great race bling for all distances, and totally tailored to each location. In fact, the half and full medals have glow in the dark components since its a night race :)Rock n Roll have all Remix Challenge participants a black wristband. At the end of the finisher corral, we simply had to walk up to the Heavy Medal tent, show our wristband, have it snipped, and were handed our medal. Compared to the wait I had for my Cali Combo medal at RNRLA (a much smaller race), this was a cake walk. This was by far the largest race I've ever done (and I've done runDisney events, which are also quite big). While well organized, be prepared that if you're not an elite level runner, you may have to do a lot of standing and waiting. And it's Vegas, so you will be walking/on your feet a lot even without the race--be prepared! My fitbit registered 53,500 steps at the end of the day, which is roughly the equivalent of 26 miles. I had about 10,000 (5 miles) before we left for the start.
4	I ran the half this year. Compared to the first year in 2011, Rock 'n' Roll has made leaps and bounds. With 30K runners, things could be better, but they could be a lot worse, a la 2011. This is a hometown race for me and was the 6th time I've run the half. If you go into it knowing what to expect and knowing how to navigate different obstacles, you can have a good experience.I went to the expo on Saturday and it was busy. I had my confirmation sheet with me and picked up my bib/chip. If they have the expo at the Convention Center next year, and you want to skip the vendors, there is a walking lane to the right, after you are funneled through the merchandise area, that takes you directly to the front without having to bob and weave through the people and vendors. I was in and out of the expo in 15 minutes.We parked at Mandalay Bay for the race. That was a bad choice. Ideally, if you park, you should park somewhere between the Tropicana and Bally's. There is no way you are going to avoid putting on an extra mile or two on your legs before and after the race (because of distance from bag check to start and because of distance between start and finish line), but you can make it a little easier.As far as the race, this is your only opportunity to run on Las Vegas Boulevard with no auto traffic and at night. There are some dark areas, but I like the course. Yes, the front corrals are littered with walkers and runners in corrals they shouldn't be in. But this would very difficult to police. It's frustrating, but you just kind of have to deal with it and not let it get to you. These people don't realize the bottleneck and danger that can be caused by multiple people walking abreast in a sea of thousands running. I saw one runner face-plant because she tripped trying to get around a walker in the second mile.I think Rock 'n' Roll can do a better job educating these uninformed people by leaving instructions on the website and all paperwork including the bib, timing chip, and course maps to enter the correct corral. These people are at every race and I'm happy they're out being active, but they just need to consider the other runners.For me, the entry fee is worth it. I like running on the Strip at night and it's a pretty unique experience. I'll continue to run this race every year.
2	This was the last stop on our Marathon Maniacs quest for 2014. A few comments about this race.... The Race Expo was fun. Lots of raffles, giveaways, and MEB!! The Race itself is very well organized. I didn't know about the "wave start" for each corral. The NYer in me was annoyed to wait another 23 min to cross the start line. I was in corral 17 and ready to go as the temps started dropping.Hold onto that throwaway top! I would suggest the Half Marathon to anyone interested in running Vegas. It would be tons MORE fun. Running the Strip is cool!! But once you get Downtown...its pretty boring. Very few spectators (but great to see them!!) and there are bands playing every few miles but..... Also heads up, there are multiple out and backs on the course, be mentally prepared for that. The volunteers and race coordinators along the course and finish are very helpful and friendly. Although, one of us was injured and needed medical attention at the finish line medical tent ...the aid workers who I can understand were probably tired at 10:50 pm ....kept passing her of like a hot potato..and finally  told her, they were closed  at 11:04 pm and could only give her some ice for her ankle!! Pretty shocked by that! Definitely has made me think twice about entering future RnR races.
3	My last run of the year and I went out in style! I ran the 5k on Saturday night (as my warm up) and the half on Sunday night. Race packet pick up was located at the Convention Center. OH MAN! I have never been in such a crowd. We went right at 10am and there was already a long line to get in. I haven't never been to an expo with this many people at a RNR event. I wanted so much to walk the booths, but it was so crowded, we left after 30 mins. The booths were so packed and it was so hard to maneuver through the crowds. One positive is that parking was free; however, good luck getting in and out of the parking lot. NO TRAFFIC CONTROL!5K:Located at the new SLS casino. Fiancee and I drove to SLS early to ensure we got a parking space before the roads closed. We walked over to the start of the race - parking lot next to SLS - and took pics and waited for the start. The weather was perfect. In fact, it was pretty warm. I wore a tank and booty shorts. There were so many people that the fiancee didn't even see me at the start line to take my photo passing through. It was 530p and dark, mind you! We ran a bit of the strip and on the side roads. There were a couple of potholes, so had to be mindful where you were running. Quick run - easy peasy. We opted to stay and eat at SLS for dinner and ended up at the bar. There was an after-party in the lot where the finish was but we wanted real grub and beer! Half marathon: Overall, it was a good experience to fun the Strip. It was weird not seeing traffic on the strip or cars for that matter! First of all, it was cold. Blistering cold!!! Total change in weather from the night before. Disappointed that Snoop bailed as the opening act, and even though I like Macklemore, it was just too cold to watch!!! We parked at MGM Grand so that we can park close to the start line and carb load. Bad choice. We should have parked closer to the end of the strip by Mandalay! Oh well... We walked a ways to get to the start. So many corrals! I think I saw about 50. This is the largest race I have ever been in. Crazy!!! So the first several miles were cool - LV lights, the crowds, the cheers, awesomeness. Then you get to the real downtown and you see a lot of wedding chapels, pawn shops and liquor stores. When I  thought that was the worst of it, we ended up on some weird and dark side streets. I was actually scared running through the area for a minute. More lights needed! Then we get back on the strip and by mile 10 my fingers were frozen. It had gotten so cold that people were slowing down. It was horrible!!! Perhaps the race should start a little earlier?! At the finish, you would have to walk down about a quarter miles just to get out of the finishing area to meet up with your friends and family. Pretty crazy... The finish was at the Mirage but to leave the area, you would need to go all the way past Cesar's Palace. We stayed at Treasure Island and so we had to walk all the way back up from Cesars. I was miserable!!! My joints and bones were frozen by the end of the race and all I wanted to do is eat, shower and sleep!!!Again great experience and awesome to do it once, but would I do it again?! Probably NOT...
3	This was first full marathon ever - having done plenty of 1/2's, I knew it was going to be a new experience.  Couple of thoughts for those that are considering the full 26.2:- Start in a corral higher than you usually would - I say this because of the time it takes to get off the line - took us an hour ( I was in corral 29 of 50+)...- Weather: got down to 37 ish by mile 20 & was cold... not fun.  I was prepared with long sleeve top & shorts - but still chilly - Bands: most were as advertised - but as mentioned before, in the higher miles they were more sporadic Overall great atmosphere on the strip, desolate off the strip..  I'd recommend the 1/2 if I were to do Vegas again & prepare for the cooler temperature shift.Thanks to the volunteers that kept us hydrated & motivated !!
