4	This is not a review for me but for my GF who had her hair cut here.Coming from the Los Angeles area, $13 for a haircut (layers) and $3 for shampoo sounded like a bargain! The salon itself is very clean and the table tops are uncluttered; there is plenty of light so you can see exactly what you would expect being outside in the sun. The staff was very friendly and helpful! MY GF's hair is easily tangled, so it was a mess when it came to combing it out. However, another stylist came along to help out with that. While getting it cut, the stylist explained to her about different products and causes that might cause excess tangling. All-in-all, she was pleased with the results and the price she paid. And I also loved her new look! Heck, if I had hair, I would definitely give this place a try when in town.
5	There is one stylist I go out of my way to go to at Precision Cut ~ that's MaryAnn.  She does an amazing job. I always call to see when she is working.  (The other hair cutter are OK ~ but no one I wait to get into.)  The facility is understated, but clean.  The price is ridulously low ~ $11 for a dry cut.  I always hand  MaryAnn at $20 for the cut and say keep the change.  I have paid $40 to $75 in other salons and didn't bat an eye.  Can't believe the price is so good.  MaryAnn always says it's not about the money for her . . . it's about the relationships.  People sometimes wait 2 hours just to get into her chair ~ I call ahead to see what the wait is  ~ it is worth the wait.  Blessings to MaryAnn and the business.  : ) KC
4	For me, Precision Cut is convenient, fast and inexpensive with a very courteous staff. I like the fact that they keep note in how I like my hair cut in their CRM system. The owner and her daughter are charming, beautiful and gregarious, plus they go out of their way to make customers feel welcome and appreciated. The only reason I did not give them a 5 star review is that they do not wash your hair before cutting it.  I personally prefer a wash before getting my hair cut.
4	Decided to give this place a try after having read a review left by a friend of mine. I do not make a habit of EVER going to "Great Clips" types of salons as I feel that you get what you pay for!! However, due to a series of beyond terrible haircuts from other upscale salons, I decided to give this place a shot since someone I know has been getting her hair cut their for over 2 years by the same person and swears that she is the best. My friend, who also left a Yelp review on this page, states that "I have paid $40 - $75 for a haircut in other salons without batting an eye." I went out on a limb and decided that I could suffer through one more poor cut just to see. Boy oh boy was I ever shocked. I came out of there with one of the best cuts of my life. MaryAnn is the woman you want to see. Bring her a photo or a detailed description of what you are looking for and you will leave looking like a star. With a cut priced @ $13 and a stylist with over 40 years of experience, you CANNOT beat this place!! I will FOR SURE be going back for my next cut!!!
5	Love this place! Cristy Campos has been cutting my hair for years and always does a great job. She has given me lot of ideas on how to cut and style my hair and they always make time for me on my lunch hour.Thanks Cristy
4	I took my wife here for a cut.  She didn't want a fancy style, and she is not one to pay $100 for a salon.  We spotted this place and decided to give it a shot.My wife was really happy with the result, and the price was not unreasonable (which made her even happier).  We'll be coming back.  I may even get MY hair cut here (it's getting close to time!).
5	I went to see MaryAnn, due to the positive reviews here on Yelp. There were 2 people waiting ahead of me for her and I didn't want to wait, so I asked for the next available stylist. Christy W. cut and highlighted my hair, and I LOVE it!  Best I've ever had, hands down. Ten stars! She did such a good job, I highly recommend her! Everyone there was very nice, and Christy was fun, knowledgable, and very, very talented.  Not to be the bearer of bad news, but apparently MaryAnn is retiring soon. So big congrats to her! And to everyone who'd normally go see her, don't give up on Precision, give Christy W. a shot.
5	I recently had my hair cut here with my son. Christy W was great and worked well with our picky styles. Thank you to the entire staff. We will be back.
5	This place is awesome! Christie W is who you want!  She was very accommodating and very personable!  She is very creative and helpful when looking for a new style.  She actually sat down with me and discussed different pictures and styles while I decided which cut was best for me!  I was very impressed with her! I was looking for a short hairstyle cut and she was extremely intuitive when it came to choosing a short hairstyle and very knowledgeable about short hairstyles and which tools to use!  My husband and son will be coming here for their next haircuts! AWESOME service!
5	I'm very happy and was very reluctant to try someone, some place new.  The last place almost cut my hair to nothing and turned it to an ugly copper color.  Addy took very good care of me and straitened the mess the last person made.  I will definitely go back and ask for Addy.  I'd recommend Addy, she works weekends and is great to talk to and knowledgeable.
5	After reading the reviews for this establishment I thought I would give it a shot.I called in asking if I could sit down with someone for cut and highlight consultation. I met with Christy W, we talked about what I was looking for and she read my mind! I got a fresh look in less than 2 hours. Christy was friendly and very knowledgable! I enjoyed talking with her, she took an interest in my life and did an excellent job on my hair! Which says a lot! My hair is long and probably 5 times thicker than the average woman. She was not put off by the amount of work in store, in fact she was eager for the challenge.I left here happy and confident! Thank you Christy for your magic hands! I will be returning and bringing my family to get haircuts too!
3	I recently had my hair cut and colored here and had a positive experience.I think I had Christy C., and she was very friendly and professional. She fixed up my blonde highlights on my roots and then did a basic trim for my split ends. She listened to what I wanted and did a good job.The salon itself wasn't particularly impressive or unimpressive. It was fairly typical and fairly clean. The reviews on Yelp also led me to believe that this would be an inexpensive place to get my hair done, but it was over $100. This is what I am used to spending, but generally at places that seem a bit fancier.Overall, I had a good experience but I think I'll keep looking around at other salons in the area.
5	This is a wonderful salon! Cristy Campos is extremely talented and an absolute pleasure to talk to. She does a fantastic job on my hair and I would highly recommend this salon to anyone. The prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere is great! :)
5	I had Raiza Bracho she is so caring about what YOU want and takes the time to LISTEN to what your needs are! i am a very PICKY person when it comes to my hair and she was willing to sit there and understand what EXACTLY I WANTED!  i had a cut and a complicated color done by Raiza and she did everything i wanted it feels so great to have found someone that really  understands what  i like and want! you guys will love Raiza!!!!!  thank you so much Raiza you are the BEST!
5	Cristy Campos is very good at what she does. I've gotten my hair colored and cut with her for 3 years now. I highly recommend her.
1	...
5	Christy C. is awesome! She's friendly and listened to what I wanted done with my hair. Plus my color and cut look fabulous! The salon does not have the best decor/atmosphere but I don't really care about that. The quality of service is what really matters to me.
5	Laura is great!  She has been doing my hair for many years and I can always count on her to receive a good color and cut.
