4	This was probably the best overall hotel experience we had during a week long trip across Quebec. We didn't interact too much with this staff except for check-in and figuring out our parking situation when we arrived. The woman at the desk was phenomenal - extremely helpful and the bell staff were very willing to help as well. The lobby is very small but we never had an issue with that. The room itself was a bit on the small side too but it was nice. It was standard hotel decor but I liked the feel of the place with the whites and greys more than the usual cream/orange/red color scheme you see so often. The bed was incredibly comfortable! The bathroom was pretty small and there were signs of aging but it was not dirty. The one thing I can say is that the internet was not free, which is just silly in this day and age. We did go to the computer on the 2nd floor which worked out well. The location is a bit out of the way from the center of town, but there are certainly restaurants, cafes, and bars close by. Overall, a great experience!
4	Great hotel, I would definitely recommend a stay, here's why:Staff was very nice, helpful and always will to go the extra mileRoom was clean, well layed out and had all the basicsTheir suggestions on restaurant weren't "paid recommendations"The location is pretty central to downtown MontrealOverall, I was very pleased with my stay here and will definitely consider going again.
2	Another Starwood catastrophe. For my first time in Montreal we decided to stay at the Hotel Le Meridien, which on the website looked comfortable and cute enough. To our surprise, it was one of the smallest hotels I've even stayed at. The hotel was so small that the lobby is merely excistent. There were only 2 elevators, and they were extremely slow. We received a complimentary upgrade to a suite for being a Starwood Preferred Gold member. The suite was the smallest suite I've ever been in. It seemed to be more of a "Deluxe room" than a suite. It had a couch, a work station, a tv stand, a bed, and coffee table and it was extremely crowded and uncomfortable. When we asked to be moved to another "Suite" we were placed in a similar but larger room. Clearly all suites in this hotel are small... In fact, everything about Le Meridien is le pettite.
5	This place was great. The service was excellent and the staff very helpful. We are in our mid twenties and I guess we need very little to be completely satisfied but this place blew us away. It's in a lovely area of town, very safe and clean, a five minute walk from the Art museum. Mount Royal is right there and attraction heavy streets such as Peel, Crescent and St. Catherine. The view from the room was fantastic and it was incredibly clean. I wish more hotels were like this in the states. Best of all it was super affordable!
3	The room (#957)  was the best part of our stay It's a nice corner room of adecent size. Clean and attractive with good maid service. Nice bed.The lobby is just a reception area....very small & not in top condition.A few of the staff were good but, overall, they were "distant" and helpful only if we insisted. The parking valet scratched our car and woke us at 1:AM to tell us. Very honest but not  the best way to let us know. The hoteleventually ) accepted responsibility in a letter but that still leftus with the chore of making our own insurance claim.Breakfast was not what it should be at the prices charged...unless it's included, you should skip it.Overall, our stay was OK .Alan from New York
4	This is a nice hotel, a little out of the way from where things are happening in Montreal, but you can get it for a pretty good price.  The rooms are pretty spacious and clean and our corner room had wall-to-wall windows on two sides.  There's also a decent restaurant attached, and they offer free visits to the Contemporary Art Museum and Architecture Museum, just by displaying your room keycard.The worst things about this hotel: the elevator is god-awful slow and tiny.  How slow and tiny?  I promise you, ever time you ride the elevator, you will know the names of the other people you are riding with.  Guaranteed.  Even if you don't speak French.While we were here, they had an art exhibition, featuring the artist.  I really liked that they were so involved in art, from the museum passes to the rotating display in the gallery.  However, the art was of the abstact expressionist variety.  You know, brushstrokes that to the untrained eye look like they could have been painted by a toddler or elephant?  That kind.  So not exactly my taste, but they did offer free wine tasting, so they won me over.
4	I love this hotel when you get a good price. At first I was angry about having to pay for parking. I hate that, but when I realized it was valet I figured, meh, at least I don't have to tool around an unfamiliar city looking for parking. Yes, the rooms are small, but they're well done and if you looked out the window you'd wonder if you're in some European village instead of Canada. I'd argue that I'd rather have a small well done room over a massive bed bug infested from a chain.
4	This hotel is a little off from main shopping streets but close enough to metro station and bus stops. The rooms we stayed was very nice, large corner suite. It may need some improvement but for the price which we paid, we were happy.
3	I wasn't a big fan of the location.  This is definitely a small boutique style hotel, no lobby and no amenities to make you feel like you can grab a drink or work outside of your room.  The room and service were nice, but that's all I appreciated.
2	If you're a starwood regular you'll be tempted to choose the Meridien over the more pricey hotels of the chain because of its ok location and its cheaper price. Think twice. This is nothing like the home of king Louis XIV.I'll start with what made us mad. Our biggest issue in this hotel was the incompetence of its staff. Our toilet flush got blocked on the first day. No big deal, these things happen. Every time we complained to the desk they promised that things would be done asap but NOTHING ever happened. Someone would come in the room, clean the bathroom and that's it. Nobody even tried to fix the plumbing. We asked to switch room, but it was allegedly full. As a result we had to use the corridor restrooms for the rest of our stay. Not acceptable...On the plus side you indeed have the location (not too far, though not in the center either) and the price (quite cheap, especially on cash & points). That's it. The room is what you'd expect of a Meridien, clean, classic, and functional: nothing fancy but no harm done there. The tiny gym is also ok if you accept having to skip your turn from time to time when the few treadmills are already used.You've been warned
3	There is nothing Grand about Le Meridien Versailles. The outdated room definitely on the smallish size. The bathroom is so small and closing the door can be quite tricky.Free Wifi and the staff are all really friendly and helpful!Location is a little away from the action but I do like to walk off my food and beers.Staying here on cash and points is an OK deal.I don't mind staying at Le Meridien Versailles again if the price is right!
2	I understand that is billed as a "boutique hotel" so I expected some level of quaintness. What I wasn't prepared for was run down and dirty. First of all, it's very easy to miss this place, we drove by it twice as it's wedged in between two other businesses and there is not a single hotel person (i.e. valet) waiting outside. We ended up having to call the front desk and ask where we were supposed to park the car to unload our bags. She seemed confused by this request and after a few minutes she told us just to leave the car in the service entrance behind the hotel. Weird! What hotel doesn't have some sort of established valet system for their guests arriving in cars. Check in was fine and the staff was nice but I knew as I walked in this wasn't going to work out. The lobby was super small. It was cramped with four people waiting at the front desk. We were told we had been upgraded to a junior suite, so I was hopeful the room at least would be nice. The elevator was dark and dingy and barely fit two people with luggage. As soon as we got to the room, the few hopes I had left were dashed. The room size was nice but it was just....dingy. The bed was lumpy, everything from the curtains to the dust ruffle were wrinkled and stained. The linoleum was cracked, the burner carpet looked like it had been there for roughly a hundred years. Needless to stay, we checked out immediately and headed to the W Hotel. I would highly recommend staying somewhere else unless this is your only option.
1	We parked the car where the staff told us to park. We gave the staff our keys so the valet could park the car. Twenty minutes later the car was parked in their alley-like lot with video surveillance. It was on the street, locked but unattended, for 20 minutes. Conveniently it was burgled then. A suitcase, a laptop with Lodis bag and a travel tote were stolen. It is interesting that our belongings were taken while the car was the one place the hotel did not have video surveillance.  What are the chances anyone besides hotel staff is aware of this inconsistency? The hotel does not believe it has any responsibility for our car or possessions even while they are in possession of our keys. Avoid this hotel.If for some reason you absolutely must stay here take everything you own with you. No bellman is evident so you will schelp it all yourself. However, you will still own it. The beds are comfortable. Staff, other than management, is quite friendly and helpful. Be advised, though, hotel policy does not include making you happy.Look for my other reviews for this hotel wherever you look for accommodations.
4	Nice, quite, clean, near to main st. Sant Cathryn. Hotel upgraded my checked in room due to AC breakdown. Good experience. Loved it,
5	With the new renovations, this hotel totally knocked it out of the park! Fantastic staff, great location and I love the makeover. I will always stay here when traveling to Montreal!
2	If you're into convenient hotels with great service and amenities ... don't stay here.While the room was nice and clean, the staff was incredibly rude and unprofessional. After being offered valet parking, accepting, and getting ready to pay for it, the woman finally then told me they no longer had any parking available. When I tried to figure out if they had other options, the staff was standoffish and completely unhelpful. Also, the "free wi-fi" is pretty much useless - had to walk about five minute to the closest cafe for a decent signal. Overall, I'd much rather stay at a Marriot where I know I'd get proper service and a comfortable room.
4	The hotel is undergoing an extensive upgrade. I'm not sure what percentage of rooms are completed, but we stayed in one of the new ones and it's VERY nice. Not run down and dirty at all. All the furniture is new, modern, and sleek. The carpet looks like it was redone. The wallpaper is new and rather stylish. Our room also had an interesting discoball-like lighting fixture hanging from the ceiling (sounds tacky, but it really wasn't). We stayed in a king room, I want to say it was deluxe? Not really sure. It was huge, especially given that there was a king size bed, desk, and a nice chair + ottoman. Our room also had a wet-bar sink (separate from the bathroom) that did not look like it had been updated, a microwave (but the fridge was locked...), and a tiny (far too small given the size of the room) closet. The hotel is easy to miss on the street. We went in March when it was pretty cold and there was no valet outside the hotel, so we didn't know where to park our car. If you turn the corner there's a small 15 minute zone. The lobby is REALLY tiny and there is no in-house concierge. Most of the people at the front desk were able to answer our questions, but they didn't have the answers to everything (like what time the Metro stops running...)The wifi was fast, but would randomly disconnect which was annoying. But I suppose since there's no fee, I can't complain too much.All in all, a great place to stay in Montreal. It is a little further out from most of the action which has its pros and cons, but it's literally a 3 minute walk away from the nearest Metro station and really only less than a 15 minute walk from a lot of restaurants/shopping. Given the recent update, I'd definitely recommend giving it a chance!
4	I had a nice stay at Le Meridien Versailles over a wintry few days in February.  Generally, I enjoyed this hotel and the folks who ran it.  I did have one notable event: the heater in my room wasn't working.  The manager tried to have it fixed, and offered to switch rooms for me.  I didn't want to go to that much trouble, as a space heater borrowed from the front desk kept the room warm enough.  As a nice surprise, the front office manager - Derek Lee - arranged for a nice gift of a bottle of wine to make up for the inconvenience.  Since I wasn't very inconvenienced, it more than made up for the heating problem.  Thanks for a hospitable stay, Le Meridien and Mr. Lee!
4	I enjoy my stay at Le Meridien Versailles. Booked on Priceline, the price for the night was very affordable. It is a little off the Ste-Catherine action but it is in a very nice neighborhood. Walking distance to the Fine Arts (5 min) and Ste-Catherine (10 min). It's also 5 minutes of walk from Starbucks and Metro Guy-Concordia. I do not understand how somebody said in it's review that he could not find the restaurant. Seriously it is as obvious as the hotel it self. I have park for free on a friday night on Dr. "Pensfield" street (not sure of the name) it is kind of 7 minutes walk but there is always valet parking. Staff was very nice and helpfull, they upgraded me no problem when I've asked for a newly renovated room with King size bed (even though booked with a third partie).The room:Our room was one of the newly renovated room,beautiful and stylish . Very modern. AMAZING king size bed and pillows (if you enjoy the Sheraton pillows, I think they are the same). We were On the 12th floor, mini bar, umbrella, bathrobe. Only downers:-Metro/subway is noisy and YES even on the 12th floor you hear it.-Bathroom door would not close + no fan. -TV reception very poor, WIFI not so great but free.(and yes the elevator is tiny european style but I could careless...)Having said that I must say, the decoration, the bed and the location won me over. I would recommend this hotel.ASK FOR:1) Room on highest floor available2) Newly renovated room3) King bed if available SOOO worth it.
3	The hotel is centrally located downtown Montreal . 5 minutes walk to subway .We upgrade to junior suite . Unfortunately the room is dated . The bathroom is really old . The staffs are friendly . We stayed Le Meridian in Barcelona . It was way nicer 4 stars for location and staffs . 1 star for the room .
4	We drove from NY to Montreal and decided to stay here because the price is fairly reasonable.  We love this hotel and will definitely come stay again when we go back to Canada.  The location is great, close to a lot of eateries/shopping and Mont Royal.  We did the valet parking, 25 with in and out privileges, just call the front desk 5 mins before and they have the car ready.  The staff is fantastic and the hotel itself is nicely kept.  The lobby is somewhat small but our room is quite spacious with a nice view of Mont Royal and the surrounding area.  It even offer wifi free of charge, that's a big plus in our book.  It's a little far from the downtown area but we love the quietness of it. We had a wonderful stay.
4	Good location with friendly and helpful employees.It was my first visit to Montreal and the front desk really made me feel welcome and suggested some good places to check out while in town.What to Know:-Just a few minute walk to Saint Catherine and about a 10-15 minute walk to Saint Laurent for dinner and nightlife. -Free Wi-Fi
3	I spent a night at The Meridien thanks to a free gift certificate I won from the amazing Yelp team almost a year ago!I booked it for the night of Friday October 10- we were granted a spacious deluxe room with king bed. The exterior and lobby of the hotel are by no means impressive but the newly renovated rooms are well decorated, modern and bright. We stayed in room 655 which had huge windows overlooking St Mathieu street and corner of Sherbooke.PROS:  centrally located, lots of space, free functional wifi, clean room, great toiletries (shampoo/conditionner/lotion/showergel/soap bar). I was particularly impressed with the conditionner, having very long hair, I was able to comb through and detangle in a breeze. Plus their products have a light citrusy, exotic smell. My bf said it reminded him of pina colada, so even though we were just on a staycation, I could picture myself somewhere tropical.LOVE the cotton bathrobe, super comfy and made me feel like a VIP.Bedsheets and towels were soft and smelled like crisp clean detergent.CONS: AC automatically turns itself on and off after reaching a certain temperature- we couldn't keep the room as cool as we would have liked.Bathroom is tiny, there's space for just one person to stand at the sink.Flat screen tv is not HD, most channels appear blurry.Despite the renovated room, there were cracks in the ceiling and wall (see my attached photos)And this is the worse - If you're a fan of firm mattresses, this bed will be a real nightmare. Much too soft, you sink in, almost impossible to sit upright and watch tv or read a book. Pillows were also mush.Best description would be like sleeping on a huge marshmallow- sounds like fun at first, but it was a restless night as we were constantly tossing and turning. I sleep flat on my back and I kid you not, morning come, my body was bent into a V shape from sinking so deep.In all, my personal preference for firm mattresses affected the quality of my stay but I would still recommend it for the location - steps from Guy Concordia metro, but not in the busy arteries, away from bars and clubs so it's a quiet area if you're looking for something relaxing.
