4	This Target is very nice, lots of parking, and carries their advertised prices.  The associates in the cafe need a lot of training as they don't know how to microwave a pizza, lol.  This is one of the few Targets that the police don't Target (pardon the pun, lol).  It is also very clean inside.
1	Dear Electronics employee, I am so sorry to have troubled you to unlock a Nintendo DS game and a Wii game yesterday afternoon. I realized when I pressed the button for an associate and you took 2 minutes to come over that I was disturbing you. I also apologize that in your haste to ring up my purchases I failed to mention to ring them up separately since my daughter had a gift card for her Wii game and I was buying the ds game as a gift. I do, however appreciate the rolling of your eyes and the confounded sigh you let out when I apprised you of this. I have never felt more unwelcome and under appreciated while spending $85. I hope that your future endeavors reward you more prosperously then your job at Target that you clearly despise.
4	This Target is nice and clean. It is normally well stocked and the employees are friendly. One of the downfalls is that it doesn't have a Starbucks like the newer ones.
2	So it seems like this Target is a bit on the ghetto side. First time I came here the cashier/manager said I can not purchase more then 1 sale item. Which was BS I called Target and they said there is no such policy. Maybe the guy didn't like me or was racist towards me or something I dunno.  2nd trip here 2 cashiers, 3 customers, and manager on duty was arguing about fake coupons the customers was trying to use etc.. There was a lot of yelling and slowing the line down. sigh3rd trip here nothing happened which was good. The store is clean & stocked. But not a lot of works around to ask for help.
3	This is an "older" target so it only has a snack bar and no Starbucks. It's not awful by any means but it's not that nice either, the store is clean and seems to be well stocked most of the time. The employees are also courteous and helpful when i've come here. It's close to my house and at least in a decent area which is a plus.
3	I had planned to give my mom and my sister the highly impersonal lazy Christmas gift of money.  But the news station said most stores were pretty empty on Christmas Eve. Despite my on going knee and ankle problems, I headed for this Target, definitely one of the lesser busy Targets around.  Using a shopping cart I found in the parking lot for support, I limped and pushed into the store.Entering the older looking store (I've been visiting relatives near here since 2006), I notice there are no security people or greeters. In fact, it was so quiet my cart's wheels were the loudest things around. So I peruse the women's sweaters and coats near the entrance. I am no fashion dude, but I know UGLEE when I see it! Big collars that button across - like a flag. There are embroidered little stones on weird pastels, like tannish pistachio puke. Its my fault for waiting, but c'mon designers, what were you thinking! The men's department was better stocked, and so where most other departments.  I was able to find a charger that fit my personal cell phone in the Electronics department. I guess it's a cash for Sis year, but I bet she'll like the money!During my shopping expedition, a janitorial employee around 9 AM was buffing the entire store.  Other employees were stocking shelves.  They seem to have few employees, but most will help if asked.  The most interesting employee this day was a tall redhead who wore a T shirt  and jeans, exposing her arm loaded with intricate tattoos.  SO Target is not as restrictive as Disney about dress codes. My mom had hinted she wanted a canister set.  So, I went to the home goods area.  She loved the now deformed copper ones I bought at Mervy's in the 90's.  I found a ceramic set ($23) that was a little difficult to handle.  But very cool another shopper asked if I needed help.  It was so cheap I'll give her some cash...when she gets the gambling itch, I'm hoping she goes to Aliante Casino near her house, eat the $5 breakfast buffet, and spend some money on her favorite penny machine.It was quick as heck to get through the cashier...probably 5 minutes.  It  was not a bad shopping experience.  WIll shop here another 6 years probably.
3	The selection of toddler clothes left a little something to be desired. I was able to find something that worked but wished I had better choices.
1	Worst customer service I have ever had and on top of it she was trying to argue with me....I now remember why I don't shop at target thank u..
