5	In my month of hanging out in cafes in Montreal, this place takes near to the tippy top of experiences. There are a lot of cafes in Montreal. But Mariani hits near all the high notes. The design of the place is tres belle - both the inside, with their mix of 50's modernist chairs and Louis XIV vintage pieces...combined with a really clean kitchen and competent counter staff...great selection of teas, coffee roasted by Cafe Union...and the insanely beautiful terrace with a view of a huge amazing park...the Saint Zotique church on the square, and a modernist masterpiece of a  Dejardins bank right next to the church. Yes, the crowd is cool, the neighborhood is totally off the beaten path (for the NYers visiting, I liken the area to Prospect Heights...serene, and transitioning, with a mix of the most artistic hipsters in Montreal and immigrants)...c'est parfait.
4	In a cafe the tables really mean a lot to me. In fact a cafe with a table I love gets four stars just for the table. This cafe had my all time favorite table so far in all my cafe adventures. I just loved it. This big round white table. We even got to sit around it with the owners themselves who treated us beautifully.Do you think that your experience in a place is partly BECAUSE of the place? I mean I really enjoyed the people I was visiting with and our conversation was rich but I still wonder that the place itself contributed to it being an excellent experience. I think so.
3	I was hoping I would like this place. But I'm not sure what to make of my visit there today. I ordered Huevos Rancheros. First of all they ran out of breakfast potatoes, and then my egg yolks were cooked all the way through. I found the dish to be very bland.Other than that the place is very nice. I enjoyed the atmosphere. I will try it again.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place...LOVE: vegan/vegetarian options, weekend brunch, decent filter coffee, great terrace, local beer, ambiance, friendly staff, proximity to parkHATE:  slow service, inconsistent food prep (& pricing...?), cash only, so-so espresso drinksWhen the servers are on top of things and the food comes out fast 5 stars hands-down, however, 9 times out of 10, while servers have generally been friendly, they often forget drinks/sides/desserts/special requests. Poor training? High turnover? Worth a trip in the summer for brunch on the patio overlooking the park but be prepared to wait. If you're in a hurry or are not a patient person, skip it.
4	I just had a brunch at this place this morning.  My husband had the cassoulet and was very happy with it; hot until the end, very good portion, have everything he likes- potato, egg, mushroom, bacon...  I had the breakfast burrito.  It was very good - anything has Mexican name, I usually avoid it in Montreal but it was surprisingly good.  I might try Huevos Rancheros next time :)   Good brunch choices, fast service, nice take-out box, good coffee, decent hot chocolate, and close to my apt.  My  husband and I will go back definitely to try other food.  This might be it for our brunch spot!
4	I ordered a side of bacon to go with my side of potatoes... I was siding my sides and making a meal out of it - I was having breakfast-tapas... breakapas. It was bacon - not much to say about it that hasn't been said before, however, points deducted for the slices being stuck together in a giant bacon chip, but points awarded for inventing "THE GIANT BACON CHIP".
4	To be honest, I was a little dismayed when I opened their brunch menu and was faced with a list of 'complicated' choices. None of those straight up 'Two eggs with bacon and sausage' fare here, nope.  I tried to find the simplest thing to order, but everything looked equally elaborate and foreign. I was lost. So I settled on what sounded somewhat familiar, which now that I think of it, I must have once had for breakfast on a plane trip: breakfast burrito.When it arrived shortly after - this huge log of of a thing in the middle of a plate - my suspicion only grew larger. And then... all negative thoughts in my head went silent. The thing tasted fantastic! I couldn't believe it! I think my pupils dilated with excitement with each bite. I would have given the place five stars if it had not been for the slow-ish service when we got there. I think we sat idle without a menu, without any water, for a good 5 to 10 minutes before a waitress noticed us and signaled, "I'll be with you in a sec." Granted, the place was busy and they seemed understaffed.Everything else seemed fine though. The decor is hip and feels so 'right at home' with what the St. Henri neighbourhood is becoming. The white and blue landscape painting hanging on their wall is a great pick and very gorgeous. The price is comparable to what you'll be paying at popular brunch places in the Plateau. Definitely will drop by Mariani next time I'm in St. Henri.
4	Came here for brunch and really loved it. Sat on the patio which was nice. I like the look of this place as others have commented. My food was great, and so was everyone's I ate with. My chai latte was a bit bland but still okay.
4	On a recommendation from a friend from St Henri, I tried this place on a Saturday morning around 10.45. It was the right time to arrive as it filled up shortly after and there was a line-up thereafter.I loved the hip decor: two tone wood tables, walls clad in recovered wood "tiles" - it had a very European feel to it.The menu had exactly the right amount of choice on it, from the more elaborate (cassoulet, burrito, huevos rancheros etc) to the more traditional (2 eggs + sausage + beer ham and various combinations thereof), at reasonable prices. We had huevos rancheros twice - one with fried eggs, one with scrambled - the special of waffles with strawberries and chantilly cream, and a vegetarian omelette. We drank the filter coffee, two of the selection of David's Teas, and an apple juice which was the fresh, cloudy kind but golden yellow instead of the usual brown. Everything was good - the eggs were fluffy, the toast was perfectly grilled, the potatoes were crispy on the outside. The tea came in a big cup so you get a decent thirst-quenching quantity!The service was well timed and friendly, and perfectly bilingual.Next time, I'll get there earlier because I'd have liked to sit on the terrasse, which overlooks the park.
3	Great food but terrible service!! I understand having to wait on a busy Sunday morning... But once I'm seated and I have to wait 15 mins for a menu, not acceptable. It seemed like they didn't have enough staff. The food was quite good. We got the breakfast quesadilla and burrito - very tasty and nice presentation. Coffee was just ok. I would go back again but never on the weekend...
5	Best breakfast I have ever had, My new favorite breakfast place in all of montreal!
1	The 1 star rating is because they have closed.
