5	I love this place.It's close enough to my place that I can still go out, without going all the way downtown. For those nights when I'd just rather keep it real with my friends, at the Schwoegler's sports bar (which has ample HDTVs) or out on the lanes.The bar offers good specials and great service, and the lanes are well maintained and utilize quality scoring systems. Oh, and their league nights are very well managed too.Really, this is a bowling alley... I'm not sure how to write the glowing review that it deserves, but it is a great establishment regardless of my writer's block.
2	I feel like I was swindled when I went here. Be very aware, on a friday night it's $4 per person, per game. We paid $40 for 1.2 hours of bowling. INSANE! This is an ABSURD price for bowling. Not even the swanky bar/lounge/bowling alley in the heart of downtown Chicago by the Magnificent Mile charges as much for the same amount of time we went bowling. And this is the outskirts of Madison, Wisconsin. The price per game is not clearly marked at all, unless you go on the website. Unfortunately, we walked in off the street...odds are if you're reading this and on the internet in general, you won't make our mistake. I mean, caveat emptor...but I am pissed. The guy at the counter didn't even bat an eye at our incredulity, it seems like this happens ALL the time. As to the bowling alley itself, drinks are decently priced for Madison. The equipment is not particularly modern, but you're not bowling with rigs from the fifties. The selection of bowling balls is bad. The finger holes are all super tiny, and I have long, slim fingers, so it's not like I have particularly large fingers. The alley was also not super crowded, so there should have been more adult-sized balls available. The alley was fairly clean.I'll never come back here. If you want to get ripped off on a date, come here. Otherwise, AVOID!
4	This was a really nice outing with the friends. Price of $10.5 for 2.5 hours of bowling seemed reasonable. Also, the pizza was unexpectedly nice and beer was good. I'd highly recommend it.
4	This is my friends' and my go-to bowling alley.They have the best deals I've seen. We went a lot on Sundays. It's $7 for all-you-can-bowl-in-2.5-hours. Mondays were $2 games and Tuesdays were $1 games. There were Groupon deals that frequently featured Schwoegler Park Towne Lanes as well. However, whenever they have bowling leagues or tournaments, there's a good chance you won't be able to get a lane. Oh and shoe rentals aren't included in the Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday deals I mentioned above. We went so much that we ended up buying a pair of our own shoes. I highly recommend that if you plan on bowling anywhere more than 5 times. You can get a cheap pair for $20.
4	Bought a $15 "Koupon" online for 5 people, shoes, and 2 games each.  Normally $50.
1	Very Cheep Management! Really will charge you for the littlest thing's. Eg. Ask for a tiny cup of sauce. Look carefully at how cheap management is. Sadly customer is not a concern.
3	I have a 3 1/2 year old who learned about bowling from the wii and wanted to check out real bowling so we decided to go. This alley is the closest and a friend if mine told me that they have ramps that little kids can use to bowl. So we headed out in the snow to have some indoor fun. We got there and the guy behind the counter barely acknowledged us at first. Then when we were getting shoes he was irritated because we didn't have bowling shoes for our daughter. I guess it was our bad for not calling beforehand to see if they have kids sizes and they don't. But oh we'll she used her socks that were non slip. The bowling alley itself is in good condition and the ramp for kids is sweet although you have to pay 2 bucks to rent it. It does seem that this place does have charges for every little thing. Definitely not an every week outing. But I digress, we had a great time bowling but I do agree with the other posters in here who mentioned the poor supply of bowling balls. Many with tiny holes and many with huge holes. But all in all we had a good time. And the food is good too.
5	I've only been here once for a birthday party. Man did I love this place. It was way better than Ten Pin. I had an awesome deal for a vodka/Monster pitcher. The lanes were pretty good and I liked the environment. The food wasn't bad either. The shoes were clean. The public balls weren't bad. The one bartender I worked with was nice. The only downside is that my friend called in to ask if she could drink the night before her birthday for her party and they told her yes, but when we got there they said no. I would love to come back here, but tend to only bowl during the winter so I probably won't back for awhile. I look forward to the drunken nights here where I get to converse and pretend like I know how to bowl~
5	I bring the kids I nanny here and they love it. The music is great and they love the disco balls and lights. We had no problem getting shoes for them and they participate in the free bowling for kids summer program.
3	This is a quick and easy place for me to grab lunch.  Just down the road from work, they're never too busy and the food is pretty good.  The big draw has always been the $1 burgers, tacos and fries.  Pretty easy to cobble together a nice lunch for a few dollars.  But today, we found out that those prices were changed (but not until after we ordered and ate).  Burgers were upgraded to "deluxe burgers", which are a little more meat and include lettuce, tomato and onion.  Tacos went to $1.50/each or two for $2.50.  That would have been nice to know before ordering.  Lesson learned.But, with that being said, the food is still pretty good.  The tacos are quite delicious and the burgers are much better than the fast food versions nearby.  It's a great meal, and you're served pretty fast, so lunches don't drag out (sometimes you don't mind, but if you're in a hurry, you can still come here).  The folks working the bar are very nice and easy to talk to.  They're quick to top off your soda refills.  We're always greeted with a big smile, and we always get a hearty "'g'bye, see you next time" when we leave.  Very friendly staff.Overall, very good food and a nice lunch spot.  I'm a little put off by the price changes - that will be factored into future lunch discussions as we decide where to go.
