5	I did a lot of research as it was my baby's first time getting a haircut and I wanted to go somewhere that had lots of experience with children. I found Cool Cuts 4 Kids on parentsconnect and Yelp. I decided to give this location a try because it's relatively close to home. We were the only customers when we arrived which was okay by me since I was a walk-in. We were greeted by Miss Arlene who welcomed us and gave us a run of the salon. I appreciated her attentiveness throughout our visit. She did a really good job listening to what I wanted for my sons haircut. I loved the cut and her service was great. I would definitely see her again. The salon was easy to find, clean and had lots of amenities that are great for kids and parents alike. They are a tad on the pricey side ($17.95 for a basic "Cool Cut") but I thought it was worth it. My baby looks really cute and I'm a happy mummy!
1	Don't go here.. Came in advising how my sons hair is very curly and I wanted it short but even and if she isn't able to do that she can do a Mohawk both of which didn't seem well received. I asked should I take him elsewhere as my son is 3 and she wasn't even going to put him in any of the fun seats . When she began to buzz I could tell this wasn't working out . She got her manager who attempted to rectify the situation but damage was already done and no apologies were made. If she would've said sorry I would've tipped them each $5 but got nothing but "oh his hair is curly" no duh! I came in with a full head of hair and now I've got a bald baby with patches. Don't bother
3	So my baby girl got her first haircut!  She is a wiggle worm and is never still, so we figured we needed a salon that catered to little kids.  I asked some friends and they recommended Cool Cuts 4 Kids, so this is where we ended up.The salon itself is all about kids.  You walk in the door and you are just surrounded with everything kiddo related, even the hair care products.  There are lots of things to make your kids feel welcomed like a play section, video games you can play, and movies you can pick out to watch during your hair cut.  My kiddo went straight for the play tables and was in heaven.  We signed up for the haircut and were quickly called back, to my daughter's dismay because she wanted to keep playing.  Our stylist, Karina, was very friendly and got my daughter all settled in her hair cut car (what the kids sit in) and got the tv at her station on to what I kid wanted to watch (Nick Jr to the rescue!).  She then asked my hubby and I what we wanted done and showed us before she started cutting.  I liked this because I don't want my kid looking goofy.  Everything was smooth until the cape went on my daughter.  I don't know what happened, but she freaked out.  It took all 3 of us to get her settled down enough so the lady could cut her hair.  The stylist had some tricks up her sleeve to get my daughter to relax and we eventually got through the hair cut.  I think it was worth it coming here for that very reason, because I am not sure a regular place could handle a screaming 20 month old.A nice thing they did was the My First Haircut kit that they give you.  It is a paper picture frame that you can put a picture on of your kiddo getting their hair cut.  The stylist also collects the hair that has been cut and puts it in a little baggie that attaches to the frame.  It isn't fancy, but it is a nice little thing that you can put in your kid's baby book.We were there right when it opened and got right in, but it filled up quickly after we arrived.  I would recommend getting a reservation or you may be waiting a while.  If you are waiting though, the kids will be entertained, so it isn't as bad as waiting elsewhere.There is also a card you can sign up for to earn freebies and get coupons sent to you.  It is free to sign up for and you start getting points from your first service.The price is a little high for a kid's hair cut being $17.95.  It is just a simple cut like what you get at Great Clips or SuperCuts, but they do have a lot of stuff for the kiddos.  I know I pay a lot more for my haircuts, so I figured it was worth it to get someone that knows how to handle kids.  They do seem to go out of their way to make your kid happy or at least relaxed after a freak out like what we had.
5	Such a great place to take your kids for a hair cut! They have everything you can think of to keep your child entertained while getting their cut! The stylist are great with the kids very friendly & professional. Prices are pretty high but if you take everything that comes with the cut like the tv's with whatever your child whats to watch, candy toys. It's totally worth it. Must check this place out!
4	Our 2 year old had his first haircut here and been coming here since then, they're very child friendly and patient with him. The only thing I'd like to see is a loyalty program and discounts for us repeat customers. Other than that keep up the good service!
5	Shop was clean and neat. Crap my four-year-old son get a haircut. Dad usually does it.  Came around 4:30 and Tate  took about 30 mins with him wiggling. Tate is great! She's patient willing to work with a wiggly child :)  Hey what about $20 but it was well worth it because Tate is  good. She understood exactly the type of haircut I was trying to describe.
3	We stopped in here for a hair cut understandable that it was a 40 minute wait time. And again I didn't like how my sons hair turned out, but you try cutting a 4 year olds hair while he is moving around. So that's why they get three stars, because I can understand but still wasn't extremely happy.
