5	I recently had 2 storage cubes recovered.They were done in less then a week. Roberto is very nice, and I would definitely recommend this business.
5	Rather than going to the place around the corner, which was rated considerably lower, I tried Roberto's. So glad I did. I just needed 5 cushions of various sizes recovered. He was fantastic. He was very professional  and helped me pick out colors since I have a difficult time matching my own clothes ;-)Be prepared as he only takes cash or check, no credit cards. Learned that one the hard way. He does great work and would definitely go back in a heartbeat if we ever need anything else. He was also extremely timely. We didn't have a time limit, but it was completed within a week. Worth the trip and the cost was extremely affordable compared to other places.I forgot to mention he has his own fabric there, too, if you need it. We figured it was less hassle to do everything right there and worked out great. Thanks, Roberto!
5	I called several companies - Finally I got a hold of someone that can give me a phone estimate -  me and my buddies had broke the couch on superbowl - the wood and material.  He came and picked up the couch the same day - fixed it and returned it the next day - better than new b/c he re enforced it.  Great Price - I will be referring him in the future.  Nice job and thank you
5	I followed the great reviews to Roberto. His shop is filled with fabric samples, furniture, machines & a hardworking team that knows what they're doing.  I had 3 sofas, a chair & an ottoman reupholstered in 10 days. They pick up & deliver  &  his prices are fair. You can text him a photo of the piece & he will quote the labor charge. Very convenient.
5	Wow! !!  Is that our sofa? ?? My first words today when I went in to pick up our sofa.  We are extremely happy and satisfied.  Roberto and his team did an amazing job, our Sofa and ottoman look brand new!!  We will be dropping off another sofa soon.  I will  recommend him anytime. He s very nice, very helpful in picking patterns,  knowledgeable, professional and easy to talk to about what we wanted. Thanks Roberto and Co.!!!!
5	Found Roberto on Yelp. He had good reviews so i figured I would give him a try. His prices are good and he works fast. He reupholstered a chair for me. He has fabric there and also recommended a fabric store near his shop if i wanted a different selection. I like that he gave me options as well as a fair price. I highly recommend and will bring more pieces to Roberto in the future.
2	Contacted Roberto 5 days ago and was given his cell phone number to send over photos and get a quote for a couch of mine that needed new cushions. Seemed very nice on the phone. Sent photos over right away with ideas on what I wanted done. Received no response so 2 days later I texted again asking if he had received the photos. He responded right away and asked what I would like done (even though I had already detailed that in first text) and that he had received the photos. Resent the details. Then again, received no answer. Sent final text on 5th day nicely asking if if he could at least give me an answer on when he could get around to a quote. Nothing as of yet--very frustrated.Was hoping based on reviews and family business (I own one too so like to keep local when can) to work with these guys but doesn't seem like that is going to happen. If you tell me to send over photos and text is okay for quotes then I would expect a reasonable time frame of response.
