4	I was a little skeptical at first because its a little hole in the wall restaurant. I think it's family owned & operated. The inside was small and had three tables, but there was damage done to the tables. There isn't a waiter or anything, you order at the window and you're pretty much on your own after that. After my experience, I have to say, it was very delicious.The golden wings were boneless, not over cooked and the sauce was so tasty! Not sure if this was a home made sauce, but it sure was good. The cheese steaks were good, definitely greasy and filling. I could agree to their award winning.The only down side, was that this place was pricey. For what the food was, it shouldn't have been so pricey.
5	Found this place tonight randomly on Yelp! Glad I decided to try it. The food was great!! I had an order if bone in wings, cheese fries, & the works Philly cheese steak! The  restaurant is small & clean great for carry out & delivery but there are a few tables to stay & eat. The employees were very nice & friendly!! I will be going back.
5	Great Wings. I have to get the Philly Cheesesteak next time.
5	The food is excellent.  I had the garlic Parmesan bone-in wings and they were fabulous.  I asked for them crispy and they were wonderful, dusted with actual parmesan and not some weird Parmesan sauce.  The Philly is the best I've had around.  I got it with provolone and pepperoncinis.  The meat is tender and the sandwich melts in your mouth.  I wish I could get it with grilled green peppers instead though as the pepperoncinis were a little hot.I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!  Definitely worth checking out.
5	I created my own flavor of wing, a honeymustard bbq wing!!!  40 wings for $30.  Doesn't get any better than this.  Great flavor, and just great overall attitude from the people that work there.  If you have an opportunity try their cookies as well.  Next time I'm there, I'll definitely need to try one of their steaks.  Bravo Wingettes, you are my new take out spot in the neighborhood.
4	Just a little hole in the wall Mom and Pop place. Saw it on Yelp and decided to try it out. Easy to drive right passed. Family Owned and Operated. Nice clean simple eating area inside or you can get it to go. They also deliver if you want which is cool.Had to get some of the wings of course. They use fresh wings and never frozen which makes a big deference that you can taste. They get them straight from the chicken farms and avoid the middle man. Nice large wings that take more than a few bites to finish. Ordered them with Honey BBQ sauce with some hot sauce on the side for a little extra kick. I thought they were most excellent. Also ordered a West Coast style Philly which is like the standard Philly but with lettuce, tomatoes and a little mayo. Not bad at all. Next time I think I will try just the Steak and Cheese version or The Works. They also offer several appetizers and a couple salads that you can choose from the menu.Definitely worth giving it a visit. It is nice to keep the money LOCAL when you can. Enjoy!
4	We loved this place! The wings are awesome and they have all different types of sauces and the Philly's aren't too bad either! I had the West Coast Philly with beef and it was delicious, did I feel guilty after eating? Yes, but I would do it again! My boyfriend had the The Works and loved his too. I do have to say if you get wings, one regular is enough to split between 2 people... we both had leftover. There prices are right on point in my opinion as well. Did I mention they deliver?! Philly Cheese steak and wings right to our door!
4	I came home from a long day at work and found a menu from this place stuck to my door.  I'm exhausted and have no desire to cook and they deliver??  SOLD!  The bottom of the menu had some coupons and we took advantage of what turned out to be quite an enormous meal... a 15" cheesesteak, 20 wings, large fries and a 2-liter of soda for $29.99. We got the steak and cheese with provolone, mushrooms on half.  Sweet and spicy wings, boneless.  The wings were fantastic.  Sweet and spicy sauce is where it's at!  And this is coming from someone who really doesn't like wings.  These were large and fresh and flavorful.  The cheesesteak... if I was gonna get it again I would go with the wiz instead of provolone because I like them better that way but my husband prefers provolone.  In comparison I think Corleone's makes a better cheesesteak but they sure as heck won't deliver one to my house when I'm being lazy so this place will certainly do in a pinch.They were very polite on the phone, not abrupt and hurried like a lot of delivery places can be.  The driver showed up on time, reviewed my order, made small talk.  Overall very pleasant experience.  Get the sweet and spicy wings!!
4	Ok, so I was lazy again and ordered from them again.  One thing to add:  Don't order the churros.  Completely stale.  The rest of the food was still good and since the churros were free I'm not downgrading their review but stick with the wings!
5	Best cheese steaks in town, hands down!!!! No joke, very fresh meat, many options to customize your order, and while u may pay a lil more than other spots, ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY!! Just writing about it makes me want another! Go enjoy one, now  ;)
5	Delicious!  We had wings - hot & sweet chili, the sampler which consists of poppers (cheddar), mushrooms, zucchini, mozzarella sticks, and onion rings as well as a cheesesteak.  Everything was amazing!  They beer batter the fried foods and everything tastes fresh, not frozen.  The prices are pretty good but I think the sampler is a tad pricey.  This is absolutely a locally owned place (which makes it better); they're closing down all next week to attend Country Thunder, lol.We will DEFINITELY be back!
3	Liked the wings and cheesesteak very much,  but they are closed Mondays and oddly today, Tuesday, they are closed again.   Wondering if they are still in business.**UPDATE, closed again today so I tried looking around the net for more info.  I found their Facebook page with the following text message addressing customers...______Posted Tuesday April 9th via mobileThe Wingettes family is flying the coupe this week!  We are closed from the 9-15th. We will be back open for business on the 16th to fill your chicken wing cravings!  Thanks you :)______All I can say is I can't see them lasting long here.  I hope I'm wrong because they did have some good food.  But seriously, no sign on the door, no message when calling them.  All you get is a dark store and a voice-mailbox full message.  Sadly, I don't think they are very serious about business.  For this reason I am reducing my 4-star rating to 3-stars.
5	Just had cheesesteak sandwiches delivered after a long day. Freakin amazing. Even better was the customer service. Both the girl that took my order and the delivery guy were extraordinarily sweet. I'll definitely be back. Often.
5	This place was so amazing. The wings had the right flavor and heat and the cheesesteak was amazing. They have actual wiz!! I got delivery and we asked the guy if he could do hot wings and medium drums and we were told that they could not do it. When we got the delivery by the guy who took our order he told us he split them up for us because we seemed nice on the phone! He was very personable and kind. We will most definitely going back.
4	Still on the search for great wings in this city, I found Wingettes on Yelp and decided to try it based on previous reviews. Small, clean Mom & Pop business. I ordered bone-in parmesan garlic wings, and boneless sweet chili wings to go. The woman who answered the phone was nice, and told me I can mix and match wing types/seasonings, which was nice. She told me the wings were extra big this week so they would take a little bit longer to cook (I love it when I'm surprised with larger than average meat!). When I arrived I was promptly and courteously greeted, and the owners struck up a conversation. I asked for my wings crispy and they were cooked perfectly crispy on the outside, moist and juicy  and perfectly done on the inside. They serve fresh wings, not frozen, which makes a difference in the flavor I think. Best wings I've had in Phoenix so far. Great food, appropriate prices, friendly service. Thanks Wingettes, I will be back!
3	VERY saucy wings, this isn't necessarily a bad thing.The wings were well fried, not overdone. The garlic parmesan i got was just WAYYYY tooo MUCH parmesan and garlic on it. I love garlic. believe me i do, but i tasted this for a week after...I will come back if i have a wing craving, but the flavors are lacking in my mind.More/Better flavors could mean more stars ;)
4	Yuumm!! I had the west coast cheese steak (minus mushrooms)  & medium wings. The cheesesteak was amazing! The owner or cook (not sure which, maybe both) came out & showed us what chicken & beef he would be using. All fresh & perfect. Thought that was a nice touch. Wings were pretty good too.
2	I really dont understand what people think is so great about this place. The cheesesteak and fries are mediocre at best. Maybe I will try the wings for my second Groupon deal that came in the package but the prices across the menu are astronimical too.  You can spend $12+ and it doesnt even come with a soda. The only reason I gave this place a SECOND chance was because of the groupon.  My first experience initially turned me away due to price but decided to venture over anyway, then I stood at the counter for 5 minutes and the people behind the counter were too busy to acknowledge anyone was there so I walked out.  At least with the Groupon you can actually get lunch at a reasonable price.
4	We just tried Wingettes for the first time tonight. The boneless wings were really good sized and very tender. The three sauces we tried were great (medium, hot, and garlic Parmesan...VERY garlic-y!!) The cheese steak was good too. We got our order carry out so the bread was a little soggy after making the trip to our house and sitting for about 10 minutes. I think it would be far better dine-in. Regardless of the bread, the cheese steak was very flavorful. All in all we would definitely come back for more Wingettes.
1	Would love to post a review from experience, but since they don't answer their phone when they're open and when they plaster "We Deliver" everywhere...I can't.  I've tried calling 4 times today and they don't answer and it says their voicemail is full.  Not a good way to make money.Also, allowing employees to post pictures on the restaurant's Facebook page about what they do when they're not busy...with profiles that link to vulgar and obscene pictures is probably not a good way to make money either.After addressing my first issue with the restaurant via Facebook, no apology was made and my post was deleted after this incoherent response from the restaurant: "We are all family, and all families have emergencies. We had to attend a funeral, and was actually at the hospital. We were closed only 3 days that we were not supposed to be in the past couple months. And Sunday, we were open. Thanks again."So according to their response, the day I tried ordering food, they were: 1) At a funeral. 2) At the hospital. 3) Open but not answering their phone.
4	The wings are fabulous!  We've tried the parm-garlic,  spicy chili and hot - all very, very good. So good, in fact, that we went back a second night in a row for more! Wings are meaty, crispy and obviously not frozen previous to frying.
3	This place is a hole in the wall and at the back of a dumpy strip mall.  I read good reviews on it, so the hubs and I decided to try this place out.  They stated that they fry their chicken wings fresh and not frozen wings.  The wings were definitely tasty - I had the honey bbq ones.  I also tried their Philly Cheese Steak which was also really good - but a little on the pricey side, considering it doesn't come with anything else but the sandwich.  I've seen other yelper's complain about how this place is never open - and I came across this yesterday - as it shows their hours of operation during that time was "Open" so we drove there to find that they were closed.  I saw on their Facebook, after the fact, that they were closed both Saturday and Sunday.  They should announce that on their answering machine or post on their door.  Not everyone has FB.  I wish they cared more about their business because I'd like to come back and try it again.  They've stated a couple of times that they had family emergencies...so if that's legit, then fine, but it seems that it happens quite often.
3	Wings were tasty. Ordered by phone and 10 minutes later we took our delicious smelling wings home. Asked for extra crispy, but they steamed up up in the boxes. Sill tasted very good.
1	We tried here several weeks ago, and had the same experience others: CLOSED. We should have left well enough alone. We went back today and while the OPEN sign was lit, the front door was locked. The side door was open though (this was around 12:15pm, no noticed before then?). Ordered honey BBQ wings and a cheesesteak. The cheesesteak tasted like hamburger & cheese whiz, the wings had definite freezer burn, we threw away more than half. We won't be back, but we are pretty sure they wont be there long either.
3	This place is pretty ok. Great if you're hungover and want food delivered. Picked up once and was not at all impressed with the location or decor. It seems to be family owned which means I got to experience them getting snippy with each other as I waited. I asked for medium wing sauce mixed with honey mustard and was told by the girl that it probably wouldn't be good and that I wouldn't like it. Pretty sure I wouldn't have ordered it that way if I didn't like my wings that way...meh.
4	Cute little hole in the wall...big city taste!!  Employees were cheerful and fun.  Grabbed take out and the food was just as fresh when we got home.  Amazing wings and cheesesteak sandwiches!  Definitely will be back!!!
4	Just got my 2nd order from Wingettes (wanted to ensure 1st time was not a fluke). Put it this way, these are the best wings (bone in) in the Greater Phoenix area along with those from Firehouse (Tempe, I haven't been to the one in Scottsdale). Wingettes has awesome sauces (I got sweet chili and medium) and a wonderful house mande blue cheese sauce that blends perfectly with whatever sauce you get.  I do wish the wings were meatier (only characteristic holding them from 5 stars).  Definitely recommend Wingettes to anyone that has a craving for wings.
2	I order from this place quite often and the wings are good but there service is not.  the last 3 times i ordered from here, they were almost 30 minutes late and the wings were barely warm.  hardly seems worth the money when they deliver food that tastes like its been sitting for a while
5	Wingettes was recommended in the Arizona Republic and my wife and I tried it tonight.  A quaint restaurant run by a family.  They are committed to the business and it shows by how they talk about their food.  We tried the regular Philly Cheese Steak sandwich and The Works sandwich.  First, this restaurant uses Cheese Whiz and that is the only cheese that should be on a Philly.  The meat was tasty and tender, the bread rolls were soft and just the right size...I think they fly the rolls in from Philadelphia.  The Works, although not a traditional cheese sandwich was delicious and the Regular was as near as I have ever had in Arizona to a Philadelphia Cheese Steak.  ( I have eaten Philly Cheese in Philly and this restaurant is right on the recipe.)  I recommend Wingettes highly.  I will return and try their wings.  I will bring family to try their delicious food.  Great people, great food, reasonable price for a high quality sandwich.
1	I saw a review below from a customer who tried placing an order, around 5 months ago, but they never answered the phone. Well, I'm experiencing the SAME THING...5 months later. Today, we received their flier on our door and decided to give them a try (its Wednesday @ 7pm...their hours of operation are Tues thru Sun, 11am to 9pm). I have now called a half a dozen times; no one is answering the phone and their voicemail is full so I'm unable to leave a message (not that I would have anyway).What kind of "mom and pop shop" is this? They take the time to advertise using "fliers on doors", but then don't answer their phone to actually take orders!! What the heck?! I was all excited to try this new place, with self proclaimed "best wings and philly cheese steaks in town", only to be ignored by staff not wanting to do their jobs and answer the dang phone!!It doesn't seem that this is an isolated incident either, as I mentioned above, and frankly I'm surprised they're even still open for business...well, maybe they're not...no ones answering, so how would I know.LAME! And now im hungry for a philly cheesesteak dammit!
1	L-A-Z-Y!!!! I was ready to spend a good $50-$60 and they said I'm out of their delivery range. Looking at my gps, they're 4.4 miles away.
5	Best cheese steak I've found in Phoenix and the wings are very good as well. The area isn't the best and a bit hidden in a strip mall but well worth it. Highly recommended.
5	It's Saturday evening and my husband took over the kitchen for a project he's working on which means take-out for dinner, flutteryay!  I ordered delivery from their website because racecar.  Received the confirmation a few minutes later for a steak & cheese Philly sammich, 10 mild wings, and 1 can of soda, s'all good man.  Delivery guy knocks on my door about 30ish minutes later and delivers me a delicious sammich, nomtastic wings, and apologizes while handing me a 2 liter of soda stating that they ran out of cans, awesome!  I opened the boxes to see double-bite-sized nuggets of saucesome.  Be forewarned, their version of mild is pretty spicy.  They did pair well with my homemade ranch dressing which helped a bit in handling the heat.  Then I unwrapped a tube of meaty/cheesy goodness on a roll that seemed to melt in my mouth with each bite.  I am happily stuffed.  TL;DR for the ridiculously lazy.  The place has good food and decent service.
2	I order from Wingettes often because I like wings and I like that they deliver.  IF they answer and are open then the food is pretty good.  However it has happened SEVERAL times in the past few months that I have lived in Phoenix that they do not answer during scheduled business hours.  This has happened twice this week... It's frustrating and I'm considering finding another wing spot to order from.  If you decide to go with Wingettes, always have a plan B and be ready to use it.
5	Best, most authentic cheesesteak you can get on this side of town, and the wings rock as well. My suggestion, though- get the traditional bone-in wings....especially with the sweet chili sauce.Also, I have encountered the "not open/not answering phones" issue, which does suck when it happens, but when they are open and ready to serve, they don't disappoint. I'm not gonna fault them with taking away a star for this, because their food is great enough to deserve 5 stars...just be aware that the issue at hand MIGHT happen.
4	There wings were pretty great! I'd definitely order from here again. We tried the BBQ, sweet chili, garlic Parmesan, and medium. My favorite was definitely the sweet chili and the medium. Hubby liked the medium and BBQ most. Only complaint is that their blue cheese kind of tasted like ranch and that their garlic Parmesan needed more Parmesan on it. The taste on it was pretty faint. Other then that they were good.
5	I have ordered 5 times in the last month and exceptional every single one of them. By far the BEST Philly in PHX. Thanks for the awesome service!Oscar & Felix of N Phx
4	Been a Fan Since they opened the doors. The staff is awesome, this family business knows how to do the job right. The food is awesome and while I am not from philiy, these sandwiches are AWESOME.
5	I've been searching for a good sandwich place that delvers for a little while and these folks dropped off a flyer on my door and thought I would give them a shot.  They have really reasonable prices and a decent selection of different entrees and sandwiches.  I places and order from their online coupon area for 22 bucks you get 2 sandwiches any 2 apps and a 2 liter of coke.  We ordered the cheesy philly which was super cheesy and the bread was nice and soft.  We also ordered the steak and cheese fries and onion rings.  I love that even with delivery the onion rings and fries were still nice and crispy.  Nice beer batter on the onion rings and the steak and cheese fries were just what you would expect.  Chunks of diced steak with plenty of whiz.  Fast delivery too.  Great experience and will order from them again.
