4	Stopped in here for lunch as I needed to do laundry across the parking lot and I am not disappointed. Had an asada taco, fish taco, chicken, pastor and lengua tacos.. all tasted great. Rice and beans were worthy side dishes, one might think how hard is it to make rice and beans...apparently you've might not have eaten in Utah where the local flavor is "bland"If you love Americanized Mexican food and never venture of the well beaten path then do not bother. This restaurant is definitely on the road less traveled and turned out to be a fantastic experience for me.For you heat and spice lovers you will find the kick here that burns going in and coming out.
5	Great real Mexican food, salsas are fresh and delicious and they have real fruit drinks. Will definitely be back to this place!
5	Ordered two bean and cheese burritos (one for the girlfriend) and a breakfast burrito thinking I was starving and could eat. Oth...No way.These things were huge and I could barely get the breakfast burrito finished.If it wasn't for the deliciousness of it I may not have. The bean and cheese was amazing later on as well. Easily one of the best Mexican meals we had in the US and all for under 10 bucks.
5	I've met the owner of this place a couple of times, he takes pride in his business and only uses fresh ingredients he takes pride in not using anything that is frozen.
1	I ordered 2 sopes for myself and a burrito for my brother. My brother love the burrito and I like my food. The meat was cooked perfect and it was delicious. I give this place one star for a simple reason. My sopes came with guacamole. It wasn't until I got home and was getting ready to eat that I saw that the guacamole was almost black. I wouldn't even feed that to my dog. When I went back to the restaurant to have them change it they just looked at me like of there was something wrong with me. After explaining to them that I refuse to eat it because it was obviously very old, they made me fresh sopes WITHOUT guacamole. I expected the guacamole on them but apparently they didn't want to made fresh guacamole. I'm very disappointed with that simple fact. I refuse to ever go back or even recommend someone to this place. There are places with fresh food that is just as tasty.
4	Good food, tasted quite authentic. I had a fish, chicken and pork taco and finished them all pretty quickly. The highlight was definitely the fish taco, heaps of avocado and flaky white fish. Very nice, planning to go back.
4	Another great find off the beaten path.  I ordered two cabeza, two carne asada, two al pastor and one fish taco.  Off all of them the al pastor were the best.  The cabeza was great and the carne asada, according to my dining partners was "pretty good."The fish taco turn out to be grilled tilapia.  My partner was expecting the baja style deep fried.  I brought it back to the counter and asked if they indeed offered that variety of fish taco.  The owner/cook explained that they only have one deep fryer, primarily for french fries and that frying fish in it would taint the oil.  Perfectly understandable.But here's where it gets good.  He offered to make another taco, any version I wanted and to go ahead and keep the fish offering.  He understood that my partner didn't like it but insisted that I enjoy it myself.  I have to admit, it wasn't my style either.HA!  Minutes later not only did he bring back a replacement taco, but two of them!  Outstanding customer service.They have a self serve salsa bar that has a better than average selection of salsas, a highlight being a very unusual white based sauce that was very spicy.  Cheers for offering a Oaxacan based, very very rare salsa.   Limes and carrots are also offered.May be considered by many to be a Yelp 3 star, but the customer service absolutely bumps this place to a 4 star.  Buche, birria and other varieties of tacos are offered.Location may seem somewhat undesirable, but it is what it is.  I will be back and would recommend the place to anyone jonesing for tj style tacos.  About 1.5 miles from the strip.
4	I was staying at the Embassy Suites and I was getting hungry.  I decided to do a search and destroy and find me some pizza place to eat at.  I came across this place and looked at it and decided not to eat there.  It just looked gross and there were a few homeless people at the door.  I walked away and pulled up yelp and saw that it got good reviews....hmmmm.  I decided to give it a try.  I ordered the Carne Asada Combo.  It came with beans, rice and tortillas and it was damn good!  The portion was amazing and the guy that made it for me was very nice.Like others have said it is in a bad area, I was ok with it, been in worse, but if you are the yuppie type or scared of these types of places, might be best to stay away.I wouldn't though, I will be back the next time I am in Vegas!
4	Excellent flavors, very authentic. Fun to try all the salsas. Atmosphere is dated and worn, but the reports of the bad neighborhood are over stated. Would have like real silverware. Meats are tender, rich complex tastes. We will be back.
