1	Id been here a few times and the service was always unprofessional (texting and talking on the phone mostly). The performance of the technician is shotty but today takes the cake. The technician pull a huge chunk out of my eyebrow and then refused 2 admit it was her fault. She asked if I had a scar there and if i was sure. SUPER horrible! Will never go back!!!
2	Came here a little while ago to get my brows done. The girls in the MAC make up store recommended it. I walked in and the only person there was a girl behind the counter. I told her I needed my eye brows done and so she put down her cell phone and told me to sit down. I probably should have left then, but I really needed them done. Now, I guess it was my fault to assume I was going to be waxed, but instead she threaded them. I've never had them threaded before so I don't know what it's supposed to be like but whatever she did hurt so much I couldn't even open my eyes to look at them. I almost told her to stop after the first eye but that would have been silly. I'll never go back. Only plus side is my eyebrows did end up looking pretty okay. After I paid she picked up her cell phone, started texting, didn't say good bye, thank you or anything. I will never go back. Such awful customer service, I was uncomfortable the entire time.
4	So glad I found this place! I went to get my eyebrows threaded yesterday for the first time. Janine was the lady who did my eyebrows. She was very thorough and did a excellent job. I look forward to going there again.
5	I hate making appointments for things like getting your eyebrows threaded because it only takes 10 minutes and it's one of those things you just want to get done when you want to get it done.Conveniently located in Fashion square. it's only $10 for eyebrow threading and if you keep your receipt, it's $2 off the next time! Can't beat it! They do a good job, it's cheap, and hassle-free
1	This place is closed!
2	Hey everyone Sunita the old manager from Just Strings now works at Ibrow Threading at Tempe marketplace ! :D
