3	Great staff, good atmosphere, the food has room for improvement.  Aioli was bland, the grilled cheese was essentially cheese-less, and there was cheese in my fiancee's wrap, despite specifying (lactose allergy).  The staff was genuinely concerned, though, and the pizza and guacamole were pretty good.  The wrap was great the second time around.
4	Cam here a few days ago with a friend and we sat at the bar. I'm origianlly from the East End but no longer live in Pittsburgh. This restaurant is in the new Bakery Square shopping center. The bartender that waited on us was very sweet and was a winker...cute. I ordered the beet salad and we split the truffle mushroom pizza. Both were very good. The beer list is also pretty extensive; I got a few IPAs. My only peeve with the place was that it was VERY bright. I didn't think it should be dark- but I felt like I was hanging out drinking in a department store/grocery store with the intense overhead lighting. Overall I think it was good but I prefer my restaurants a little moodier :)
2	Menu is basic bar and grill cross section.  We had something from almost every section amongst our group, and it was all satisfactory.  Nothing awesome, but nothing disappointing.  The prices averaged maybe $1 per item higher than the many comparable places in Shadyside.  Which begs the question, why come to a less pleasant neighborhood for the same menu we can find (slightly cheaper) nearby at Mario's, Harris', Shady Grove, Bites and Brew, Elbow Room, 1947, etc?There was also a diner with a dog on the patio while we were there.  I personally find it slightly off-putting to see a dog licking off one of the dishes.  But, if you have a dog, it might be a pet-friendly place to go for a meal.  I noticed another there as I was passing by today.I wouldn't mind going back if someone I was with wanted to, but I just can't see a compelling reason to chose this place over the similar options on Walnut or Ellsworth.
5	This food is amazing. It's always so fresh. The turkey burger has so much flavor. The staff is so friendly, the genuine friendliness not fake. I have now been here four times and it keeps getting better. I highly recommend coming to try their food.
4	I keep thinking about the delicious turkey burger I had here. That's when you know you had a good meal! All I want to do is go back and get another. And another. And another! My friends, it's the best turkey burger I've ever had!But the thing is, it was good on all levels. The smoked gouda, lettuce, tomato andmango ketchup made it a dream. And let me tell you, I usually have to douse my burgers with condiments, but everything was the perfect amount. And the bun was awesome. I believe it was a potato bun, but whatever it was, it was a really good bun:)I also ordered tots, which were good and crispy... but that burger just shined! Oh yeah, there was also some good ahi tuna nachos too. They were really good actually, but... you know what I'm gonna say... the burger was the best! But just so you know, the nachos are not necessarily nachos, but one singular chip with ahi tuna and gauc on top. They're a small portion, but a good starter.I also like the fun atmosphere. It's really just all about being social. I like the wide open feel. So even though I was there for lunch, I'm definitely going back for a happy hour or late night with friends. Definitely a very strong start for this new joint!
4	I wasn't sure what to expect based on the mixed reviews, but I'm happy to say my expectations were surpassed!The space is a bit industrial, but also very open and conducive to socializing.  The menu has fun "prompts" written along the top in case you need a little help getting the conversation started.  Or you could go with my preferred method of social lubrication, alcohol, and get yourself a drink from the fully stocked bar.  Your choice.The menu is standard bar food, kicked up a notch and freshened up a bit.  Instead of plain ol' nachos and cheese, they're serving up a delicious app of ahi tuna nachos, complete with guac, wasabi, and sriracha.  Be aware: this dish comes pre-portion controlled, aka you get five nachos, individually topped with an appropriate amount of ahi tuna and guac.  This is a good thing, because you'll have plenty of room to enjoy your main course.I went with a salad known as "The Beet", a lovely combo of arugula, goat cheese, walnuts, roasted beets, green apple, and orange walnut dressing.  From looking back at the menu, I also noticed that this salad contained an item known as "roasted reds". I cannot recall what the "roasted reds" were, I may need to go back and investigate. But I digress.  Mystery item or not, the salad was tasty.  For all you picky salad eaters out there, Social offers a "Social Market" option, where you can use a little mini golf pencil and a checklist to create your own salad.  Perfect for when you're feeling particularly persnickety.Finally, the drinks.  I was sticking with plain old water on this trip, but I did stare longingly at at the pitcher of sangria across the bar.  They've got a small but diverse wine list, some interesting cocktails, and a few "social mixers" that can be ordered by the pitcher.  They also have a blackboard of seasonal drafts and a large selection of canned beers.  Be sure to check out the daily specials, "Martini Monday", "2 for 1 Tuesday" etc. for deals.
2	Brand new, but lacking luster.  The descriptions on the menu belie the actual appetizers and entrees.  This "gastropub" was suggested to me for happy hour by a colleague.  At first appearances the menu suggests interesting twists on standard pub fair, but don't be fooled.  I ordered the "dewedged" salad that claims pancetta as an ingredient.  What actually appeared on my plate was cold chewy bacon bits.  The consensus at the table was that the food fell far short of what was touted by the waitress as being made predominantly in-house.There's a caveat to the $2 can Tuesday happy hour: It only applies to beers $4.50 and under.  Sadly, the beer selection is limited generally.  The beer selection priced at $4.50 and under forces you to choose from run-of-the-mill beers like Red Stripe, Blue Moon, and Yuengling.I had a better experience at Industry Public House in Lawrenceville.
3	I'm going to give social a 3 and heres why. the food here was good, actually everything we ordered was good, so no issue there. However, the space itself is pretty jenky for being brand new, the entrance is in the way of the waiter traffic, the layout make you feel like you may never see your server again, and to top it all off they have exposed refrigerator, with a slight bit more care, or through hiring a decent design organization this place could be awesome, but much like the rest of bakery square this place seems not quite done
2	socials concept is nice. i like the well designed menus and at a glance, there were lots of things to choose from... however...the lighting in there is very bright. awkwardly bright. and something about how its painted made me feel like i was in a cafeteria. i'm a young 20-something that eats at modern restaurants all the time but this place didn't execute to it right. it feels stark, like i'm sitting in a garage almost. tables were too close together (guy behind me and my head were basically touching), host and waitress were both passively nice in a weird way, and there was not a young crowd here. actually surprised because it was a lot of families and older folks - totally fine - just not what i expected at all.food was not good. i had a salad that i almost sent back. too much dressing, butter lettuce on a caesar (so weird), and the dressing didn't taste "truffled" as the menu suggested, it actually tasted really generic and not very caesar at all. my friend got a sandwhich that did not have much meat. we were disappointed.honestly, i think things could be improved here and i'd try it again. they have the typical daily specials like sister-restaurant shady grove, but at this point, i'll stick with the original.
2	I really wanted to like Social, I really did, yet while they have a great space, both the service and food was lacking.  I stopped by here this past Tuesday evening with my fiance and two other dining companions. My fiance and I had been looking forward to coming here since we noticed that it opened.  From the street it looked like a fun place and the same could be said whenever we walked up to it.  Outside of the restaurant is some patio seating and a ping pong table while the inside has a dominating bar in the middle with seating around the outside.  There is a lot of open space though and so it feels quite large.After looking at the menu I was having a hard time making a decision as to what I wanted for dinner.  This night I was not in a mood for a sandwich which pretty much left me the options of having a salad or a pizza.  They did have an interesting concept for the salad though where you could make your own.  They had a pad of paper and you could pick the toppings that you wanted on the pad and give it to the server.  I ended up passing on that as it seemed too pricey and ultimately went with a large Pierogie Pizza.  Whenever it came out my first though was that the name was misleading as the pizza had cheese, some onions, scallions, some potato pieces that reminded me of home fries, only a bit larger, and pancetta.  Granted I know that in its simplest form a pierogie is potato, dough and topped with onions but I still think they would be better off to call this a loaded baked potato pizza as that resemblance is much stronger.  No matter what it was called, I can't say that I enjoyed it too much though.  The crust was at least done right as it was a little crispy and had a good taste to it.  The sauce was MIA and I honestly couldn't tell if there was any of the garlic oil that was mentioned on the menu on my pizza.  Finally the toppings were good although not exactly what I had been expecting with the caramelized onions being my favorite part.  Beyond the food I have two other things to note about our experience.  The first is that our waitress was slooow.  I understand that she had tables both inside and outside (poor decision by the manager?) but she went missing for long periods at times which made it difficult to order extra drinks.  The second item is that one of our dining companions had a quite large and sharp piece of a walnut shell in her salad.  She bit into it and hurt one of her teeth pretty good on it.  We were not looking for a free meal or anything from it and pointed it out to the waitress who said something like "Ohh".  Awesome, we just wanted you to let the kitchen know so that they could be more careful.The bottom line for me is that I might head back here again in the future but certainly not for food.  Both the service and the food disappointed me and while I did not order any of their drinks, they have a nice list and I was eying them up and imagine that I could enjoy one in the environment that Social has.
5	Awesome food. I love the atmosphere. Wasn't sure what to expect when they announced it was going in, but they've exceeded my expectations. My favorites so far are the cauliflower bites and the meatball sliders. They also have some sweet high tech additions to the bar including charging ports below the bar for your phone, a jukebox you can control from your phone, and dartboards that allow you to play against someone across the world. Cool place. The owners are cool too, very friendly and awesome. I work across the street and it's great to have the smell of a burger cooking outside once and a while!
3	On a beautiful summer evening, I was excited to try sitting in the porch. It's pushed up against Penn Ave., and hence is wonderful every five minutes or so when the stop lights line up just right to quell traffic. Otherwise, not so much. There was a strange intermittent smell of sewage as well. Bummer. The inside wasn't appealing as it was ice cold.On the plus side, the shrimp salad I ordered was made with fresh crisp ingredients and was quite tasty. I also sampled the Thai pizza which comes on an incredibly crispy crust. It was vaguely reminiscent of something you'd get at California Pizza Kitchen. There's also a decent beer list. Overall, I wasn't terribly impressed, but that wasn't really their fault. The sewage smells while eating don't exactly help a meal. I'll give them another chance in the future and probably sit inside (and bring a jacket).
5	Went for dinner and drinks. Great patio, really good drinks,  and we all really enjoyed our meals. The crowd and vibe were fun. We will definitely be back. Check out the house made turkey burger and nightly drink specials.
1	Absolute worst bar experience I have had in a summer of any food and drink establishment all summer. I just moved to point breeze at the beginning of August and was excited to find that there was a saving grace of a bar in walking distance. (The past three years were spent living above a bar in South Side, so the concept of driving to bars is a new experience) This was my second trip to Social; the first was on a Friday night before tripping around Shadyside and the Strip District where my bf and I used it as a warm up spot. We met the owner and his wife who at least made the drop by more welcoming than the bar tenders or the drink specials but overall unimpressed. This second trip, a Monday, was to give the place a chance as to catch a quick bite to eat and catch a couple glimpses of the first week of Monday night football.We sat at the bar, which housed maybe 10 people alltogether, a typical number for a monday night around 930pm and tried to get the attention of either of the two bar tenders on duty. My boy had a canadian beer (served promptly with a opening click of the tab on the can) and supposedly having a martini special i ordered a regular vodka martini, as somehow there seemed to be no martini specialty drinks to be found anywhere on the menu. I've never had a more horrible vodka experience in my life. It tasted like gasoline. I gave it to the boy, as he had taken 2 shots of vodka before leaving the house and already had the taste of it in his mouth, yet he couldn't stomach it either. I replaced it with my regular order of a vodka soda water as I spotted my favorite boyd and blair, yet still cannot figure out what they did to change it's distinctive potato vodka smoothness. And as none of the bar tenders tought it worth while to check on us, i remained quite sober for the food experience.We became quite excited when we spotted a familiar face in the head sales manager and ordered two of the appetizers on the menu. The boyfriend found it difficult to wolf down two of the meatball sliders and after eating the third as leftovers the next day at work I cannot understand if they mangled the meat of flavor before scrunching it up and covering it with marinara and pesto or just used the neighborhood cat. The kale & artichoke dip (no -- kale is NOT the next spinach) was decent enough, however for only being open for a couple weeks, you should at least have fresh pita. it's supposed to be Bakery Square, not previous-day-stale-leftover-square. In the end we were finally able to get one of the two bartenders attention, who, to save his reputation, was kind enough to not charge me for the martini (which was supposed to be 6 according to the special, not 8) and we skedaddled back home. I will not be frequenting this bar again.Reasons why pittsburgh will love it:-It caters to the cities blue collar nature in environment, which reminds you of your parents redone garage in highschool, drinking canned beer and shots from plastic mini shotglasses.-you can sit outside when it is nice, and on pitcher beer special night or weekends, you can play beer pong on the bakery square ping pong table-it is owned by the same people as shady grove, walnut grove, up, etc so it has the reputation to build off of once they finally fix the menu-it's in a great convenient location in an upcoming part of town-we had 2 drinks that were practically all alcohol, 2 beer and 2 appetizers and the bill was $35 after tip.-it will be full of your friends and you will enjoy dodging the penn avenue traffic after getting tipsy on wine special fridays.So, for those out of towners spending a couple days at the Suites in the Square and want a genuine pittsburgh experience at a local bar. Have at it.
2	I've been wanting to try Social for some time b/c it's in my 'hood, always seem packed, and the menu looked interesting. I was famished after a long day's work and decided to give Social a try. I was really disappointed with the food. I ordered the jerk wings and the house salad. First, I don't know how they can call what they brought out to me as "jerk" wings. I'm jamaican and know jerk sauces. What was on the chicken was simply a dusting of a mixed herb seasoning. The cilantro sauce that came with it was way too salty. Second, the wings were overcooked and really dry. I really wanted to send it back, but I was famished. The house salad was average at best. Don't know if I will try Social again. If I do, I'll probably pass on the food and just have a drink.
3	Not too impressed with the food here. I had the peanut thai pizza, which was alright, a bit on the dry side. My boyfriend got the shrimp salad, which was a little better. I would probably give this place another try though since their menu seemed to have a lot of interesting options. Maybe they were just having an off night. The waitress was really nice and helpful.
4	Came here on a bustling evening after an event at Google. The place was busy, but not packed. It was loud, but not obnoxious to the point we couldn't have a conversation. It's obviously designed to accommodate large groups of diners and bar patrons and engineered to feel 'active.'The canned beer selection was interesting and I found a style of Anderson Valley that I hadn't seen in Pgh before. Bonus!Pizza was fantastic. I'd rate it up there w/ some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh. My wife had the grilled cheese and enjoyed it. It wasn't mind-blowing, but classic and it hit the spot.Our friend had the cauliflower patties, which we'd tried -- and loved -- at an event earlier. She wasn't disappointed. She happens to be gluten free as well so the availability of a hard cider option was welcome.The build your own salad options looked cool too and I'm looking forward to trying that out. Overall, this is a great space. The patio looked cool and possibly a great lunch spot. The noise/distraction level may be a turnoff to some and is the only reason I couldn't go full 5 stars.
4	I cannot stop thinking about the banana pepper appetizer from Social. It was a crock of melted mozzarella, sausage, marinara and peppers. It reminded me of all the best parts of a lasagna. So so good! Our server was great and kept our drinks refreshed. I ordered a design-your-own salad and didn't really like the looks of the chicken when it arrived. Their manager swooped the salad away, no questions asked, and switched out the chicken with shrimp.I returned for drinks later that evening and discovered that the kitchen closes as 11. It was 11:10 - sadness! A little while later, we ordered our last call drinks though I ended up leaving some behind when the lights were turned on and we felt like it was time to head out. Next time I'm in town visiting Rachel C I'm going to request a visit to Social so I can be reunited with that pepper appetizer!
3	I have been to social a couple of times.  All the times I get the same feeling.  This place has real potentials, especially due to its location and atmosphere, to become a popular joint with locals, but I think there are a few things that need to be improved here.  I understand that the place is fairly new (I think right now it is not even 2 months old) but the service stuff, even though polite and helpful seem to not be aware of the menu and some basic processes (e.g., remembering orders, splitting bills, leaving straws for drinks etc.).  Coming to the food part I have mixed feelings.  Whatever I have tried tasted ok, however many times most of the people in my company are not really satisfied with their plates.  All in all, I think I will give it a try again but maybe a couple of months later so as people to have some time to improve.
1	I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it go in, so I went for happy hour with a friend. I got there quite early and sat at the bar; figured I would just have a drink until she got there. I ordered a lemon drop martini--a favorite drink, and something that most bars can handle. I have no idea what the bartender put in this. I think it was sour mix and a very small amount of vodka, based on how incredibly sweet it was. The bartender asked if it was ok; I said it tasted awfully sweet so he kindly offered to add more lemon juice. He added quite a bit more "juice" from a container behind the bar and the drink tasted exactly the same--which is why I think it was sour mix. Oh well, I thought, I can stand to drink this and I'll switch to wine afterwards. The bartender apologetically explained that he "is not a martini person" and left. Fine, I get that...but this isn't a complicated drink and *you are a bartender*. I finished that drink and waited about ten minutes for the bartender to notice (again, at about 5pm on a Tuesday, when the bar was perhaps 1/4 full). He finally came over. I ordered a glass of wine. My friend texted to say she was finally on her way. Five minutes later, still no glass of wine in sight. I told her it wasn't worth coming and we met at Casbah instead.I finally flagged down the bartender ten minutes after this. He seemed to have no recollection of my wine order so I paid and left. Definitely won't be back! The specials were...nothing special, and certainly didn't rival the many better happy hours in the Shadyside area.
3	Wow, people were right about the smell outside.  I really hope that if you do come here, you take a seat inside.  I hope that they figure a way to overcome the storm drain right next to the patio area, it's unsettling.Asides from the smell, the atmosphere is, um, how do I put this, uppity.  I felt like I was looked down upon by the other patrons.  Really, you're in East Liberty, a block away from Larimer and Homewood.  So what, you're in the same building as Google, that doesn't make you any better than me.Now, to the food.  The most amazing part of this place.  My favorite was the kale and artichoke dip.  The chunks of artichoke were so big, so tasty, that it made me forget the other things.  The service here too was well above average.  Very nice, and very happy.  Knowledgeable about the menu and able to answer all my questions.  A return visit here would definite have to be one where I sit inside and go at a different time in the day.
5	Wow. Another 5 star review. Can I help it that PGH has some awesome places to go out and eat?Went here for lunch with my wife today - we had it on our list since the Yelp Geeks Out party, where we enjoyed a sampling of some of their appetizers. Rachel had also written a lot of great things about the place, so we decided to check it out - so glad we did!It's great to see a new place packed... PACKED for lunch. We were politely told by the hostess that we would have to wait for a table, but could sit at the bar and order if we wanted to. Once again, glad we did! The bartender was friendly, efficient, and attentive. He certainly was skilled at making a whole variety of interesting drinks for the patrons while we were deciding on our order.We decided to try their shrimp 'tacos' (the taco shell is actually a rather tasty wonton, much like their tuna 'nachos') and a beet salad and shrimp salad. Awesome. The grilled shrimp were pretty much the tastiest shrimp I've ever had. Anywhere. The goat cheese and beet salad was tasty and filling, and the nice part was that both salads came with the dressing on the side, so you can dial it in or out as you see fit.Prices are reasonable, and overall, this looks like a great place to have lunch or meet up with friends to watch a game or two. Will definitely be back!!!
3	The cauliflower cakes are awesome. Crispy outside with a soft tasty inside. Served with an aioli sauce that compliments them very well. Also had some wings that were very crispy and seasoned to perfection. The sauce was served on the side which was a nice touch. The wings were spiced enough to stand alone on their own and the sauce was a nice compliment.
2	I was really excited when this place opened, but my excitement quickly faded once I dined there. The portion sizes are the size you would expect for a "small plates" dish and while the food was not bad, it was not good enough to command the price of tapas. My old fashioned was equally miniature. After we finished our food and first drinks, I was tempted to order another round of EVERYTHING (both food and drink) but decided that was quite socially acceptable since the dishes were not supposed to be small plates. We ended up just getting more drinks and leaving hungry.Our waitress was overly nice, almost to the point of annoyance, but I guess that is better than the opposite. The patio is Social's one redeeming factor, but since it is almost winter I will have no reason to go back any time soon.
3	Sadly I was not impressed with this place. I was excited for it to open, it looked promising, great branding and the interior and patio are actually very nice. But the food was lacking for me.We went on a Friday night and it was dead...of course, Bakery Square is not really a nighttime hangout but for a new place I expected a bit more buzz. A look a the menu definitely confirmed that this is really a lunchtime destination...all pizza and sandwiches and salads. When I walk by there during the day you can definitely see it's a go-to for the button-up-and-tie set in the area, which is fine, but I was really expecting more atmosphere from a place called "Social." It seems more like it should be called "Business."I love the build-your-own salad option and will be sure to try that soon; it's a good twist on the build-your-own burger everyone is copying off of nowadays and I'm a sucker for a salad with great toppings.I ordered the jerk wings appetizer and was pretty disappointed. The wings had absolutely no flavor, which was surprising. It pretty much tasted like plain fried wings with a bit of salt. The salsa they include with the wings was great, but it didn't make up for the lack of flavor in the wings themselves. When I order JERK wings I'm expecting a big kick of flavor!My husband got the grilled cheese and soup which he actually really enjoyed, so that saves Social a star on my rating. The service was neutral; not bad, not great.
3	I could not wait for this place to open as I live within walking distance and Bakery Square has been in desperate need of a restaurant/bar.  It is a great place for a large group for happy hour. Also great to go when it is nice outside and you can sit in their outdoor area which has picnic benches.  The daily drink specials are awesome. Tuesdays are BOGO fancy drinks which includes their Sangria (not the best I have had) and margaritas which are so tasty. The pizzas are their specialty and large enough for two people to share. I have gotten salads both times which are delicious and they even have a create your own salad option. Top that off with the scrumptious ice cream cookie sandwich is a must.  The only thing that disappoints is the decor-I just don't get it, kind of an arcade theme with plants that look like they are growing from the walls.
4	First of all, it is in East Liberty, Bakery Square--not Shadyside!  Give credit where credit is due!!  We had an hour to kill so we stopped in on a Friday night about 9:00.  Hubby and I were able to sit at the bar, several open tables around.  Nice crowd of people, mostly couples.  Ordered the stuffed peppers--they were delish!  Each of us had two drinks, I had a berry mojito for $9, and although I could not taste the alcohol, it was yummy.  Hubby had two Guinesses.  Overall, prices are comparable to what you pay in the rest of the city, bartenders were very friendly, I'm sure we will be back.  I would not say this would be a destination for us (mostly because of the parking in Bakery Square), but it is a nice "lay-over."
2	Mediocre food, cold cavernous room, loud, way too expensive for what you get (quality and taste of the food is a notch below Eat N' Park, for example).  It's a shame because the location is great and their staff is wonderful.
2	Was the turkey burger good? Yes. Pretty good.Was my friend's hamburger good? Eh. Nothing to write home about.Was the pitcher of Social Cocktail we purchased worth it for $30? Definitely not.Was the staff attentive and friendly? Yes.I really wanted to like Social. I live two blocks away and I'm in desperate need of a reliably delicious restaurant alternative to Point Brugge or what's on South Highland. Social has a lot going for it, but sadly, the food is just not up to snuff. The only reason I would go back is to have a beer and watch a hockey game, but it's just not a viable food restaurant for me.
3	This is a place to come to drink, especially for their great daily drink specials and happy hour specials.  The cocktails are made with fresh fruit, and Social offers a nice variety of craft beers in the can and on draft.  My fav drink so far is the margarita, and my fav special is BOGO cocktails on Tuesdays (you can mix and match).The food is OK - for me, it's there to soak up all the alcohol I enjoy at Social.  It's not bad, it's just....average.  They offer the option to build your own salad, with a notepad on your table to do just that.  Be careful, all those extras...they are going to add up and you may have one pricey salad!When the weather agrees, enjoy the large seating area outside.  You can park in the spots in front of Social, but it can be difficult to find a spot - you are better off parking in the free garage.Social filled a void in Bakery Square, as there was not a full-service restaurant located there for years.  I've read some complaints about the sparse, industrial decor, but I kind of like it.  The large bar is the feature of Social, and the drinks are their best asset.
3	I came back to give Social another try, but this time I ordered something different off the menu. My friend and I decided on the mushroom pizza, which was recommended by our server) and we decided to split the grilled shrimp salad. They were nice enough to divide the salad onto separate plates for us and we were surprised by the copious amount of salad that we each had. Both the salad and pizza were tasty. The mushrooms on the pizza were kind of thick and chunky for my tastes. Would've preferred them sliced a bit thinner, but overall still good.
4	Went here for dinner last night. Great special of $1.87 for a can if beer or cider. I ordered the woodchuck can to drink. Appetizer choices were different but we decided to be safe and order Luis' spicy chicken dip with half pita bread and half tortilla chips. It was just like a buffalo chicken dip but with a lot more cream cheese. We both created our own salads which were delicious and I was pleasantly surprised that my fried chicken was actually buffalo fried chicken. I would go back again and try something se. Salads are ok and can get boring
2	Social is a strange place.  The decor leaves a lot to be desired with electronic dart boards and a backlit cooler visible from any seat in the house.  Not a great place for socializing.  There are better places in the same price range nearby.Turkey burger and their pizzas are good, but they seemed to have run out of fries when we went (or had the fryer off).  Rather than telling us, they ran to the nearby McDonalds.  They served the burger to me with McDonalds fries dumped on the plate.  Pretty poor.They could be better since their location is great, but it leaves a lot to be desired.  Not recommended.
3	Casual place to get some cocktails, beer or grub. Reminds me alot of Jack's Urban Eats in Sacramento.
4	We really didn't have plans to eat here, but I'm sure glad we did!The bf wanted to watch a game that was on so we sat at the bar and were waited on by the nicest bartender. He let the bf try a few beers he was not sure about.I got their chicken sandwich with asparagus pesto, I never knew I could love a pesto so much. It was so light and refreshing! The tater tots on the side were also a good choice!After 2 bites the bf declared their burger one of the best he's ever had! I personally can't wait to go back!
4	I went in there with plans for a salad.  While the salads are awesome - they give you a paper menu and you pick out what you want thrown in, I didn't want to end up with a $40 salad.  And trust me, with toppings like grilled shrimp, steak cooked to order, artichokes, asparagus, cheeses galore - it would have definitely been 40 bucks. So the hubby and I started with the ahi nachos.  I think it's a bit of a misnomer to call them nachoes since it was just single chips with tuna and guac on them, they were awesome no matter what they were called.  The tuna was very fresh and had a nice sauce on it.  The guac was the perfect amount.  The chip was super crispy and nicely seasoned. We then decided to split the pierogie pizza and damn, are we glad we did.  It was gigantic, seriously huge.  The crust was cooked to a buttery golden brown and very crispy.  Very unique type crust.  It was covered with carmelized onions, bacon, sliced fingerlings and a garlic aoili.  Absolutely fantastic!We will be back, oh yes, we will be back.
3	This place is suffering from an identity crisis, but aren't we all these days? Natural wood and terrarium accents clash with bright lights and colors which compete with the multitude of TVs which interrupt the idea that this is a place where you would come to have conversations which questions the whole pro-new-media-we-are-located-in-the-same-building-as-google vibe. But I can kind-of get it; it is Pittsburgh's updated version of socializing (watching and talking about sports in a bright and airy post-industrial space while posting on Facebook and Instagram, or whatever, via smartphone). However, I don't think the atmosphere appeals to anybody in particular, certainly not to me, even though I love terrariums; and I've heard sports fans complain that they keep the volume off (or maybe it was too low) on the TVs (that's just what I heard, could be a rumor! But that's a natural consequence of Social contexts).  I half expected Social to have more techy stuff, like iPads at the table with apps that allow for communication with other tables to play games of sorts or select the music, or something, I wouldn't know. So, I've tried the veggie burger and it was just OK, and I had some pizza at an event once which was also alright. Then, there's a couple of REALLY well crafted things about Social: The Brooklyn Bridge and The Bourbon Blast.
2	Underwhelming, if you're coming for the food. If you're just here for drinks, I'm sure this is a much better place.I came for lunch, and ordered the soup du jour and a side salad. Kind of hard to mess up, right? The salad was supposed to be a caesar salad, but had the barest essence of dressing, pretty much non existent cheese, and the lettuce was wilted. As in, floppy limp whythehellwouldyouservethis wilted. Whatever, it was a side salad, and I get it. Who cares about side salads. It's not like you're charging $4 for stuff you probably wouldn't feed your own kid. Oh, but there were a few giant croutons. Guess that's what made it a caesar salad. Maybe I was just disappointed because for a place that has a "build your own salad" option, I wouldn't have thought that a side salad would have been so disappointing.The soup was "baked potato" soup, which was really just creamy potato with some bacon and sour cream. I'm not sure what I was expecting, come to think of it, so I'm not going to give them a hard time about this one, but it wasn't anything I would come back for.My friend had the veggie burger, which came with a whole bunch of tater tots. Now, I haven't had tater tots since elementary school, so I actually give them props for appealing to my retro side. She said the burger was very good. The service was fine, and it's got a nice informal atmosphere that I am sure makes it the perfect place for happy hour. But as a person who doesn't much drink... this place is not impressive at all.
4	The beer specials recently got more extensive, which is awesome, and the pizzas are out of this world for a restaurant like this. Every menu option is solid, if not spectacular, but the fact is that I've never gotten anything bad here. The owners and managers are extremely friendly when we stop in, even though we're just some customers who live down the street and pop in from time to time. I'm quite glad I live nearby, so I have a great place to walk to for good food and decent drinks.Check it out!
4	Awesome: Cauliflower Patties, Ahi Tuna Nachos ,grilled shrimp salad, Caprese, Margherita and the Mushroom Bianca Pizza.But I mostly go there for their great cocktails specially the Manhattan..
5	I'm glad I came back to Social because they really impressed me this time. A large group of singers from Renaissance City Choir (check us out!) went to Social after a recent performance to celebrate. Our server didn't bat an eye at our group of 15 or so, kept our drinks coming, food came out in a timely fashion, checks were split with no hesitation, all with a smile and a friendly demeanor. Wow! Color me impressed.On top of that, the food was great. I had Thai shrimp tacos which were so good, and a slice of a friend's buffalo chicken pizza, which had such good crust and nicely charred chicken on top. My husband was raving about his pierogi pizza too.
4	I have been to Social several times and I always get the same thing...so this review is about how great I think the Social environment is, but ALSO about how completely delicious I think the Grilled Shrimp Salad!!  I wish that I could rave about all of the delightful menu items but I cant.  This shrimp salad has spinach, peas, orzo, feta cheese, and kale (my fav).  I always go with the lemon basil vinaigrette that the menu suggests because it is the BEST for this salad.  The lemon in the dressing gives the salad a nice kick to an otherwise mild mannered albeit delicious salad.If you are a salad lover I suggest Social and the Grilled Shrimp Salad.  Hopefully I will break from my comfort zone and try other salads on the menu.  If I do, I will tell YELP first :)note* The staff at Social have always been kind and attentive which is a HUGE Plus in my book!
4	During happy hours, great deals on good beer.  I had the Thai Steak Salad and was very pleased.  This was a dinner sized salad with lovely bits of edamame, carrot, and crunchy wonton strips. The steak was perfectly cooked and paired nicely with a spicy peanut dressing.  The service was a little rushed and scattered, but all in all, good.  At the end of our meal we were encouraged to stick around and drink more at the table, which I love (although I understand kicking people out to sit at the bar, I still hate it!).   Get your drinks while you can during happy hour, though, because the prices sure do get high afterwards!I'd definitely be back and I'd be excited to take people here in the future.
2	Decent food - pizza is good & decent bar selection. BUT the service kinda sucks. It was fairly slow, and I had to wait a very long time whenever I needed something. Maybe I just had a bad bar tender... Other than that I suppose it's ok. But if anything else was closer, I would rather have gone elsewhere. The value isn't worth the price.
4	I work near Bakery Square and was excited to hear a new restaurant was opening here.  I came here for lunch one day.  I ate outside on the patio.  I had the shrimp Po'boy  which was very good.  The menu looks intriguing with lots of different items on the menu.  Prices were fairly reasonably for a sit down restaurant.  They also have a nice happy hour with very reasonably priced drinks.
4	I had been wanting to go to this place for a while, and finally got to go last weekend. I remeber when they first opened they had some Google (it's located in Bakery Square right below Google) shin-dig and the food looked really good. It has an outside seating area but the when we were there it was raining so they covered the outdoor area with an awning thingy. I rather enjoyed the sound of the rain pelting the plastic awning, but, I'm a weirdo, so...The menu is a lot of the norm- salads, sandwichs, pizzas- but with a kind of flare. For example, I got some sort of western salad with corn and black beans but it had mahi mahi on it. SO GOOD! The mahi mahi was delicious and cooked to perfection! Even was boyfriend who thinks everything is so-so declared it was fantastic!  And they have delicious, unique dressings like bacon bistro and chipotle lime. Very good! A lot of the sandwiches have unique, unusal ingredients that shake things up as well. My BF and I ended up spliting a pizza and the salad. Like I said, the salad was amazing and the pizza was close behind. Because I picked the salad he picked the pizza and chose a buffalo chicken with blue cheese. Now, being a bread lover I always try the crust first. Having a good or bad crust strongly influences how I feel about a pizza. It was pretty good. Not too thin or thick with a nice wood fire oven taste even tough I don't  think it actually is cooked that way. Now, like I said, it was buffalo chicken, which I like, but I'm not a huge fan of blue cheese and this cheese was, I was told, a strong, aged blue cheese. Way too strong for my weak palate. Other than that the pizza itself was good with a tasty buffalo sauce and lots of chicken. Overall I really liked it. Food is definitley about average for a casual joint and the atmosphere is pretty cool too.
3	My only gripe is the fries... Nothing special. I could have made better at home. I had the tuna nachos, and their Cosmo in addition. I love their Cosmo, very appropriate for Spring sipping. If you like tuna tartare and heat you will like the nachos. Next time I will probably get these with the wasabi sauce on the side. The service was good, food was ok, and the atmosphere was ok. I'll have to give this one another shot!
3	Came for the soft opening so all the food was free. Food in general was unimpressive, not really good enough for me to pay money for...but then again that was only the soft opening so there's potential. Apparently drinks are pretty good here so I would see myself coming back for happy hour or something.
4	We came in during happy hour for a meal, some drinks, and to watch the beginning of the NFL draft.  The happy hour was great, half off cans and had some specials on pitchers as well.  The beer list wasn't huge, but big enough that you can find something you like.The spicy chicken dip was great.  Definitely one of the best I've had!  For my meal, I had the chicken sausage sandwich.  Again, it was very good.  Smoked gouda, artichoke pesto, and fresh spinach.  We sat at the bar and the bartender checked in often with us.  We also spoke with some servers that came and went and everyone was very friendly.It was a beautiful night in Pittsburgh with the doors open and the patio was a happening place.  It seems like a great place to hang out in Bakery Square.  It seemed like they have some nice specials throughout the week.  I would love to come back!
3	I usually like this place but our waitress  was one of those people who shouldn't be in the business of pleasing others. .. She was unfortunately just rude to us about multiple things we inquired about.  Otherwise decent beers (not a hugee selectiom) and the food is pretty good. They have a nice large outdoor seating area in the front, and trivia on Mondays.
2	I want to like this place, I really do. I've been here a few times before but sat at the bar and never ordered food, today I tried something new. When we entered, the hostess station was cluttered with cell phones and the blonde hair hostess was texting. We were seated outside, waited about 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. When we finally got service, he was a little slow and spent more time talking with two girls sitting at a hightop table than actually "working." He forgot refills on drinks   Never checked back once our food arrived. (His name is Chris). The Cuban sandwich was good but the fries were ice cold. Too bad Chris didn't come around so we could get new ones. Maybe we'll stick to the bar for service.
3	We tried this restaurant on a beautiful day, and the outside area was a wonderful place to enjoy a meal. Unfortunately, it was marred by some unpleasant guests around us- a very unruly table (which we certainly can't blame the restaurant for), and a table with a dog that was barking and intruding on the space of every table around. I think the restaurant could have done a better job of controlling these issues and creating a pleasant dining experience for everyone. We both ordered "build your own" salads, which is a bit copy-cat from Bites and Brews, but is a nice option for those of us with food intolerances. The salads were good, but nothing to write home about. If you're looking for a nice outdoor space to eat, this place is great, but I wouldn't make the trip for the food or drinks otherwise.
1	Never go to this place. Service is slow and lazy. Food was undercooked. Manager was rude and unhelpful
2	Full disclosure: I am very critical of restaurant staff because I am a fifteen year industry veteran and have zero tolerance for phonies. This place is filled with them. We had a large party and a child. We ordered uncomplicated items and tried to make it as easy on the staff as possible. Our server, Christian, did a great job and was the ONLY one hustling during a fairly brisk pace of business. She deserves a pat on the back and recognition for basically carrying her team the entire time we were there. I watched her running around the entire restaurant as the rest of the staff slowly meandered around shooting the shit and basically doing nothing. I watched three times as our drinks sat at the service bar maybe 15 feet away from us while multiple staffers walked by, made conversation with the bartenders or by the computer station. I almost got up and told them to get our drinks multiple times but my girlfriend wouldn't let me as we were with her family. It was so annoying to see one person working so hard while everyone else had social hour... Maybe that's where they got their name, who knows. Two of our food items were wrong but we only mentioned one issue which took far too long to resolve. We asked for more cheese on our pizza and it took LITERALLY 12 minutes to get our pie back. The 'manager' brought it back to us and apologized but after watching her underperform for the entirety of our visit I was less than willing to accept her apathy as authentic. All in all it may be a good place to drink as their happy hour includes half off pitchers of shitty beer (they have good beer but its not included in happy hour, wtf) so there's that. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't good either, could be best described as concept-centric completely lacking in creativity.  Christian was the only saving grace. She was really trying and is the only reason we stayed. She should look for work at a better restaurant where her abilities won't be squandered. We were given a gift card to return as a gesture from the same 'manager' but we passed it off to a neighbor who likes shitty beer as we will not be going back. Get your act together or get out and make room for something worthwhile.
2	Very fresh salad, great coffee, but NOT good gluten-free pizza crust.  Unchewable, kinda like industrial cardboard.
5	Social is an excellent choice for a place to grab a drink or bite to eat after work. Stopping by is convenient since parking in the garage is free for 3 hours. There is plenty of space both inside and out on the patio hangout and relax after work.I personally like the beer selection which has a variety of craft beers including a local selection with a few of my favorites. They carry Fat Heads and East End regularly. They also have a variety of specialty pizzas, of which I recommend the Green Eggs and Ham.They also host a corn hole league night through the Pittsburgh Sports League during the summer. It's a great atmosphere and a good time. The location is convienent for those in the east and northern parts of city.Additionally, my girlfriend has done company happy hours here and the service has always been great. The owner and the staff are friendly and helpful!
3	We live around the corner and had heard mixed reviews and decided to judge for ourselves.  The setup is appealing to my inner southern tendencies/roots (christmas light canopy/rustic cheque ). Ordered the pizza and was underwhelmed. Don't get me wrong - I ate some of it- but factored in having had to skip lunch due to work obligations. I was at the point were stale bread would have tasted like truffle butter.  Service was very pleasant and attentive without being obnoxious (unlike thehipsters two deep...*sigh* to be young and blissfully ignorant)
3	I had brunch here and it was OK. The portion was a descent size and the taste was fine. I think it was a little salty for me which means for a normal person veryyyy salty.
4	Delicious cocktails. They have great Sangria and an excellent whiskey drink called Brooklyn Bridge. We had a large group party there and overall service was excellent but they turn up the music super loud later in the evening. So loud that I couldn't even talk to my guests without shouting. I lost my voice for 6 days after that, so I would never have a party there again. We even asked them multiple times to turn it down and they turned it up instead. Not very speedy with service. I love the Asian salad. And their pizza is pretty good, too. Overall I would come here for good drinks. They have great craft beers for all you beer enthusiasts out there, and delicious high-end cocktails. And the location in Bakery Square is perfect since there is 3hr free 3 parking in the garage.
4	I come to social often because it's a short walk from home. I mainly come for apps and drinks which have been good. On two occasions I've had issues with my meal. My philosophy is that we will all make mistakes or we all have bad days, but what's important is how those mistakes are dealt with. On those two occasions, the staff was apologetic and went above and beyond to make the situation right. I've appreciated this about Social and it's why I return.
5	They have fantastic gluten free pizza, the best I've ever had eating out!  It's thick and  tastes like bread, or at least what I remember bread tasting like!  Way to go!  For all gluten free people in Pittsburgh, go here!!!! Very friendly wait staff as well! :-)
2	Decent ambiance.  Not a super foodie place.    However, the gluten free pizza was really quite good, so we will likely return, especially for the great outdoor seating and happy hour specials.
2	The food is good, definitely a decent menu. Standard American bar food, but a notch higher. The salads can be rather disappointing FYI, so bet on the phenomenal pizzas. My biggest complaint is the poor service. We came in on a Monday for dinner, which apparently is their trivia night. The music and announcer's microphone were so ungodly loud, we could barely place our orders with the waitress, let alone have dinner conversation. We asked if they could lower the volume, and were told that the trivia emcee doesn't like to go lower. Seriously? So, your emcee trumps your paying customers? If I were going to a rowdy bar, I might understand, but not at a casual restaurant. They did offer to reseat us at a farther away table but the speakers were still so loud it made no difference. Sure, the food is decent and it's nearby, but the insolent customer service is enough of a turnoff to make this a "if it's the apocalypse and this is the only place to eat" kind of restaurant.
2	Food is decent, not great but not bad. Service is ALL OVER THE PLACE. They seem overwhelmed by the usual crowds of young folks who like to hang out there after work and drink. Brought my family there last weekend and ordered a bunch of appetizers and each ordered an entree. They brought nothing for a long time, forgot to bring one of our drinks, and never asked about refilling our drinks... Finally they brought the entrees, closely followed by the appetizers. I spoke to the manager about that one. Honestly, you'd think this was run by high school students.  The wait staff all seemed to be about 16 years old, perhaps 20 at most, and they seemed... confused....  OK, as for the food: we ordered wings, which were dry (not coated with a sauce like every other wing place I have been to).  Their pizzas are decent and served on little platforms that take up so much room that we ran out of room at the table. I ordered tacos, which were really unimpressive and kind of dry.Overall not a good experience. Probably a good place to go after work and have a beer if you work at Google.  Not a place to bring a family. Too noisy and badly run.
1	Undecorated, bare block walls and concrete floor, echoing, droning acoustics and basement of a frat house feel.  The menu is sparse, boring, and the signature cocktails way over priced.  For a prime development like Bakery Square I expected much more.
4	Fantastic location and great hours. Food is very good and the beer list is excellent. They also do takeout, with that I recommend the Thai Chicken pizza.
3	Sangria is awesome- please try it! Outside seating is also a nice touch. Recently I came in for lunch. They have GF pizzas, so I wanted to see what other GF items they had on the menu. Unfortunately, it's just the pizzas, salads, and some soups and apps. They don't have GF bread or buns for the sandwiches and burgers, which was disappointing. I started with the tomato soup, which was good but a little tart. The soup was slopped into the bowl and there was dried soup all over the sides, and it was served with crackers in plastic wrap (tacky). The margherita GF pizza was lackluster. They used sliced heirloom tomatoes and fresh basil, I just wished for more toppings and I wished the toppings went all the way to the crust. It's in a great location. I went one night for drinks and it was filled with 30 and 40 somethings and very bright. It is just ok.
4	They have the best beer special in town! Wednesday night is Shit Can Wednesday with select cans for only $2. They have a good selection of microbrews in cans. You can't beat it!The kitchen is only open until 11 though. Most of the food is pretty good. I haven't had a bad pizza yet and the mahi sandwich is great.
5	We came here on a Friday night at 7 with a group of 25 or more.   We had 3 picnic tables waiting for us and a really nice waitress, Rachel.  It was 1/2 price bottles of wine night too!   We had a limited menu choice and that was fine.   Burgers were small but good served on a pretzel roll, good fries.   The pizza was tasty but soggy- it needs some work.    All in all a great place with great service good food and fun!   Check it out!
2	The drink specials are great, the servers are friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  I really want to like this place.  But I'm 0-for-4 on enjoying my food.  The first time I tried a sandwich which was basically all bread.  The second time I had a BBQ chicken pizza which was overcooked and not well designed to begin with (I could write an entire separate review on what was wrong with it and how to fix it).  The third time, I tried just eating snacks and desserts, both of which were bland.  And last night I had some decent meatball sliders with over-fried and over-salted wings that came with a sickeningly sweet and hard to apply dipping sauce (though to be fair, my excellent waitress did recommend the other sauce, but I wasn't in the mood for it).Maybe I've just been unlucky.  But the next time my friends want to do dinner and drinks at Social, I'll probably eat somewhere else first and just join them for the drinks part.
3	While I'm not a huge fan of Social's food, this is the place to head on Saturday's and Sunday's when mimosas (Saturday) and bloody Mary's (Sunday) are half off their regular price. In addition to the traditional orange juice mimosa, they offer cranberry and apple. Bloody Mary's, although traditional, are not weak by any means and are served with a couple garnishments. Give them a try on an upcoming weekend.
4	Good pizza and beer.
4	I really enjoyed their Reuben Sandwich and Fries. The dressing on it was fresh with a bit of a kick to balance some of that sweetness you normally get. The kraut has a great texture and flavor. It's grilled without being "smashed" like some places are known to do. I give the sandwich a FIVE but I'm rating the overall experience a four because it is a tad loud if you're seated next to the bar and the wait staff were assigned too many tables to really be attentive. They tried, though.
4	I have always liked social. It's great to have a local place for good food and drinks aside from shadyside, which tends to drawl a young crowd.  The food is very consistent. It always seems fresh and I think the price is fitting (maybe a tad over).  The cauliflower patties and kale and shrimp salad are my favorites. I think the main downfall of this place is the decor. They could do a lot to make it look less drab.
4	So I really like this place, mainly because of the close proximity to my place, the good drink specials, as well as the trivia that takes place on most Mondays at 7pm.I have tried a few of their appetizers, the tuna wrap appetizer is pretty awesome as well as hummus is pretty standard, the veggie dip, which was good, as well as the coli-flower patties which in my opinion are pretty excellent - love that sauce they use!!In terms of their main dishes I love the Argentinian salad. This is really my go to dish when I am here. They use field greens, sauteed portobello mushrooms, I opt for medium rare steak, blue cheese, onions, and tomatoes all topped by a fried egg with some chimichurri dressing on the side, which is pretty spot on. I have had a slice of their buffalo chicken pizza and their BBQ chicken pizza, which was pretty tasty as well. I especially like the fact that their crust is fairly thin. In terms of service it is pretty good and have had no real complaints. Overall, this place is pretty solid and as long as their trivia and drink specials exist and they don't tweak their Argentinian salad, I will be coming back.
1	I'm usually a fan of social; however, tonight was the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. My girlfriend found what looked like a live caterpillar (possibly a maggot)  crawling through her salad. The service was slow the whole night and I had to basically chase down the waiter to inform him of the live creature in my girlfriends food while my girlfriend tried not to puke in the bathroom. I will never visit this restaurant again and hope that others will read this before accidentally being fed live maggots by this disgusting excuse for a restaurant.
3	The pizzas are excellent and the beer selection is very good.  I mostly come here for drinks, so I have not tried anything other than the pizza, but they make really good pizza. I did see that they have a $40 bottle of wine that the restaurant pays less than $10, so I can't recommend the wine at Social.
3	I visited last night at around 6:45.  Because I was meeting my dining companion here at 7, I decided to sit at the bar and take advantage of happy hour.  I was impressed by the long list of $2 beers, which included Woodchuck Amber hard cider, which I ordered.  Happy hour here seems quite popular--the bar was almost full at the time that I arrived, and was completely full by the time my dining companion arrived--and given the selection and discount, I can certainly understand the attraction!Once my dining companion arrived, we got a table.  Having heard good things about the fried cauliflower patties, we decided to get an order of them to share.  (This worked out nicely, since one order comprises 4 patties.)  They were quite nice, esp. with the lemon aioli sauce drizzled on them, tasting similar to potato patties.  Cauliflower patties aren't an item that would normally hold a huge appeal to me, but I'd definitely recommend them!For my entree, I ordered the turkey burger, since I'd also heard good things about it, and my dining companion ordered the Social (beef) burger.  Based on other reviews, I was expecting a mind-blowingly delicious turkey burger.  Alas, this was not the case.  Paradoxically, the turkey patty and bun were extremely dry, whereas the toppings were overly moist.  As I ate the burger, the far end became soggier and soggier, to the point that I found it inedible, only finishing 2/3 of it.  The burger wasn't nearly as flavorful as I was hoping, either--I could barely taste the gouda cheese, and the lettuce and tomatoes didn't add much to it in terms of flavor, either.  In general, the ingredients struck me as low quality.I ordered the cheesy tomato soup as a side, and it wasn't bad--it was thicker and creamier than Campbell's, though it wasn't quite as cheesy as I would have hoped, and I'm not sure how I feel about the toasted bready thing floating in it.  The burgers came with fresh cut fries, which was a nice touch, but they were nothing too special.Aside from the food, service was pretty lackluster, with our waitress making minimal conversation, etc.--although she did keep our water glasses filled, which we appreciated.  As for the ambiance, I'd describe it as rather loud and somewhat boisterous--which I suppose is to be expected for a place called Social.  People were engaging in some fun activities, such as ping pong and darts, which was cool to watch.Overall, with the exception of the cauliflower patties, I wasn't very impressed with the food at Social.  (I found out later that Social is owned by the same group that owns Shady Grove, for which I have similar feelings.)  If you want a solid turkey burger, I'd recommend checking out BRGR nearby. I'd consider returning for happy hour, but would definitely go elsewhere for dinner.
