4	Usually a bit higher priced than other brands, but generally worth it.
5	Yes, I have been coming to this place for years! For as long as I can remember.The thing that I like the most about this place is the choice you have here.They carry paint colors that you cannot find at Home Depot, they keep the colors for a long time, and they can match any color that you bring in.It is a good quaility of paint as well. It lasts longer on the wall. A nice rich color.The staff is very knowledgable about the products. Which is also a really good thing.Lots of parking outside and good hours.You may think that you are paying more here and you are.   However, you are getting a better product in my opinion. Hey, just letting you know.
5	The painter we hired uses only Dunn-Edwards paints, so we headed over to this location to get some samples to see what colors would look good on our walls.While the selection of colors here isn't as extensive as Benjamin Moore, they did have some good shades to pick from. The samples came in a fairly large plastic jar, for a very reasonable price. The only gloss choice they have for the samples is "velvet", which was fine since that was the finish we wanted for our interior anyways. The paint was easy to apply, with good coverage.I've been by a few times, and each time service has been cheerful and friendly. With our paint job finished, I'm loving the wall colors! We also had our exterior trim painted which Dunn-Edwards matched quite well using a paint chip from a Sherwin Williams brand color. Our trim also looks great!
4	I am a painting contractor in the valley. I have an account with multiple paint suppliers, and can choose any vendor I want. Dunn Edwards is my first choice since they are easy to do business with. My rep Joe Kerr goes out of his way to help with issues arise.
1	Bought top of the line exterior paint and started to fade after 2 years. Warranty is for 25 (!) years but they are playing games and I have to pay for labor to reapply again. Will never buy or recommend them. No integrity.
1	Three hours to match one quart of paint. Store is empty.  Counter person did not offer to expedite the order even after she found out I was ordering four other gallons of other paint also.  No wait at Home Depot.
