4	------That's what my old chick used to clash with me(Jin, why'd you get this fake Louis bag for me)Actually, you should be happy I purchased thatI take this as a sign, you don't want the matching hat------Through some research, I managed to find another streetwear joint in Montreal other than OTH and City Styles (it's down the block from Rotisserie Romados if you're a stupid tourist like me).  Apparently, this place has only been open since June 2011 - hence they haven't generated any buzz or blog hype and the staff was pretty shocked I managed to find this place.  Making the storefront look like a bodega doesn't encourage off-street traffic to come in as well.Unfortunately, their infancy is reflected in their selection - only about 15 pairs of Nikes on display and some pieces from The Hundreds, Freshjive, Alife, etc.  The standout fact for these guys is their house brand, Fake Brand.  Okay - I know logo rips have been done to death in the streetwear world - but I digged some of the prints and snapbacks.  I copped a 'Louis Button' shirt -- now I'm truly Chinese -- I own fake LV!They also own the boutique store next door (was told they bought up both storefronts and inherited some old stock from the old owners) and the dude was cool enough let me in to take a gander around.  Pretty ho-hum until I spotted a LRG Iron Maiden hoodie in grey/purple.  GREY/PURPLE!  Okay - I used to be a hoodie fiend and the Iron Maiden in grey/purple was second on my holy grail/'I-need-this-hoodie-in-my-life' list (behind the Artful Dodger Rose & Dagger hoodie) -- I only have the light blue version and I wore the shit out of it until the pocket ripped.Steady my breath and with my best poker face "How much of these hoodies do you have in my size?" (if they had 100, I would have bought 100).  And I was told they only have what's on the floor.  I fought back the tears.  I don't wear an 'L'.  So if you can love the the LRG Iron Maiden in grey/purple like it deserves and you wear 'L' - get down here quick.  And drop me a message as well - we need to start a streetwear brand.I was heavily contemplating buying it to resell - but I swore I would never do that to the game.  I've never wanted to lose weight more - not for health reasons or to increase my chances with women - but to fit fly hoodies from 2006.  I'm sick.Anyways - cool store, small but fly collection of new stuff, some true diamonds in the rough and the staff is cool as well.  Glad to see these guys open up shop in a time that streetwear stores/brands are collapsing.  Support these guys as they continue doing nasty things to the mega-brands.
5	When visiting other states and this time, other countries. i try to hit up street-wear brands that are only in the city im visiting. Another store store thats simliar to OTH. The Fake store has really cool takes on popular brands with the FAKE store logo. Ones they have a theme of is FILA, POLO, Chanel, Nike & Gap.I copped me a Chanel themed Fake Store t-shirt and wore it once. I dont want to get it faded or anything like that.Very nice store, friendly staff. I'll be sure to be back when i'm in MTL to get me another FAKE branded t-shirt. Like the another reviewer said, support these guys so they can continue doing cool stuff!
4	Among attractions at the Fake Store is a great collection of pieces from the store's own Fake Brand (as well as Nike, Freshjive, Alife, The Hundreds and more), but it's so much more than that. The atmosphere is relaxed, and also to love is the decor: clean and contrasting black-and-white-painted walls complemented by dark wood, and consumer objects and packaging commandeered with the ubiquitous Fake logo. Also, look for the melting table; you'll wish you had one too.If you like design, dope threads or anything else of the above, drop in and visit our friends at the Fake Store next time you're on the plateau (and that's not to say we wouldn't journey all the way across the city for this gem).
2	Overrated. Sorry. But not sorry. But I do feel a bit bad saying this because I want to like it so badly! If you're going to rip off brands it has got to be super good. They have a few pieces that are. Most of the clothes however aren't the best designed. Super urban and they look less expensive than the pricetag. Maybe it is a personal taste. Good selection of Nike kicks. Definitely worth checking these out.
