3	First off, just a word of warning, when you decide to purchase tickets to this show or any other show at the V - Theater, they changed up the format of how you can purchase your tickets. Let me explain.Before you just came up to the ticket booth, tell them what show you wanted tickets for, pay for them, and then you were on your merry way. Now when you tell them what you want, there is a monitor right in front of you where you get asked at least 3 separate times if you want to upgrade your ticket, purchase a souvenir drink, or pick another Planet Hollywood show for 50 percent off. I guess these guys gotta try to make money any which way they can but this new way they are doing it makes your wait in line even longer.So I get in line at 8:20. My show starts at 9. By the time I get my tickets and make my way up to the theater, it is almost 9. Now imagine if I got in line at quarter til. That would of been a fail.Ok so now on to the show. For those that have seen Sin City Comedy (which is now in their own theater inside the casino on the second floor), The Awesome 80's Show, and The Mentalist, the Las Vegas Live Comedy Club is in the same exact venue. Just like other comedy shows, you have different comedians every week. The stage has more than enough room even for the biggest comedian. As for the seating, I would say you can fit up to about 80 people.There is no bar in there but you can order drinks from the servers that come around. Just don't forget to tip them.Overall I had a decent time laughing at the various comics that took their turns. I would say a return trip would be ok. I just didnt like the hassle of having to deal with all the extra crap at the box office just to get my show tickets.
5	Edwin San Juan the Pilipino comic headliner at LLLCC located inside Planet Hollywood had me in stitches the minute he walked onstage. Besides the fact that the seats are lined up too close for comfort, Mr. San Juan is a must see for a good dose of laughter. It had been too long since my last live comedy performance and yes I bought his t-shirt  "What the Puck?" as a gift :D which came with complimentary hugs. So I thank Mr. San Juan for a great night and my friend Gayla. Laughter, hugs, long island ice tea and nachos at La Salsa and good company made a great and fun night. Be sure to valet at Miracle Mile, which is close to the venue, so you don't have to walk too far...
5	Received VIP tickets for any show in V-theater/Saxe and wanted some laughs.  My friend and I ended up sitting front row in the very middle and I was sweating at the beginning hoping I would be spared...and I was! Thank goodness the comedians had enough substance that they didn't need to pick on us.The show was great; Edwin San Juan, my new favorite Filipino comedian (the only I know actually) made my stomach hurt from laughter.  I love those yellow-on-yellow jokes... because they are so true! Y'all need to stop whatever you're doing and grab some tickets to see him ASAP! I would love to see him on TV doing his own show in the near future.  He is awesome.
3	I really really really liked the headliner when I went this weekend. The comics were great for the price and it was a good show to take our friend to, who was visiting. The main comic totally deserves his spot, because he rocked it.Here's why I was bothered: We enjoyed a drink while we were waiting for a show (at the bar outside the entrance) and we were part of - maybe the last 10 - groups to walk in. We had 3 in our group and the usher sat us in the very back row. There was PLENTY of room for 3 closer to the front. I saw a VIP line, so maybe you have to pay extra to get closer but I'm talking 6th and 7th rows. There were at least 8 spots before the back row where we could have sat and that was only on our side.There were empty seats all around us and it's not like they were taping. If they had been, I might be a little more understanding, to make the room look a little fuller. Sitting that far back didn't bother our guest but it just didn't make sense to me.***TIP: If you get crappy seats by the usher, don't be afraid to ask to get closer. If I see this show again, I absolutely will ask to be closer if I get shunned again.
4	My husband I went to the Saturday night show and enjoyed ourselves a lot. The host was not as bad as everyone has said (I mean, he wasn't great but he's the host). The opening comedian had a different kind of approach to stand up than what I'm used, but he turned out to be quite funny. The headliner, Edwin, was VERY funny. I like when you can tell that comedians are humble and honest, and Edwin seems like a very genuine guy on stage. I would definitely go see him again. The venue is the V2 theater of the V Theater complex and, once again, not as bad as some other reviews have made it out to be. It's really tiny, but I liked it bc there was not a bad seat anywhere. They lined us up outside and then let the show before us out, but there was not traffic jam as others have suggested. All in all a good show with a GREAT headliner.
5	We have been here for a couple of shows and we are never disappointed. The acts change weekly so there is always someone new to see and there are national acts form time to time. It makes a nice date night for.locals and quick nice priced show for tourists. A good value for the money and laughter can help to ease the pain of a loss in the casino.
5	I brought my girl to this show last night. There was 3 performers and 1 host. Host was really funny, moved the show very well, good for younger crowd. all 3 comedians and the headliner were hilarious. They all handled hecklers well, more relatable to a younger crowd. Some jokes about social media had me rolling but left the older white crowd in the dust. Great for a date night, low ticket cost, can find good deals all over the web. Dress casual.
5	HILARIOUS!! Edwin San Juan really is one of the funniest comedians I've seen thus far! A must see whenever in Vegas. We loved it! Thanks Ed for an awesome laugh.
5	very good comedy that we enjoyed. Not very spacious .but great bang for the buck.
