1	This place was convenient, and I just needed the shellac removed from my nails until I could schedule an appointment with my regular place (that had my favorite color) and when I arrived at V Nails, I was waiting for almost five minutes before someone came from the back and greeted me. I quickly explained that I needed my polish removed and was quoted 31.00. There was a sign on the wall that read "spa manicure with shellac $26" I asked why the removal was more than the manicure. I was being charged 6.00 to remove it. Then I explained that I wanted a removal only, and was quoted $10. I insisted that it was $6 for the manicure service and only having it removed from five nails. I was then quoted $6 for the few nails that it hadn't already come off of. Then I was sat down and the guy stuck my hands into a tiny bit of acetone (not enough to place the nails into completely) and then the guy proceeded to bring out a drill file. A drill file for shellac?!? No, they're my nails and not acrylic, we won't be needing that. The guy argued that this is how you remove shellac. No, it isn't...this isn't my first removal and we won't be burning through my natural nails with that drill anytime soon, I like my nails undamaged, thanks.He walked away from me and left me there for 20 minutes when a woman came from the back and sat down. She performed the necessary task if removing my shellac, complaining about the acetone possibly splashing on her disgusting bebe top that was three sizes too small and didn't belong at a brothel, much less a nail salon.  She was wrapping up with my polish removal, when the guy came from the back and proceeded to "tell me off" about how I should go across the street to Walmart and buy acetone so I can soak my own polish off next time. I was astounded by his rudeness and vindictive remarks. I questioned if he was being rude intentionally, and every one in the salon stated that they would not be returning to the salon due to his remarks and poor treatment of his customers. The woman also gave me a hard time about using my credit card, and the so-called minimum is $10!! It was disorganized, dirty and the employees were very unfriendly, be warned prior to visiting this place!
1	Went today for a mani/pedi once I sat down on their awful fur covered pedicure chair I felt awkward and then noticed how dirty the place was! I thought about leaving right then and there but I felt bad and figured I would give it a chance. Big mistake!The lady barley rubbed my feet and it was like 15mins long. During the manicure she made me bleed the other workers and 3 kids were eating, then they changed tv channel to a soap opera in their language! I wish I would have read reviews beforehand!
