4	This place is like heaven if you like beauty supplied and things like that. They have every kind of shampoo imaginable! There's also a salon in the back of this location. Come here for any kind of makeup or beauty project that you need.
3	The store had a clearance sign in the window and that drew me into the store. Umm.. there was nothing in the store that was on sale except for a couple of box sets of bath items and a sparse amount of Christmas items. Shame on Ulta. I was expecting some clearance extravaganza.I didn't see an area on make-up like other Ulta stores. In addition, they wasn't any sampling for trying on the make-up.Otherwise, this is a huge store with lots of beauty supplies.
2	I found the customer service in this store lacking.  I love the hair product that I picked out and foud all by myself.  The person who was working the haircare area was too busy to greet me and ask if I needed help.  I feel as a customer spending $50 and up, I should not have to ask for help. I upped my review to 2 stars because the checking clerk let me know that the makeup I bought is buy 2 get one free.  I had two in my basket and scored some free eye shadow.  That was nice, but not nice enough to make the trip back to this particular location.
2	As a chain, Ulta is not a bad store. I shop there quite a bit. It's just unfortunate that this location is the one close to me. I go there with my list, get my stuff, and usually get out. Its not a location I enjoy browsing in. The customer service is lacking. I get this weird sense that the staff would rather be....anywhere....other than at work. I brought in a coupon today for $3.50 off any $10 purchase and as the sales associate at the register was ringing my items she told me that I had to spend $10 in order to use it.   Yah, I know that's why I was buying a mascara for $6.99 and a lipliner for $3.39......what's the issue? Don't give up on the chain itself, just try another location.
4	My hair has been on the itchy side lately. Probably because of the chlorine in the pools at all the pool parties I have been attending. I have never had dandruff when I sctratch my head and did not want to use head and shoulders. I wanted a sulfate free shamppo that wouldn't strip the color out of my hair, but would help relieve the scalp itching.The employee I asked recommended I try Paul Mitchell's Tea Tree Oil shampoo and conditioner. I have only used it once, but I was surprised how cool my scalp felt while washing my hair. No complaints so far.
3	I'm biased towards Beauty Brands, as my sister was employed there for several years.  Since the nearest Beauty Brands is quite a drive, I have found sanctuary at Ulta.  I can spend hours in this store.  I love trying on different colors of OPI polish, sampling product and scavenging through the sale section.  Ulta usually has what I need for my beauty regimen.  Sometimes inventory is lacking; this particular location is not as well-stocked as others I've visited.  Customer service is so-so.  Yes, I am always greeted but I have never been approached by a sales associate for assistance.  I frequently have to signal for an associate to ring me up, and when they do they're not the friendliest people in the world.  Ulta carries both salon-quality products as well as those you can find at the grocery store (L'oreal, Revlon, Cover Girl, etc.).  They sell everything from makeup to nail polish, shampoo to blow driers, even sunscreen and self-tanners.  I was turned on to Maui Babe products by a friend--Ulta carries this line!  I haven't purchased services from the salon at Ulta but I know that there are often good deals.  Plus, there are liter sales on product.  $12 for a liter of salon quality shampoo?  Yes, please!
2	Tried out this location looking for hair extensions for a friend. I'm not really sure why this location had so many people shopping in it. This store still has the old layout and the staff was few and far-between to locate. It does have a salon in it, which had three customers waiting in chairs, suggesting to me that the hairstylist are pretty good at their job. Well, back to the hair extentions...the selection sucked! About half of the wall was completely out of stock (nope, no sale going on). My friend and I decided to split off and browse the rest of the store which wasn't all impressive. The only section of the store that was clean and well stocked was the OPI nail polish and the hair product section. Coincidentally, those sections are by the salon, but hey, thats what seems to be keeping customers coming back to this location. I also may be a little biased because the Ulta by me received a pretty remodel :)
3	Ok, so I did go back and I found the store friendlier.  I only needed some hair cream gel.  I think the Colonade Mall store is larger, but parking is better at the Pavillions location.
1	I called before I made the trek out to the store to see if they had a particular brand of shampoo and they said they did. Upon my arrival they said they didn't carry it but had "something similar". I'm not sure if they genuinely didn't know what product they have or if they were just trying to get me into the store to buy something else from them but it didn't work. I let them know I was upset and they didn't even try to apologize. I won't be coming back to this ulta again. Hopefully other ones will be better.
4	I can't say enough about one hairstylist in particular. Julia is the ONLY one in Scottsdale who I trust to touch my lovely long locks. I've followed her from her previous Salon for 2 years. She listens to what I want, but also contributes suggestions. She is a color genius, creating stunning dimension that can be subtle for a less noticeable grow-out over time, or dramatic and bold. She is meticulous, and proud of her work. She also makes the time fly by making conversation and overall treating you like you're talking to a friend you've known for years. Overall time in the chair is a little long, but I'm willing to spend a few extra hours to walk out feeling like doing a Beyonce hair flip!
4	One of the employees told me this location was the first Ulta in the state of Arizona. I can believe that because it does look a little old or dated. It isn't as large as the other Ulta stores in the Phoenix metro area, but I can usually find what I'm looking for. I think the selection is smaller here than at the other stores so be mindful of that when visiting. On the plus side, the parking here is great because it isn't usually crowded.
1	Don't bother with this location. They don't carry hardly any inventory. Online it will say this location has something in stock-it doesn't!
1	This is by far the worst Ulta I have ever been to. First of all it looks permanently closed due to the empty storefront windows and view of nothing from the outside except the back of their outdated fixtures.  Even on the unlikely chance they carry what you are looking for here, it's most likely out of stock. The help is nonexistent and the makeup displays are dirty and used looking.  I hate that this store is so convenient to my house because I still have to drive 8 miles to avoid this location if I want to shop at Ulta.
1	I have shopped at Ulta for many years and I am a "Platinum" member (if that really means anything except that I buy a lot of "necessities").  Last year, I swore that I will NEVER shop at this store because of the poor customer service!  Well, I NEEDED my Bare Minerals Mineral Veil and I thought.....hmmmm, maybe I will give this store another shot!  Hmph!!! Big mistake!!  Still not impressed with their customer service and this time, I WILL NOT be back!!  I will travel miles to another Ulta Store (i.e. Mesa Store on Hampton Avenue) to get the best customer service!
4	Getting better.  New manager. They have a problem being fully stocked. If you don't replenish displays why take up the selling space? The Palladio and the kardashian displays have been empty for years. Why no hourglass or nars? I hope this store doesn't go the way of bath and beyond. Which is products that they have an ownership interest in - and then ultimately cheap and terrible. Bath and beyond is a poor company to emulate.....please stay fresh....the store. Does Look pretty bad.  The color scheme is uninspiring , the displays fall apart if you touch them...... Picking Lamcolbn to be your high end anchor is a weird choice, there are 'hipper' lines to go with. Lamcobn seems old and tired.   Can't spell it!
