5	I just love it. It's a great place that makes you feel right at home. I hate going to gyms, actually I hate working out in front of anyone, but I feel so comfortable here that I don't worry about it. I know that they're just trying to get me to the fitness level that I want to achieve.Rory, my one on one trainer, is amazing. He seems to know just how much he can push me and how much I can really do even though at times I don't even believe it. The boxing lessons are fun and I love the fact that I'm working out and learning something new. The 30 minute workouts are just the right amount of time. The prices are fair and reasonable. The owner is just a delight and all the trainers are professional and great.Glove Game Boxing packs a lot of heat within it's wall. Go check it out when you get a chance. For only $20 you can get a trial session and that to me is a pretty sweet deal.
5	Glove Game Boxing is awesome!!  This is a great place to get a kick-butt workout and learn new skills at the same  time.  Rory is excellent to work with - he is patient and attentive, and makes the workout fun.  I look forward to going, and feel so great when I am done.  It is a perfect way to relieve stress.  Everyone who works there is friendly, and the whole place has a great vibe!!!!  I highly recommend trying Glove Game Boxing.
5	Just had my first appointment with Marty and it was one of the coolest things ever.  This place is legit, it's centrally located, and they clearly know what they're doing.  I've run in triathlons before and thought I was in decent shape, but he showed me otherwise inside of about 3 minutes.  This is a lot of fun, and you get all the other things that come with it too like confidence, toning, etc.
5	I have been much more active over the past nine months between half marathon training, multiple weekly zumba sessions, and the occasional yoga class - just after just two sessions with Pete at Glove Game Boxing, I have had my ass handed to me. I purchased a Groupon for 10 sessions. These are 1:1 sessions with a trainer, 30 minutes each. It is amazing how challenging 30 minutes seems when going through the drills.Jumping rope, medicine ball, 3 push-up positions, sit-ups, dips - and that's the warm up. Strap on the hand wraps, slip on the boxing gloves and it is time to hit the ring. Jab, cross, upper cut and hook - punching the trainer's hands, working the heavy bag, ducking punches. Whew.  I am tired just typing it. After a session my arms are jello and a water bottle is difficult to lift. The gym is located on the top floor in the same building at FnB, Cowboy Ciou, and Lee's Cream Liqueur.  Typically each session is $20 - you will definitely get a workout!
5	Bought the 5 session groupon here for my daughter. She had her sessions with Mike and Henry and they were both great! They worked her out good and she got along with both of them. It's been a great experience for her so far and she wants to continue going!
5	had a 5 session lesson through a groupon with my trainer Pete. i've been doing american/muay thai kickboxing for about 10 years, and realized my boxing game needed quite a bit of work after going through my lessons with pete. in 30 minutes, he had me sweating and tired, arms on fire, and realizing that as good as you think you are, you can always get better (and that there is ALWAYS someone out there better than you!). great workout, friendly group of guys.
5	I like many of the others got a groupon to try this place. I WISH i would have got the 10 session groupon but i got the 5 session. I've been to 2 sessions thus far and am seeing results already! the 30 minutes goes by so fast and was only initimidating the first time as I was brand new to boxing. My trainer is great and I know he sees the pain in my eyes but keeps pushing without being a punk. The sessions are normally $20 each, and they recommend 2x a week. After my groupon is over, I plan on going once a week. A friend of mine is a personal trainer and charges $25 so $20 is pretty reasonable. I recommend running by the canal as a warm up and REMEMBER to stretch before and after!! I wish I would have stretched more after my last session... It would make normal bodily movements easier.
4	I was gifted a Groupon for 10 one-on-one boxing session, which said to call the gym, schedule and appointment and mention my Groupon.  I had some trouble getting a response--I called and left a couple messages and I sent an email.  I received two calls a couple days later.  I got the impression that there isn't one person who books sessions (I later found out that the trainers work independently).  I was a little nervous to start this type of training, but after Peter's warm welcome I began to feel more at ease.  I let him know that I don't feel comfortable having anyone punching toward my face or body, and he promised that he'd be extra careful when the time came.  After wrapping my hands up Peter had me warm up.  The first time I did a simple block-running exercise, where I discovered I'm not as agile as I thought!  The second session I did pushups VEEEERRRY slowly in three different hand positions.  Incredibly effective in getting my heart rate up.  The first session is all about technique.  I learned the proper way to stand, cross and jab, and how to hold my body.  It's a lot harder than it looks!  I was instructed to ice anything that ached.  My hands were a little sore the next day, so I took a couple Advil and iced away.  The second session we actually got to go in the boxing ring!  I had been practicing; Pete could tell, and he was excited about this.  Glove Game is not your typical fancy-shmancy Scottsdale gym.  It's a place where you can be yourself and where your trainer pushes you to the limit.  There is this energy that happens when you're training; you are focusing so hard on your body's movements that the world disappears around you--only you and the trainer exist.  I'm very much looking forward to my next 8 sessions, and the ones I intend to purchase in the future.
5	I've been going to Glove Game Boxing for a couple months now.  I love it!  Rory never fails to challenge me and push me to the limits.  Best money I've ever spent.
5	What do I even say! Just finished my first session here and I can already tell that I am going to be a sore girl tomorrow! John was awesome and very patient with my very out of shape self. I'd highly recommend this to anyone- all of the trainers seem great. Looking forward to another ass whooping on my next session!
1	I'd give them zero stars if possible... My girlfriend and I got the groupon and attempted to call them a few weeks prior to the expiration (I know we shouldn't have waited so late, but forgot). Nevertheless, we only received their voicemail every time and both took turns calling them. I explained that we were concerned about the expiration date nearing and would like a call back. We never received a return call and I even called the day the groupon expired one last time. Very unhappy with this waste of money and this company. I can understand that they may have been overwhelmed with the number of calls and business from the groupon, but that does not excuse them from not returning calls... I will tell anyone that I know and asks to avoid this company. At the very least it would be nice to have a refund of our money, but I'll just chalk it up as a lesson learned.
4	I used a groupon for my sessions to this place, and I loved it. I want to keep it up, but it is a little too pricey and just a little too far from me to make it a habit on top of my gym addiction. I went in thinking 30 minutes is not enough, but after my session I had the shakes in my arms...which means...it rocked!
4	I agree this place isn't perfect and is a bit unorganized.  However, my wife and I get a kick-ass workout for a very reasonable price.  I'm trying to get my fat ass a bit more active and really wanted to learn how to box so this place looked like a perfect fit.  After a 30 minute session with Michael I was hooked.  I got a killer workout and am learning to box at the same time.  Michael seems to be a veteran boxer and an excellent instructor.If you are curious, here is how he structures the session:5 mins - warm up cardio and putting on your wraps and gloves15 mins - hardcore boxing stuff10 mins - abs/cardio/general strength and endurance stuff15 minutes of boxing does seem like much but it is pretty intense.  I wish I could do that for the full 30 mins but there is just no way because I run out of steam pretty quickly.  However, I'm learning the basics and my stamina will build over time.
5	Hooray for my 200th Review!I wanted to make my 200th kind of special so I chose my newest Favorite place. Don't get me wrong though, I kind of hate this place too.  My reasoning: you work. You work damn hard. And that's the whole point. Harrison does not go easy on me because I'm a girl and I sometimes whine. He kicks my ass and then I say thank you! Kind of sexy. Everytime I leave, my arms and legs are shaking, I'm sweating my face off and I'm thinking nasty thoughts about how I'm never coming back, but then I find myself texting him the next day to see when I come back and train. Each time I come to the gym, I learn something new and I get just a little bit better than the last time. And he's great at mixing up the routine, some days we focus on arms and other days on legs. Nothing is more satisfying than defying your pain and growing your resistance and willpower. It's hard and it hurts and if you keep doing it, you and you alone get better and better. It's a lifestyle and I'm never giving it up.
1	SUPER DISAPPOINTED!! I was incredible upset to have received bad customer service at this place. I was so desperate to like it that after the first instance of a poor experience I gave them a SECOND and THIRD CHANCE, they failed miserably.With a week's advance I set up a consultation for my boyfriend and I to train. The owner gave me the name of my trainer and said he would contact us to confirm. I never heard from the trainer, so I called the morning of my appointment to see if I was still in the schedule and the owner assured me he'd get everything straightened out and have that same trainer contact me. When the guy finally called me he informed me that he didn't work on the day I had specified and muttered an apology before hanging up (strike one).I decided to try and contact the owner again to see if we could fix the poor experience and get me in the gym. I, no joke, called the location TEN TIMES during their business hours that same day and not one person picked up the phone (strike two).I figured it'd probably be good for me to cool off, so I waited another day before contacting Glove Game. A gentleman answered and I told him I wanted to speak to the owner in regards to rectifying the poor customer service that had been dished out. He replied that he'd let him know it was urgent and that I would get a call soon. I never heard from the damn place (strike three).What does it take to get some good service around here? I have read about all the raving reviews and was so sad that I didn't get to experience the company's "good side".
1	A/C hasn't worked in WEEKS.  I decided to skip asking someone in charge about it because I really don't care to hear excuses.  I just want it fixed so I don't almost pass out every time I box.** Michael is still awesome though.  Gives a great workout. **
5	This place is an AMAZING workout. Super intense, but I've started seeing results after only three weeks (and I only go once a week). I suppose it could be more organized, but I don't think it's so unorganized as to merit a loss of a star.Be prepared for an extreme workout if you decide to go - I highly recommend it!
2	I have to agree with this comment.  My husband and I went for a training together. It is to be 30 min.... the time that we read our contacts etc was put towards our 30 min..... if this is the case, let us know to come early.....our trainer seemed utterly board.  He did not want to be there, kept checking our time. As soon as the clock hit our 30 min mark (we worked out for about 15-20 min max) he stopped us and went to his desk to get his money... not a welcome feeling. We felt they wanted our money and wanted us out.  We have been to other gyms where the passion is there from the get go and the trainers take pride in what they do.  Maybe it was an off day for him.. but we were not impressed and unfortunately will be looking else where.
5	I have worked out on and off at Glove Game for a couple years. The reason it is on and off is because I have moved back in forth from Arizona to New York. I have done boot camps, and individual training sessions. Marty is my guy, and I would never cheat on him with another trainer. I'm sure the others are qualified, but I'm high maintenance. I saw great physical results in terms of strength and endurance from the bootcamp, which was my goal. I also learned some cool boxing moves during my 1:1 training, however after sparring a couple times and getting my ass kicked by a 50 yo man I have decided to put my fighting days behind me. Turns out I prefer punching bags to getting hit in the face. I had a sheet where I recorded my weight, and certain stats on a weekly basis which I enjoyed doing. 1:1 training is as good as any high end gym personal trainer, and costs significantly less. I only communicate with Marty, so I have never scheduling conflicts. I love this place and I have brought a few friends in for work outs. They always walk out smiling and nauseous.
