1	Terrible experience so far with Segway of Tempe.I purchased 2 Segway tour passes at a discounted rate when a deal showed up for them on Groupon.Because we purchased passes through Groupon, we could not use their standard "Reservations" 800 number to book our tour, we had to call Segway of Tempe directly to book it.Our first attempt was before Memorial day, we found out they were doing tours on Memorial day itself (a Monday), so I called the number specified on the Groupon pass on Saturday trying to reserve a tour for us. I left 2 voicemails asking if we could get in on a Memorial day tour. Now I realize this was the weekend and they might not get to the voicemails in time to get me on a Monday tour, but I thought that I would at LEAST get the courtesy of a callback sometime the next week. Nope. No one ever called me back.Fast forward to last week. The weather on Saturday was predicted to be much cooler than normal, dropping down to a high of 90. Perfect time for us to do a Segway tour before the temps are above 100 every day.So during a weekday last week, I called and actually got someone on the phone. I then reserved a tour for Saturday at 10AM. We show up on Saturday, at 10AM and the Segway of Tempe doors are locked and no one is there. I call their 480 number multiple times, it rings, no one answers.I then call their 800 number reservations line, speak to a representative and they even confirm that they see I've got a reservation for today at 10AM. They suggest that I call someone at a 623 number.We call the 623 number, a woman answers and tells us that maybe the tour guide didn't show up. She says that she will call us back.So then we see 3 Segways zipping along crossing the Mill Avenue bridge. We wave and shout to them, they see us, but they just keep driving along over the bridge.We sit around for 15 more minutes, and the 3 Segways that we saw earlier drive up to the Segway of Tempe office where we are waiting.The tour guide, a male, tells us that he "didn't know" that we had a tour booked for today and that they don't even have 2 more Segways available for us to use today. He tells me that the female would call us back to try to "work something out" with us. I give him my mobile phone number again to confirm my number with him. He then leaves with his 2 customers to continue with their Segway tour.So at this point, we're pretty aggravated, but we take off, expecting to get a call soon offering us a tour later that day or perhaps on Sunday. Nope, we NEVER received any call back whatsoever.So on a Saturday morning, we skipped breakfast, drove 34 minutes across town only to be denied a tour that we had already reserved and then we never got a call back from Tempe of Segway at any point. Talk about terrible Customer Service...
1	I have not had a very good experience so far - I bought this tour as a gift for my husband - anniversary - we spent the night at Desert Ridge - the tour was cancelled - due to illness - ok - I will give them that - they offered us two more passes to have some friends join us (they only mailed us one). We re-booked for this weekend with our friends - we stood outside their doors for 1/2 hour and called and called - and we still have not recieved a response from them - I am contacting groupon to ask for my money back. In my opinion this is just un-professional and rude. How embarrassing for me with my friends driving all the way down to Tempe to be stood up! Not very good customer relations!
5	I surprised my boyfriend with a Segway tour of Tempe (they also have another tour in North Scottsdale) with tickets that I got from Groupon!LOCATION: Meeting spot is on the most western part of the parking lot right in front of the ASU stadium. They bring the Segways and helmets. out there. TOUR: About a 1 hour tour that takes you all around the Town Lake area on the South and North side hitting spots such as the ASU art museum, steel railway tracks, old sugar mill. The Dragon Boat Festival was going on that day as well which made it extra cool.  SERVICE: Excellent! The 2 tour guides were so nice and helpful. You begin with about a 30 minute orientation, signing waivers, learning about the controls and a practice session. Learning to ride the Segway is relatively easy and goes up to 13 mi/h once the turn the 6 mi/h governor once you pass the orientation. They were also very good at taking pictures for everyone at each hot spot. TIPS: Bring water bottles, cameras, etc as the Segways have a little pack in the front to store items. Be sure to confirm reservation beforehand! We had a couple that was turned down due to not having their names on the list for some reason. PRICES: Tours are normally $75 each but I got our tickets at $39 each from Groupon!CONCLUSION: I was surprised to see so many negative reviews and I believe that there are so many negative reviews due to miscommunication. I called to confirm our reservation twice before the actual date and didn't have any problems at all! A very positive experience and I would recommend this as a touristy activity especially if it's your first time riding a Segway!
1	I purchased two tours to surprise my husband with this the last time it was on groupon. They cancelled on us due to illness - and offered us two more to bring friends the next time. I thought that was nice - until when we re-scheduled they were a NO SHOW! There we were with our friends waiting and waiting. I called - no answer. I called the next day - no answer. I call for three more days - and we NEVER recieved a response or APOLOGY!!  Groupon was kind and refunded our money. I DEFINATELY would not trust this company!
4	We (4 adults) did the Segway tour of Tempe Town Lake. We used a Groupon so it was a good deal, and we had fun! We were a little wobbly in the beginning but within a few minutes we were laughing and having fun! Only one bad comment - it was not a tour. A tour offers information about the area, the nature, etc. and not once during the ride around the lake was any local info offered. Overall we had a great time learning to ride the Segway and we all agreed that we would do it over again in a heartbeat :)
1	Whether it's called Segway of Tempe or Segway of Scottsdale it's not good.Here's the deal- an out of town friend and I went on another companies Segway Tour in April and it was a blast- so when a Groupon came up for a Segway Tour (Segway of Scottsdale) I had so many great things to say about the other companies' Segway Tour that a friend and I bought the Groupon for the Tempe Tour with Segway of Tempe/ Scottsdale (whatever- they're the same) Wow- not good, not same/same.Started 15 min lateTraining was poorly delivered No headsets to hear the tour guide (she yelled back "There's the UsAirways building")No history/ story telling on the tourThey stopped at Yogurtland for 20 min (wth?)Then ended early lolWowzer- really?!  I felt bad because I had told my friend that the Segway tour was soooo awesome, come to find out the Segway Tour with Scottsdale Segway Tours (with Todd and Becca) is  Sooooooooo AWESOME-  NOT same/ same (very close names, be careful) and while Scottsdale Segway Tours doesn't have a Groupon and may be a little pricier it's well worth it- just check them out on Trip Advisor - the #1 Activity.  (these guys, not so much)If you want more details on that Segway Tour you can check out the review I wrote for them.  While I don't like writing "not good" reviews at the same time it was that bad.  Hope it's helpful.
