2	1st experience-  Decent sandwich; would return.2nd experience-The salad bar was surprisingly good; would return.3rd experience-Very un-tasty sandwich, would only return for the salad bar.
2	1st experience-  Had the Italian Cruz Po'boy.  Ok sandwich, the kids seemed to have liked their grilled cheese.  Would return to try something else.  2nd experience- Had Bird to the Wise.  It was pretty good.  Witnessed a server behind the counter (a larger, older woman) drop a cookie on the floor and placed it right back in the oven like nothing happened.  I looked around.  Are you freaking kidding me??  (Absolutely true story)3rd experience- Not a chance.
3	Personally nothing to write home about here.... Every time I go in, it does satisfy my need for a good sandwich that is different then your usual sandwich shops. Below is what I like:-Large selection of soups-Decent sandwiches-Ice CreamPersonally, I won't go out of my way for Jason's Deli but then again, I also won't avoid it if I am passing by or meeting friends here.
2	We live close to this location so over the past few years we have eaten here a few times....Sadly, we have come to the conclusion that we just don't like this place. It just has to do with taste - most of the food doen't have any and if it does there's too much salt. Things I've tried: Southwestern Chicken Stuffed Baked Potato          BBQ Brisket Stuffed Baked Potato          Tomato Bisque soup           Grilled Cheese           Fettucini Pasta           Turkey and Ham Sandwichumm, that's all I can remember right now but even from those items I can't say I liked any one of those except for their Strawberry Shortcake!The one positive thing they have going for them is the Strawberry shortcake - It's hellah good - I drop by here just for it- that's one item they know how to do. The place is spacious, always clean and the employees are nice.The free Icecream  sure does rock my daughthers world but the STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE rules!!!
3	Decent sandwiches all around $7.  Good place for lunch.
1	I just returned from this deli.  YUK.  I ordered french onion soup and the salad bar.  The best part was the diet soda.  The french onion tasted like canned beef broth.  I never got to the onion part.  The cheese rather than being well done or crispy was barely melted and made the soup disgusting.  The salad bar was mostly out of cans, bottles of boxes.  The potato salad was awful, the tuna with penne salad was inedible and the salad dressings were all out of a bottle.  The place wasn't very clean either.  When I approached the manager to refund my meal, she questioned me.  I didn't like that much either although she did give me back the money.  I guess she doesn't know how many people in Las Vegas work in the F&B industry here in our hotels.  I would save your appetite for another deli.
4	I would have to agree with most of the other reviews here other then the fact that I am giving 4 stars which is apparently like a unicorn to this location. I usually order the salad bar if I am eating in the restaurant and I do have to give credit to them that every time I have been there the vegetables and salad fix-ins have all been very fresh and full. As far as the sandwiches are concerned, they are delicious and they have a ton of healthy and unhealthy options which I feel is essential to any good restaurant. This is obviously not a place that I tell my out of town guests is a must but it is a great place for a fast lunch on the go with many many options.
