5	What makes this a five star restaurant to me is a combination of a few things done very well. First, the staff is as attentive and friendly as any restaurant I've ever been in, and I've been in 47 states and three continents. Second, for those of you who haven't eaten at a Brazilian restaurant, it's different in that you literally get to eat a sample of everything on your menu. In conventional restaurants, you pick one thing on the menu: omlette, steak, fish, whatever.  At Rio Sabor, they bring 11-15 different types of meat cooked on a skewer (Beef(s), chicken, lamb, pork, turkey, sausage,) over a fire to your table.  My favorite is the chicken and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon. You pick bite sized portions of what you like, pass on what you don't, and stop when you want to. The wine list is outstanding, particularly the up and coming Argentine and Brazilian wines. The side dishes are outstanding and diverse. The desserts are nice, though I'm usually too full to eat one. Caipirinhas are a must.  Stop in and say hello to Solange, the owner (nice looking, petite blonde woman and founder). Take the kids or a romantic date. It's one of the few places perfect for both. Most of all, bring your appetite and get ready to soak in Brazil in its purest sense!
4	This is the second time I've been to a Brazilian Steakhouse, and I wasn't disapointed!  I took my partner for dinner last night for his birthday and the food and service were outstanding.  They had the full meat menu - all 11 and roasted pineapple which is out of this world!  I was pleasantly surprised by their sangria as well as it was made with passion fruit.  Deliciosos!  Well worth the experience and expense!
4	I have to admit, Rio Sabor gained my interest.We went to Rio Sabor on Valentine's Day for a late dinner. The food was awesome and the grilled pineapple stood out amongst the grilled fair. We had a great time sampling from the different BBQ options and every cut of meat was tender and juicy. The servers were courteous and professional. I absolutely recommend checking out the Brazilian Flare!
4	I attended a special event here and the pineapple is SO delicious...by far my favorite even though the meat was flavorful and tender too.  The food is brought out and cut for you at your table.  They also had amazing dancers performing and singing and they eventually coaxed me to get up on the dance floor to join in for a bit.  The servers were all extremely friendly and accomodating.  If they didn't directly know the answer to our questions they quickly found out.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself here and recommend it as a fun, unique dining experience.
5	Yeah, I realize that Fogo de Chao is the "IT" Brazilian Steakhouse to go to in Scottsdale, but this place far surpasses it.  This place is cheaper and maintains a better quality of food.  Oh...all the meats that they have!  And everything is wrapped in bacon!!!  You definitely can't go wrong there!  I always leave this place way too stuffed, but I definitely don't hate it.  I absolutely love the grilled pineapple they serve.  One of the best dishes out there!
3	Appears to be CLOSED.Phone number not in service. Went by last week & was all locked up with a realtor sign on the building.
3	Walked by last night and it is closed for business.
