5	This place was great.  Had to wait a little bit, but it was like 20 minutes tops.  The staff is really, really nice and the doctor was great.  I went in for a skin cancer check and nothing else.  Dr. Del Rosso was great, had a great sense of humor and was very thorough.  Even checked the bottom of my feet (never had a derm do that before).  Highly recommend.
1	These people could give a rats ass about you. Ok Ok the girl at the check in was very sweet but that's where it stopped. First I walked in to what seemed like a cattle call. Mass amounts of people in the waiting room, never a good sign. And yes, I waited 40 minutes past my appointment time. Then a grouchy nurse/assistant called me to the room and acted annoyed by what I was there for when I clearly stated it when I made the appointment. Finally Dr. Bellue (not spelt correct) comes in to the room. Uhh....did I just wait for that long to be quickly passed over by this doctor who's talking to me like a 2 year old?? Seriously she spent 2 minutes with me and then ran out before I could even ask questions. Now I'm an assertive person so she had to be quick to get past me. I would NEVER return or suggest this place to anyone. Did I mention that to make an appointment you have to call some generic number where it takes them forever just to place you in the location you want?? Ya, pure joy as you can see. DO NOT bother.
1	What a waste of time. I took two hours off of work to come get a mole removed only to be told once I got there that they could only look at it (even thought it was cosmetic) and I would have to reschedule and pay again to have it removed because the Dr. was running behind. This was after they called less than 24 hours before my scheduled appt. to ask if I could come in 45 minutes early. I saw Dr. Bellew who never came back in the room after she was in there for 5 minutes. Dont waste your time if your insurance pays for a different place.
1	I scheduled a "new patient" annual skin cancer check with Dr. Kim.  They told me not to change into a gown, that I would be fine in my clothes.  So, the doctor came in and told me that they recommend a "head-to-toe" check every year.  I told her that is what I was there for.  She proceeded to check my arms and legs....while I was fully clothed.  Then she left the room and a nurse came in and told me to come back in a year.  REALLY?  What about my back, neck and all other parts covered by my clothes???  Now I have to find a competent dermatologist and go through it again.  What a waste of time.  I am filing a complaint with my insurance company to dispute the charge, since I didn't actually get a true skin cancer check.
5	Well, if you have to go through something like this, I would recommend Dr. Del Rosso and his nurses.  My surgery was right in front of my face because it was on my chest right where your necklace hangs.  The nurses Lisa and Tess actually held my hand occasionally and the Dr who is an expert in MOHS .. you have to look his credentials up, well they talked to me about Disneyland princesses and movies and mud runs and anything to keep my mind off of it, and they did a great job of numbing me up.  I only wish my stitches and wound was less ugly, but the cancer is gone and thats what matters..
2	I moved here to the Las Vegas area and needed a dermatologist. I went to LV Skin & Cancer Clinic and was very disappointed. I wanted a mole removed from my chest, it has definitely changed over time, and I've been concerned. I showed the doctor and she tells me that she doesn't want to give me a scar! Honestly, she seemed afraid to remove the mole! I had a couple more on my stomach and she said they didn't look too bad and we should leave them and i should come back in 6 - 9 months!! Now one of them is a little scabby and I need to find a good dermatologist that will do her/his job and remove it. I've had this type of thing before and I know what to look for. These have abnormal borders, are very dark, the whole scenario... Anyway, so much for finding a great dermatologist, the search continues!
1	I just looked at my yelp account and realized I give a lot of four and five star reviews, I think the reason for that is I really like giving compliments. Unfortunately, I can only give Dr. Kim and this office one star and no compliments. I really can't even review Dr. Kim as I never saw her. I arrived at my appointment 30 minutes prior, as requested, to fill out paperwork. My appointment was for 2:00 and I was called into the exam room at 2:05, changed into a paper half shirt and covered up with a paper sheet. I looked at my watch, 2:10 when I sat on the exam table. I waited, and waited, and waited, and listened to the staff bickering in the hall, and waited. Finally at 2:45, I got up, got dressed, and went into the hall. I told one of the employees I needed to leave and we walked together to the front desk to reschedule, the front desk staffer waved us away so we walked to another receptionist who rescheduled me, I plan to cancel. I arrived at 1:30 and got to my car at 2:55 after seen no doctor. In her defense, Dr. Kim was doing a surgery (aka biopsy) but had someone come into my room, asked if the temp was ok, offered a magazine or an apology, I maybe wouldn't even be writing this. I won't go back and would never recommend you go either.
2	Doctor Del Rosso was great. he too the time to listen to me and froze off a wart no problem, even said if he didn't get all of it to come again next month. The huge problem... the office staff and their unprofessionalism and ruddiness. I waited over an hour to see the doctor with a full office! Thats not the worst part, the staff which should be about 3 maybe 4 persons at the check in/ out dest was 5 and just having a good old time. They laughed it up talking and giggling, talking loud like it was a hang out at a high school. Than when I go to check out, the girl says they want to see me in 6 months. As stated above, the doctor said 1 month if I needed so I asked her why? "Well sir..the thing you just did sir...you don't have to come back if you don't want to " with a stuck up tone. Believe me I wont.. I hope doctor Del Rosso can get a better staff, its a shame.
2	The front desk staff is consistently less than pleasant. Arrive at 0730 for a 0745 appt and not taken back until 0810. Can't imaging they're backed up already on their first appts of the morning. While waiting, I notice numerous patients at the counter are put off by attitude or snide comments at the check in.  On the way out, billing was a perfect match to the front desk staff. Simple questions don't really need to be answered with attitude. All in all, kind of a shame because the medical staff is always very nice and helpful.
4	Thanks Dr. Herman!  He is awesome!  With a combination of medications, my all over body itchiness stopped immediately.  Very persistent in getting to the root of the problem.  Now, I'm almost allergy free....
5	I primarily visit the Seven Hills location, but I have been to both the S Rancho and S Buffalo locations as well. I'll just cover all three.Seven Hills: I've been told that this is the busiest location. Last minute appointments have been difficult to get, hence my visits to the other locations. The waiting room is almost always full. The office staff is mostly nice, though a couple people have attitudes. I see Steven Hawkes, who seems less busy than the doctor. Last time I was there, a patient was pissed off about the long wait, one that he had gone through multiple times. I've never had that issue.S Rancho: amazing. Amazing staff, amazing doctor. No wait, not crowded, but it's a bit if a drive for me.S Buffalo: again, amazing. One negative, however, is that they are right next to the SSA, and there is a huge line extending into the parking lot in the morning.
1	Susan Kim. Everything you read about this doctor is completely true! She was the worst "doctor" I've ever come in contact with. I wish I had more to say about her, but she was in and out of the room so fast, I hardly had any interaction with her! Before I had the chance to ask her any questions, she was out the door, leaving me with the nurse to answer my questions. Gr8. She clearly couldn't be bothered with me.Not only was she completely unhelpful and barely looked at my skin from ACROSS THE ROOM, she prescribed me the WRONG medication for it, similar to other Yelp reviews with people having the same experiences. Please stay away from this clinic.I'm seriously so upset that I wasted $30 copay on this appointment.  :'(
4	I used to see dr delrosso.. By used to I've seen him once. I've tried to see him again, but he constantly cancels. When I did get in to see him I had to wait 2 hours to get brought to the back. And 30 more afterwards. I rescheduled with Stephen hawks. There was no wait, and he was so helpful! His nurses are sweet and seem to love their job. Though the girl who checks you out, abviously hates her job... She is rude.if your going to come here, only see Stephen!
1	I had a referral to see a dermatologist, but my "Consultation" visit was about 3 minutes in-n-out of the room with the physician's assisant!! How is that okay?  You cannot charge for a consultation if you don't care enough to look at the lesion for longer than a second.  I'm sorry, but this is not how you make a patient feel comfortable about a procedure he/she is about to get done.I tried to get a second appointment and actually see an MD, because I thought I was being ripped off by having to pay for that short visit, but they were not helpful, so I just decided to get this procedure done elsewhere.
1	We made an appt for my husband with Dr. Del Rosso. We waited an hour and half in the waiting area and another 30 mins in the exam room. Finally 2 hours later the doc came in to see us and had us come back to finish the biopsy 2 weeks later. When we went back we were charged another co-pay. The office charges every visit a co-pay except suture removal. We disputed the co-pay with the BBB and won, however, 2 days later we received a bill for the money reimbursed. We highly recommend finding another dermatologist office. The office doesn't use honest business practices, aren't family friendly and make you wait a very long time. This place is really bad!
1	Lesson learned!  Do not ignore bad reviews.(overwhelming bad reviews at that)These people really do not care about their patients. This is the only place that accepts HMO so I guess that's why they think they can treat people like this. I have cancelled my next appt. and will pay out of pocket to go to another place!SHAME SHAME SHAME on them.
5	I made an appointment with Dr Kim and right before going there I read some reviews on Yelp and was a little worried. I have to say that I had a great experience at her new office located at 8250 W. Warm Springs Road. I went in with an open mind and was in and out of the office in less than an hour. Dr Kim was very professional and took plenty of time with me. The physician assistant was also very good to me. Maybe Dr Kim is aware of some of the previous reviews/complaints and has adjusted her approach in response to the criticism. I paid cash and did not go through insurance and the charges were very fair. Thank you Dr Kim for taking care of me and I will be returning the next time I have an issue! Keep up the good work.
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would. I paid $40 dollars to see her for probably less than five minutes which gave me no time to explain my skin problems at all. As someone with severe adult acne this is not the place to go to seek understanding about your ailment or any type of supportive or caring "bedside" manner. Literally anywhere would be better than this overcrowded and perpetually behind center.
1	Had an appointment with Dr. Susan Kim at their new Warm Springs Location.Worst bedside manner ever.  As a young doctor she should learn that patients aren't an inconvenience.  30 minutes in the waiting room for a 30 second consultation.... (oh, plus a $55 co-pay and bonus points for her condescending attitude.)Avoid.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I gave this place a chance when I first moved here from CA per a recommendation from my old dermatologist. I called and scheduled an apt with Dr. DelRosso. Not knowing there were 6 different locations, I assumed it was at the address that was listed with the phone number that I called. The man that took my apt over the phone not only was extremely rude but failed to tell me about the numerous locations. Therefore, I was late to my apt and had to drive all the way to Henderson from Centennial Hills to be seen. Here's the part that pissed me off the most. The dr looked me over and said thank you, and walked out. I asked the nurse what was going on and she said that I have to come back in two to three weeks to get everything I need done. Are you kidding me?! It gets better.. They had me pay a copay when I clearly showed them that I do NOT have one. Got that reimbursed from my insurance due to their incompetence. Now I'm here, three weeks later. I check in and they tell me that I now owe $100! Excuse me?!? I called the office YESTERDAY to confirm and let them know of new insurance and they said great see you tomorrow. And now I get a surprise of the $100. After patronizing me for the money acting like they know more about my insurance than I do, they called them and what do you know, I owe nothing. The Dr will DEFINITELY be hearing from me. Who knows, it's probly going to get worse when I get back in a room. But with the 45 min I've already been waiting, it might be a while.
1	Seriously susun kim? I have to pay a $60 copay just so you can look at me from across the room for 30 seconds?  Not only that but you are treating me for something I may or may not have? I mean you could have at least pretended to be intrested. Also if your patient tells you they have a question don't answer with "what?" That is just rude. You seriously need a new profession. I wish i would have read the reviews before making and appointment with her. Please don't waste your time here. Save yourself from a bad experience.
1	They don't let you give 0 stars, so, I unfortunately I am forced to give the place one star. I had made appointments with Dr. Kim (not at the Anthem Office, but at there Warm Springs Office) saw her twice and she was unable to diagnose my condition, then on the third visit she told me to see another doctor at the Anthem Office........seriously? She was a waste of time, the new doctor she recommended however was waaay better and took care of the problem......
