4	Ratings on scale of 1-5 (last visit)Tastiness.................................................... 4Greasiness................................................. 5Management yelling at employees......... 5  (including Greek accent)Ambiance (aside from yelling)..................3Price/Value....................................................3Ok, that's the best I could do to replicate Sean's impressively objective rating system without committing all out plagiarism.  It's just that I've chosen to include slightly different criteria.The fries are indeed cooked in grease from the heavens, and then served in a big greasy brown paper pouch.  They were so much better than most I've had, especially from such an apparent hole-in-the-wall place.The gyro was heaping full of flavorful, salty lamb/beef (at least I assume that's the mix, even though the menu doesn't specify).  It is then drenched in a creamy tzatziki sauce and topped with onions and tomato.  In all, very good.Another plus was the fact that the manager/owner told me he would have my meal ready in less than five minutes from when I ordered over the phone.  While I was at first a tad suspicious that quality might suffer from such hasty preparation, I decided to happily roll with the welcome comfort of an immediately sated appetite.And sated I was..... I now feel like I'm moments away from a food coma as I digest this big gut bomb.  The only comfort I have is that I got to chuckle a little bit about the owner/manager interrogating and berating his employee (family member?) in front of me as he inquired about how I discovered his restaurant.  When I said that it was from an ex-employee having left a menu and not from his guys dropping one off, he decided that maybe he should go deliver the damn menus to area businesses himself!  I agree that this is a sensible idea -- he sounded like he needed a break from the restaurant.Overall pretty good.  I just might be back again soon.  But I do think the prices could stand to drop a buck or so.
5	Great food! Seriously, really good stuff.  Burgers to gyros to grilled cheese. Finally this corner comes to life. Don't let this one close!!!!!!
4	I came here Saturday afternoon for the first time, and really am glad that I did.  I am always on the hunt for a good gyro, and this place definately has them.I carried out just the gyro only, no drink or salad. I was going to sit down and eat in the resturant, but was so tired, that I decided to carry out instead.  The place was empty, except for one lady who was finishing up eating when I walked in.Service was great, food was awesome.  I got a huge amount of meat with my gyro, and was extremely happy with the portion size here.  Will be back in the future for more.
4	Arizona seems to lack good Greek food, especially Gyros...that's why being from the Midwest I was so happy when a good Gyro place finally opened in Tempe.  It's in a great location, right on the corner of University and McClintock so It's easy to get to on the way to or from class.  Their Gyro is very well portioned and is way bigger than any other Gyro I had in Arizona.  Their Gyro meat is well spiced there's definitely alot of it in the pita along with a good helping of the cucumber sauce that really accentuates the meat.  I usually just get the Gyro by itself and that usually enough to fill me up...wow, just describing the place makes me want to make a quick run and grab it for dinner right now, seriously.
4	Today was my first visit.  Will definitely be back.  Fast & Friendly service (have to admit I liked that he called me "miss")  :)Of course I had to get one of the traditional Gryo's. You can't judge a Gyro place if you don't try their gryo.It was not too big & it was not too small.  So in my opinion that makes it JUST RIGHT.It was very good! The meat was very tender and had lots of flavor. It comes with tomatoes, onions and (yummy) sauce.  The bread was excellent! So fresh and warm.  I should have ordered some extra to go along with some extra sauce....  next time.I also tried the chicken, artichoke & roasted red peppers with sauce.  Wow was that ever flavorful!  That particular combo really allows each ingredient to stand out.  Again the toasted bread is outstanding!There were quite a few people in there for lunch on a week day & every one of them looked happy and enjoying their lunch!  Oh yeah, we'll come back here.  Next time I'll be sure to take some extra menus and let me friends know about this place the next time they are planning a trip to Tempe!
4	I've eaten Niro's Gyros gyro sandwiches and fries about 4 times, and I love them.  The gyros  are very flavorful and filling.  The fries are some of the best around.  I like the greek salads too.  Overall this is good food for a reasonable price.I recommend it.
4	Good gyros and pitas.  They provide a good portion of meat to the veggies and sauce, and the pita bread is served grilled to add a nice balance of crisp and soft.  The triple gyro plate can easily feed 3 or 4 (depending on how hungry you are).  Their other options, like the philly steak, are also quite tasty.
4	On the way home from the library, I was in hunt of food again, and it seems like I found Greek/Mediterranean food again.  I have driven on McClintock at least a hundred times passing Niro's.  I decided that I was not going to make any food at a late night, and I made a sudden sporadic right turn into the plaza.  I wasn't super hungry, but I wanted a decent meal.  I am on somewhat of a calorie restriction, and I did not have many left due to the fact I had some cake earlier in the day.  Niro's had a diet menu which basically served the gyro without the pita bread.  I am not that crazy about pita bread, so I gave it a shot.  The chicken was like the shaved meat that is typical of beef or lamb.  It was flavorful but not overwhelming.  My meat came with fresh tomatoes, onions, lettuce, and cucumber type sauce on the side.  This was a delicious and light meal.
3	i got a giant fucking burger. The beef and grilled onions were really good, but the whole thing was super salty. Saltier than the fries. The pickles are a waste. Zero flavor. The worst is the awkward silence between the terrible country/90s rock. Get a tv or a fish tank or something!
4	Great spot to grab some Gyros, hot dogs, and other chicago type Greeky yumz! The space is.. spacious! The prices are great, and the food is pretty fantastic. LO CARB GYRO PLATES!! YASSS! ALSO, (contradicting myself.. but whatevs) THE ONION RINGS ARE SOOOO GOOD.  Very similar to Niro's in Ahwatukee.. Ok like.. the same thing. Just newer. and BIGGER! and closer to my house. yay! Niro's!
1	First of all, I really wanted to enjoy this restaurant.  I ate a Niro's in Awatukee several years before and I had a great combo with a Gyro, and salad for about $7.  Good value and very tasty.  This was not my experience visiting the Tempe location this week.  I ordered the Italian combo sandwich with gravy vs marinara with both hot and mild peppers, a side of hummus (pita's not included and were an extra charge).  My husband ordered the pita combo with fries and a drink.  When I received my sandwich, it came with a side of au jus.  I opened the sandwich and there was plenty of meat despite the sandwich being surprisingly small, aprox. 4".  The sandwiches only come in one size so the fact that it was so small detracted from the overall value.  The bread was not good.  In parts it was soggy and in other parts it was rubbery like they microwaved it first.  I picked up the sandwich and it fell apart from being so soggy.  All the toppings fell off.  I couldn't tell which peppers were the hot ones but I suppose they were part of an odd mix of finely minced carrots, onions and cauliflower in some sort of really oily dressing that added to the soggy mess.  Not good at all.  The sausage was not very flavorful and the beef didn't taste fresh.  My husband talked to the guy who took our order to see if I could get a fresh piece of bread in order to reassemble my sandwich.  From the back I heard a microwave ding.  Did they really microwave the bread?  O yes they did.  I asked the guy if he microwaved the bread because the new bread was wrinkled and rubbery.  He explained they keep the bread in the fridge and how else were they supposed to warm it up.  Really!!!  Not the kind of food preparation I want to pay $7 for.  A small, soggy, microwaved sandwich.  Subway is better than that and is a better deal. They guy was nice and replaced my sandwich with  Gyro.  It was also small but loaded up with meat.  The pita was grilled and sandwich was decent enough but not great.  I kept wishing I had taken my husband's recommendation and gone to My Big Fat Greek Express but I wanted to try something new that was closer to home.  My mistake. Last and definitely least was the hummus.  It came in a small cup.  It also seemed like it was in the fridge for about a week.  I tried to dip my pita in but the top was crusty and I had to stir it up just to get some out.  It was a little chalky and not so fresh.  The only good thing I found was the freshly grilled pitas.  They were soft, warm and yummy but a pita alone does not a meal make.
3	One of the better gyros I have had here in the valley. They provide a generous helping of meat for your hard earned dollar. However, the place is so big and open that it feels empty - they could use a location half this size or maybe add some pool tables and a beer bar to draw the college crowd? It has the proximity to the 101 and ASU to become a winner!
5	Love this place! The gyro plate is where it's at - if you're looking for a meal to split between two people the double plate (for us, at least) is 2 meals worth of meat and tzatziki sauce and comes in a to-go container. It only comes with 2 pita's but we just stop by Trader Joe's or Sunflower and pick up a pack for a few $. The fries and salad are also superb. Staff are all really friendly, and cannot complain about a 10% discount for ASU ID.
4	I ate probably my second gyro ever here, so I can't really honestly compare, but this one was pretty good. We did order fries, and our meals didn't come with them but whatever.
5	Was never a fan of gyros growing up, the last one I ever remember tasted gross.  Now as an adult my tastebuds are different and when I tried a gyro at this place, I was excited to find a new love - Gyros!This is the only place I have ever tried them and I thought the one in 48th street was better. Up until the other day when I ordered one and this tasted even better.  This place is pretty quick with your order, it is quiet and laid back.  They make the best gyros I had so far. If you are a first time eater of a gyro, I recommended this place! Huge pile of meat in your gyro!
4	I've seen this restaurant change its face several times. This time I hope it stays this way. Both times we ordered carry-out, the servers were wonderful. Our orders were ready, hot and accurate. The 10% discount from ASU students doesn't suck either. I highly recommend this place.
4	Out of business, has been replaced by Sunny's Diner.
