4	ate here with the parents. we all ordered the same dish - the chicken brochette. i was surprised to see the "americanized" food portions they give you ... a huge brochette of nicely seasoned grilled chicken with onions and peppers, fries, and a huge salad (get the marathon salad - the dressing is pure crack cocaine!). this place was packed and constant foot traffic coming in and out - and according to my parents, it's always this way - which tells me the ingredients must always be fresh with this constant turnover. i'm not sure how good the other locations are, but this one was a very good experience for me.
4	love the souvalkis
4	Decent Souvlaki for a great price. Great place to fed the kids for cheap and it beats McDonald's(which isn't that much cheaper). Just don't bring your date here, unless you know she loves Souvlaki and your trying to save a buck ;)
3	A SOLID 3 star. Muck better than Arahova. Huge portions, delicious tsatziki sauce (garlicky but not to the point where your mouth still tastes like garlic the morning after!) and affordable. Definitely hits the spot.
4	Giving away four stars is not what I expected but how could I not? My clean plate at the end of the meal is clear evidence that this place is worth it. Sure, the menus are laminated and the hostess may not give you any warmth at the door but wait until you get to the table. Our server was attentive and had a good sense of humour to keep up with my family. He even upgraded our tzatziki to an extra large and brought us more to take home. For something like $10.75, I got a chicken stick platter. Attractive title! Forget that, it comes with your choice of a Greek salad or "Marathon" salad, which is the same thing with lettuce. One last choice, rice vs. fries. For me, I didn't have to make many choices by going for the Greek salad with half rice and half fries. Three sides!  Fries: Thick potato discs, not too greasy, not traditional French fries, delicious. Rice: No complaints! Some spices and parsley throughout, nicely cooked. Greek salad: Hefty cuts of tomato and cucumber with slivered onions and just a few olives. Really enjoyed the dressing and letting the rice soak some of it up. Chicken: Unfortunately my least favourite? Great grill marks but was a tad dry. It was enormous portion but that didn't matter to me! I loved all the combinations that I could make, especially with a side of tzatziki. I had all the classics in one place and at a low price. Woo!
4	Had dinner here with my brother on Wednesday and was amazed when we walked in how busy it was for a Wednesday.  We ordered and it seemed to take a bit of time for our food tome come out but when it did a heaping oval platter of Donner/rice and greek salad for me.  My brother ordered the same but had fries.  The dinner came as well with some garlic toss which was the nice thick texas toast variety.  Donner was very flavourful (beef and pork).   My salad had quite a few onions (my only complaint) but for under $15 for a huge greek dinner how can you go wrong?  Definitely a west island hit up if you want a good greek meal!
4	A staple in our family. The girls get the chicken pita duo with Greek salad an the boys get the donor pita with marathon salad. We share, plenty of food.
5	Best souvlaki in montreal hands down! And they don't do it by being creative or fancy. The biggest compliment that I can give them is that the food has been exactly the same for 20 years, probably longer, dating back to their first location in laval. There's never a surprise. You get what you expect every single time. Best souvlaki in the montreal area. Don't let the amateurs tell you differently. You can take your Marvins, Village Grec, and Arahova and stick em where the sun don't shine because that's where they belong.
4	Went for a quick dinner here the other night. It was packed and judging by the masse of people at the door, we anticipated a long wait for a table. Luckily since we were only 2, the hostess was able to squeeze us into a small table as soon as we walked in!Our waiter was... efficient. Took our orders quickly, asked all the right questions and filled our waters as soon as they were empty. He wasn't overly-friendly, which was ok with us, since we just wanted to eat and get out quickly. Instead of asking how our food was, he just gave us a thumbs-up with a questioning look on his face. Fine by us for that night, but I would normally expect a little more warmth. The food was GREAT. And lots of it for the price. For $10.95, my plate included a large vegetarian wrap, rice, fries and a generous heaping of Greek salad. Same price for the Doner plate, which my date ordered. Would definitely go back. Reservations are a must if you're a big group!
4	When I think of Marathon, I think "simple, done right." Marathon sees no need to be fancy, but they do the basics really well. I NEVER expected that Marathon (this location and the one off Decarie near the old Blue Bonnets) would be staples on my restaurant list. When I want no-nonsense Greek style food that I know will be prepared well, I don't have to think very long (and I'm not the most decisive person when it comes to choosing a restaurant.)2 chicken sticks with half-and-half rice and fries and a side of greek salad with Marathon dressing. Sounds really plain but tastes delicious. And my plate is cleaned - spotless - every time. It's just good food. Consistently. Go now. You'll be glad you did.
4	Had an excellent dinner here last night that consisted of a donair platter on the patio. Very reasonable as it came out just over $15 with tip. It was a belly buster of a meal. Excellent quality and freshness! This place is a fat man's paradise if you are down with greek food!  Copious quantity and very tasty!
5	This is one of my favorite take out restaurants.   Very busy on friday, best to call ahead as the take-out area is VERY busy.   Everything is so fresh, and just love the Marathon salads!
4	I've been here a couple times in the past, and have never been disappointed. We had called ahead of time because we were a large group (i.e. 18 people), and we were seated within 10-15 minutes of our reservation time, which isn't bad considering our experiences elsewhere. I usually get the same thing when I go here - the chicken gyro pita with rice and Greek salad.YUM! The tzaziki wasn't too overpowering, but was creamy and delicious. The chicken was plentiful and the pita nice and crispy, yet doughy on the inside. The rice was flavourful and given in generous portion, and the Greek salad was simple yet delish. The only reason why this place doesn't get a full 5 stars is because our waiter was quite rude and unattentive - we had to flag him down multiple times to refill our water, even though most of the time he was just standing at the counter near the kitchen talking to co-workers - and also because Arahova's (the one on Taschereau in Brossard) is my #1 Greek fave.
4	I love this place. I always stop here at least once whenever I visit Montreal.  I ran into someone in Ventura Calif, who was from Montreal and Marathon came up as a favorite casual restaurant on the West island for both of us.The portions are very large, so if you plan to try different things keep that in mind.  I've tried most items on the menu and have never been disappointed.
4	I generally dislike the West Island, but I'll make an exception and enter its perimeters when I'm in the mood for Greek because I love Marathon. That's it, that's all. They usually start you off with bread that is, to be honest, sorely lacking in flavour. After all these years, I'm still not sure what they put on it - olive oil? Butter? Or maybe garlic butter? I always order the chicken stick with rice and the Marathon salad. That said, you can ask for potatoes, or half rice/ half potatoes (which is what they generally serve). As well, they have another salad option but I don't remember what it is because I never have it.  The chicken is perfect, with just the right amount of juiciness and flavour. I'm sure most people would say the rice is just 'OK' but I really like it. It's got a nice taste to it and its not sticky or clumpy. The salad is good but they do tend to overdo it on the dressing, so if you don't like too much, I suggest asking for this on the side. The salad is comprised of Iceberg lettuce, some onions (that I remove), tomatoes, cucumber, 3 Kalamata olives (yes, I counted) and a slice of Feta cheese. Personally, I'd like to see a few more olives in the mix!The downsides: It's a Greek restaurant and they make you pay for Tzatziki, which boggles my mind every single time. Hello? Isn't that a staple when eating Greek food? I eat my meal sans sauce, because as far as I'm concerned, it should come with the meal.  The staff can be a little neutral (i.e. you don't really feel the love - they're not very smiley). Go for the food! Just remember that Thursday-Saturday nights will likely be packed, so be prepared to wait or go early.
5	One of my favorite places to eat for 20+ years now. Traditional Greek cuisine that hits the spot, especially when you need a boost during a crappy day.The original is located in Laval but this new location keeps the food and service on par as the original.A few notes :- Many different and delicious dishes to try out. My all time favorite is the chicken pita platter with their delicious marathon salad and fries.- The Tzatziki is fantastic.- I recommend any lamb dishes they have.- Service is extremely friendly and quick.- As I go only for lunches due to its proximity at work, I cannot see how slow the service gets for dinner (as its the main issue for the laval location). However, this place tends to get pretty packed at lunch so make sure to get in a few minutes early or be forced to wait some.- The price tag is honest and worth every penny.
4	Food is amazing, but the take out service sucks.....in two different occasions, I heard the female staff working in take out, talk bad about the customers!! For that reason, I give it 4 stars.... lighten up girls, customers are the reason why you even have a job!
4	This place is always crowded for lunch and dinner...Quantiy of food for the price is good. same with the quality....Poor Customer service.....and slow servie...From last experience, ...we didn't get our food for 45 mins......got there prior to rush hour...and waiter keep saying sorry..(atleast he said sorry, usually tehy don't )BUt once we ready to pay u gotta wait another 20mins for this guy to come arround with the bill.....Place is clean and neat and good for a group and couples....I still go there because i like the food.....ONLY food...If I can order without looking at their face...i will lv it more
5	Great food, great lunch prices, I eat here all the time
5	Wonderful Greek cuisine we had the chicken and the pork with with chocolate cake for dessert
5	Best quick fix Greek in the entire city of Montreal. If you never want to be disappointed, always full out of your mind with cheap, high quality, flavour bursting food..come here. Love Marathons forever.
4	I love this place, we usually do take out, the plate with the two pitas is enough for two people. The fries and salad are amazing! Everything is just yummy!
2	I left a review a while ago about the ladies working in the take out, not being so professional, today when I went to pick up my food, the girl wasn't even smiling, she seemed a bit stressed about the big crowd being there.... That's fine, I guess. Food was great and I was so excited to eat my Marathon salad, when I opened the lid and was ready to take a nice bite out of the feta cheese, I saw that there was a piece of hair on it!!!! A small piece of hair! I was hoping that it was just the spices on it, but nope, confirmed that it was hair! That's the most disgusting thing ever! Now I'm going to have to think twice before I eat here, which is sad because I loved their food. :(
