4	Unexpectedly brilliant Indian restaurant in Dalkeith/Eskbank. I'm not sure why its brilliance should be unexpected, except that my previous culinary experiences in Dalkeith have not been anything to write about (literally). Although quiet during the lunchtime I was there, the atmosphere was calm but not spooky and the service attentive but never bothersome. And the food was delicious. All the usual suspects on the menu, plus some fish curries and Itihaas specialities. Check out their menu on the website. As full as I was I still managed the coconut ice cream. ah the coconut ice cream, truly a taste of paradise.
4	There are times when I wonder, how on earth did I forget to yelp that the last time? But you know what, so long as it happens, it is always a good thing. And Itihaas is a good thing. I've visited here a few times now and had consistent service and food. A good selection for vegetarians, as well as non. One quibble (and it isn't really) is that it can be a while between courses. Why is that? Well, because everything is cooked to order! You see? It's not a quibble really, but a big fat tick in the box. It comes out steaming hot, tasty and fresh. For starters I had the sabzi pakora, while the boy had a chicken dish (can't remember but he was very proud of picking the dish). Can't really go wrong with a vegetable pakora - this looked more like the baajis i am accustomed too - served with a red sauce that tasted good, no idea what is in it. My date had a fiery Kathmandu chicken whilst I had a spicy Chana Massallam with a surprise slice of lemon in the centre. We shared a special (eggs and peas aplenty) rice with a peshwari naan for me and a garlic naan for him. All of the food tasted great and we rolled out stuffed to the core and for me, lunch the following day. A highlight of Dalkeith and my choice for Indian restaurants in the area.
5	I am a huge lover of Indian food and this is as good as it gets. I'm always dissapointed when I go to another Indian resteraunt because its never as good as this one.The food is always so tasty and fresh. all meals are cooked to order, so you may have to wait a little longer between courses but it is worth it! The service is always inpecible. nothing is too much bother for the staff.Some indian resteraunts make their food so spicey and tasteless but even the really hot food here tastes so good.Would reccomend this resteraunt to anyone. Best there is by far.I dont think I've ever had something in my mouth that has tasted as good at the food from here.
4	To be honest, I just wanted to wax a little more lyrical about Itihaas - and how delicious it's offerins are. Although the boy wasn't overwhelmed by his prawn puree starter or chicken tikka masalla (by his own admission, he 'got what he expected'), I was so excited about mine - from the salmon tikka to start - delicious with enough kick to keep me on my non spicy toes, to my saag aloo (by god I think they got the potato from heaven it tasted so good) and one of the most enjoyable chana massallams I've had in a while. I enjoyed every single bite.
4	I have only had one sit-in and one takeaway from Itihaas. On both occasions the food was excellent.The thing that impresses me most about this restaurant is the service. Extremely good.I remember when my partner and I went for a sit-in, the manager/owner was very friendly and chatty. Tonight (New Years Day) we went for a takeaway and the same chap came around all the folk waiting for their baggies and wished them all a HNY and shook everyone's hand and bore a big smile. This was a nice touch but more importantly showed that the management care about how their business is perceived and their customer's experience while on the premises.  With this attitude, everything else is bound to be good.Will be back....soon.Happy New Year to allAdrian
