5	Dude this place is awesome!!! The staff is incredible especially Scott, who has some amazing stories from his days touring with KISS and other bands. The prices are great!
4	Great used wax, friendly, set up is great.  All new stuff on one rack, two weeks old another rack, three, then actual stock...  I will go back.
5	Cool record store, tons of other rock items. Got some great steals for $2 each. Will go back for sure! Sign up for the email list and get a discount.
2	Being an avid collector of records, I was excited to find a locally owned record store fairly close to my home.I must admit I am a pretty loyal customer to Revolver Records (I was introduced by a friend years ago.)  It is the only place I know of for a great selection of records, but all too often I don't have enough time to make that drive on busy weekends.  One Saturday afternoon I was jonesing to buy a few new records and was limited on time so I googled record stores closer to home.  Enter Rockzone records...  A few miles away, I was excited to make a quick visit.  Much smaller in size, I wasn't very impressed by Rockzone's selection, but thought it would be a fun place to come and brouse on a Saturday afternoon. As I walked in the store, the counter guy was on the phone.  He had brought his kid to work that day and I thought that was cute that the little guy was there helping Dad.  I browsed for a bit (not too impressed by the prices or limited selection) and talked to the kid.  When the Dad got off the phone I went up to ask a question.I have had a Curtis Matthes stereo for years.  It has served me well, but it is on it's last leg and I am needing something else.  I asked for recommendations.  After all, an employee of a record store, should be knowledgeable about players, right?  Wrong!  He showed me his selection of p.o.s. way over priced used record players, and tried to sell me a new bare bones cheap player for $100.  I later found out he was trying to scam me by asking $40 over the regular retail price.  This guy obviously knew nothing about record players (or thought I knew nothing,) and definitely wasn't interested in my business.I am always one for shopping local, and was saddened of such horrible service.  Oh well, I will still try to find a place close by who actually wants my business.   You lost out on some decent business Rockzone!
5	Now I just recently been collecting records for a hobby because I dig old music. I collect records mostly from the 70s to 80s (Why 80's you ask? Because 80s rock rules and I don't like cassettes much). So I found this place because I went to check out Naked Daves music because of some promotion they were having with a musician doing a meet and greet.  Anyways I went into this place, and it's what you would expect for a lot of used records, tapes, etc etc. I really like the fact that you can find decent/good quality records for under a dollar (if already hasn't been picked up).
2	They don't really have a great selection. I'm not even sure they had any new releases. The majority of it is 70's & 80's rock. They do have really good prices if that is your musical genre preference, though.
1	Everything is super beat to hell. no new stuff. All beat 70s and 80s rock stuff. condition is bad. Staff is annoying and I've seen them over at the Tempe zia raiding the bins for stuff to mark up. I would skip the trip.
