2	A few days ago I was looking for The claim" Best Burger in Charlotte" at Eat Here Now a burger joint. They where closed so I went across the street. First of all I have found  many places that are very good when I have been looking to dine at another place  and for what ever reason I did not make it  so the odds where for me that what ever I found I would want to go again.            I am not Irish at least I do not think so, that may have been why the luck of the Irish let me down on this one.Here is the run down location Ayrsley  Town Blvd area a busy area with a mix of restaurants, a movie theater, A sports bar that I have already reviewed   and was terrible. This is a  prime location  and any restaurant  owner would give their first born for this space.And their second born for that matter.            As you may have read I am a Chips and Salsa person I make my own chips and salsa of many kinds so if you got chips, Salsa and beverages you got me . More about that later. As I walk in you pass threw  a pretty nice little bar area  with only 2 people? In this busy location? What gives I thought?            So we make our way past the decor that any Mexican restaurant has I notice I guess maybe 5 maybe more very large  flat screen TVs so now you have a bar and Tvs  Ok sports bar ?The place was pretty clean and a patio outside in the back that I though when the weather gets cooler would be packed or should be..            We get our chips and salsa Ok with the name of Salsa's you better bring it.!!  There is something about  using certain names of the food that you have in a restaurant that tells the customer " with that name surely its good/"I know your still waiting on the chips and Salsa report  we will get to it a moment .             I have to give it  to them they make a mean Mango Daiquiri but, it took forever considering there was only 6 people in the whole place and 4 of them where finishing  .And I normally do not ask about the price  but, the menu that I am looking at does not even have them listed nor the price I felt that very strange for a Mexican restaurant  at  such a good location (again) Why not have it on the menu?               I had the El Presidente a combo platter withTostada,taco,Chile Relleno and my other  wanted Carne Asada typical  Mexican restaurant chain restaurant food big  cold plates and heated up in Broiler just so so taste and not much  authenticity .Oh ya back to the chips and Salsa chips stale over heated I hope what I have heard is wrong that the chips are reheated off of someone else s plate that's terrible. And the salsa watered down no flavor . Just a FYI I had some chips that I had made the Day before and I tasted some of mine and the "Fresh" ones we just got home with... Theirs where terrible !! Come on no excuses 6 people in the place it takes me about 1 minute to make enough chips to feed 4 . Maybe a Taco Bell would do better at " this" location?
3	For a mexican restaurant, Salsa's was decent.  There food is good and their margaritas are tasty.  I love chips and salsa and thought they were good here.  I'm not a tortilla chip conseseur like Joseph L.  If the chips are fresh and cripsy I am a happy camper.The fried ice cream was delicious.  Chi-chi's was about the last time I had fried ice cream at a restaurant.
4	We went for a business lunch on a Wednesday. The servers were attentive and speedy. Our group of 10 seemed to all enjoy their food. I had the vegetarian quesadillas.  They were very tasty and I had the biggest plate on the table. The atmosphere was fun, but relaxing enough that we could talk to each other in normal voices. There were flat screen TVs in the corner running SportsCenter. I would love to come back and try the chimichangas. They looked amazing!
2	OK, like everything in this little area.  The price was alright, my burrito was alright, the salsa was alright.  There's got to be a better place close by!
2	When I crave Mexican, all I really ask for is a good margarita, decent rice, and some cheesy meaty goodness wrapped in a tortilla. Unfortunately, salsa's disappointed me in all of these areas. The margarita was watery, the food was mediocre, and the only promptness I saw from the bartender was when she brought there check. I'll stick with taco bell next time I want crappy Mexican and slow service.
4	Any time someone gives you free chips and salsa, it can't be all that bad of a place.  The food was quite tasty here.  I had a beef taco and beef burrito.  The biggest turn off for me was a whole bay leaf in my burrito.  On one hand, I'm really glad they take the time to properly season their beef but stuff like that can be removed before serving.  The Margarita was very tasty and decently priced if you get them on special.  I'd come back here again.
4	Great sangria and mango juice.  Food was very good and the service was quick and friendly.
3	The food was pretty good, but their drinks are what will bring you back. The $20 pitcher of margaritas are awesome.
4	This place has great food, great value, good drinks and specials and they get food our pretty quickly. If you are looking for good Mexican Food and fun with friends this place is it.
4	This review has been a long time due for Salsa's. This place has great salsas (as it should!) and drink specials all week long. The service is quick and impeccable as they are very attuned to your requests. The last time we came here we had literally 30-40 minutes to order, eat and get to our movie. They know my husband and I so well that we don't even have to ask for the various salsas or even drinks! They have recently revamped their menu and have added many different dishes aside from their usual fare. There are many different vegetarian options as well that are very good. The side of vegetables that accompany many of the dishes are cooked to perfection with the right amount of seasoning. The portions are rather large and can even be split between 2 people.  My only qualm would be their house margarita - I do not care for the pre-mixed drinks that are more sour mix than tequila so I steer clear of that. Other than that, great choice for any meal, even an impromptu quick weekday dinner.
3	I have only been here for lunch, as it is close to the office. The service is always quick and friendly, especially if you are on a time crunch. They get your drink order right away and have some authentic choices. Free chips and salsa are given to each table at the beginning of the meal and replenished as quickly as you go through them. Lunch specials are worth taking a look at it, and the portion size is definitely a bang for your buck. Word on the street is they have great drink specials and dinner is good as well. Worth checking out if you are in the area and looking for somewhere affordable to eat, but it won't knock your socks off. The servers did play along with us as we pulled a prank on a member of our party by pulling out sombrero and birthday candles. Their sense of humor was much appreciated.
5	The food was excellent and it was a very nice place
1	Food has gone downhill from 2 years ago. Servers are kids...not trained well.  The steak in the tacos was chopped real small, dry and overcooked...not fresh.  Chips were cold.  Just not what this restaurant used to be.  And iced tea is now $2.75, which is sad, especially when the server doesn't come fill it up or add ice.
1	What a disappointment. This place use to be so good. Prices went up and the quality hit the bottom. I actually use to think this place should be charging more. The California Burrito use to be in my top 5 dishes in Charlotte.
5	Beer specials are great....   $1.99 pints.   Chips are great and portions are large.   The sopa de pollo (chicken soup)  is excellent.  Great place for all the road warriors in the two Hilton properties down the street.
4	The food here was very good and service was quick. I got the sangria margarita and while it was tasty it was definitely weak on the alcohol. The ambiance is also a little lacking and could use some updating. But overall a good experience.
4	The food was exceptional and not bland like most typical Mexican restaurants. Price was a tad high but not enough to turn you off from coming again. All in all, this place is definitely worth a try.
1	Hostesses were horrible and the manager.Hostesses reached over table to pass notes while we were eating and didn't apologize.  Manager came over and excused service saying they were overwhelmed.  I was taught by the age of 4 not to reach over someone's food while they are eating.  No excuse
4	Salsa's is a great little Mexican spot in the town of Ayrsley.  We used to go there almost weekly when we lived in Steele Creek.  The veggie quesadilla is excellent.  Carna Asada also delicious.  Portions are large.  Drinks are fantastic, great beer selection and yummy margaritas.  Salsa is soooo good.  Really nice outdoor seating area but comfortable indoor restaurant as well.  We miss going there now that we've moved to the other side of Charlotte but we try going back when we're around there.
3	My waiter was lovely but my food left much to be desired. The food was seasoned decently but it wasn't hot. Very lukewarm. I ordered the carnitas fajitas with refried beans and rice. If it had been hot, I would've given higher ratings because it was seasoned well. But less than warm food doesn't move me.
5	First visit and certainly will not be the last....very good. The salsa is perfect served  with warm tortilla chips   I had soft shell shrimp tacos.
5	Had a great lunch.  Accommodated special request to have Chorizo added to a dish.  Generous portions of guacamole when ordered as a side.  Prompt and attentive service
5	Awesome place. The food and drinks were great. The staff was very friendly and helpful when selecting things on the menu. As an out of towner, it was really nice to stumble in on a place where it seems they have a regular clientele and know what they're doing to accommodate their patrons. If I'm ever in town again, I will definitely return.
