5	Peking Garden is a wonderful place, excellent for its variety of interesting dishes and pleasant atmosphere. I throughly enjoyed my chile chicken, fried chicken with chile peppers and a fiery hot sauce, which was the spiciest dish I have ever had in a Chinese restaurant. The meal ended with fortune cookies and a plate of succulent oranges. The service was great and the prices weren't bad either. I definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	This is a great place to meet with friends before seeing a movie at the Art.    Great service and good food.   For a special treat, ask for the traditional menu, which features additional dishes (for the more adventurous).
4	Peking Garden is a delightful locale, and definitely one to visit as an ironic hipster in graduate school.  The decorations are garish, the food is 'authentic' in that way that Chinese food is translated for Middle America.  I found myself @ Peking Garden celebrating a friends' completion of his prelims.  Nate decided that he was going to have a Mai Tai, and it came in a disturbing Fu-Manchu mug complete with exaggerated Asian features.  I was horrified and delighted simultaneously.But not as delighted as when my friend Emily and I orderd the "Hawaii + Love Bowl," a gigantic bowl of alcohol filled with cherries and anchored in the center by a small well of rum--SET ON FIRE.Hells yes.  Because nothing says, "I've just moved to a small Midwest college town" like "Let's consume the flaming jungle juice of the gods, ladies and gentlemen!"The food was good, although I found my shrimp fried rice as boring as it sounds.  That was my fault for ordering it, not theirs for making it.  I sampled everyone else's dishes however, and they were quite tasty.  And when my uppity friend Myra bellowed that she didn't like our fortunes, they gave us brand new fortune cookies.  Except the second time--my fortune was blank.  Please Jesus, tell me that doesn't mean I'm going to die from drinking the "Hawaii + Love Bowl."
2	What a let down! I had my hopes high... I like Chinese food but I had been afraid to get it anywhere in Champaign for fear of being disappointed. But after reading the menu I thought I'd give it a try as it looked authentic enough (to me...). Maybe I ordered the wrong thing (Hunan chicken), but it was really disappointing: bland Chinese American, nothing tasty, nothing original. I took a few bites and threw the rest in the trash (... I can't believe I'm confessing to this!...). Kudos, though, for: the very extensive menu, the friendly waitress, and staying till 11pm (which is rare for Champaign). Maybe I'll give it another try.
5	So many lovely memories of going here twice a week (at least!) with my boy.We would order strictly from the Korean Menu--if memory serves me right, "intestine shaped like squirrel", anyone?Excellent owners and staff with a very inviting and unique environment.
5	Debbie, the manager of Peking Garden, is always so incredibly courteous and kind to the customers. She remembers all of their names, and greets and hugs their kids too. I go there all the time, and it's such a nice refreshing change from many other restaurants with bad and distant service. Not only does Peking Garden have great service, but their food is so unbelievably tasty. Try their crunchy wontons or egg rolls for appetizers, they are always such a hot treat. You can also ask them to make a dish with special considerations (like "make it non-sweet") and they never give you trouble for specific requests (unlike other restaurants in town.)Overall, it's a really nice atmosphere with private booths, relaxing eastern music in the background and smiles for miles.
5	This place is great.  Now, I've only been there once (and they were exhaustively busy) but my party received the food we ordered, no mistakes, in a timely fashion.  They have a great menu that a health nut, a vegan, and an all-around omnivore could handle.  That, and the appetizers were very yummy.I don't remember the specific name of the dish I ordered (I think Szechuan Tofu) but the portion was HUGE.  After eating dinner, I had 3 full lunches (+ white rice) packed away from this one.  My friend ordered a really great looking orange chicken, and my health-nut friend got a really nice shrimp stir fry request.Not only that, but they are very accommodating.  My vegan self loves fried rice every now and then, and they obligingly made it sans egg.  This place is great.  Everyone's food was fantastic, and they seem to really take special orders very, very well.  Goooo heeeeereee om nom nom...
5	I came here again and requested "General Tso's Tofu", something not on their eat-in menu.  IT WAS AWESOME.  I will never go to another Chinese food restaurant.
3	I was excited to try Peking Garden after reading numerous positive reviews from here and other sites.  I finally had the opportunity to try it out after suggesting it to a roommate over other options.Since I've reviewed another Chinese restaurant and hope to continue doing so, I decided it would be best to get the same dish (General's Chicken).  I know this is not traditional Chinese but it is a common dish and is one of my favorites.The first difficulty I had with Peking Garden is ordering.  They do not have a website and it is not easily found online.  Luckily I was able to find one on campusfood.com.  Next, I noticed that the entrees were sort of expensive (my dish was $10.90 with tax).  This isn't too outrageous as the portions were relatively large but there are plenty of other, cheaper options in the area.After finding the menu and placing the order over the phone, I was told it would only be about 10 minutes until our food was ready.  When we arrived around 10 minutes later, our food was waiting for us at the front counter.  One thing that I did not care for right away was that the rice for both of our orders was included in one container.  This isn't a huge deal but would have been easier for us had they been separate.   My meal had pretty good flavor, though it wasn't as spicy as other places.  Despite the flavor, both my roommate and I noticed that the chicken was tough to the point it was chewy.  This is probably the biggest reason for my 3-star rating as almost all other Chinese I have had has been very tender.Overall the meal was good but I doubt that I will be returning to Peking Garden anytime soon.
5	I disregarded this restaurant entirely, even though it's only a couple blocks away from my house.  Why?  I dunno.  Nobody should disregard this restaurant--ever!  It's delightful!  I called an order for pickup in at 5:30-6 on a Saturday night and they quoted me a wait of 5 MINUTES.  That is the least amount of time ever for anything in the history of the universe.  I've had a longer wait at an ice cream stand!  This is not to mention that I asked for something that wasn't even on the menu and they happily accommodated me (granted, it's not like a veggie stir fry with hot garlic sauce is difficult to do, but still--it's the principle!). I heart you, Peking Garden.  I'm sorry I didn't come to you sooner.
4	I've only been here once but as far as I know, it's good stuff! I ordered chicken and broccoli and the portions were HUGE. Not to mention the dishes were served separately in three really cute bowls/plates complete with crispy won tons and soup. The service was also really awesome, fast, and it was cute because it was a mother and her two (really adorable) kids. The only thing was that it was a bit empty in there, perhaps because of the odd location. I definitely will be back to hopefully give this place it's fifth star!
1	I realize that the standards for Chinese food in this town are extreeeemely low.  However, the fact this joint has such a high yelp rating leaves me distressed over the taste buds of my fellow yelpers.Fried rice- fairly standard, right?  I've never had such a horrible and disgusting excuse for fried rice.  There was nothing in it.  No bits of egg, no meat, no shreds of carrot, no scallion, no onion, no peas.  Nothing.  A scoop full of sticky brown-ish rice.  It smelled like cardboard and had no discernible flavor.  Just rice doused with soy sauce.  Effing gross.The chicken did not taste like General Tso.  It was like they added a tad of soy sauce to the sweet n' sour.  It was not spicy.  It was not flavorful.  And the meat itself?  Dry, tough, stringy, chewy.The rangoon were filled with cream cheese, but they didn't seem to have any crab.This place blows.
5	I have had Chinese food in many places - Peking Garden is certainly one of the very best of them.I love spicy food. That's why the spicy chicken from their special menu is my all time favorite. If you are into spicy food, you'll love it!To balance the heat of the spicy chicken, you can have the gan-shao shrimp. It's a sweet and sour dish and will certainly complement the fiery-hot spicy chicken.Other recommendations include mongolian beef, eggplant in garlic sauce, and fish-in-a-plate with spicy sauce.In ethnic restaurants I try to avoid dishes commonly found in fast food restaurants (orange chicken, general tso's chicken in a chinese restaurant for example). So, if you want to try something different Peking Garden is a great place - the owner, although not very fluent in English, tries her best to accommodate your needs.
3	Average fast food Chinese served by friendly people. I have always taken out here, and never ordered anything off the non-Americanized menu. It wouldn't surprise me if they have better items that I have yet to try, but what I have had so far has been very reasonably priced, well-portioned, and exactly what one would expect. Nothing wrong with three stars.If you are getting it for lunch at work like I often do, be sure to order off the lunch specials menu or you will overpay. Also make sure to set an alarm clock for 4:55pm to rouse you out of your food coma in time to go home.
5	AWESOME food and friendly wait staff. The owner is so nice and always remembers me and my boyfriend when we come in and greets us personally. We don't even go there that often! The Chinese Eggplant in Garlic Sauce is AMAZING and the Scorpion Bowl drink is delicious and hilarious. Comes in a Hawaiian themed bowl with a shot in the center that is on fire! Yummy yummy.
4	Nice sit-down Chinese place.  What else is there to say?
2	I have a high standard for Chinese food, so most places don't get the coveted 5 star rating.  Peking Garden was a weird case for me though.This place is EXTREMELY hit or miss, more so then I ever seen a restaurant be... The first time I went here with coworkers, the food was hot, came quick, and tasted terrific. At the time, I would have ALMOST gave it a 5 star rating. I was glad I didn't though. I went back a second time and the food came out cold, there was a long wait, and it didn't taste nearly as good. I went back a third time, and this time the food was just average tasting.  My entree was great but the soup and egg roll tasted weird.. The service was also bad this trip. The 4th time I went back though was what ultimately makes the place deserve the 2 star rating, as not only was the service terrible, but our food took almost 45 minutes to come out and there were only three tables filled in the restaurant. The worst part was that me and my girlfriend got food sickness from it... It was not fun especially since we both had to work later that day.  We are pretty sure it was from the egg drop soup.  It had large chunks of either oil or raw egg in it, and we were sick for nearly two weeks with stomach cramps.  Somewhat trivial but the day was only made worse as the waitress made pricing errors on my bill, of which I had to argue with her that egg rolls came with the lunch special and were not supposed to be an extra charge... At this point, other then the first time I went there, the food has been pretty sub-par, and food comes out cold way too often... Service can also go from great to absolutely terrible depending on who is working that day. I wanted to really like this place since it is close to my work, and the food is priced right ($6-7 for a big plate), but unfortunately, bad service, long wait times, and food that frequently goes from tasting good to absolutely terribly has me moving on. Eater's beware, maybe you'll get a good meal, but you may get a terrible one too....
3	Alright food. Pretty average in taste, quality, and prices. A bit inconsistent with their cooking.
5	When my brother- and sister-in-law (who is Taiwanese) visited recently, we made the very great decision to let her order for all of us off of the secret menu.  If you visit Peking Garden's website, they call it the "Exotic Menu."  Nothing that I'd gotten off the menu for whitey had been bad, mind you, but the real deal stuff was awesome.  In addition to Sizzling Rice Soup, Deep-Fried Shrimp (whole), and Twice-Cooked Pork, we were treated to Stir-Fried Lamb with Ziran and Bean Leaves in Garlic Sauce.  The Ziran sauce was sweet, maybe reminiscent of cinnamon, and unlike anything I'd tasted in Chinese cuisine before.  The Bean Leaves were vibrantly green, tender--not soggy, and studded with garlic cloves.  AMAZING.I still have not had their giant alcoholic drinks, but I want to.  I just want to have a cocktail big enough for two people while munching on bean leaves and garlic cloves.  Is that too much to ask?
4	For years I lived a block from this little unsuspecting restaurant, and I always passed it by because I thought it was just another greasy counter serving your average Chinese fare.  If you walk into Peking Garden and they hand you that menu with the classic Americanized dishes (General Tso's chicken, lo mien, fried rice, etc.), tell them that you actually want to see the menu with the traditional, true-blue Chinese dishes (squid, sea cucumber, etc.).  Unfortunately, I can't vouch for the Americanized food items as I've never tasted them.  However, there IS just one thing that makes this restaurant GOLDEN in my book: Peking Garden is the ONLY Chinese restaurant in the Champaign-Urbana area (to my knowledge) where you can eat a very specific type of traditional Chinese cuisine called hot pot (sometimes called shabu-shabu in Japanese restaurants).  If you've never eaten hot pot before, let me explain the general idea: a portable stove and miniature pot of boiling broth will be brought to your table.  You will also be given plates of raw vegetables, meat, and noodles.  You toss whatever you want to eat into the pot, wait a few minutes, and then start serving the soup from your table.  Definitely a treat during winter months, and worth a try for adventurous diners!    I haven't tried too many other dishes here, but I did order dumplings once, and have been requesting them on visits ever since.  Usually most Asian restaurants (even the Chinese ones) sell what I consider Japanese or Korean dumplings.  The outside dough is paper-thin, indicating that the dumplings were probably bought frozen instead of prepared in-store.  At Peking Garden, the dumpling dough is thick and chewy, the way Chinese dumplings are SUPPOSED to be!  The meat filling is still a little plain (just ground pork and a few carrots, nothing special), but the dough wrappers are FO' REAL!The interior decor is that faded '80s look that seems to plague a lot of the restaurants in this area.  You can't really tell if the evening mood lighting is actually mood lighting or if they just didn't bother to fix some broken bulbs.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a romantic rendezvous, but it could be fun for friends eating in large groups.Everybody loves Lai Lai or Golden Harbor, and while the menus at those restaurants are a good deal larger, Peking Garden does have its own unique specialty, the hot pot.  If you're not sure what to do when you get there, stare at the tables of Chinese diners, follow their lead, and you won't be disappointed!
4	I come here for lunch occasionally, and the food is pretty decent.
4	I've only ordered for delivery here, but so far, my experience with this place has been excellent.  The woman who normally takes my order over the phone is usually the same person who delivers the food to me.  She is a sweetheart, and when I ordered from a different phone number than I normally do, she recognized my address right away when I gave it to her and asked how I was doing.  What a great memory and way to connect with your customers!Now, for the food.  I've only ordered a couple dishes from here, but I feel no need to change my order any time soon-Mongolian beef and the General Tso's is the usual.  First of all, I love that they ask no questions about making things spicy/extra spicy.  The mongolian beef is ordinarily not spicy, but when I asked if they could add some spice, they enthusiastically said yes- I haven't ordered it unspicy since.  The beef is sooo tender and the sauce they cook it in is to die for.  I literally would eat it everyday if I had a heart of steel.  The General Tso's is pretty good, although not outstanding.  It's a little too sweet and saucy for my taste, but I like to have something to contrast the beef, so this is usually what I go for.The only other dish I've ordered is the Fried Diced Chicken w Red Pepper.  It's pretty much a party in your mouth.  Super spicy, just how I like it- the chicken is cut up small, covered in batter, and deep fried, almost like popcorn chicken, and salty, which is awesome with a plain white rice.  The only reason I don't order this all the time is because it's a little too spicy and I don't want to regret eating it the next day.So, I can't speak for a ton of dishes, but the ones I've had thus far have been very palatable.  And the delivery service is great.  Woohoo!
4	Forgot to write a review last week.  A friend treated me to dinner here.  I'd been here before in the past but seemed to have forgotten about the place.  It was clean and quiet and the service was prompt and courteous.  The egg rolls were good.  My entree was delicious and plentiful.  Again, the house tea was good.  In all, it was a pleasant experience and will be in my rotation of Chinese restaurants.
4	Very tasty food from vegetarian perspective.  Loved their home style tofu and egg plant.  Atmosphere was nice. The owner was very friendly.  I'm definitely coming back.
3	I have had delivery from Peking Garden a few times.  The delivery times have been good, but for the price I find the food to just be OK.  The General Tso's chicken has been pretty bland, even when ordered at the "Hot" setting, and just tastes like deep-fried chicken in some sauce.  It is life sustaining, but not much beyond that.The portions are HUGE...be advised!
4	This is a very nice family-run Chinese restaurant in downtown Champaign, especially convenient for lunch specials that are well-priced. You will usually be waited on by the proprietress, who is one of the nicest and sweetest people in Champaign-Urbana :) The food is pretty good, although perhaps adjusted for American tastes. It reminds me of the many neighborhood Chinese places all up and down Manhattan. I've had a lot of good lunches there - I can recommend the chicken dishes and the shrimp kung pao. Also good won ton soup.
4	was set to cancel my delivery due to issues with the driver and i misunderstanding one another.  i'm glad i didn't.  best pot-stickers ever.  big and fat, fried golden, and a great sauce for dipping.  crab rangoon also very nice.  pork lo-mein and pork fried rice was perfect.  a bit pricey, but a good value.  my only 2 gripes were the delivery issues and the fact that they left out the requested chop sticks.  will definitely order again when i have the means and want to treat myself.
4	This place offers solid authentic Chinese food. The register was packed when I arrived and the manager quickly noticed us hiding behind the swarm of people and we were quickly seated with apologies for the wait and noise. It is a slightly nicer place to have Chinese food in Chambana as the decor extends away from the fast food theme of their take-out menu.  My family and I received the 'authentic' blue menu upon arriving (I'm assuming because we are Chinese) but if you don't receive it automatically I highly suggest you directly ask for it.  The all inclusive hot pot was one of the best things I had there and can easily be a full meal for a single person as it includes clear rice noodles for some filling carbs.  The shredded Szechuan spicy pork was a close second though it should be noted for people who don't know how Chinese pork is shredded, it is cut into thin slices and THEN cooked versus the famous bbq shredded pork in America which is slow cooked and then shredded by hand.  This leads to a more solid texture in the meat and it great when paired with thinly cut vegetables as they do with this dish. The ziran beef had strong flavors and wasn't drenched in a sauce like Americanized places.  For those who are afraid to try it, ziran means cumin so if you like cumin you will love this flavor of beef.  The ambiance is great for large groups as most tables are large and plates are obviously meant for sharing. She does have small kids running around the area but I feel it adds to the homey feel of the restaurant.
1	I wish I could rate 0 stars. I called and placed an order for delivery that was a struggle to get through because she didn't speak or understand English. Then after an hour of waiting, I called back to see where my order was and another person answers and says that she thought I canceled my order. I said why would she think that, I gave my card info and everything and she said 30 mins. So then I ask when my order will now be delivered and she says that she thinks they don't deliver here. I say ok, but you just delivered here 2 weeks ago so she says well, that was 2 weeks ago-BEYOND astonished at how rude that was!! I told her they really need to get their act together and that that was terrible customer service and hung up. RUDE!
5	I have been a regular of this place since 2007. My favorite dishes are "Stir fried pig's intestine in spicy sauce", "Spicy mapo tofu with pork", and "tang-soo-yook".  I almost always get the same menu all the time, so I can't say much about the other items. But man, these people can cook!
4	If you're from Chicago, like me and you are accustomed to "brown" fried rice and not "yellow colored" fried rice then this is the place for you.  The shrimp fried rice is delish! Reminds me of Chinatown in Chicago IL Happy times!
4	Ok yes, it is a little shady. But hot damn is it my guilty pleasure. If you want that traditional American-Chinese food that we have all had since we were kids go here. Drinks are totally from 1950's. Love it.
4	The food is consistent in quality, prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly. We order at least once every two weeks, sometimes once a week
3	The Good: -The delivery was super quick, it was only thirty minutes, and the delivery guy was very nice.-The Bao Bao platter was super yummy, especially the pot stickers, SO GOOD. -Their egg rolls are very good too.-The Little Donuts were super yummy, though standard.The Meh:-The price, the $25 delivery minimum was pretty high, especially for the price of the meals.-The Sweet and Sour Chicken. The chicken itself was cooked well, though the batter had very little flavor (understandable due to the dish being sauce based). The sauce was not something I enjoy at all, but SO thought it was decent.
3	We've been there couple of times. Food is really good, but sometimes they are ' way to hot and spicy'.I'd definitely recommend my friends to go there!
4	We have been looking for good Chinese food that delivers in Chambana, and this place wins! Great soups and love the steamed dumplings. Give it a try.
5	I'm a regular there for lunch.  They're friendly and serve good food.  The lunch menu is also very affordable.  My only criticism would be a way to order lunch online without the extra soup and egg roll.  It's just a lot of extra food I don't need. I've eaten there at night as well, but it's been a while.  I've never been disappointed.
5	I love this restaurant. Hands down, it is my favorite place to get Chinese food in Chambana. I came here the very first week of school with my family and I've been returning ever since. The food is really good, the staff is friendly, and the ambiance is quaint. I admit, it's quite lively inside but I rather like the atmosphere. It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall restaurant because the outside really isn't that interesting but believe, me the food is great. Every tune, I get some type of Sichuan dish, I have yet to find my favorite as I've found that they are all pretty good, and salt and pepper prawns (I tried these at Golden Harbor once and believe me, Peking Garden blows Golden Harbor out of the water.) It is a bit of a ways away from campus, but if you are ever in the area and have a hankering for good food, give this place a try!Update: Their delivery is pretty good too, the service was great!
