1	I ended up paying 1k for a crown that they said would be covered by my insurance. Then they billed me $50 for not going back to them.
5	My family and I have been seeing  Dr. Bazilus (Dr. B) for a few years now. He is a great denist and recommend him to all my family and friends. His office manager Deborah is very helpful and sincere.
5	I am a patient of Dr. Bazilus', and he is the absolute best!  Dr. B is always very honest and makes me feel so comfortable when I come for my appointments.  I've had a few cavities filled and also did the Venus whitening last year.  The front office staff is so friendly and Megan always greets me with a smile and makes me laugh!  I feel so welcome there and never am afraid to go to the dentist anymore.
5	I recently came here for the first time and loved it! The staff at the front were so kind and helpful. I only had to wait a few minutes and then I was taken back into the dental rooms. Everything was very modern and clean. I felt really comfortable here, and I really think it was because everyone seemed to like working there. My hygienist Brigitte was sweet and patient. She also gave me a good cleaning with the cavitron and regular instruments. Dr. Mayer was my dentist and he was nice and answered all of my questions thoroughly. I felt like he really listened to me and cares about my teeth. I will definitely stay with this dentist and am so happy I came here.
1	This practice sends out junk mail and there is no way  to get off.  From now on I am going to write a negative review about everyone who sends me junk mail
5	After moving to Arizona, I hadn't found a dentist I was comfortable with so I was relieved when I found Mountainside Family Dental. They gave me an extremely competitive price for a cleaning as a new patient and did a great cleaning. Dr. Mayer was my dentist and he thoroughly explained all the dental procedures I should undertake along with the seriousness and timeline by which I should get them done. I had braces as a teen and Dr. Mayer knew exactly what had been done and why, and put me on a dental path I felt good about. Everything was explained and the time was taken to figure out my dental history. I don't have dental insurance so the staff gave me plenty of information and options. I didn't feel pressured at all but rather someone was looking out for my dental health and explaining how, when, and why it should be done. That's so relieving to find. There was also a very healthy and professional atmosphere throughout the clinic. I would recommend Mountainside Family Dental and Dr. Mayer.
