4	i'd go here lots if i lived here. affordable prices (esp. happy hour), close to lots of stuff and the terasse is perfect for people watching. mediterranean menu items were simple and refreshing. perfect for a hot and humid day.
3	Aupres tries too hard to be all things at once and doesn't really hit the spot on either front as a consequence. In Montreal, it is a serious catering offence.The same hard effort, on the redeeming side, is put in by the staff. Their cheerfulness is second to none, as is linguistic flexibility. It feels French in its presentation and attitude (positively). The snags, however, are just around the corner. The state and ethos of the "house" can be gauged by what the house puts its name on, such as house wine. At Aupres, the house wine is harsher than a mediocre convenience store-bought tipple. Cheap doesn't necessarily mean halfway to vinegar. Oh dear.Being in a French-themed restaurant, on a French street in a French city may warrant eating some French dish. I, having had enough trendiness for one day at the Fashion Festival, was instead craving the simplicity and gastronomical coarseness of a good burger. It is also, by common sense admission, a dish almost impossible to get wrong by anyone who can cook the fancier items on the menu.Dear, oh dear. Mystery will shroud the origin of the liquid under my burger bun (dressing from the salad? Burger patty juices? Who knows). Aside from the wet and oily bun bottom the burger was decent and may have earned a pass grade, were it not for its team-mate: the salad. Fresh-washed greens are all the hype, but these guys were maybe a little TOO fresh. The water dripped more copious than the dressing, making the accompaniment to my abused burger an insult to the catering industry.So what am I to make of Aupres de ma blonde? A bunch of Europhile friends, maybe students doing this for fun, ganging together to string up a pretence of quality while cutting corners, and lacking even the essential standard of care, or pride, in their delivery. The fact it's instead, from what I gather, a professionally run place makes it all the more tragic. It has three stars solely for the waitress' smile and joie de vivre: the only really French thing about the place.
4	Ma Blonde has a better than average house wine and despite being densely populated with French people, this was a really enjoyable place to have dinner :)  (j/k about the french, ...sorta).  With 5 mussel plate options to choose from, I was able to get my fix on, and that made me happy.
5	My best friend was in town and after a long day of walking around visiting Montreal, we were look for an affordable, healthy, and not too busy of a restaurant. As we walked down St.Denis we came upon Au Pres de Ma Blonde. The menu proposed seemed like it would be a home cooked meal our mother would make.We walked in and it was so nicely architectured and the music playing was soothing and at the perfect volume. The waitress  took our order and we were served rather quickly. We each ordered a couscous plate and it was SO DELICIOUS. The portion was big but perfect to cut in a half and enjoy the meal yet again the next day. After we had finished the waitress did not pressure us to leave or pay the bill immediately. We were able to sit down and talk for a while feeling completely at home. What was also really nice is she was not constantly soliciting us. She asked once if we were ok, and let us enjoy our time together.Absolutely loved this restaurant and recommend to families as well as groups of  friends, or in intimacy. I cannot wait to go back soon!!!
3	Was here after soccer for couple of drinks. Will have a complete review for next visit!
4	My BFF and I happened upon this spot on our way to "a glass of wine" after a long day of shopping. I was really impressed as the appetizer plate for two turned out to be a great find!  Our appie for two comprised of the best (by far) tzatziki I have ever had, cucumbers, tomatoes, great olives, feta cheese, charizo, dolmas, and this great salmon flavoured mashed potato dish.  I loved it all!  We saw that a couple got the calamari, fries, and salad that I was looking to try and it looked amazing - large plate and very reasonable!  We only come once a year for Grand Prix but I'm bring my husband next time (the guys were doing the Thursday track day stuff).   I agree with another reviewer, it is mostly Greek but that is not the outside impression you get but heh not a big deal.  Oh and our waitress was fantastic!
