5	I did some volunteer work with the Urban Ministry Center's Community Works 945 project earlier this year, and it was an amazing place. The 945 Project combines efforts from artists and activists within our community with the talents of local homeless for various projects to beautify our community and to help the local homeless move towards employment and self-sufficiency. I did a little tutoring for folks studying for the GED exam as well as helping people with resumes, and it was a fulfilling experience. The environment around the 945 building is amazing. There's all this art all over the place, and people kind of wander in and out to work on their projects and talk about what's going on in their lives. It was a really healing, healthy place to hang out, and I met a lot of interesting people.If you're public-service inclined and looking for a place to do some volunteer work, I'd recommend checking out the Urban Ministry Center. They are pretty creative about putting people's skills to work, so you might be surprised at how they can use your talents.
1	I just want to comment that I wrote to Urban Ministries from the volunteer page that said "Create your own volunteer opportunity" and offered to go to several Room at the Inn sites every Saturday night during the winter months and set up mobile barber shops and cut as many heads as needed for my volunteer job. I was sent a rude reply asking if I was trying to make a paid opportunity. I laughed at first because I have been in the beauty/barber business for 30 years and I own a salon here. Clearly I would not troll the homeless shelters for my money making opportunities. But then I just felt sick and sad that all those men who might have needed those cuts for possible jobs, boost in self esteem, or simply some much needed human touch and a few laughs will lose out because one rude woman misread my email offer and shot off a rude response. I'm running the mobile shop for 3 Room at the Inn locations that I contacted on my own but to this day, no one from there has even acknowledged my offer. I guess they don't need anything from the community after all.
1	All I saw was drugs dealing fights! This place is a big joke! They should shut this place down! Rooms for the inn they give you a place to sleep eat and shower and they talk about god what to know your story! Than go on to say money is bad but the people saying in jumping in to benz high dollar cars funny bullshit here it made me think of PTL telling you shut this place down!
