5	I placed an online order recently for sympathy flowers for a co-worker's loss (his girlfriend passed away on sunday night after being in the hospital for two weeks). I was doing research online, and one arrangement caught my eye, which happened to be from this florist. In a clear glass vase, stood white and yellow asiatic lilies- it was bright and uplifting, simply beautiful. Sometimes, I'm uncertain (I do most of the ordering of sympathy flowers for anyone in our organization), but I really liked this arrangement @ $49.95. Plus, the delivery fee was $12.95 as opposed to $15.95 at other places. The process online was very easy. I also got an order confirmation right away.  I had it set for thursday (today), but yesterday (wednesday), I learned that plans for my co-worker's trip to California was changing, so I called the florist in the morning and pushed up the delivery date (both ladies on the phone were very nice, too). They were able to do that, thankfully. I also got an email last night confirming delivery (love that). So, this morning, my co-worker told me that he got the flowers last night and said that they were beautiful (I was very pleased with that). Not only was I satisfied with the arrangement, price, delivery fee, user-friendly online checkout process, but with the service as well.  This florist is in my neighborhood (I think my husband went here, years ago for a corsage, once), and the displays in the windows are always so pretty. I just saw that this shop was voted "Best Florist in Las Vegas by readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal." I will use them again in the future for local orders, I'm sure.
1	I called this flower shop to send a nice basket or bouquet to our relative for his 50th birthday.  I told them the budget is $100 and if need to make it even nicer, they could add a bit.  My relative got the flowers but had no time to call us until a week or so after.  I asked them to send me a picture of that basket and they did.  After I saw what they got as their "flowers," me and my parents were really disappointed at what they have created for $119 (that's what I was charged on my card).  It was 6 roses, with sunflowers and some other red flowers that you would find in the meadow.  To make it short...it was a poor execution for the money I've paid.  I order flowers a lot of times and this was the first time that I was so dissatisfied at what my friends/relatives got for what I paid.  I could've gone through 1-800flowers.com and I know I would've gotten a better selection but I thought calling a flower shop is much better b/c when you talk to them on the phone, they'll do a better job and  take it more personally than an online order.  Usually, I don't write reviews nor do I even call to complain about something that I'm not happy about but this time I was way too furious and embarrassed.I called them.  Robyn picked up the phone and was nice and told me she'll call me back after a research.  So she calls and says that actually the poor basket that the Tiger Lily Flower Shop made cost $6 more than I paid for!!!!  Really??  I couldn't even see a basket there nor the flowers that should look decent enough for $119.  She told me it was an interpretation of a florist to show a "rustic/artistic" look...I didn't ask for that.  I asked for NICE beautiful basket.  not artistic nor rustic.  So she said the best she can do after talking to a manager is to give me $10.  I said, I don't need $10 back to me...I need an order to be fulfilled where I shouldn't feel embarrassed by the flowers I sent to the people.  I told her, that from this point I will review their shop accordingly, to which she got all nice about again and said "oh, what do you think we could do to not make you feel this way?" and I said, you can re-send the nicer flowers to that person to make up for this hole in a customer's satisfaction.  She said she'll talk to her supervisor about picking up (mind you, I told her it's already been 1-2 weeks and those flowers are most likely gone already/withered) and bring in a new bouquet.  I said I would appreciate it.  She never called...a whole week has passed and no call back, no email, nothing.  I wrote her yesterday and she still hasn't come back to me.  B/c of that, I have nothing left to do but to find justice in letting other people know how they operate.  And I'm doing this with a bad feeling b/c I never say anything bad about anyone's business.So, The Tiger Lily Flower Shop, thank you for not replying to me nor trying to solve my problem (your $10 never came to my account by the way either...and no thanks, I don't need you to do that).
5	My family on the east coast ordered up Mother's Day flowers for me and for my mother, here in Vegas.  I can't begin to put into words just how amazing these flowers are!  Gorgeous, brilliant, healthy, stunning... all the superlatives....  My daughter-in-law was very happy that Tiger Lily was the florist, stark contrast to last year when another florist (can't remember who) was used, and the flowers arrived half-dead, with melted chocolates from the 99-Cent Store.  The chocolates this year were Godiva.  I completely understand why Tiger Lily has been voted Best in Vegas.
5	We live in Florida, and my mother lives in Las Vegas.  Thank goodness for Tiger Lily Flowers.  I have ordered flowers from them in the past and have always been highly satisfied with their work.  The flowers they sent my mother for Mother's Day were BEAUTIFUL!  My mom couldn't stop raving about the lilacs, how beautiful they looked, and how lovely they smelled.  Since we are originally from the Midwest, the lilacs were a sweet and fragrant reminder of the past for her.  And since we live so far apart, Tiger Lily sent me a delivery confirmation which helped put my mind at ease that my mother had a happy Mother's Day.Once again, Tiger Lily made Mother's Day special for my mom. I look forward to doing business with you again in the future.
5	I've ordered from Tiger Lily twice. They are quick, attentive, and a bit pricey. I talked/called Natalie about four times trying to make sure that the card I sent to my partner sounded just right. When I've done wrong, I want to make sure that my words are chosen carefully, and Natalie did not hesitate one bit to change the wording on the card that was sent to him. The selection they have is amazing and the flowers always look amazing upon delivery.Thank you, Natalie. :)
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE! The two women I spoke to at this shop were very rude. One accused me of lying about a price quote. I was told 19.95 for a dozen of long stem red roses. When I went to the eastern store to get my roses the total was double what I was quoted over the phone at the Sahara location. The lady that helped me at the eastern location was very nice.. She called the Sahara location to see who told me that quote. Originally I didn't get the name of the person who quoted me.. Which pissed off the lady at the Sahara location and caused her to accuse me of lying, and she scolded me on when I call places to get quotes I need to make sure I get people's name when I get quotes. Then she accused me of lying. I told her "mam I'm getting married in two days.. I don't need a lecture from u.. If this is not your price I will go somewhere else." She then said that's our price. I said ok. And I left.. It didn't end there. I received a call from the Sahara location and missed it. I called right back. A women answered and I said I thing someone called me from ur store I have a missed call. Before she asked for my name she said "um I don't know no one called anyone from here" I said "ok.. We'll can u see of someone called Tiffany, I just got the missed call" she shouts "Did anyone call a Tiffany?" She gets back to the phone "NOPE! No one called you!" Then I said " Wow you guys really need to work on ur communication over there!" She said " excuse me?" I said "ya.. U guys misquote people, accuse people of lying, call people.. Then have no idea who u called." Then she said "OK, anything else u need?" I said "NOPE" Then hung up the phone. NOT HAPPY. Will never use this shop, and I will NEVER recommend them. Terrible RUDE service.
5	I'm posting my review as someone who has received flowers from Tiger Lily:Alright.. not to brag.. but I've received my fair share of flowers :D  BUT..I have to say... today I had a Birthday arrangement delivered to my office and I was literally left speechless!   I was amazed at the beauty of the whole arrangement!  The arrangement is so fresh it made my office smell sooooooo good!  I want to freeze them so that they never die!  I didn't even know there was such a thing as square and triangle balloons!!  Such Creativity!  AMAZING! LOVE IT! GREAT WORK!!
1	Absolutely terrible and completely unprofessional. Order was not delivered and I was not contacted or notified that the order would not be fulfilled. When I contacted them their response was "regret not delivered, will issue a refund". No apology, no signature, no timeline on when I should expect to receive a refund.
5	My fiance and I decided to get married somewhat last minute. I went into Tiger Lily to ask about ordering a bouquet and they were WONDERFUL. Super nice and enthusiastic. I felt like I was talking about it with girlfriends. I showed pictures of what I liked, explained my budget and they were able to put together a bouquet that exceeded my expectations. I think they even snuck in some extra flowers! The whole experience was wonderful. I would HIGHLY recommend them for any of your floral needs.
5	The staff is extremely professional and extremely friendly and helpful. I had my flowers re-delivered multiple times because the recipient was not present and they were great with their communication and customer service. Most importantly, the flowers turned out fantastic and everyone loved them.I highly recommend Tiger Lily!
5	I get arrangements for my wife put together here pretty frequently. Great service, and talented florists.
5	I've been using Tiger Lily florist for a few years now, and here's why.In 2012, we used a different florist for our wedding. They were okay, but not great. They made obvious mistakes (my boutonniere was completely dead) and then didn't fix them until I pointed them out, as if they were hoping I wouldn't notice. Later that year, we ordered a corsage and boutonniere for my brother-in-law's senior prom from the same flower shop that did our wedding. When I went to pick them up, the flowers were kind of a mess -- broken petals, obvious wilting, et cetera. Yuck. In a panic, I called Tiger Lily and explained the situation. I told them I had maybe three hours before they had to go, and I needed new flowers, and could they help? Sure, they told me. No problem.Two hours later, I was leaving Tiger Lily on East Sahara with big, beautiful floral pieces. On short notice. For less money than the other shop.Since then, I've ordered flowers from Tiger Lily probably five or six times. Each time, the flowers have been gorgeous, super fresh, lush, and fragrant. The staff have always been friendly and accommodating, and they've been more than willing to bend over backwards to help me -- even when I'm the one who made the mistake.Here's an example of what I mean. I ordered a New Baby arrangement for some friends of ours last Friday, hoping to pick up the flowers myself and bring them during a visit. Well, that didn't happen, and I couldn't pick up the flowers, so I asked to convert the order to a delivery. I'd missed the delivery cut-off for the day, and Tiger Lily is closed on Sunday, so this morning they re-made the entire arrangement (for no additional charge) and delivered it to our friends' home. I haven't heard back from our friends yet, but I don't think I'll be disappointed. I never have been before.Edit: since I started writing this review, I used Tiger Lily to send my wife some flowers at work for her birthday. TLF hit it out of the park yet again. I am 100% satisfied.
5	Michele was great and fit me in for same day service, even on a busy Secretaries Day!   Thank you very much, it was difficult to arrange something last minute for a special aunt from a distance.  The Tiger Lily Shop did great and I will use them again!
5	So. Short story. 3 weeks priors to Mother's Day, I order my Mom flowers through FTD. At 2am on Mother's Day I receive an email that my order cannot be fulfilled. 2AM!!! Suffice to say, I was scrambling and FTD was no help as I couldn't get through to their customer service.After looking for a while on Mother's Day morning, I found Tiger Lily and called them. The lady on the phone listened to my predicament and was extremely patient with my slightly spastic attitude. Not only did she tell me it would be taken care of, she efficiently explained the ordering process, the types of flowers that would be included in the bouquet and general delivery arrival. At 1:30pm that afternoon, I received a confirmation email that the flowers had been delivered. Shortly thereafter, I spoke with my Mother and she was absolutely delighted with the bouquet. Although, calling it a bouquet might be an understatement. As I told the person at Tiger Lily, "just make it big and pretty, oh and some yellow flowers too!", they absolutely did not disappoint. The arrangement came in a large beautiful vase (almost like a garden urn) with hydrangeas, lavender, lavender colored roses and other really pretty flowers that I don't know their proper names. Thank you Tiger Lily for being my knight in shining armor and saving the day!
5	Excellent service! Fast and best quality! The driver that deliver the flower was very helpful and very nice! He was talking to me on the phone while making the delivery! My flower was delivered to my fiance exactly the time i asked for! Recommended!!
1	Came here to get my wife some flowers for her birthday. Got a dozen purple roses, no vase, just a bouquet. It was $87 dollars they looked great, but they all died within 36 hours. One month later, for valentine's, went to the supermarket, paid $30, got 2 dozen roses and they stayed alive for at least 2 weeks. I would never consider going back.I would have given them an extra star if they served coke products, but they don't, cause they're a flower shop.
1	What a horrible business with atrocious customer service! I learned of Tiger Lilly at the Las Vegas Bridal Spectacular in August of 2014. The representatives seemed very pleasant and accommodating. Don't they all at the beginning? We scheduled a time for a phone consultation the Wednesday after the show. They never called. A month goes by, and I finally e-mail them to find out what happened. Marina Bradstreet responds, apologizes, and indicates she will give me a quote for my wedding. I provide her *exactly* what I'm looking for - down to the specific design and number of bouquets, boutonnieres, corsages, etc. Two week go by, and I don't hear from her. I e-mail her again asking when to expect the quote as I have other vendors who are waiting on me to make a decision. She replies that it is "impossible" to give me the quote because they are in the process of moving offices and she's "too busy" with the current wedding season. Impossible? Really? The other florists I contacted had me a quote the same day. You mean to tell me this business doesn't have time to take 5 minutes out of their day to generate a quote? Unbelievable. Needless to say, they lost out on my wedding, and I would recommend others stay faraway. You can find quality florists elsewhere in Las Vegas without the abhorrent customer service. Don't waste your time with Tiger Lilly.P.S I'm willing to forward the e-mails I got from Marina to whoever wants them so you can see how horrid the customer service really is. Just shoot me a message and I'll be glad to send them your way.
1	On 12/2/2014, I ordered flowers for my mother's birthday.  When I placed the order, I specifically stated that the flowers were to be delivered on her birthday, the 9th of December.  [When you place the order, you are shown a calendar and can select the date of delivery, which I did]You can imagine her surprise when the flowers were delivered on the 2nd , the day after I placed my order, rather than on the 9th.Since then, I have tried calling Tiger Lily - with no response.  I have tried leaving messages on their answering machine - with no return phone call.  I have tried sending them emails - also with no response.I would never order from them again.
