5	If you are looking for me on a weekend and can't find me....I am HERE!!I will tell you that Home Depot has educated me on so many 'home' projects - there is such a wealth of service staff there that always ask you if ' you need any help' and its probably because I look LOST.I have spent a lot of time in the paint dept - ask for DAVID - and tell him 'the ASIAN woman - Jeanie' referred you!!(he looks like Ben Stiller!!! you will know when you see him behind the counter!!) He has helped me custom blend many mixes to get the right color. Bless him!!I like it better than Lowe's - I could never find anything in there - from the way things are organized. And it seems they are always short-staffed....if Home Depot only sold groceries....that would be glorious =0)
4	Home Depot is the go to place for the Do it yourself home repairer. Let's see, I bought air filters, a Fluidmaster to quiet a noisy toilet, light bulbs to put in my son's ceiling fan, and a cleaning solution for the granite counter tops.I didn't like that a regular register wasn't open and only the self service ones were opened at 8pm. It's a hassle when you buy large items like an air filter. The system doesn't like it and stops the process until the store employee waves their magic wand. It slows my check out time down as I have to wait for the cashier to return from another part of the store.
4	Very convenient location for me.  It's minutes away from my house, so I stop here for all of my home improvement needs.The parking lot is rarely packed (weekends) and the employees are very helpful here.  The key machine is at the front of the store near the self-checkout registers, which makes for an easy exit once done.Another bonus is that K O'Donnell's is down the street, which is one of my favorite bars to hang out...let's say I often do a Home Depot/KO's trip, ha!Return Factor - 90%
2	I've gone to several Home Depots both in Michigan and in Arizona and overall they usually have what you need but my complaint is that after having keys made several (more than 5) times over the years I have come to believe that no key made at Home Depot will ever work.  This last time I went to Home Depot twice (once to get the key copied and a second time to try to return them and get them remade) and both times my keys didn't work.  How hard can it be?  I went to Wal-Mart after that and in 45 seconds I had 3 keys that worked perfectly.
5	Home Depot used to be my hell. Whenever I accompanied my husband to Home Depot, I'd immediately start complaining about the concrete floor hurting my feet. I was whiny and ungrateful until Pinterest came along. Now that I feel creative from stealing ideas on the internet, I'll show my husband a picture and say "can you do this? will home depot make this possible?", and so far the answer is always yes! Home Depot always has what we are looking for and the workers always know what they are talking about. My husband once worked at a Home Depot and admits that most of the people he worked with didn't know anything. He approves of all the workers here and looks for the older guys for advice (lol). Also, we bought our Christmas tree here for $20 and it was big and beautiful! We saw the same size trees down the street for 3x the price! Love this place.
3	We're in this Home Depot at least once a week!Actually, it seemed as if we were in here two or three times a week for Christmas items and to compare prices of stoves (and microwaves).  Ours died just after Thanksgiving.   Other stops along our magical mystery journey were, Lowe's near In 'n Out, Sears Appliance on Northsight and Best Buy. Propane refills, Christmas trees, pool chemicals, water filters for the refrigerator, plants for the yard and a 240 watt three prong electrical plug and plate, are just some our recent purchases. Oh, and along the way we continued to browse for stoves and ovens. It seems to never end. Er, enjoy!
3	I had to make a few extra keys for work and this was the closet place. It was a little difficult trying to get into the parking lot, but there was plenty of parking. The greeter was friendly and directed me to where I needed to go to get some keys made. At the kiosk, an employee (elderly man) was closing up a box and ignoring me, so I politely waited to catch his attention as another employee (elderly woman) watched me from the self-checkout lanes. A few minutes had passed and another customer stood in line behind me waiting for keys to be made. Finally, another employee (another elderly gentleman) appeared and was able to help me. The first employee seemed to be upset another employee came to help me, but I really was in a hurry and grateful for any help I could get. As I waited for my keys to be made, I looked around the store and I realized all the employees were 70+. There is nothing wrong with that, as anyone can be helpful and give good customer service. However, as I said earlier, I was in a hurry and it took over 20 minutes to get a few keys made on a Thursday at 11:30am. I probably won't be back, but it's good to know where a Home Depot is close to work.
4	Friendly staff and never have waited in a line!
4	Very nice home depot, even for Chandler. This is loads better than the only one I have available on Thomas and 40th Street, so I make do with what I got.  I came in for gardening supplies and found all sorts of shovels and picks for 88 cents, which was  a screaming deal. Got a hose for $5.00, and some weed killler, and called it a day. Quick service, got offered help out even though they were busy, and I would definitely come back.
5	Great layout with friendly & helpful employees...!!!!!
4	Time for a review update.  Since we moved here a few years ago, this Home Depot location has been our 'go to' store.  The employees here are very helpful and willing to take the time to help us find what we need.From making keys to buying air filters on a regular basis, we are able to take care of our home improvement needs here.  They've consistently delivered good service and should be recognized for it.  We'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 90%
5	What can you say it is Home Depot. Just awesome for any home improvement projects. You cannot beat the price availability and selection at the store.
2	It always seems like they are understaffed at the registers. Today was the topper, when they had a person that said "I am totally new here" handling the self check out lanes and all the other lanes (except contractor lane) were closed. It was a mess, but typical of what I have come to expect from this location. I usually go to the Shea and 101 store even though this one is closer to my house. I have had other issues here and probably average a 75% disappointment when it comes to service issues. Funny though, each time I start to forget my last experience I get reminded of why I dislike it so much by yet another bad experience.
5	Johnaton Morano helped me fix my wheelchair arm that was needing nuts and bolts he installed them for me right there,this is the type of employee im glad H.D. is hiring good job! and thanx again Johnathon.
1	Aweful customer service, I had to bug Joan just to take my check at self checkout. Not attentive at all.
2	Came in tonight and approached a male rep and said "It's very cold in my room...," and before I could finish my sentence, he laughed and replied "And what would you like me to do about that?"  I haha-ed along and asked if there was something at HD that I could insulate the windows and doors with, to keep the coldness out, and I mentioned that a friend had told me about window treatments (plastic sheets)** that she and her husband had bought and used about fifteen years ago where they used a blow dryer to apply them.  He said that there's really nothing to do except to install double-pane glass, and perhaps to use thermal strips to weatherproof doors and added that the treatments my friend told me about sounded "like an old wives' tale..."  I thanked him for his help and moved on.  I looked around the windows and doors dept. to see if I could spot those thermal sheets, but didn't find any. **My friend texted a screenshot of a flyer advertising said thermal insulation sheets from Ace Hardware.  Will try to look for them tomorrow.
