1	Ok, so I have to share my morning experience. But first I must start off by saying this: I'm no moron. Honest. So, this morning I stopped for gas. My tank was getting dangerously low and there was no way I'd make it to work. That's okay, for I allotted time this morning for re-filling my tank. From my casa, I turned East on Indian School, vaguely remembering there's a Quick Trip nearby. Perfect. I had stopped there before. But it wasn't a Quick Trip I saw at the corner of Central and Indian School. Not wanting to risk running out of gas, I opted to stop here, at this ampm station. I pulled up to the closest gas tank, got out of my car, took off my gas cap and reached for the gas nozzle. Only then I discovered there was no pay-at-the-pump option. The short notice on the pump said to select my grade and start filling. "Wow," I thought, "It's so odd for a station to trust people - especially in this area - to not drive off without paying." So, I followed the instructions, but nothing happened. I kept hitting the grade button. It kept beeping back at me. Still nothing. To top it off (no pun intended), the nozzle was wrapped in this huge rubber tube thing that compressed when I applied pressure to the handle. I had never seen anything like it. Thinking my particular pump was fuct up, I pulled my car up to the next one. That's when I saw it - this strange machine, like an Amtrack ticket dispenser. I approached with curiously. That's when I realized. You swipe your card at this central machine (or deposit cash, if that's your preference) and then go back to your pump. Ah-ha. This is how this station works. So, I did just that. I punched in my gas pump number (4) and went back to my car to re-fill the tank. Already annoyed at this point, I figured I'd pump enough gas to get me through the next couple of days. Only, it wasn't pumping. The long rubber thingy was hindering my ability to hook the nozzle up to my gas tank. UGH. So, that's when I flexed my muscles and applied enough pressure to squeeze out $12 worth of gas. Then I re-hooked the nozzle on its perch and walked back to the strange machine for my receipt - it told me to do so when I swiped my card. Only, no receipt came out. I punched the keypad with defiance and walked off. Stupid ampm station. Since when does any gas station benefit from being different? I'm so used to pay-at-the-pump; you just swipe your card, select your grade, pump your gas, grab your receipt and go. Quick Trip doesn't torment me like this. There is no rubber nozzle thingy in my way. Grr. Screw this. I'm never going back there again. (Disclaimer: Said writer of review graduated high school with a 3.98 G.P.A  and attended a well accredited college of her choice, where you went on to graduate with honors, having made the Dean's and President's Honor roll more than once. Said writer of review also has street smarts and is able to saddle and ride a horse, do unimaginable cool things with a twisty tie and throw some mean Muay Thai elbows.)
1	AM PM...you thought stood for, I don't know, maybe morning and night. No.AM PM...stands for...Aimless Psychotic Maniacal Men.Yes I said it. I'm a city snob. I left the white, pristine silicone sands of North Scottsdale for the oh so diverse and gritty crowd of our up and coming downtown Phoenix. I did.Shoot me.This mini market location is in the Hall O Freakin' Fame of jacked up mini marts across the country. We've all been there. Have you been to this one? Holy crap.Aside from the $.45 ATM charge for buying their goods (which sucks ass) is this..."Hey, Mister, I lost my bus pass and need money to get to my violin lesson.""Don't park so close to my Monte Carlo fag."And my favorite"Me and her are lost. We're s'posed to be at, um, Injun School and Center Avenue to meet my dude..." I'll spare you the rest. Inside, the goods are limited, the chocolate bars melted and yes, I'm gonna say it, the folks running those registers can be, shall I say, AROMATIC.Good Night.
1	You know, I am with you Thomas.Everyone's looking for any relief possible from the ridiculous gas prices, you pull past the Arco and shriek "MY GOD!!! LOOK AT THOSE LOW RATES"  (as anyone from Chicago can hopefully appreciate :)So you pull in and whip out the debit card and oh-WTF??!?  You're gonna CHARGE me extra for using my debit card??  Well, haha, I got one over on you, hello Mileage Plus Visa...WTF YOU ONLY TAKE DEBIT!)(*#UR(NFP)G&_(@&$GFBIPU.  This is a very deceptive business practice, IMHO  Plus, they only authorize for fifty bucks and my frickin' ALTIMA was $75 last time to fill up so plan on visiting your local AM/PM for quite some time on your next fill up.  I only hope your surroundings are better than this sh!thole...Despite the low prices I'm afraid I will no longer patronize ANY Arco stations.
