4	I finally made a note to add my favorite TJMaxx store to Yelp.  Every time I am in the store (frequently), I cannot find the correct naming convention in order to check in.  After searching Yelp, I realize it has never been added.  That is unbelievable!  Come on people, I am not the only one that shops at TJ Maxx.  In any case, this is my go-to location.  I enjoy shopping on a day off when the kids are in school; that would mean pre-weekend shopping.  Some days, I can't help myself.  Other times, when I want something specific, I don't find much.  You can't go wrong at TJ Maxx, whether looking for housewares and household items, kids, women's, or men's clothing, you can find it here.
5	Okay okay when I first went into a TJ Maxx I was not sold. I didn't like the fact that I had to search for things and they weren't laid out for me neat and orderly...I consider that one of my "what was I thinking" eras. Now I know that TJ Maxx is filled with all kinds of hidden gems. The best day to shop and get a leg up is in the middle of the week (new shipment put out). I find if u go in on Saturday then you can find a lot of stuff marked down. I love this store, I can find something for everyone if I'm shopping for gifts (urban wear to pretty boy swag); completely decorate my house and get a new outfit (with shoes and accessories) for hitting the town. I recommend finding what each TJ Maxx in different locations specialize in carrying (the one in Concord Mills Mall has great household goods) so u know where to go when u need a certain something :)
4	Well...don't be fooled when you walk in, they may not have a very appealing first impression but there are tons of deals to be found in here!The more you walk around and search the more you find!  I was able to redecorate my bathrooms and find some awesome plates and photo albums! They have everything here, great shopping if you are willing to take the time! Also, just a quick note check out the clearance...great finds for a ridiculously low price!
4	Came here to find a few clothes for my son. I found everything I needed for now. The prices were really good on some clothes, and just ok on the other clothes I bought. I didn't like the fact that the 2 room dressing room for the men is on the other side of the store from the boys and men's department. Store was not too disorganized. Nice staff.
2	Don't get me wrong, I love TJ Maxx, HomeGoods, and Marshall's just like anyone else who loves designer and name brand finds at a bargain but the product selection at this location didn't really impress me very much. I saw a lot of "juniors" clothing by names I didn't recognize, crowded racks that took up the majority of the floor instead of simply being used to supplement some organized fixtures, and I had a hard time finding what I went in hoping to find. I will definitely be checking out other stores next time.
