4	I went here at their Central location a few years ago and loved it. The whole experience was like hanging out with some friends while getting pampered. I totally recommend it!
5	I bought a Groupon for a cut, color, and complimentary glass of wine (even though I don't drink wine haha). The salon is in a good, easy to find location. Julie sends out confirmation emails two days prior to the appointment and I received another one this morning before my appt with a picture of the building attached. Very helpful! Inside, the salon is very cute and well decorated. It was clean and pleasing. Julie is friendly and personable. I told her what I was going for color-wise and she nailed it. Everything was quick, easy, and I walked out very happy with the service. I will be back to see Julie again!
4	I am leaving four stars for the salon, based on stylist Lyndsie and owner Julie.  However, I give Lynette zero stars and strongly urge anyone to reconsider letting her do your hair.  She destroyed mine as detailed below (see original post and update).  I don't think it is fair to leave a bad review for the whole salon based on one bad stylist.  But be warned, Lynette is REALLY BAD,  Lyndsie is GREAT!!  ORIGINAL:  I only leave reviews when things are really bad or really good. Unfortunately this review falls in the REALLY bad column. I should have listened to the prior Yelper who said DO NOT LET LYNETTE TOUCH YOUR HAIR (in Phoenix Studios earlier location Yelp page). Unfortunately, I had already bought the Groupon and listened to my husband who said that's just one reviewer. Well, that one reviewer was right. Absolutely horrendous haircut and bad color. My daughter laughed and my mother in law offered to fix it with kitchen scissors when I got home. It is truly that bad.I have contacted the owner in hopes that they can fix it, but since it is already four inches shorter than I'd asked it to be I don't know what can be done.  I will update on resolution.UPDATE:  I am changing my review to four starts based on how the disaster of a haircut Lynette gave me was handled.  LYNDSIE is GREAT!!  I truly had a horrific mess and she managed to mostly fix it - and the mostly is only because some pieces were too short and I was not willing to go that short with the rest.  But she was able to work around those short pieces so they aren't too obvious.  Lyndsie is a skilled stylist and I would (and likely will) go to her again.  Julie, the owner, also was really nice and totally willing to help me fix the mess (for free of course!).  She also consulted with Lyndsie on repairing my cut and it was clear she really knows her stuff.
5	I don't understand the other customers complaint!! Lynette has done my hair numerous times and has done a beautiful job! she is a great listener to what I want, knowledgeable in cosmetology and truly cares about her clients. I would recommend her to anyone! She also did my hair for my wedding...and we all know how important that day is!!!
5	I had a great experience with The Phoenix Studio and Lynette. I did my first big color change (red-which I love). She was very knowledgeable, easy to talk to (which I find important when you are sitting in a chair for a few hours), and truly loves her job. I would recommend her to anyone.
1	So sorry, but had a TERRIBLE experience!  I thought I was possible being taped for a reality show as the "before" service!  I went on a Groupon that I had purchased as I was looking for a new salon.  I had an appointment with Tammy (who is no longer there) who claimed to have 20+ years experience.  She was very abrupt, rough with my hair and really seemed like she could care less about doing a good job.  I got a full color and when she was applying the color, ended up putting dye all over my ears, neck and face!  I asked her if we could wipe it off and she said not to worry, it will come off when I wash your hair.  I told her I was concerned about it staining, but she said it wouldn't.  She sensed I was still uneasy and gave me 1 cotton square with some hand sanitizer.  Really??  I used that to wipe down but that didn't cover hardly any of it.  The owner gave me one more square, but that didn't help much.  After my hair was washed I told Tammy that I wanted to keep my hair long with layers.  She just literally took the scissors and cut across...REALLY?? No layers, nothing.  I then asked if she would blow out my hair (to dry and style).  She said she didn't own a flat iron!  Have you ever heard of a stylist that didn't have a flat iron??  Seriously?!?!  I left the salon with dye marks on my face, forehead, ears and neck and with a horrible cut! The owner contacted me a few weeks after I went to offer me a "redo."  She knew Tammy did horrible work and was contacting all her clients with that offer.  After much consideration I decided to take her up on that offer.  I made the appointment though their online system.  I received a confirmation for my appointment, which was a month later.  When I showed up, they had no record if it in their system and the owner asked if I would come back the next day.  I took this as a sign to stay away and got a refund through the owner and Groupon.  I really hesitate to write bad reviews (this is my first one in fact) but I feel like this had to be done.  I wouldn't want anyone else to have the same experience I did.  I feel like if the owner knew this stylist was a trainwreck (which she admitted to knowing when I showed up for my redo that never happened) she should have pulled her off the floor immediately.   Good luck to you if you decide to go!
2	I've been here twice but have only had one cut. The first time, I was just leaving the house to go to my appt and the girl (can't remember her name) called to say that she was in Tempe and couldn't make it because I was her only appt in Phoenix. When I told her I was a tad annoyed, she then said, 'I have a family emergency'. When I told her that I didn't know which story to believe, she put me on hold and called the studio and asked if Julie, the owner, would cut my hair. So thankfully I got in to see Julie who did a good job. Unfortunately, today, six weeks later, I went for my second appointment with Julie. I was told Julie would be 'just a minute'. After 20 minutes of waiting, I asked to see Julie who finally came out to see me and she said she was running late. I told her I couldn't really wait much longer, and I left. I won't be going back. I"m glad other people have had a good experience here but, in my two experiences with the studio, they didn't respect my time enough to warrant me going back again.
5	What a wonderful salon!  Julie, my hair stylist, listened to my needs and did exactly what I wanted!  I felt beautiful.  The salon is adorable.  The staff makes every effort to make you feel at ease. I highly recommend The Phoenix Studio.  I am very sure you will be pleasantly surprised!  Sharon F
