4	This place just opened up and was pretty nice to go into.  It's located right beside a lot of shopping places too, not bad!When I first walked in, I must say I really liked how colorful everything was.  You can feel the warm and fuzzies right when you walk in.  I thought there were a good amount of tables and seats in case they get busy on a hot summer's day.  Careful of the modern ball looking seats.  They may look cool, but your biscuit isn't going to feel all that great.Now the selection for the froyo didn't make me as happy as I thought I would be.  I like to always go for the standard Original flavor, but I didn't see it there.  Maybe I was just too excited like a little kid on their birthday and didn't pay attention to details or read all the flavors.  I have to remind myself to slow down next time I go in.  The only thing I have to say that made me be iffy about this place is that they didn't have any mochi balls.  I repeat, NO MOCHI BALLS!!!  It's been standard to have this froyo places, well, that's what I thought anyways.All in all, try this place out!
4	Great froyo - like the chocolate a lot - very creamy and not all chalky like it is some places. The fruit and tart flavors are delicious with a perfect level of tartness (for my taste anyway). I am not a fan of the super-tart chalky taste of some self-serve froyo joints like Yoforia - so if that is more your taste then you're likely to not agree with me on this one.One interesting and very tasty flavor to me that I haven't seen elsewhere was the salty caramel pretzel - tastes even better than you might expect :)Great staff here and very clean location - weekend hours are good but I would recommend staying open a bit later during some of the summer.One negative to mention - they keep the sample cups behind the counter - and only give you two. You can ask for more, but considering the number of flavors I would say they should give you four sample cups to start with... Or just put them out! Does excessive sampling really hurt your profit that much? The kind of people who are going to abuse it aren't going to be at this location in great numbers...
4	After a long stroll of errands through Trader Joe's, Target, Staples and Marshall, in combination with Charlotte's crazy, indecisive weather, I needed some froyo! Cherry Berry is positioned within the vicinity of the Metropolitan, beside West Elm and across from Zoe's Kitchen. Guess they knew that frantic shoppers, like myself, would want delicious frozen treats upon completion of errands or after eating lunch/dinner. Tsk tsk... business owners and their marketing tactics! Okayy.. SLIGHT sarcasm there. I admit I definitely like the convenience.LOVE the interior design! The adornment of round chairs and colorful embellishments would light up any sulky soul. I felt just a bit cheerier walking in. Plus, it's so shiny!! It's much larger than my presumed judgement from the exterior. There's indoor AND outdoor seating so you can people-watch the frantic shoppers mentioned above, especially when the weather is nice.There is a pretty decent variety of flavors and toppings. It's also nice that the yogurt is made from real dairy and not powder. Like Grace, the other reviewer, I also love mochi balls in my yogurt. CHERRY BERRY: PLEASE GET MOCHI BALLS!! They do have boba beads though. I suppose those will suffice (not really.. GET MOCHI BALLS!!).My only complaint (aside from MOCHI BALLS that is..) is that the flavors are primarily alternatives for sweets and pastries like cheesecake, salted-caramel pretzel, white chocolate mousse, etc. I suppose cheesecake yogurt is a better.. well healthier.. alternative than an actual cheesecake. The thing is I like fruity flavors such as pomegranate, mango, coconut, etc. It's probably because I like subtle sweets. They do have blueberry tart flavored yogurt that is pretty good, but that's about it. Again, fruits over sweets is just my personal yogurt preference.  I definitely recommend trying the salted-caramel pretzel flavor though.. pretty tasty!
4	I have only been once, but it has taken every ounce of willpower not to go here every night of my life.  I like it so much, I think, because I love the sweet dessert-like flavors.  If I am going to have a treat, I don't want it to be tart or reminiscent of eating something healthy.  No thanks!Salted caramel fro yo with pretzel pieces and chocolate drizzle?  I just died and went to heaven.
4	I'll admit that when I first saw that CherryBerry was opening, I thought to myself that all these fro-yo places are getting out of control.  However, I still decided to go and I'm glad I did.  I'm a big fan of Yoforia and Menchies, but not really any of the other places. But now, CherryBerry has been added to my list of regular fro-yo places.  Although I still like Yoforia the best, CherryBerry has some different flavors than I haven't seen anywhere else...and they're good.
5	One of the city's best yogurt bars - huge selection of flavors and toppings. Aside from the tough parking, can't think of anything on the 'negatives' list.
4	There are a ton of yogurt bars popping up all over the place.  While I have been to quite a few, and I usually find something to enjoy about them all, I have to say that CherryBerry is my favorite so far.The inside of this place is decorated with cherry/berry colors.  Even some of their chairs look like round, red fruit (with a little bite taken out, so someone can sit down).  The fruit theme is spread throughout the entire place, which is kind of adorable.  Staff there have been really friendly both times we've gone.They have about 12 flavors of yogurt to choose from.  At a lot of places, I know I haven't been able to distinguish one flavor from another.  But not here - the flavors I have tried were very distinguishable and tasted much like what it said.  My favorite flavor here is definitely the sea salt caramel pretzel.  Holy cow, it tastes like it's made of pureed pretzels with a hint of caramel thrown in it.  Delicious!  Most of the flavors they offer are the typical staple of these places, with different fruit flavors, chocolate, cheesecake, and birthday cake.Additionally, CherryBerry has so many add-ins to choose from.  They have a wall of cereal, chocolate and other flavored chips, and candy to add in before you even get to the add in bar.  They have several different types of fruit, candy bars, nuts, and a whole load of other toppings you can add in.  You can choose to add hot fudge, butterscotch, peanut butter, or choose from about 6 or 7 other bottles of topping to add.  You can even add whipped cream and top it with a cherry!  As far as cost, it is pretty standard at $.49 each ounce.The only caution I have here is that parking gets pretty difficult at the Metro.  If you can find a spot outside the garage or on the street, both are fairly close to it.  However, sometimes that can be pretty difficult to do.I can see myself coming to CherryBerry pretty often.  Maybe a little TOO often.
3	More like 3.5 stars, because the yogurt is crazy good.But, Aubrey, why 3.5 stars? Well, fellow Yelper, let me tell you: one big ol' star comes off because the variety of fresh fruit toppings is small and not terribly fresh looking. Now, I admit, when I go to a yogurt place, I don't always get fresh fruit to top it off. But I do about half the time and I like some frickin variety. Menchie's does this beautifully. If you are just going for sugary toppings like Twix or other candy-like items, then you won't be disappointed with CherryBerry.Another half star for $0.49 per ounce. That's just fucking ridiculous. At the end of the day you can pay less at Menchie's. Hell, even fuckin Yogurtland in L.A. only charges 30 - 39 cents per ounce. In L.A.!! Land of expensive everything! Why should I pay *more* for frozen yogurt in Charlotte?!Also, maybe another fraction of a star because the place looks more like a day care center than a yogurt bar. Gross.The yogurt itself is great. Like, really, really great. I was especially a fan of the cake batter and pina colada. Sure, I'll come back once in awhile, but if I can go to Menchie's in Dilworth and save money instead, that's where I'll be.
3	Not seeing the hype peeps, not seeing it at all.They did have excellent frozen yogurt options in theory...like no other place I have seen...cinnamon bun, pumpkin, white chocolate covered pretzel, etc.  They all sounded awesome but didn't necessarily live up to my expectations.I was so excited to see the pistachio flavor but it was a HUGE let down.  I should have noted the "no sugar added" sign but I guess I didn't think much of it.  It had that artificial/fake sugar, pukity after- taste and you would never have known the flavor was pistachio.  I was distraut.  The topping options were plenty but not so much on the fresh fruit and again nothing special.  I just wasn't overly impressed with this place.  If I am in the area then I would go back but it doesn't give me any reason to hunt them down again.
4	Ooey Gooey Cinnamon Bun - that flavor alone is worth 4 stars.  Trust me.  The price is a little higher than Menchie's, but I found the flavors to be a lot richer and, well, flavorful!  This is my new favorite froyo place.  Why? Ooey Gooey Cinnamon Bun!
3	Cute place. This is another yogurt shop in Charlotte, conveniently located in the Metropolitan development. We made an impromptu stop there one afternoon last week. I'll do a pro/con list for you.Pros:- Clean- Fun decor- Great selection of toppings- The topping dispensers are great! For many of the toppings, you turn knobs on gravity-fed bins to dispense the amount you want. It's a lot less messy than spoons. Any crumbs drop into a hidden hopper below.- Very friendly serviceCons:- Yogurt didn't taste great to me. This is essential, of course, for a yogurt shop. It was pretty much flavorless. I had the tangy original and mango sorbet. Neither did it for me.- The chocolate sprinkles had no chocolate flavor to them. They tasted like waxy sugar. (Yes. Chocolate sprinkles are important to me.)I guess, if I had my way, I'd make this a 3.5 score. I'm willing to try the place again. I've noticed that yogurt taste ebbs and flows at other places.
4	We checked out Cherry Berry late-night yesterday and were immediately greeted by the kindest most helpful gentleman who either owns the place or seriously deserves a raise! He explained the process, gave us samples, walked us through how they do things (homemade daily waffle cups, no powders used in their yogurt etc.).   We sampled to our hearts content and filled up our cup with our favorites (half cherry amaretto and half caramel pretzel for me) ...both were AWESOME. I usually go for plain old vanilla with fruit...but no more! They had super fresh toppings and even some unusual ones. I was even able to sample the toppings...which was an added bonus.The place itself is very clean- no dripping machines or messy topping-bar.I would gladly come back often but the price is really steep (as yogurt bars can be). It's pay by the pound and perhaps my fiance and I overindulged as we racked up $14 worth of yogurt. I will say it was gone in no-time, and we will happily return on special occasions as the taste, service, and atmosphere was an easy 5 stars.---Update---I think they do read these because I noticed they had lots of fruit options and they do have mochi balls as well.
4	In terms of ratings, this seems like a low risk type of place, especially because you know what you are going to get, because you are seeking frozen yogurt/sugar :) The frozen yogurt options and toppings are delicious.  I always end up getting way more than planned, and can never commit to just a few toppings...but that is my problem, not theirs. I think next time, I will get lots of heath bar and hot fudge, as both seem to be the highlight everytime.I also like the interior, as their is plenty of place to sit (with various options), and the colors are make it seem even more fun.  It's tough to be in a negative mood when you are inside.My only suggestion would be to add a couple Stevia sweetened frozen yogurt options, as I get plenty of sugar with the delicious toppings.  Overall, I know what I am getting into when i walk into the store, though....and that is....a delicious treat.
4	Pretty good yogurt - though it's the people working that usually make my day. It's located right downstairs from where I work. I'm not sure if he is the business owner or what but I see him a lot, often with a huge grin and promises of tasty treats. He is super nice and will somehow start up a 5 min conversation even before you make it down to the yogurt bar. With a very nice sidewalk seating area this is a perfect place as an afternoon snack or dessert since the sun setting on the opposite side of the building gives incredible shade. The only reason I give 4 stars: not enough fruits!!
4	1 of 3 Cherry Berry locations I have been to in the Charlotte Area.  This one has the best location for foot traffic.  If you are down in the area at Trader Joe's, Best Buy, Target, or Chipolte' this is right in walking distance.  The have a good selection with 12 flavors and the same great toppings as the other locations.  They have a surprising amount of indoor seating given the amount size of the storefront.  If it is a nice evening I recommend  sitting outside and just watching the cars and people.  Highly recommend as an after dinner snack.
4	A family-friendly yet hip place. Redeemed a promo for a free bracelet for checking in :-) Good flavor variety, unlike some froyo joints. Had a good time. Thank you!
5	Great yogurt....Good service and yummy yogurt. We went recently after having dinner near by. The location is very spacious and there is plenty of seating. I wonder if they have a location in Raleigh. If you like yogurt or sherbet, you will love it here.
4	I would give it 5 stars if it was spelled Cherie Berry. All hail to the queen of elevators.If you don't like your yogurt here, you can blame yourself. They give you sample cups so you can try out the flavors to find the one you want.The workers here are always super friendly and helpful. Of course, if I got eat frozen yogurt all day I would probably be ridiculously happy too. The inside is bright and welcoming.A wall of flavors. Toppings galore. I like that they have dividers for the cups. I like to make myself two different treats. My latest adventure: orange sorbet with nerds and white chocolate with crushed up Andies mints.It's the Met... so go ahead and accept the fact that parking blows here. And, make sure you get a CherryBerry card. You can earn points and get free stuff.
5	Love yogurt and this cute little shop had it all.  Great flavors and a lot of seating. Very refreshing on a hot sunny day.
4	Came here first the first time on Sunday with my husband to get our fro-yo fix on. They have a ton of different fro-yo options to pick from (I did chocolate and caramel and my husband did chocolate and cheesecake). In addition, they have sooooo many toppings to pick from. I mean, they werent crushed up bites, they were huge pieces (yes, I would like basically three whole recees on my fro yo!)We started piling on and then when we got to the register, we looked down out our huge bowls of ice cream and thought, "well that progressed quickly"! There are just so many options that you can't stop! The place is nicely laid out with alot of seating. So, next time you are out shopping at the Met, swing by and check it out!
4	I had a quick stop by to this little bar, and have a cereal milk in ice cream. Then I went back as much as I could.
5	Cherry Berry has delicious frozen yogurt.  Although there is another frozen yogurt place at the University lake that has more variety. I can't remember the name though! Anyway, the atmosphere is welcoming,  the staff is always friendly and helpful. The prices aren't expensive either. Enjoy!  I always do!
