5	Dr. Harter is an absolutely amazing and caring doctor.  He has been my OB since my daughter was born in 2009. I had an emergency c-section due to severe preeclampsia, after planning a VBAC. I was devastated by the turn of events, but Dr. Harter held my hand and told me he was very sorry but I was too sick to wait any longer, but I could definitely have a VBAC someday. Well, I decided to take him up on it. I had an amazing unmedicated VBA2C at Centennial Hills Hospital on 4/1/2014. I could not have asked for a better or more supportive OB. *Note*Due to his popularity, it can be hard to get in to see him, and wait times can be long because he's delivering babies...a lot! Those are small inconveniences to me, to get a good doctor!  :)
5	Dr. Harter was everything I was looking for. I wanted to have a natural, unmedicated birth, but was nervous to do a home birth and my insurance wouldn't accept a midwife. So, I found Dr. Harter. He followed our birth plan and was very easy going. He takes the time to answer your questions. I waited long past my appointment time many days, but I understood that was the price for one of the best doctors in Vegas!
5	Dr. Harter delivered my son 6 months ago at centennial hills hospital. I planned on having a vbac after experiencing a csection 10 years earlier while delivering my daughter in oregon. I had seen some negative reviews about his staff but he must have hired new staff because they were very nice to me every appt I ever had. I truly adore is nurses. I ended up with an emergency csection and was devastated about it. Dr. Harter was kind, calm, efficient.  I trusted his judgement and skill. He came to check on me after. He is a classy dr. He saved my son. Blessed to have known him. Thank you dr. Harter! I know have a healthy 6 month old son!
5	Dr Harter delivered both of my children and has been my doctor for 10 years now. He is very warm, friendly and has a relaxed / soothing way of talking to you. He has helped me through some very hard times (a lost pregnancy and later and major depression) He has never rushed me through an appointment, even though I know that he has a bunch of patients waiting for him. When he is in the room with you, you feel that all of his attention and focus is on you. Which to me is worth the wait. There usually is a wait to get in to see him and sometimes he does need to leave to deliver a baby.... which makes the wait longer. But I figure he had to leave his patients for me when he delivered my babies in the middle of the day. (Especially my 2nd baby which had complications during the delivery.) So to me it's a "give and  take". I just know to bring a book or something to my appointments because I never know if an emergency is going to come up.
