5	I can't say enough about Avid Locksmith!We were all packed up with our 4 boys and gear and our popup tent trailer.  We were going camping for the Labor Day weekend.  It was 6 am and we were just leaving the driveway when I realized that we didn't have the key for the camper.  We looked everywhere and couldn't find it.  Our 9 year old said that he put the key in the trailer.  There was no getting into it since it was locked.  Checked Yelp and found Avid Locksmith.  There were no reviews but Avid was close to my house so I called.  Zach answered and said that he would be here in an hour.  He was at our house in an hour and we were on the road in 15 minutes.  Zach is the best at what he does!  He was fast, knowledgeable, prompt and very affordable!  I would recommend him to family and friends.  Thanks Zach for saving the day!!
5	A timely response, courteous service at a fair price.  I highly recommend!!
1	After having a SCAM like experience with the ATLAS Locksmith (foreign network inside the U.S.) and nearly being burned by their dubious operations, I turned to Avid Locksmith.  Did some online research and noted Zach's stellar rating.  He lived up to the ratings and feedback.  He quoted me for the service call, re-keying a front security door and provide 4 keys.  His rate was what ATLAS Locksmith originally quoted me, however ATLAS Locksmith did not live up to their word, instead tried to raise the price during their service call.  Are you kidding?  No, I am not.  Zach was a professional and consistent thru the entire process and took my credit card over the phone.  He even emailed me a copy of the paid invoice after the work was completed, just like he said he would.  Zach at AVID Locksmith is the real deal folks.  He has been enlisted as one our trusted vendors.  Thank you Zach!
5	I looked around for some locksmiths on this site and was a bit put off since you can run into some really shady people that way and basically all the locksmiths have abysmal ratings.  I saw this business listed but only a few reviews and decided to give him a shot.  Very nice guy.  Gave me the price over the phone to unlock my car.  It was a reasonable price and didn't give me any crap.  Came out here, met me at my car, and had it open in like 5 minutes.  Definitely would recommend him.  If you see this and are unsure because there aren't many reviews, go for it.  They're not paid reviews or anything, the guy is just professional and nice but you know most people only come to sites like this to post their BAD experiences.
5	Someone in my family locked the keys in the car. All eyes are looking my way - but they can't prove anything.  Anyway...I called Zach at 4:40pm - he was here by 5:10pm. I was back in the car in less than 2 minutes. How can you get any better than that?
5	I manage two office buildings and a small apartment complex and Avid is now my go-to locksmith. Courteous, efficient, with clear and honest pricing (unlike the last several locksmiths we've used!).  Highly recommend Zach.
