5	Bruce was great to work with and gave me an honest opinion on the fate of my power washer.  The free diagnosis was much appreciated and helped me put my money towards a new washer since the engine had lost compression.
1	I'm disappointed I have to write a negative review, because I love supporting small businesses. However, Bruce said he fixed my lawn mower, but it died the first time I used it after bringing it home. I've called four or five times to have him take a look, but no call backs yet. At first I thought maybe he was busy, then he cashed my check. I'm losing hope. Perhaps it's a misunderstanding, and he seems like a nice guy, but I wouldn't return.
1	Extremely disappointed.  This is my first time ever leaving a negative review.  I dropped off a weed eater to be fixed and originally he was good to work with and return calls.  The original estimate was 4-5 business days.  2 weeks later after multiple attempts I finally reached him and he said 1-2 more days.  I have never heard from him again despite multiple attempts to both call and pick up my item at his home.  At first I thought he may be out of town, but it has been over 8 weeks since I originally dropped my item off and he will not return any calls.  I guess he wanted my property more than running a descent small business.  Very untrustworthy.  DO NOT USE.
3	After I made a lot of effort to get back in touch, Bruce actually came to my house to fix the mower.  I definitely appreciate him making it right and driving to me, I just wish we could have resolved the issue sooner.  His work is great, he knows what he's doing, but the communication could be better.
5	Bruce was friendly and knowledgable and I enjoyed working with him. He came to my house, looked over my mower, took it away in his truck, then brought it back a week later, good as new! I have a small lawn and he recommended getting it serviced every two years. I will definitely be using him again when that time comes!
2	I'm with Chad W. below. I dropped off a chain saw and the conversation on the phone was very positive. However, he never called me back or gave me a diagnosis and it's not that hard to make a one minute call. He had the saw for weeks. Finally, I just went and picked up my broken chain saw and then he gave me an estimate. But by then it was too late. I'm sure he could fix the chain saw and his rates were reasonable but since this is apparently a side business, he just doesn't have the time to repair promptly. Too bad, because he is a very nice man.
