5	I stayed at the iHotel for one evening last night and was very impressed.  The faculty was very professional and courteous.  The hotel was very clean and very modern.  They provide free shuttle service to and from the airport and any place you want to go on UIUC's campus.  The shuttle service was in a fully loaded Suburban which was very nice.  They also have free WiFi available to their guests.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Champaign, IL without hesitation.  You will not be disappointed.
5	We stayed at ihotel for one night and had a great experience.  The hotel is new and well designed.  Great service where they welcome you by name.  Ordered Papa Dels delivery, and the server at Houligans was very kind about providing us with plates and silverware.  Free wifi, free parking, safe location on campus.  Highly recommend for anyone coming to visit U of I.
5	Our room was clean, beautiful, and huge for a hotel room. Very professional staff.
4	This is a really nice hotel.  A big step-up for Champaign-Urbana.  The rooms were clean, the beds and bedding were high quality, and bathroom was great.  Free Wifi, and fast too, up to 20 Mbps!  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was a minor mix-up with the reservation but this was promptly taken care of.
4	iHotel is probably the closest hotel to the ISU campus in Champaign, IL. We went for one night only, to attend a wedding.The event itself was not held at the hotel, so I can't say anything about their facilities. But, we did spend the night there and had a quick breakfast at their coffee shop.First, the hotel. From the exterior, it does not really look like much. The interior tells a much different story. They obviously spent quite a lot fixing up an older hotel into something very modern and very pretty. The lobby and adjoining lounge are roomy with comfortable seating. The front desk staff was very nice.The rooms were also well done. They were well appointed. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom clean and modern. The TV left a bit to be desired - it was a flat screen, but did not have a great selection of channels. Seems to be something they skimped on that was pretty minor that could have a big positive impact on their customers.The only real disappointing experience with had was the coffee shop. Serving Starbucks coffee, we expected good coffee. But, the coffee was burned. The servers were obviously college kids who were nice and cheerful, but didn't really know what they were doing.So, if you need to stay in Champaigne, the iHotel is a good choice. But, for coffee, go elsewhere.
4	Landmark Review:I was here for the Carle new employee and recognition event. Great venue with lots of parking. Staff is friendly and helpful. The food/appetizers that they served was quite delicious. Carved beef fillet and a bunch of small apps hit the spot. The venue is very new and well design. Overall a great place to host events. Free wifi as well!
