5	This is my 'office' when I'm not on-site with a client.  It's a lovely, homey, chill-axed space with solid wifi and friendly staff.  The coffee is great, and I don't say that lightly.  I drink black coffee (black black, not black with sugar), so I get to taste coffee in all its raw glory.  When I need to buy beans, I come here.  Cafe Expressions has seemingly billions of kinds of beans, most of them fair trade and/or organic.Most of the staff is bilingual, and they also stock both french and english weekly papers.  A nice touch is that they also have french and english daily papers.  They have sturdy marble and cast-iron tables with wooden chairs, or you can choose from a few slightly run-down arm-chairs.  There is a sweet, often taken spot right by the front window, where you can chill in a red arm-chair, sip your delicious coffee and watch the world go by (meaning the pretty girls on mont royal).
4	Cosy, unique little shop with an exceptional selection of coffees, loose leaf tea blends  and baked goods. Free wifi and good music to boot.
2	I really wasn't impressed with this place. I don't think it's up to Plateau standards. There are far better places to grab a coffee and a sandwich within feet.
5	great place. very comfortable seating. fast free wifi. great coffee. excellent friendly service. nice relaxing music. food looks tasty.
2	Latte wasn't very good. The milk was well made, not over heated, but the coffee it was made from was not robust or fresh tasting.
4	Really laid-back feel and it just so happens that their light roast drip coffee is my favorite in my part of the Plateau, and I have to say I'm growing more accustomed to having lunch because it's always fresh and made locally.Staff and owners are reserved but very polite and caring. My only qualm is if I want to work it can be hard to plug in and, last I checked, internet connection can be weak if you're not in the back sectionConclusion: fav place to have a coffee or eat and read/chat, but go elsewhere when I want to be connected.
3	Good coffee and tea selection. Good service. Small selection of baked goods to choose from but  adequate. Comfortable and clean.
