4	So I was driving through Maricopa the other day and decided I was getting a little hungry. I'd driven almost non-stop from San Diego with very few breaks and it was about here that I was feeling the consequences. So I searched through Yelp for something in Maricopa that wasn't the Maricopa location of some freaking chain restaurant. Oddly enough, this so called Soul Food Shak came up and caught my eye as something out of the ordinary. It wasn't part of the main mall area of Maricopa so I figured it'd be a little adventure as well. Going north on the 347 (North John Wayne Parkway) you turn southeast on the Casa Grande Highway right after crossing the railroad tracks. Is it on the wrong side of the tracks? Who the hell cares? It's Maricopa. BFE. One step above Gila Bend which was the crappy little town I used to have to drive through when coming from San Diego when I lived on the Wesside. So Maricopa might be a few notches above that. So a few moments eastward and you'll spot the shotgun shack on the right hand side. Can't miss it. It's in the Stage Stop Market Place by the Calvary Chapel. Lotsa parking. Bring cash. Ignore the Square sticker on the window - they don't have that anymore. So the guy with the grill is pretty chill - not sure if he was Uncle D but I got the catfish dinner. COmes with catfish, tartar sauce, Louisiana hot sauce (I'm guessing but that's what it tasted like), and whatever sides you ordered. I ordered the cole slaw and collard greens. Cole slaw was ok. Catfish was pretty standard. I would definitely get the collard greens again though. To be fair, I came on a day that the full menu wasn't available. I really would have loved to try the ribs but they are only available on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. Oh. I forgot to mention that the dinner came with a slice of cake. Homemade Butter Glaze Cake. I'll be passing through Maricopa someday again and I'll have to try the other stuff I missed - okra, rib tips, brisket, pulled pork, hot links, chicken strips, fried pickles, baked beans, potato salad, etc. This first experience I would rate as 3.5 stars but I'll round an extra star up for being a funky place that's not a chain and offers an alternative to all that Sysco crap.
4	I've been wanting to check this spot out for awhile. Got the Brisket Sandwich and fried Mac n Cheese. This place takes cash only so make sure you stop by the ATM and grab some cash first. The Brisket Sandwich and fried Mac n Cheese was pretty good. I want to try some of their other stuff on the menu. I'll be back.
4	Honest food and great service. I love supporting local restaurants and more so when they offer great quality. I ordered the rib sandwich and was really impressed because you not only get a lot of food for your money but you get food that tastes like is been cooked with love.
5	Fantastic food and the people working here are always really nice. Particularly, I feel like this place is really good at letting you know how long it'll take to get your order and checking in with you to let you know where you're at. It's a minor thing but it makes the wait go by fast and you never have to wonder if you should ask about the status of your order. So far we've tried the chicken strip basket and the potato salad, both were amazing! I am surprised but so so grateful we've got a place this good in MaricopaForgot to mention that we found this place yesterday and we're already back tonight.
