2	Brought the family to Tom's last weekend, and was disappointed.  On the positive side, the prices were excellent, much better than the canonical breakfast spots in the strip.  However, the food was heavy, greasy, and made from mediocre ingredients.  I didn't care for the spinach  / feta omelet, the kids' pancakes were heavy, and the home fries were greasy.  True, the place felt 50s, but kind of worn out.   We won't go again.
3	I've been a Tom's Diner fan for almost 20 years, and it's not like it used to be. Classic diner fare, with the diner look of retro booths, and counter area. The one major thing that seems to have changed is the consistency of the food. Some days the gyro is fully loaded, and some days a pb&j would've worked better. Home fries are a hit or miss breakfast item, and the omeletes are good, but have been better. Overall Tom's is a better pick than Eat N Park up the street, but it won't take long to grow weary of the selections. The service has always been great, I just wish they'd bring back more of the Greek type specialties.
4	The service here was outstanding with a very friendly staff. I could not believe the amount of food we got for $7 per plate. Great food. Great prices. A new Pittsburgh favorite of mine.
1	Below par diner food. Fried zucchini is all breading and no zucchini. Anything fried always comes dripping in grease, I know, I know it's diner food but it doesn't have to be so greasy it makes you physically ill. I'm a big fan of blt's and there's is pretty poor. Small portion with very little meat and dry bread.Besides the food, the service is so so. Last time I was in I asked for a lemonade and the waitress forgot it, asked for mayo and there was none on my sandwich, and this was on a slow dayWith eat n park down the street and Pamela's not too far away it seems you have much better places to get you're grub on. I'm giving it one star because I can't see myself ever coming back or recommending the place to anyone else.
4	I can't comment on how it is for actual meals, but If you want food in the middle of the night, you can't really be picky and they get the job done.  At first I thought the price on the strawberry pancake breakfast meal was high (around $9), but it comes with lots of food (3 big pancakes plus sausage & potatoes).  Nothing special compared to other pancake places, but any stack of warm pancakes late at night is delicious to me.  The waitresses seemed nice and friendly, especially considering it was past 2 AM and they have to deal with all the drunk people coming in.  Overall, I liked it.
2	I know Tom's is a South Hills staple, but other than the convenience of it being open 24 hours a day, I'm not impressed. Even by greasy spoon standards this isn't great. The wait staff is hit and miss. Some are friendly and attentive (there's an awesome Greek lady there that I love), but just as often drinks sit unrefreshed for an entire meal and I can't get anyone's attention to prepare the check. The food is really bland (hard to make a boring grilled cheese, but they manage it) and priced pretty high for what it is. I've been there five or six times in an effort to find a reliably good menu item, but I've given up. It's just bad.
4	Do you want a pancake breakfast, bacon cheddar fries, and a gyro platter at 2 am...?I know I do!!Oh, and by the way, you're gonna be drunk, and you're gonna like it..The worst part about eating Tom's diner is waking up the next morning and feeling like you ate chemical waste, and no, not the Alex Mack kind.
1	I've given this place enough 2nd chances and have had my last meal at this DIVE.Food is mediocre at best and you can't get any service because the wait staff is always outside having a cigarette. Very unappetizing to watchthem and the cook smoking then come back inside and NOT WASH THEIRHANDS. DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Tom's Diner is a bit retro, a bit hole-in-the-wall and a bit of a good deal!The wait staff is super friendly and on top of the service, the decor is retro and the booths are true diner style. I ordered the breakfast burrito. It was pretty tasty and very filling. The salsa it came with wasn't anything phenomenal, but I'm ok with that.  The peppers and onions were well cooked, the sausage was tasty (it's sausage, not chorizo) and the breakfast potatoes on the side were just ok. They needed a little salt, which I understand and I think some ketchup would've done them well.  This wasn't the best burrito I've ever had but it was good and super filling. I ate it around 9 and wasn't hungry until 4pm! Well done!Breakfast burrito breakdownThe food: It was good. It was great, it wasn't bad, it was good.The value: That burrito was just under $6 and it was a monster!The experience: it's nice and quiet in the mornings! I bet it gets really crowded though.Would I return?: Hmmm, I don't think I need to.3 stars?: It was good!
4	Open 24 hours is the key. Good food at any time. Gyros are their specialty and are very good. Remember it is a diner.  The decor is out dated.
4	After living in Seattle and going to a number of amazing diners, I was thrilled to find Tom's. It tends to be a little greasy, but I love the food. I've been there at least 6-7 times, never a bad experience.DISLIKED that the bathroom is hard to find without asking.PERFECT hangover food. I will be back!
5	Excellent and made from scratch !!!!
4	Excellent food and a great Dormont staple. Open late so that is awesome. Just had their wings for the first time. I have to say, The wings are scrawny, but the sauce is great. So great that it almost completely makes up for the lack of wing size. The gyros are excellent too. Great prices and great food.
2	Tom's Diner is one of those places I really, really want to like. You see it when driving down the street and it looks like a cool, retro place that got picked up from the past and dropped in the present next to the chain stores and abandoned buildings lining the rest of the street. If only the experience here matched the charming exterior.I don't have a problem with the diner food, first of all; it's not great, but hey, for cheap eats, it's not bad. They make a mean French onion soup, I admit. My problem is more with the maintenance of the place. The windows are dirty, seats are busted, tables aren't properly cleaned - those things really detract from the experience and make the place look run-down and a bit unwelcoming.The biggest offense for me, though? The service. My waitress? It took her three trips to remember I had ordered an additional drink (yes, we reminded her), by which time I was almost done with my meal. Also: this diner does not have ketchup at its tables. This would be okay if the servers remembered to bring it out with all meals. They do not. Seriously, guys: you operate in Pittsburgh. Ketchup is mandatory.I may poke in for a quick bite again, but I'll be honest with my final opinion: considering how mediocre my experience was on a slow Saturday night, I suspect some fast food chains could knock Tom's out of the park on a busy day at this diner.
4	Any place where I can crack up, cut up, let my hair down and be loose is a place I love to be. It's a diner , kinda of self explanatory seeing as to how that's part of the name.  So they have your typical dinner fare, breakfast items, sandwichs CHICKEN TENDERS.  You get it, I don't need to explain a diner to you.  Don't judge me I'm usually wasted upon arrival to Tom's Diner it's not a place where I plan on ending up just a place that I manage to get lol.Anyhow the pancakes are good and the wait staff is down to earth and very tolerant. In my opinion it's not worth a trip across town, but with friends in Dormont it's a sure stop if I'm visiting over that way. Enjoy!
5	I love how it's the only restaurant that is open 24 hours near Mt LebanonIt's always good food, even after a night out at the bars.
5	Classic diner atmosphere. Reliably delicious food. Quality, polite service. If you're in the mood for solid American diner-style food, you can't go wrong with Tom's Diner.  And their wings are great too!
3	Located within a short walk of the hotel my girlfriend and I were staying at while visiting Pittsburgh, Tom's came up as one of the must visit options near us, especially for our pre-tourism breakfasts.The restaurant has a very old school diner shtick with old, cracked vinyl booths, and a red and white motif. It was almost empty when we arrived for a relatively late breakfast, missing out on the commuter crowd. A friendly Greek lady who may have been one of the owners served us promptly and we were perusing the plentiful options before us.I decided to go with the gyro breakfast burrito which comes with eggs, gyro meat, tomatoes, onions and mushrooms in a crisp griddled tortilla, and slices of fried potatoes on the side as well as gyro sauce, aka tzatziki. The meat in the burrito was crisp and gravitating towards the dry side of the moisture spectrum, but it had a really good flavour, quite similar to donairs here in Halifax. Although the crisp tortilla added a nice texture to the dish, I would have preferred a soft pita for the sake of being able to eat it with my hands.The potatoes were OK at best. Some pieces had nice crisp edges, but their texture was inconsistent and a normal hashbrown or home fry would have been better.If I was around for longer, I'd have definitely tried Tom's again, but alas, it'll always be Dor-Stop that holds a place in my heart.
2	I came in and a waitress came to our table , took our order and then walked away. Another lady came to us and asked what we wanted , then the first girl came back and asked us again!!! The restaurant has 4 people. This is not good! Write it down you dumb blonde
3	The food is ok and I like that they're 24 hours. One of the things that I don't like is that you sit yourself but you don't figure it out until a while. Waitress also take a while to take your order. Other than that is ok.
5	I have to say I really loved this place.  I love the mesh of old and new.  I love a greasy spoon.  Most of all, I love the fact that I can visit here any time of the day.I have heard of Tom's for a very long time.  I remember there being a Tom's in the South Side and visiting it many times, but this spot is so different.  There's a different vibe here, more laid back, less bustle.  Walking in here makes you feel as if you are entering a tiny road stop diner, you kind of forget that you are still within the Pittsburgh region, especially if you stop here in the wee hours of the morning.I grabbed a booth to myself and within a minute the waitress was there to hand me a menu and ask me what I wanted to drink.  Looking over the menu took me some time seeing how this was my first visit here.  I ended up ordering a BLT with a side of loaded fries.  While waiting for my food to arrive I looked around the place and took it all in.  The colors, decor, and furniture definitely give you that diner vibe.  When I think of a diner I think of the shiny chrome, the bright white and red checkered pattern and bar stools at a counter.  All of that is here!My food finally arrived and I started to dive into it.  The first thing that popped into my head was, "why did I order a side of fries?"  The BLT comes with a decent side portion of fries to begin with, I really didn't need more fries.  The BLT itself was perfect.  The bacon was greasy, yet crisp, the lettuce was refreshing and the tomato was just the right thickness.  Add a little mayo to the toasted bread and we are in business.  It was so good I wish I had just ordered two BLTs.  The loaded fries were pretty good as well.  Topped with cheese sauce and bacon (man, I just couldn't get enough of that bacon).The waitress on duty was super polite and very attentive.  Even though it was very early in the morning, she did not miss a beat or sit around.  The only gripe I have about this place is the prices.  Some of them need to be readjusted, but other than that, it's a stellar place to get a meal.**something to note: they do serve alcohol here.
