2	The man we assumed was the manager was too busy joking around with the employees in the kitchen to notice that the dining room floor was littered with trash and table tops were dirty. When I complained that my Sierra Mist tasted like black mold smells, the nice kid at the register was sympathetic and said he'd report it immediately, but thirty minutes later nobody had done anything to the drink dispenser and I winced when two young girls went up to get their cups filled. That manager needs to direct his efforts toward keeping the business clean instead of fooling around with the employees.
1	I am very disappointed and angry with the way the general manager, Jerry, treated me at this Taco Bell. He called me a liar and humiliated me in front of neighbors and customers who happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. He should be reprimanded for his treatment and mismanagement of a long-time customer, such as myself. This is the situation: Last week I placed a sizable order through their drive-thru and when I got home, two of the items that I special ordered were made incorrectly. I live about 20 minutes drive away and did not feel like going all the way back out just for two items, and in addition to the drive and gas cost, I am also handicapped and it is difficult for me to get out and go. I called the location and explained the mishap to the person on the phone who stated they were the manager, who apologized and asked if I could come back to have the items remade. I explained that it was a 20 minute drive each way and I was handicapped and would prefer not to have to go back out that late at night. The manager said no problem and told me they would write my name down so I could have the two items replaced on my next  visit. On Feb 13th, about a week after the initial incident, I went into the store to request my two items that were to be replaced on my next visit. After waiting for almost 10 minutes to speak to a manager, I was finally able to speak to a female manager who was clearly not the person in charge because she said she was unable to find my name in their "book" and told me I would have to speak to the general manager Jerry. I watched the woman I spoke with go back to making food, and I could see her speaking to a gentleman across the line from her, who I later found out was the general manager, Jerry. After she spoke to him and told him that I was waiting in the front to speak with him, he continued to make food for at least 7 more minutes before he decided to grace me with his presence. Meanwhile, I am standing in the front of the store, having issues because I walk with a cane and cannot stand for long. After several minutes and seeing that he clearly did not care if I was attended to or not, I had to sit down and wait because I could no longer stand. After about 7-8 minutes (17-18 total minutes from the time I entered the store and asked to speak to a manager) Jerry finally came up to the front. I explained what happened and that the female manager was unable to find my name in their book. At that point, without even looking in the "book" himself, Jerry said, "I'm sorry, your name is not in the book so there is nothing I can do for you." I replied, "Ok, so, are you saying that you are not going to replace my items that were incorrectly made? He responded, "That's right!" I was really aggravated at this point. I had stood there and waited  almost 20 minutes for this! I said, "I am really angry that you wasted my time like this, it is the responsibility of the store to write down this information and not my fault that someone did not do their job." He replied, " If it isn't in here, then you didn't call. You could be lying just to get free food for all I know. How am I supposed to know it actually happened the way you said it did?" I WAS LIVID!!!!!!!! To make matters worse, my neighbors were standing there because they happened to be visiting the restaurant at the same time. I was furious and humiliated. I told him, "Just forget about it, I will take this up with your manager." I asked for his name and left. As I was walking out the door, I turned around to see him laughing! This is absolutely inexcusable behavior for any employee, let alone a general manager!I went home and called to make a formal complaint about this to his district manager. I hope they do something about this man! How dare he insinuate that I would lie and make up a story to get two measly food items free when I had to drive 20 minutes each way and spend at least $10 in gas to get there! Never again. As long as this man is working at this restaurant, I will never return. I can almost guarantee you that I am not the only person he has mistreated and I won't be the last. People like that have a sense of entitlement and an attitude that berates others and empowers only his own self-inflated ego.
4	I guess maybe I have been lucky I have had no problems here.
