4	Very courteous, but they do try to sell you on their program. They take good care of their clients and their staff is great.
1	Although they are courteous and thorough they are SLOW. You can hear people in the back having personal conversations while you sit and WAIT. My quoted half hour appointment took an hour and half. I waited a half hour before I was even seen initially.
1	I've had Banfield for over 4 years. My dog has obviously aged within that time and needs more services than he did when he was younger. I've never had any problems with Banfield until I take my dog for a annual dental exam, covered under the monthly plan I pay, and in result they wanted to charge me $760.42 for some teeth extractions, medication and a blood test. I was shocked! The services they do for the monthly payment you pay is completely over priced! It like they do extra services to make it seem as if you're receiving such a great discount. I'm so disappointed and never would have thought to pay that much for a Yorkie to get some teeth pulled. And when I tried to cancel I couldn't because I was in a yearly binder contact and have not paid my dues yet. Everyone who works for animals is a saint, but it's companies like Banfield that take advantage of people who would do anything to keep their pets healthy and live a long life. Shame on them.
1	The ladies were very nice and caring to my two cats, but I will not be going back here.  The prices are unbelievable!!  I called to ask about an ultrasound for my pregnant dog and told the girl on the phone she is at 35 days( too early for an x ray).  She said they don't do ultrasounds and that she would make an appt for an x ray.  When I asked the price, she said $300 plus a visitation fee.  I called the vet down the street from me that's within walking distance and they said they would need a $40 visitation fee and that the x ray would be $120 at the max- most likely only $60 for one frame. Talk about taking advantage of loving animal owners and charging more than double what it should be.  I called one more vet just to reference, and they too said $60 for an x ray.    When I took my cat in for her de claw,  they tried to throw in an extra $200 worth of tests and services that were unnecessary.... All they want to do is sell you a bunch of crap... And they do not care about your pet-- they only care about your wallet and how big of a hole they can burn in it.  By the way,  those photos that are uploaded on yelp are laughable...
