1	This is not going to be a good review. Our visit was horrible. we thought that we wasn't going to be waited on after about 15 minutes from being seated. Finally our waitress arrived with this nonchalant attitude. If it hadn't been the fact that we were tired and hungry, and would have eaten our shoes at this point, we would have gotten up and left. We ordered the under 550 calorie Sizzling Chili Lime Chicken. The chicken on top was cold and some of the vegi's were burnt. The plate was a mess. I will upload a picture for all to see. The only taste that could be detected was the sauce that they poured all over it which I bet made it more than the 550 calories that was claimed. We won't be back to this location.
1	I'm not a fan of applebee's never have been and never will be, but I was out numbered yesterday when my family decided that they wanted to eat there.  So I went, and I explained that it would be nasty but they said let's give it a try so we did.  When we got inside I noticed that the music was soo loud that it's they were having a concert for the neighborhood, it was soo cold in there that it was warmer outside and it's the fall people.  Any who, our server was in the back laying down when we were greeted, he finally came to our table very nice guy and he was the high light of the whole visit even though it didn't start off well.  We ordered our food, the choices were not good not enough of a selection.  Any way, we all ordered our food and waited, for some reason we didn't notice that we didn't have eating utensils until I food came.  Our server didn't even realize it, so my question is why wasn't the tables set at the time of opening?  Ok I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and I must say that the bacon was the best part of the burger.  Applebee's has the most flavorless food I've ever had in my whole life, and yall know I like to eat...lol.  Any who, it was horrible I had to make my self get through most of the burger because I was hunger, normally I would complain and not pay for it and move on.  But I just was ready to go at this point, when I got my food my fries were so cold it's like they had just taken them from the refridgerator, so he took them back and I got more not too much better so I just let it be.  The rest of my family didn't enjoy their food either, so it was like ok I'm going to eat this because we are hungry and we waited for it.  I will never ever ever in my whole life even if it's the last place on earth to eat, even if their are no more grocery stores, and I can't grow my own food ever ever eat at Applebee's again.  It was just nasty, I said to my family before we started to eat our food I can't believe that their even still a business.  And after that was over, I don't see how they are in business really.  I didn't think factory food could taste that bad.  Oh yeah and the bartender had to seat us, I must say this was the first time I have ever seen that.  Any who never again.
1	Only gave one star because you can't give no stars.  Tried to order off their pick a pair lunch menu, the French onion soup and chicken wonton tacos, that is clearly on the menu pic I posted.  They said the chicken tacos wasn't an option.  Obviously they don't want my business.  I will go to Bonefish, it's right around the corner.
2	Typical fresh frozen prepared food.
2	The food and our server Nay were great.  We sat at a table at the bar and 2 guys we thought were patrons who turned out to be employees of Applebee's were out of control loud and dropping curse words left and right.  No one, not even the manager, asked them to quiet down.  There were children in the restaurant.
5	Applebee's has really stepped it up!  Lately when we go for lunch the staff has been amazing. Everyone is very friendly and the service is great.  I love how they are always adding new menu items.  This is definitely my favorite lunch spot.
2	I keep going back here to give them one more try, despite my wife saying she's had it with this restaurant.  After this latest visit, I guess I'll have to give in to her wishes.  We've had both good and bad dinners here, but lately they seem to be consistently mediocre or worse.  The chicken with portabello mushrooms was amazingly tasteless.  My wife's fries, accompanying her shrimp dinner, were stiff and unappetizing.  The waitress, friendly enough when she showed up, either wasn't trained properly to clear plates promptly or just didn't care.  The appetizer was late, so much so that it arrived only minutes before the main dishes ...we had just started into it.  I wondered to my eating companions if they understood the purpose of appetizers.  I know Applebees in other areas have been better ... so I blame this one on it's manager.  The wife wins this one ... we won't be back.
