4	A true authentic, literal hole in the wall! This place is straight out of an Anthony Bourdain episode. If it weren't for an authentic friend introducing me to this humble looking place, I would have continued to drive past it week after week.We stopped in and sat on the outside patio in need of a hearty meal, after a busy weekend. I was told that this place is only open on the weekends and that they are known for their Cabeza Taco's among the local Mexican community. I have to say that they hit the spot. They were served with a good amount of meat, fresh sliced cucumbers and radishes on the side, as well as a side of guacamole and fresh made green chile salsa. The corn tortillas are made fresh, and two of these guys will satisfy an appetite.They also have several types of Caldos (soups). One of which is Birria (Goat), another is Camaron (Shrimp), and a few others.We ordered a cup of the Caldo Camaron which was great. It was a simple tomato based soup that was full of shrimp. It is served with a plate of chopped cilantro, onion, and lettuce to put in the broth. It really hit the spot after a tiring weekend. They serve Mexican Coke in Bottles, as well as other Mexican Soft Drinks.I have a feeling that some may leave bad reviews about this place, but a true foodie who is looking for a simple, realistic Mexican street food type experience will feel the same love and appreciation for this small gem as I do.Go give this place some support, but please don't be foolish and write a bad review because of how the place looks or the service. Write a review based on what the place is supposed to be , which is a real hole in the wall which is simple and nothing short of authentic.I will post pics of food after next weekend.Cheers! :)
5	Yes, this place is small but huge in flavor! They have tacos de birria, caguamanta, camaron, cabeza, and chicharron! They also have different types of caldos but I haven't had that, YET! You must try it!
4	Phoenix needs more places like this. Menu painted on the wall, eat outside next to a garage, only about 8-10 things on the menu and hands down the best tacos this side of Sonora. When I was taken here by a friend I almost gagged thinking about a manta ray taco. I have to tell you it is the most incredible taste profile you will have in a taco. The place isn't anything to write home about but who cares! I'm there for the tacos and viches. Treat yourself and go.
