3	Like stepping back in time, Mel's is a 50's style diner complete with the cheezy movie posters, red vinyl booths and retro music.The atmosphere more than makes up for the slightly limited menu choices. But the service is friendly and price/quality of the food is hard to beat.The 24hr breakfast is my main motivation as a return customer. All that is missing are skatresses!
4	nice stereotypical diner decor, food is pretty good, but the wait is a little longer than i would like.  definitely above average.
4	Great burgers with a happy diner atmosphere.  Service can sometimes be slow, but they are often busy.  Benches can use some help (some are torn).  I recommend the "Easy Rider".  It's good for two days of leftovers!
4	Great little diner. Good prices. Their breakfast specials are very tasty.
4	I eat here once and it burns down in a fire the very next day.  My hunt for good burgers in Waterloo/Kitchener/Guelph continues...  *sigh*(Seriously, I hope they rebuild.  I want to go back.)
4	I liked this place. Sadly It went up in flames during my exam period. I was asleep the morning it caught fire, but I saw the firetrucks when I woke up to go to school to study that day.Mel's favourite is the best, cheap and good.
5	Great service. The Good Morning Burger was delicious, especially that I couldn't make up my mind between fried eggs or a burger, this has both!!! Also the french fries are awesome. We also got a Double Bubble with the bill :)
5	This is definitely one of my favourite diners and I'm really glad it's back. For me, I evaluate diners on how well they can make the typical "hungry man's" breakfast or something similar. I ordered the Egg Combo, which came with 2 eggs, homefries, brown toast, sausage and pancakes. Everything was perfect. Eggs were actually cooked over medium, homefries weren't salty, sausage & toast wasn't burnt and the pancakes were fluffy. Service was also relatively quick (~15min) but not totally warm and friendly. For diners, I'm more focused on the quality of the food so it was not a big deal at all.
3	I feel a little bad giving it a 3 star because I really enjoyed the overall experience of the place. The service would probably inch it up to 3.5, but I feel 4 stars isn't what this place deserved.Upon entry, my party of 2 was ignored for the first 10 minutes. Mind you, there were no seats available so we would've waited anyway, though I would've appreciated if we were acknowledged when we entered.When we finally got a seat, service was swift and efficient, with Kayla being an energetic and funny waitress. I ordered the French Skillet with whole wheat toast and sunny side up eggs (I hate scrambled). The order arrived in about 15 minutes; about right for a diner like this.The food was decent, but not what I'd call "out of this world". The eggs and toast were good, however the skillet itself seemed to lack something. There wasn't as much cheese as I wanted and the chicken didn't have a lot of meat. The fries were good, aside from one piece that was burnt.Arrived at 7:45pm, out by 9:00pm. I'll probably come back to try out their breakfast, but in terms of expectations this place fell a little short for me.
4	First time eating at Mel's Diner since the fire and it was an excellent experience. The diner captures the feel of a 50's style diner with their menus, jukebox, movie posters,  seats etc. The service was quick, friendly and witty. The meals were pretty good portion sizes. I ordered the Original BBOP; a smoked beef brisket with swiss cheese, gravy and a side of sweet potato fries. The BBOP was pretty good a bit of fat in the brisket.   The strawberry milkshakes were delicious!  Be prepared for a wait during peak times. Cheers~
5	Mel's Diner is back...  I've been waiting for the restaurant to reopen in the original location (my friend Karl actually has a picture of the group of us, myself included, waiting in line for the place to open at 7 a.m. on opening day... but I digress...) after the fire two years ago.  It was cold, and it was rainy, but it was well worth the wait!The restaurant looks great and the food is a good as ever.  I ordered the breakfast special, and it is as good as I remember: two eggs, sausage or bacon, homefries and toast.  I loved it so much that I went back on opening day for dinner...  which as "dee-lish" - One of my faviourites is the Skillet.I have got to mention that the service here is fantastic.  The folks who work here must really like the place.  Welcome back, Mel's Diner, looking forward to many more visits to come!
4	Went with one other person for Sunday morning breakfast. I had heard such great things about this place and they offer a 10% check in discount for yelp users so I was very excited!I had the eggs benedict and it was mediocre (its pretty hard to make something bad when it is smothered in hollandaise sauce). The person I went with had pancakes and asked for Oreo crumble in them. The staff was very accommodating and they even made it the daily special!  Overall the food was good!With Mel's what you are really going for is the environment. This 50's diner has great decor and service and at the end of your meal you get bubble gum which I thought was a great touch! Our server had never heard of yelp or the yelp discount but he gave it to us anyways. And I would definitley suggest Mel's to anyone!
2	I went to Mel's diner for the first time with my boyfriend this passed week and it was not the best experience. I ordered the shepards pie with sweet potato fries as my side. When the waitress brought us our food, she never brought our sides till we got her attention 15 minutes into our meal. She seemed lost and confused that our sides haven't come out yet and asked what we got (sweet potato fries and home fries)  when she came back she then told me there was extra mashed potatoes on my meal as my side because that's what she punched in, telling me that if I still wanted my fries I would be charged for them. They got my order wrong and yet they couldn't give me what I actually ordered. There was only one waitress as well.. Dissapointed with the service and meal. Don't think I would visit again.
1	This place is only good if you are looking for a nostalgic experience.  Food's ok, but not great. The staff always looks pissed off. The reason this place is popular has more to with the location than anything about the place itself. I just ordered a vegetarian skillet, and got ham in my plate. When i told the waitress, she offered to take care of it, and got another plate. Again, i got the exact same issue. Ham in a vegetarian plate. At this point, i just gave up. I wasn't charged for the dish, but i went there for a meal, and left without eating, due to how the kitchen is managed. Doesn't instill a whole lot of confidence in how they prepare anything with such an example.
1	I was craving some tasteless food one weekend, and decided to head to Mel's. I ordered a burger and some fries, and told the waitress to wait an hour before serving my food. Needless to say, after waiting an hour for a plate of unappetizing food, I decided to leave a generous tip. You don't see many diners these days that still uphold the quality of food and service these days like Mel's. While most would say that diners provide an emotional connection between omnivore and roadkill, Mel's serves up the equivalent emotional connection of a quick hand job in a Walmart toilet from a middle-aged shelf stacker named Rhonda in exchange for half a packet of Marlboro lights. I would definitely recommend Mel's to friends who have had their taste buds removed, and perhaps will one day return when I feel the need to waste 3 hours of my weekend.
1	Date: 2013-09For most of my academic career, Mel's Diner has been a charred whole in the ground. Seeing as how it was recently constructed over my last couple co-op terms, I finally decided to give it a go.I come away very unimpressed with the food served. There's always a good line, but I wonder if that is only because of 1) the lack of other options within walking distance, and 2) the lack of seats. The burgers arrived distinctly crispy and burnt. My speedster was slightly burnt and the chicken was dry. We were told we would have to wait 30 to 45 minutes for our food. Portion sizes were unimpressive for the price, but I have already given up all hope on 'Plaza Food' to give good value (that is, restaurants in the University / Philip area).
2	I've been to Mel's 5 times in 6 years. Twice before it burned down and three times since it was rebuilt. This review is about the last time I went and my experience that day cemented my opinion of the place. I went there a few weeks ago on a quiet Saturday afternoon. The food was decent. I had the Cadillac burger. This burger's got a really big patty with onion rings and asiago cheese on it. I liked it a lot. The fries were great. The portions at Mel's are really good for the price. Three servers were on shift but they were all un-attentive and incredibly slow. We were not able to flag down our waitress to refill our water glasses and despite asking for the cheque, we were not given it. After 15 minutes, we went to the cash to pay and were told the bill was coming. 10 minutes later it still had not arrived. The wait was unacceptable to me. I give Mel's 2 stars. If you have time to kill, definitely go to Mel's for a pretty good burger and fries.
3	Went there religiously when I was in school at UW.  Subsisted on their bottom less coffee and all day breakfast.  Lots of late nights there after going out to the pubs in town.  Sadly, it burned down but was lucky enough to go back recently to visit the rebuilt version.It has maintained much of its charm and decor; though the food was worse than what I remember.  It felt good to be back.
3	The atmosphere and the service was pretty decent. The waitress recommended dishes and was amiable enough.The menu selection looks appetizing, I'm pretty sure I will be back just to try more dishes.The turkey dinner I got was quite satisfying, personally felt that the stuffing was too soggy and the gravy nothing too special though.
3	Mel's is a place where I have a love-hate relationship. I like the food but the service just frustrates me at times.The ambiance has its charm. It feels like a time capsule back to the '50s. Posters from movies of that era are plastered on the wall. Tunes blasting Elvis, Little Richard & Buddy Holly from the jukebox serves as entertainment during your meal.The service on the other hand is a mixed bag. It appears Mel's is chronically understaffed. There are times where I would get immediately seated and other times where I wasn't acknowledged while I was waiting to be seated. Placing an order is usually swift and efficient. Expect a 15 to 20 minute wait for your order. My go to meal is the All Day Breakfast ($4 before 11 am). A decent plate with choice of meat, 2 eggs, fries and 2 pieces of toast.  There is also an extensive menu filled diner standards.At the end of your meal, you get a piece of Hubba Bubba. Pretty nice if you ask me!
4	Mel's is great. One of the very few places open 24 hours around campus. The best part is they have all-day (ahem... all-hours?) breakfast, so you can get your pancakes, eggs or french toast at 3am if you want.The portion sizes are also a big plus considering the very reasonable prices. I always end up ordering way more food than I can actually eat.
2	The place is either hit or miss. Either the food is cold and service is horrible or the food is mediocre and the service is good. I had a piece of hair in one of my sandwiches once and the server would not even reimburse me for my meal.
5	Good value. Portions are pretty big. Would not get the shepherds pie, but everything else I've had has been pretty good.
3	Mel's used to be my favourite go-to brunch place prior to the fire. After they rebuilt the plaza and opened up Mel's again, I was so excited that a delicious plate of eggs benedict will be at my convenience once again!I returned to Mel's several times after the re-opening. Each time, I felt a little disappointed. Not sure if I became a little snobbier with food after 2 years had passed, or if the quality of the food changed.. but every time I go back and order my favourite, Egg's benedict, the egg (which I think is the best part of the dish, the yolk should be runny and silky) is always overcooked and the dish as a whole was disappointing.I don't think I'll be going back often anymore. But if you're looking to go for a cheap breakfast, they still have their breakfast specials.
3	Great value on breakfast and burgers! The food quality isn't the greatest, but the portions are quite large. The coleslaw that usually comes as a side doesn't taste quite fresh, so I rarely finish it. The meatloaf was soggy and tasted like leftover meat. The spaghetti was pretty mediocre. The fish and chips are alright. The milkshakes are great though!
2	Meh, I don't get the big deal over this place. Ordered the Mel's "special" breakfast (toast, eggs, taters, and a side dish) with a milkshake and it came to $10. It may sound okay to some but that was one of the most mediocre dishes I've ever had; certainly not worth $10. Buy yourself some eggs and fancy bread and you'll be much more satisfied.
4	I went here last week with my partner. It wasn't very busy (around 10am on a Wednesday) so we were seated quickly. We were both very tired, so if service was slow, we didn't notice. I had The Big Mel and ordered pancakes (instead of French toast or something else that you can get with it), but the server brought me French toast instead. When I pointed this out, she left my plate at the table and came back shortly after with my order of pancakes. She let me keep the French toast, which I ended up taking home and having for breakfast the following day. The food quality was fine, but nothing exceptional (though I've had exceptional food here in the past).My boyfriend had the breakfast burritos (Huervos Rancheros or something?) and I tried a few bites. They were absolutely delicious, if not a little bit messy.It might be a little pricy for what you get, but the portion sizes are very large, the atmosphere is nice, and the service isn't terrible.
1	A favorite among the university crowd. I'm not a fan. I've been here multiple times and this time I decided to write a review.I'd gotten the "Healthy Life." It didn't seem all that healthy to me. Not really sure what I paid for was actually worth my money, it seemed quite plain and simple. And the tomatoes they'd been using were terrible. On top of that, I'd ordered orange juice. Expecting freshly squeezed orange juice, I drink a "from concentrate" glass of Oasis orange juice which I'd seen the waitress pouring for us. No. Just no. And charging us $3 for it? Nah b.Other times I've gone, it seemed alright. A typical 60's diner setting. If you're actually considering weekend brunch at Mel's, you might to consider coming early, to avoid the rush. Other than that, the place itself isn't all that fantastic. In comparison to other places in the proximity, this place is alright. I'd only go here if I'm in absolute need of greasy food.
2	Like many others, I used to go to Mel's with a couple of friends back in first year. It was open late and the food wasn't bad. Coming back, this place isn't as popular as it was back then. That's probably because the food is just okay now. Mel's Diner is, to me, a place that you'd go to if you were really too lazy to make your own breakfast. I ordered the Big Mel (with french toast and over-easy eggs), and my boyfriend had the Great Canadian (over-easy eggs). It's the worst french toast I've ever had, and I'm sure most people could do better in their own kitchen. My boyfriend's peameal bacon was tough to cut/rip/chew through. Bacon was overcooked and oily (left a pool of oil that seeped through my french toast and eggs). I think you get the picture. It's also like $10 per meal.Overall, it's not a great experience. As I said, if you're feeling lazy and just want to step out for a meal, you can dish out about $10 at Mel's.
4	a good place to go for all day breakfast. the food is not bad and their size is so big.
2	Went there with my friend for lunch. Taken to be seated then completely be forgotten. People after us were served already but we weren't even given the menu.  Left the restaurant with huge disappointment. Another nice server came after and apologized for that and offered free meals but I refused that. Thought I would give only 1 star but two for that nice server! Thumb up!
4	Best chocolate shakes in the area!!  Unlike prev reviewers we have found the wait staff to be very friendly, smiling and pleasant although service is slow when they are busy.  We had the fish and chips last week and it was very disappointing.  A larger than life portion but the fish was dry and overcooked.  Tonight we had the liver with onions and bacon, with mashed potatoes and the Jerry Lewis burger (swiss and mushrooms).  The liver was perfectly cooked and delicious.  The mashed potatoes were awful - probably from a dry mix.  They had the consistancy of wall paper paste  The burger was huge and delicious!  Best burger I've had in months.  Really good, generous homemade fresh grilled burger, and the fries and coleslaw were delish as well.  I find them a little pricey on some items, but other choices offer very good value.  All in all, we will be going back again,and recommend this place.
1	VERY disappointed.  I've had their Jerry Lewis burger before and it was great.  Today I again ordered one, and my daughter ordered the Breakfast Burger.  My burger was RAW in the middle.  Now I like my burgers on the medium side but this was RAW and left blood on my plate.  Oh and did I mention that we waited more than 30 minutes to get our food???  Well, the waitress took the burger back and left the fries for me to eat.  (Hmmm, why not fresh fries with the new burgers?)  A few bites later, my daughter got into the middle of her burger and it also was raw, even though we thought it would be okay as the patty was thinner.  Back it went, and again the fries were left to get cold.  I told the waitress we were very disappointed and did not want to sit there another 30 minutes waiting for replacement burgers after both turned out to be undercooked.  She brought us a bill charging us for 2 baskets (4.99 each) of fries!!  which by the way she whisked off the table along with my daughter's fork so she couldn't even eat the coleslaw.   I asked her if she thought we had had the benefit of 2 baskets of fries and she admitted that no, and changed the bill to 5.95.  Wow - what a bargain.  After spending a good 40 minutes in there, leaving hungry, we paid for the privilege.  Did I mention that half the fries were hard and underooked as well?  I wasn't even aware that you could make hard half raw fries!!  Time for some new cooks in the kitchen.  We will NOT be going back even if they do have great shakes.  Well, maybe just for the shakes.  As we left we passed a univ. student with a half eaten burger - visibly raw in the centre.  They will be lucky if nobody dies of e-coli from there.
3	Mel's became a staple of my undergraduate career after it re-opened a couple of years ago. For a long time in my life, it was missing, mostly because it had tragically burned down in April of 2010, just after my first year of studies at the city's namesake university had wrapped up.I've had a lot of great memories here. The place feels like an old style diner, the majority of the experience is via the booths that line both side walls of the restaurant.One of those "great memories" was discovering a thing called "poached eggs", and then discovering further that there are "hardnesses" of poached eggs - "light", "medium", or "hard". Man, did I have a field day for breakfast that day (one of each, I got three poached eggs! Haha!).I've also particularly enjoyed their burgers, since diners are usually more well-known for those kinds of things. I never tried that massive 3lb burger, but I promised myself I would before I die - so keep an eye out for that challenge later, I'll definitely Tweet about it, or at the very least update this review to reflect that.The beer selection isn't readily obvious or available, but they have one - you just have to ask (and show ID, of course, if you're my age and look way younger than you actually are).The environment is definitely nice and casual, and great for smaller groups (2-8) as well as individuals, but if you're trying to host a party of 10+, good luck!The biggest downside of this place is the sheer size. For the popularity of the restaurant, you'd think they would have bought more space, or at least found ways to clear and rotate tables more efficiently. I get that they're a smaller establishment and are trying their best, but clearly things can be done a little better.Let's get down to brass tacks, though!Pros:-- Great selection & variety of food - one of the best I've seen in a long time, actually, especially when it comes to the breakfast selections! - just be sure you order exactly what you want, since sometimes the menu items feel a little more restricting than they actually are.-- Great prices - I've never seen a dish over $20 on their menu, pegging this at a great mid-ranged diner within walking distance of UWaterloo.-- Some of the best breakfast foods I've had in a long time. Pancakes / French Toast here is awesome, and the bacon is always freshly cooked & exactly the way I like it (a little crispy, but not at all greasy).Cons:-- Inconsistent quality. Some days I feel amazing when I eat there, others times it's just "meh". At the start I thought it was because it was a honeymoon effect, but as time went on (read: three years), I realized it was more because they're better at breakfast than they are anything else.-- Burgers are the biggest "hit-and-miss". Some days, they'll be exactly as ordered, others will be like "wait, is this medium? it feels like well-done!"-- Fries are a little too greasy for my liking - even the sweet potato fries! (I'm a huge sweet potato fry lover, BTW!) This is especially unfortunate because while I like these fries, and the portion sizes are great, I can never bring myself to eat all of them because of how greasy it is - that's how terrible I feel about myself.-- Beer selection (I don't think they have a lot of other alcoholic beverages?) isn't amazing. I guess it's a diner, so I let that one go without being penalized.-- Bathrooms are a little cramped - sink isn't intuitively well-designed (have to pull up and hold to keep water flowing - annoying when trying to wash both hands simultaneously). They don't seem to clean them a lot (the men's, anyway), or replace the paper towels that often. (this could be because it's not their focus, which is fine, but it's been the same experience for over a year in my experience)Overall, I'd recommend this place for newcomers to town, or to new students/residents to the Waterloo area. I wasn't a "regular" here by any means, but it's a solid place to go to, provided it's not busy (wait times can be 1 hour if there's no seating, since the max I've ever seen is two wait staff, and two cooks, at any given point in time).
2	A great all day breakfast joint.  Do not order anything that is not on the breakfast menu or you will be dissappointed.  Other than eggs, bacon and sausage, the food is dry and tasteless directly from the freezer (you wont find anything fresh here) and is generally overcooked and served on stale buns to ensure a consistant flavour.  To make things interesting, the cook likes to forget key items from the ingredients -- such as no cheese on a Reuben Sandwich, no cheese or mayo with the Schnitzel (aka frozen piece of meat that spent 15 minutes in a deep fryer) on a kieser.  The beef soup was excellent, thank God as I used it as a sandwich dip.
