5	I was relieved to find that when my AC went out last summer, they didn't try to sell me a new unit, they only replaced my broken fan motor.  I now have them programmed in my phone in case my heater or air conditioner breaks again.  William is great and really knows his trade.  I was very happy with the service provided.
5	So far so good!I have purchased a groupon for this company in the spring for maintenance.  I felt that William was honest with me and not trying to get me to purchase more than I needed.  My freon was low, so he filled it up.  He told me that the valve was loose, so he tightened it.I called him this week because our upstairs air went out.  He came and discovered a leak in our attic.  Once he discovered what was wrong, he fixed it quickly and was on his way for a reasonable price.I think AR can be trusted to do the work that is needed and charge a reasonable price.  What more can you ask for?
5	I highly recommend AR Heating and AC. William was the tech that visited us. I was running late in meeting him at my house. He came and left but also left a message that he will be back after completing another quick job in the area.  He came back after less than an hour, which was still within the time frame that they originally quoted. He diagnosed the problem quickly and presented the repair scenario and the cost. It was acceptable and William completed the repair in less than 30 minutes. All in all, a very positive experience and I would recommend them to anyone.
5	We had a wonderful experience with this company. They came out to fix our air conditioning unit in the heat of summer. They diagnosed the problem and solved it in minutes. They were very affordable, professional and did an excellent job. Thank you.
2	Just had these guys out to inspect our A/C before the heat comes for the Summer. I had purchased a Groupon last year but never used it, these guys still honored the Groupon and took care of me. He gave me the estimate of repairs/replacement parts and seemed very honest. Anyone who lives in the South West knows that A/C companies have the upper hand when your stuff breaks. I will definitely have these guys out every year for a checkupUpdate 22 Mar 2013: So the rental company had their contracted A/C company come out and they guy said everything is fine, doesn't need anything that AR Heating & AC said.... Which is disconcerting because I felt I could trust the both companies but one said it's good to go no repairs nothing and AR said it need $300 in repairs. Guess my comment above about A/C companies having the upper hand was true. Rating downgraded, get multiple inspections/opinions! I'll be having a 3rd company out to make the final decision.
5	William Lampe came to our home today 5/16/2013 we had a 29.00 coupon for a tune up on ac, he was profession, honest and courteous.  We had a fuse out he did not try to sell us unnecessary service or parts.  He gave my daughter and I great preventive advice.  I have already refer him to a neighbor who has been waiting 2 days for a different company to even show up and to friends across town with ac problems.  My friend bought this for us as I am disabled and our air was not blowing cold. Mr Lampe was prompt and thorough I will continue to share their card but you will have to pry the original out of my hands for I am now a loyal customer.
5	Based on Yelp reviews they were right, called AR just to get A/C inspected and maintained. Very nice to deal with, tech came out did a through inspection and cleaned unit and checked vents through out house. Didn't try to sell anything pleasant to deal with. We found our company from now on. With so many company's out there and we have used previously. Definitely stand out!
5	Great service, great price.  Can't say enough good things about William and AR Heating and A/C.  Responsive despite being the busiest time of the year for their business.  In fact, the techs showed up EARLIER than their estimated time.  In 30 minutes we were back to producing cool air.  Had all the necessary parts on the truck, reasonably priced. Knowledgeable and fair.  Highly recommend !
5	Both him and his wife made me feel cared about - not gouged. Definitely referring them to friends.
5	After our heating/cooling unit blew up, the home warranty company contacted AR Complete Service to install a new unit.  From the first field guy, David, to the fabricators and installers, everything went smoothly.  I was impressed with their professionalism and timely work.  Just in time for the hottest day of the year, so far.  I am pleased to recommend this company.
1	I have been waiting a week in the Vegas summer with a 16 month old child without A/C because they don't know how to answer phones or check emails. To be fair there was an issue with mold and insurance, but the issue was resolved and four days later I am still waiting for my A/C to be fixed. Out of the 20 odd times I called they only picked up 3 times and never returned any of my voicemails. And when they did pick up the woman was rude, condescending and abrasive like it's not a big deal to have it constantly 90 degrees in my house with a small child.
1	Word to the wise, don't write a negative review on this company until AFTER they have competed the work or else they will be rude and unprofessional. My earlier complaint was that no one picked up the phone when I called and when they finally called me back after the mold issue was resolved the man said "he really appreciated the negative review" and that after "all he had done for me" to try and resolve the issues. He further more called me "that girl" to my father when he was here to fix the AC. First off, don't call me "that girl". I'm a grown woman and calling me a girl is rude and condescending. Secondly, if your company had really tried to help me you would've A) returned my fucking phone calls and B) come out in a timely manner. If you had wanted me to change my review your company should have the common business sense to act professional and return phone calls. Not be rude, sarcastic and frankly a dick. Don't be a dick company in the modern age. A copy of this review shall be going on all of the major Facebook groups to warn them of your shitty service.
1	I have a home warranty and our AC went out and the set up AR to come service unit. Woody service tech/owner sets up a service call for next day. He said he will be at residence between 1PM and 5PM. At 12:22 he calls and says he's early and on his way out. I told him I wasn't home and would get there a few minutes before 1:00PM and he sighs and says you can't meet sooner?? I said I couldn't as I was about 20 minutes away. he said he would be there. My wife was home and I got to house at 12:55 and at 1:05 warranty company called and said AR was all booked and couldn't make it. AR never called back to tell me or try to reschedule. I Told them what happen and lady(warranty company) said AR said they haven't set up an appointment. A lie from AR. This company has been to house twice this type of thing happened the first time and the service issue they are servicing is the same. This Guy/Company has no regard for anyones time. I would not every use this company.
5	Saved the day for us.We tried using the Yes! service for a heating issue we were having.  Unfortunately, they were overpriced, and fraudulent.  A technician from AR Heating & AC came within a couple hours, fixed the issue and was extremely professional (and affordable!).  I would highly recommend these guys.Most importantly, everything in the house is working great.
