4	I'm knocking a star for it being a bit cluttered [with boxes of products in the overcrowded aisles] when I went in. Other than that, I really like Sally's. There's a location closer to my house, but I occasionally stop in on my way home from work. I like their selection of China Glaze nail polish colors and they have a wide variety of shampoos, conditioners, glosses, styling products and dyes to choose from on top of the makeup and other beautician supplies [tools, scissors, etc]. It's a great resource for any beauty-obsessed individual to have! Also, this one is close to a payless shoes, so you can stop in after if you're interested in that.First time I went, there were a couple of drag queens getting ready for their night out. That alone makes it worth coming back, because that adds a little sparkle of joy to my day. :} The parking lot could be repaved/resurfaced as it's pretty rough, but that's not Sally's fault.
4	I was introduced to the store by my best friend when she lived in the bay area and worked there, years ago. This location is the one I went to the most- specifically for the big blocks of wax- like vanilla or lavender- for my footbath (which reminds me I need to start doing that again even though it takes a few hours to melt the wax). I also would check out the other foot care products (neat that there was an inflatable foot basin- maybe for travel- something you don't see offered in other stores) and the hair care products- mold, gel, scissors, brushes- so many to choose from- really. Small store but jam-packed with products. The aisles were always well-stocked. Great for the woman or man who wants more specialized products than what you see at Target or Walmart.
3	This Sally's is unfortunately in a bad area. The store itself is clean and well stocked. All of your beauty needs here at an affordable price. Professional? Even better ;)
1	While I love Sallys, this store is the worst! Twice now I've gone in and had the most awful customer service ever! Both ladies were extremely rude, unhelpful, and acted as if their time was being wasted answering questions or checking anyone out! I definitely won't be going back to this particular store.
4	If you know what you want and where to find it, this store is for you. The customer service is not the best. Be prepared to find things yourself. Even at the register I have felt ignored. :-/ Otherwise, it is a great place for your beauty needs. Definitely my go-to place for bleach and manic panic. There is always a deal to be found here. It's a great thing because you get to try products or brands you wouldn't normally buy for a great discount (and occasionally free).
2	Your typical Sally's Beauty Supply. Have a good amount of items in stock, but unfortunately the customer service wasn't great. The manager of this store was kind and acknowledged me, but the other employees didn't seem to have a real drive to help me in a friendly manner. A smile goes a long way, as well as looking like you enjoy what you do.
1	Customer service at this location is a joke as well as there stock. I was working a huge event in town and the makeup team needed some extra supplies that they normally get from their local Sally's. This particular store was out of almost everything We needed. That was the least of my issues with this place as the sales associate working that day seemed so annoyed and acted like she was being extremely inconvenienced with any questions I had for her, even though there wasn't a single other client in the store. When asking where something was I would literally get an eye roll and a response like "I don't know somewhere over there" followed by a huge sigh. When paying she was again nothing more that rude. If I wasn't in such a hurry and focused on the task i think I would have probably ended up sharing words with this woman that wouldn't have been so nice.
4	I've been going to this particular Sally's location for the past 2 years, it's a smaller store, but they carry a large amount of merchandise, & it's  become my "go-to" store for the majority of hair styling products I use daily, plus the GVP tea tree soap that I absolutely love!! They also have pretty good sales & deals on a regular basis, although there are only 2 employees who are worth dealing with. The store manager herself is usually pretty smug & standoffish, as if asking her a question before her cappuccino kicks in throws a monkey wrench in her whole day! Looks as though they made a mistake picking management that would represent them well- but the 2 employees under her, the reasonable prices, & the products they carry makes it well worth returning. ;-)
1	We went in looking for a straight razor!  There was some chick also in the same section bending over with her butt crack out!  But the sales person, was looking at us like we were going to steal something!  Really!   We, me and my husband.....look like were going to steal something!  I will never go back in the store again!  That wasn't cool lady!
