4	I really loved this hotel, and thought it was cheap for the quality. The decor is pretty fun, there's a plasma tv in the room with a lot of channels.The location is pretty good, as everything is a short walk away.The room has coffees, chocolates and tea, as well as kettle. There's a hair dryer. However the room is a bit small, and we had asked for a room with two doubles and received one double, which was separated into two singles. There is no wifi or phone in the room.We didn't have any issues with noise in the street, even though the room looked over the street. But a lot of taxi drivers told us this might be an issue; there actually are a lot of bars in the area.
4	Overall this was a brilliant hotel.  Great location, lovely eccentric feel to it.  Rooms are definitely small, but cozy to be sure.  No wifi in rooms yet, but free in the lobby, and the lobby is a nice place to hang out.  Draughts, chess and Scrabble to pass the time there along with the wifi. Staff were friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed a lovely chat with a night clerk after a concert.  Not without quirks, though. No phone or clocks in rooms. Still and all, I would definitely stay again when in Edinburgh.
4	Superb decor awaits from the moment you step through the front door. It's all in the details in this trendy little hotel in the heart of Edinburgh: the lift reads "up, up, up & away", the reception is emblazed with dozens of old keys, the walls are covered with old comic books... if you are looking to stay in a place with style, look no further. The only negatives were that our double room was too small for the price and it didn't have wi-fi.
5	From check-in to check-out, this hotel was excellent. Breakfast in the pub next door was delicious, staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and the room was totally cool (and clean!). I loved the location, too. It's central and easy to find. A great hotel.
4	Great location, clean, ultra-modern and trendy. There is even a place to put your mp3 player in the wall to tune into built-in speakers. I did not like the comics on the walls. But this is in the middle of wonderful Edinburgh. An amazing location in one of the most amazing cities of the world. The staff was fine. All in all, it was a good and clean place in an excellent location. I do not know how we could have done better for the price.
5	My friend and I stayed here over a weekend. I loved it. The decor is quirky and fun. It has a sketch/chalk drawing and comic book theme with lots of colorful details. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Edinburgh!
