5	I was stuck in Charlotte for work, and the prospects of finding culture in this banking town were slim. Finding a bar that wasn't full of frat boys or Bank of America employees was a top priority. I stumbled across the EXCELLENT Penguin Drive-in for some great diner food, rockin' jukebox, and heavily tattooed crowd. After one of the best soy hot dogs I've ever had, I was handed a flyer for a show around the corner at Snug Harbor. I'm always a little skeptical when some random person hands you a random flyer for a random concert with some random bands, and his best sales pitch is "It's only $3!". While we didn't make it to the show, the venue was Snug Harbor, right around the corner from Penguin. It's a dive bar if only because of the hipster/rock/punk crowd, the lack of draft beers, and the incredible pirate motif adorning the walls. But it's actually fairly nice - big outdoor patios in front and back, dance floor and little corner stage, friendly folks, cheap drinks, and pretty clean. I think this and Penguin are definitely the shining spots of Charlotte - we made it back to these two spots several times that trip.
4	This is a house converted into a live venue by night and pub by day.  I stopped in for a drink on a Sunday afternoon and there were ten or fifteen people just hanging out on the patio out back.  On a nice day you can definitely take advantage of that.  Drinks are a little high.  Their lowest-end scotch was $5 but hey, party on the patio!Snug's definitely found their niche, in spite of only being open a few months, with their pirate motifs and low key bartenders.  The vibe indoors would completely depend on time of day and who was playing.  When there's no live band, you could go here with a group of friends and have a mellow time or by yourself and remain completely unnoticed and check out the juke box.  There's no dance floor to speak of unless you're referencing the ten square feet in front of the tiny stage, but this is a live venue.  So if a band you love is playing here you'll be able to see every dent in their gear which is kinda cool.
4	A good friend kidnapped me from the Penguin and walked me over to Snug Harbor to check it out when it first opened, and I found it to be a great venue. From the frequent live, local music to the low-key atmosphere, it's a great spot to hang out.Snug Harbor is a good place to go to see the people you went to the Penguin to see...without fighting the Penguin crowd. The outdoor area is fun, and the pirate theme is pretty kickass.I've also got to agree with Pop'n F. that it's refreshing to go to a bar that's a BAR, and a BAR ONLY, for the love of God! No kids in sight, no one slanging jalapeno poppers...it's just a place to get together with friends, drink, smoke, and enjoy the music.
4	The spot was barely occupied with stragglers from the long weekend, but I heard some stringed instruments wailing from the street as I drove past.  I thought about it for a minute and whipped it back around, I had seen a concert the night before and I was itching for a little more live music.  The cover was five, which wasn't bad for an out of town band.  The inside is painted red and decorated with paintings of ships, skull ornaments and pirate pictures.  The bar is a 180 turn of a stool to see the quaint stage in the corner.  I loved the acoustics and the intimacy of the venue.  This may have been that it was a Sunday and an out of town band.  The bartender looked like he may have been a pirate himself in a past life with long hair and beard.  He was soft and friendly though.  I came here alone and I felt welcomed, I wanna check it out again, they have a lot of live music here all week long.
5	Snug Harbor filled such an important need in Plaza Midwood - a great bar/music venue.If you're always looking to discover new bands, Snug is your place. They've got live music (including local bands and touring groups) almost every night. It's not a huge place, and the intimacy can be great for shows. It can also be insanely loud. Fortunately, there is an awesome back patio. It seems like every time I go back, they've made another improvement to the spacious patio.There is generally a $5 cover to get in, but I think it's worth it since you're also getting live music when you're at Snug. As Joy mentioned, it's nice to go somewhere that's just a bar - a rare find in most non-Uptown neighborhoods.
5	I keep finding myself here, for whatever reason - some band I dig playing, bored and wanting to drink on a night they've got some weird theme, Sunday cocktails to celebrate the Lord's Day, whatever.Great indie band magnet? Yup. Rad bartenders? Yup. Kick ass space? Yup. Open, like, all the time? Yup. Lately, they've extended their hours even further. They were even open on Thanksgiving (edit: and Christmas!!). Cover ranges depending on who's playing, but I don't think I've ever seen it exceed 8$, even for bigger acts.Only drawback - if it's pouring and crowded, there's really nowhere to go. The back porch leaks profusely and there's little to no awning out front.Also - parking in the paint shop's lot can lead to missing car stereos and such. Park either across the street in CVS's lot, or the shared lot down the alley a piece (on Thomas st.).
4	I've never been here for the music.  I've only hung out at here on Sunday afternoon for the bloody mary bar.  Its worth it, they have so many condiments, etc to add to your Bloody Mary.  I like that I can add what I like myself so I can put as much or as little as my taste buds like.
5	I have walked by Snug many days, stood at the fence and talked to some friends, I have even taken photos of strangers and stalked them on Facebook and tagged them, but it was always at an arms length distance?  Why was I playing so hard to get?  Last night, I finally plopped down at a picnic table, had a couple of beers with Mr. & Mrs. Berns and that young stud Bill F.  Good times, my only regret was I didn't make a deal with the devil, he was there ( a guy dressed in red from head to toe with a tail) and for some reason, I didn't photograph him, hmmmmmm, very odd.  Maybe he was trying to mind control me.  I will be sure to get him next time.  Arghhhhh!
4	Snug is your solid local music venue in the Wood.  With a heavy rotation of regional punk, hardcore, and rock bands you better be prepared to have a sore neck the next day as you nod to the tunes.Favorited by Crank County Daredevils, Bill Noonan, the Poontanglers, Sea of Cortez, and Grown Up Avenger Stuff with amazing acts like blues legend Model T Ford peppered into the schedule it is always entertaining.Speaking of entertaining, if you have the open mind, you have to swing by for Snug Rock on Thursday nights.  Local burlesque dancers and drag queens take the stage to make you realize just how boring your real life is.Country Tuesday is not too bad either, but it usually is just old school country juke music.The beer specials are the neighborhood standard with High Life and PBR tallboys in abundance and on the cheap.  The bartenders are as colorful and capable as you would expect in Plaza-Midwood and they don't disappoint.The front patio is what it needs to be with picnic tables to chill on, but when the back bar and patio is open, it offers a nice little getaway from the loud music to maintain a conversation.All in all, a good time...
4	It's not particularly snug and I didn't really see a harbor nearby, but what do I know is that if you're keen on indie bands and good company, you could do worse than this divey pirate-themed musical haven. Snug Harbor had been recommended to me by someone I believed had knowledge of the local music scene, and my evening in this joint didn't disappoint. There's a patio of sorts out front with a number of tables for the smoking set, and inside, they're set up to sling cold ones while the band fires up the stage in an opposite corner. This night I caught an act I didn't know, and their set was filled with some of those great moments you only find when bands or sort of discovering who they are onstage. It was an entertaining set, and cover was light, something in the neighborhood of five bucks as I recall. I'd definitely swing back by given a thirst for live music and, well, a thirst. 'Cause when you want to settle in and catch whatever's going down onstage, your likely parched for the rawk, too.
5	great place, great bartenders, good sound system..they COULD have a lil' better AC system for those sweltering summer nites but i digress..:)...COUNTRY TUESDAY w/COREY rocks!!...or countries!!!!
5	If Dylan Thomas was alive and living in Charlotte, this is where he would drink.
4	Dropped in here on Saturday for a show. I'm definitely a fan of the atmosphere- dim lighting, booths and bar stools, lots of standing space, and the stage layout is set so almost where ever you're standing or sitting, you can see the band.The bartenders were quick and friendly. The beer selection was pretty decent and the prices were fair.If you have any indie tendencies, you'll probably appreciate this place. I know I do.
5	I live here. It's awesome.
5	This was my first time here and I met up with a few friends. This place is the perfect combination of simple styling, cool atmosphere and not pretentious at all. There is plenty of room to stand around and gather with friends and meet new ones. The lighting is perfectly low. The bartenders know their stuff and they are quick. They even have room outside to hang out which looked cool but no one was outside because it was way too cold, but I really want to hit the outside when the weather is much warmer. The stage and music was a pleasant surprise. I will go back for sure!!
4	Love this place, from country Tuesdays to the eclectic shiprocked Thursdays.  Bit of a hipster scene, but if you like independent music, good drinks and a chill environment then you will dig it.
4	I'll go ahead and admit that I pre-judged Snug Harbor and figured that I'd never set foot in their door.  The crowd outside seemed reminiscent of driving down fraternity and sorority rows whenever I'd drive by on my way to other places in Plaza Midwood.  Thanks to Charlotte Craft Beer week twisting my arm and forcing me to go in for an event I've decided that I may just cut my hair, get the Bieber/fratty cut, wear a visor and put my sunglasses on a string around my neck because Snug Harbor is badass!  A) the beer selection is pretty damn good B) the bar area itself kinda reminds me of an old man bar like Tommy's Pub (which I frequent) C) they bring in some really good bands (ummm...the Fleshtones WITH Lenny Kaye???  How freakin awesome is that?)  and D) the vibe rocks.  Really, Snug Harbor is the total package.  Momma always said not to judge a book by its cover.  You were right, Ma...
5	I have only been to this place on thursday nights and it is a must see and attend! Very diverse friendly crowd. If your weekend starts on thursday you will be in the right place. Gogo girls with dyed spiked hair ppl mainly 25 to 35 that know how party!
4	Well drinks are decently priced. Some nights have drag shows after midnight. Crowd is mixed, which rocks. DJ sometimes is so drunk he plays whatever he feels like playing - even if it's 10 techno songs that no one likes/knows.  Great venue to watch bands!
4	Great spot to grab a pop and hear some live music.  They have $3 24oz PBRs, you can't beat that!  It's a dark bar with pirate decor and velvet paintings which I totally dig!  Arrr! And there is plenty of room for movin' and groovin'  in front of the band.  But the sweet spot at this joint is the patio out back with colored energy efficient lights strung up - major props for the being earth friendly and fun!
5	Snug Harbor should get its own category of bar.  If I had to choose I guess it has to go into the Dive category.  All you really need to know is that it's incredible--a hole in the wall with people from every corner of Charlotte.   I won't be a broken record, you can read everyone else's reviews... but just know that if you are looking for a low key kind of night, some good music & heavy pours, this is the place to go.Last time we were there to see a friend's band play we talked to the bartender who had gotten back from Thailand at 3pm (it was 9pm!).  Drinks were cheap and the service was quick.  The inside of the bar is really the place to see - crazy artwork, personal touches, random crap - all wonderful.  Outside there are park benches and tiki torches where you can hangout, smoke, & probably make some new friends. If you are looking for the opposite of uptown bars, this is probably a good spot for you!
4	Good music. Dancing. Interesting crowd. Just a fun place to go. Scott Weaver always makes the night full of crazy fun. Lots of different bands play and theres plenty of space to hang out outdoors. The bathrooms are the only negative.
4	Hipster haven all the way. Snug is one of a kind. You don't find many venues like this in a bank town like Charlotte. Snug is as much a place to catch a show as it is a local dive-y hangout. Catch a quick show and enjoy the smokey and loud atmosphere. Put on your favorite pair of skinny jeans a TOMS and slip right into the sea of hipsters. The decor is hilarious. Tons of nautical, pirate and sea baring type items. There's even an skiff outside of the venue for your drunky pleasure. Seriously, I'm pretty sure this place has $1 24oz PBR tall boys on a nightly basis. If you're looking for the place to grab some of that fine, Plaza Midwood Champagne, this is the spot. Lots of great local bands play here. Check out the schedule and hit up Snug for a fun night with some hipsters in the ghetto.
4	Ah Snug, it sure is a happening place on Thursdays! There seems to be a theme about every Thursday which I dig and the cover, what cover? Yeah I like that, I'm tired of paying to get into a place to pay for the drinks!When I end up here, there's peoples dancing on the stage, peoples dancing on the floor, and everyone's having a good time and no one is really trying to act too cool to talk to you, that's how you know a place is cool! There's a giant patio out back, and you can get into some interesting conversations out there then join your new friend on the dance floor or stage inside! The best part of this place is the awesome mix of people you'll find here. Hipsters mingle with preppy looking bankers, and I even met a guy in government, awesomeness.I wish I had more to say about this but I generally have a hard time remembering nights here. In the end isn't that a sign of a good night? When you don't even remember much but you know it was a spectacularly fun evening adventure?
5	Coolest bar in Charlotte! Cheap drinks, awesome entertainment and good company... check it out! By the way, their pirate theme is way cool, and the location is top notch!
5	Great hang out. Great bands.  Good prices. What else do you need?
4	ummm...apparently girls are into licking their own and each others (fake or not?) breast here...they think it's cute but, in fact, it's pretty damn skanky.
4	Divish but everyone was friendly. Unfortunately no music tonight. :-(  Would recommend a visit.
5	This place won me over to Charlotte when my friend and I visited for the weekend. For our first time in the city and not knowing anyone in town, I asked locals via the internet what the best hangout spots were. Unfortunately we made a bad call of going uptown, which was completely dead and too touristy. We ended up here on karaoke night and it was a blast. Very chill, cheap drinks, and everyone was having fun. We came straight from a full day of sweating at the whitewater center, and didn't regret not showering or getting ready beforehand. So thanks, Snug Harbor, for showing us this side of Charlotte.
4	Holy hipsters batman. I absolutely love a good dive bar... and Snug Harbor is one of the best in Charlotte.This is such a cool venue for live music and great local bands. However, my favorite night by far is Sunday. Bryan Pierce does such an amazing job with Bone, Snugs N Harmony... aka karaoke night. It is just an absolute blast. Always a good crowd and everyone has so much fun.Cheap drinks. Dirt cheap. Pirate decor that will make you giggle. Killer patio for great people watching.If you're heading to Plaza Midwood for a night out, this is a definite stop you have to make along the way.
4	Keep in mind I only popped in here during a bar crawl and the place really didn't have many people in it but it was super early.  I've heard about this place for a while and upon entering it really sealed the deal for me.  It's a cool joint, feels a little gothic, rock, etc.  If that's your thing you'll feel right at home here.  The band is set up right in the bar area and I imagine is super loud during play time.  The rear of the building has a could outdoor area which I really liked and of course the exterior entrance has a nice little patio too.  In terms of beers, for those that care, they actually had a decent list to choose from.  I totally expected only domestics and was shocked otherwise.
3	So this place is pseudo-hipster heaven. Here is were people judge you based on how you look and dress. Beware mainstream and casual people!! This place is weird. When I'm feeling anti-social and a little weird then I come here. I call it a circus!
5	Hipster paradise. Great patio. Mondays are Knocturnal - a free hip hop party with great DJs, break dancers and sometimes rap cyphers. Thursdays are ShipRocked with some go go dancers, LGBT-friendly vibes and a variety of tunes spun by Scott Weaver.
5	Spent some of the best nights here I don't remember. A cornerstone of the neighborhood. Great bands, great themed night, pretty terrible liquor and great beer selection. Start here and end the evening eating off The Diamonds after 1am menu and it's been a successful evening.
5	You know you love this place. Even with all of the hipsters.This is PM's best place for live music. It has cheap drinks that are strong, it is relatively clean, there is a pirate theme, there is an outdoor area and good, live music. That is basically all that we really want from a music venue, right?They do karaoke on Sundays. KARAOKE ON SUNDAYS. Yes.
5	It's cheap, cozy and has nice flair.  I like to stop in for a High Life or PBR when I'm making my rounds on a Fri/Sat in Midwood.  I absolutely love the pirate theme they've got going on!  The music is hit or miss for my tastes, but I've seen some really cool smaller shows here.  You can usually tell if it's the right crowd for you before paying a cover... if there even is one the night you go.  Snug Harbor is the perfect divey music venue for the neighborhood.
5	Friendly staff. Best place around for local music. Good drinks, fun atmosphere. Love Snug Harbor!
4	Can't believe I've never been to Snug Harbor until the other night...Upon walking in, I thought, what a small spot; however, I checked out the back patio & was pleasantly surprised. There of course is a nice patio out front, as well. My big brother & another MC were performing for the monthly Knocturnal series. The sound system is really nice & booming & there is enough room on the stage for a dj setup & performer(s).The bar seems pretty decent & had two bartenders serving. I didn't partake in any drinks, so I can't speak on the bar service. Parking may be an issue, as Snug Harbor shares real estate with other popular spots in Plaza Midwood.
5	I really resisted Snug for a long time. Too hipsterish, not enough parking, not a popular place with the sistas, blah blah blah. But their Monday night hip hop jam Knockturnal officially has me hooked. How often can I see original, quality, underground artists for free? Homeboy Sandman rocked my socks; Kool Keith melted my face off. The best part, though, is the crowd. No one is profiling up in Snug Harbor, and even unknowns (and need-to-work-on-its) get love and support from the crowd. It helps that you're only about 12 inches from the stage, and b-boy ciphers can break out at any time without warning. The bartenders make it happen, efficient and cool. But ladies, if you have a small bladder, you might want to abstain and be the night's DD, because you don't want no parts of that bathroom. Just sayin.
4	If you're a music junkie, you should definitely check out Snug Harbor. The inside is pretty small but there are two beautiful patios and an outside bar in the back. The best time to go is on a Wednesday night if you're just now discovering this gem. Great beer specials and $4 fireball. It doesn't usually get crowded until around 11pm and the atmosphere is friendly and easy going. Everyone seems to know each other but it's easy to branch out and meet new people. A great choice if you're looking to learn more about the charlotte music scene.
