5	I just moved here from the east coast.  I have a sister that has lived here for 10 years and warned me that their no good Jewish Deli's.  Well let me tell you the buck stops here.  I was told to go to Chompies or Goldman's, tried both.  They are as true to Jewish food as you can get (Abe's that is)!!!  I had the Matzo Ball soup with noodles! Plentiful! the corn beef was unbelievable, (Chompies and Goldmans had that store bought cornbeef)  I had the half sandwich, which was huge I had to take the other half home!!  The Blintzes were a little different than what I am use to, but were so yummy.  My date had turkey on whole grain rye, wow! Whole grain rye! Way to go "Abes"..  The staff, OMG so nice!  Michael behind the deli counter was so informative, he even gave me a sample of the corn beef before we sat down.  The server was very tentative!! A manager even came by to ask how we were doing!!  She said this was their "soft open"!   The hostess opened the door on the way out and was so nice and had a whole conversation with me.  I asked him "when did you open", he said, "two days ago".. What a great experience!!  Usually new restaurants have to get the kinks out, but they far exceeded my expectations!!  Good luck "Abe's", I will be back, and tell everyone I know, "If your looking for good Jewish food, go to Abe's"
4	This is a really great place and a gem of the area for sure. I am undecided between 4 and five stars and need a second visit to decide. I don't think any other place in the valley is like this place and offers these kinds of over the top foods. They prepare a multitude of in house meats in the house instead of just serving Boar's Head Brand like many little places do so that right there bumps them to at least four stars just for that. I was told they couldn't find bagels in Arizona that they liked so they send in REAL NEW YORK BAGELS from NEW YORK. I am kicking myself for not bringing home a bagel now. Yes some of the sandwiches are higher priced than what some people are used to paying but it is quality ingredients with a lot of workmanship and a double portion so when you put that into consideration the price is very reasonable.No matter what you order they present you with a little freebie plate of something of the day. We tried really good pickles.I was thrilled to see a chopped salad on the menu with salami, corned beef and fresh roasted turkey. This salad FOR SURE was over the top with High end mixed greens not to mention the very long list of added ingredients. Such as, not just corn but roasted corn, eggplant, cauliflower, bell pepper, green beans, kasha, radishes, egg, feta cheese, and crispy bow ties as the croutons. The house made Russian Dressing was very good and flavorful and went well with it. For me this salad was a little too busy but still very good and still seemed much lighter than one of those big old bad boy sandwiches. If I could tweak it I would use a different kasha such as roasted buckwheat because the kasha they used was more like a porridge and that was the only thing I'd change with the not important preference of less ingredients. ($14)My husband tried the In house Roast Brisket, Pastrami, Corned Beef, Swiss on Rye. It's a giant sandwich and can feed two people. They give you a side of very good potato salad. The potato salad wasn't drippy at all and was made just right. The meats were made just right and this really is like what real sandwich shops were like on the East Cost but they slice the meat thinner here. ($16)The only thing I really can criticize is our server was very sweet but not trained well. She didn't know the menu well but in time she will.4.5 stars Mazel Tov Abe's You did very Good.6-3-13 slight updateWent back over the weekend. We had Rueben sliders and a sandwich. All was still good. Took home a bagel and belly lox. The bagel was still fresh a day later and the belly lox was really awesome.
5	REALLY AUTHENTIC   we're so lucky     HOUSE MADE CORNED BEEF, PASTRAMI, GEFILTE FISH  who does this anymore I like real deli , my daughter and ex wife had yummy salads all super. The fresh potato pancakes were fantastic. Its clean its fresh its real  In a land of company stores and franchises  a real NY or LA deli most of those have been in place for generations   BUt now we have a super new one  I am very very impressed  Oh those haters out there this is not a bagel or bakery store its a classy  restaurant and food produced the old fashioned way. Our waitress was so cute  She told us there is not 1 microwave on the premises  HOORAYKenzo tempe
1	We went there since it is near my new favorite deli NYBB and wont go back. Not many people in the place but it took 45 minutes for eggs and one of us got the wrong order. The female manager barely apologized and did not offer to do anything about it and since it was soooo late - they got nothing...The bagels were horrible.
4	NYC guy eaten at the best delis Carnegie, Nate and Als, CantersI cannot understand a few horrible reviews unless they are  friends of the competitionI am happy to have a new deli in Az and one that makes everything in houseThey are not perfect but working hard on faster service etcSome of the best pastrami, corned beef and brisket Ive ever eaten and its very veryCLEANArizonans will judge the quality over time. I even waited 20 minutes on a Wed for lunchTry this new clean very special Deli-restaurant  There will always be grumpy, hateful angry people writing nasty reviews  Try it yourself. I am not related in any way to the ownerKen CFEb 14 soups perfect NOTTT saltyI order unseasoned fries  way betterPEOPLE as with any restaurant if you dont like something send it backAlso servers need direction this is not the RITZ so tell your server you're ina hurryPeople this is 2013 speak up stop complainingRealize that everything here is homemade even knishes and gefilte fishRejoice we have a homemade , very clean deli in AZ
4	This is my new favorite place! I've eaten here three times in the last two weeks. I am used to the Chicago deli experience and while I love Goldmann's food- it doesn't have the ambiance of Abe's. I am not understanding the hate from some of the folks posting here since I've found the service to be excellent and the food pretty good. This is the only place in town that does justice to a hot brisket sandwich! Their grilled challah under it is wonderful. Their turkey is much better than anything Chompies piles on a plate. I am so happy to see a great neighborhood deli open in this town- where you can sit down and have a nosh or a meal.
5	Had a great meal there last week. The Ladkes were crisp and fresh and yummy, and the rye was soo tasty...good job guys, I will be back.
5	Finally a real NY deli in Scottsdale...  The food is awesome and the inside is neat, clean and very inviting!  I had the corned beef and pastrami sandwich; the real deal!  The pickles, Don Herman's, were outstanding. The turkey is the real deal too.  Fresh roasted and sliced to perfection.  The Challah is the bomb and the bagels are from Brooklyn.  Everyone knows that the bagels in Brooklyn are PHAT!!!  Jake, our server was very friendly and helpful.  Make sure to ask for him!  This is a must try and I know that you will be hooked!!!!!  Eat up and enjoy!
4	I grew up in Brooklyn and the one thing I'm missing in Scottsdale is a good Kosher-style deli.  Abe's met that need, and met my expectations!  We each ordered a "junior" sandwich which is 6 oz of meat in a sandwich half.  I had the pastrami on rye and my daughter ordered the corned beef on challah.  They were both exactly how I expected them and how I remembered these sandwiches from growing up.  My only "issue" (not serious at all) is that I wish the menu mentioned that the "junior" is a half-sandwich.  We just expected each to be a full sandwich with "only" 6 oz of meat in total, and planned on sharing each half-sandwich.  It was a lot more difficult to cut the half sandwich in half.  We were served sour and half-sour pickles when we sat down, and since I have a very difficult time finding anything but dill pickles in Scottsdale, we finished the pickles before we even ordered our sandwiches - no worries - our waiter quickly brought over more pickles.Now I'm going to have to go back with my husband!
2	I really wanted this place to be good.  The first time we went there, right after the opening, it really was.  But our second trip was a total disappointment.  They served us stale bagels, the whitefish was totally bony and the food in general was mediocre.  If they want to compete with Chompie's and NY's Best, they need to do a quick re-boot or they will become part of Scottsdale restaurant history.
2	Sorry Abe's I was debating on writting this...I was there back in November when they opened and wrote a wonderful review, unfortunetly I have found that it went down hill in those couple of months.  They soup was so salty that is was inedible, I had them take it back.  I also ordered their cornbeef, the first couple of times was like cornbeef from the eastcoast.  I think they may have gotten the cornbeef from chompies this time, because it was just like theirs.  My husband wanted a cornbeef on whole grain, "out of whole grain" really it was noon on a Friday.  I originally thought it was much different then the rest of the Jewish deli's.  I guess to pay those prices I might as well eat at Chompie's or Goldman's.  Hope they change back to the way they were.  I was willing to pay those prices for good Jewish food.
1	Went there Christmas Day as a party of 8. Place was pretty empty and the service was slow, very slow! So slow in fact, I thought we were going to be served on New Years! Out of the 8 of us, 3 had to send back their food and one person just tolerated her bad meal and didn't say anything.  Corned beef was fatty, brisket was dry, au jus for brisket was too salty to use, the forgot the chicken on a chicken Caesar, water glasses empty. Poor quality control and probably lack of proper on site management. The place is only open 6 weeks as of now. I may give them another try in a few months, if they are still there...or maybe not, as there are plenty of good places.
5	Had a great bagel with salmon cream cheese - real salmon mixed into the cream cheese - well done Abe's :-))
1	Went for nice Saturday lunch. We were 3 and ordered - the NEVER came back, no water, no set ups, no pickles - nothing. We waited and waited and finally told the manager and left.NEVER coming back - what is the matter with these people.So you know - go to Chompie's and forget this place.   Marty
5	After a slow start, Abe's has become the premier deli in town.  Far, far better than Chompie's.  Four of us for dinner this past Saturday evening.  Everyone had something different and everyone raved how good their selection was!  One couple from Chicago and one couple from New York area, so we are certainly experienced deli diners.  We will be regulars (not so easy, since it is a hour drive from the Surprise area).  Service was a little slow in the beginning but our server finally got his act together.  The Abel family has a real winner here!
2	this is our senond time (last one). the quality of the food is just fair; service not much better. anyone who has been to a good deli and comes here only to be disappointed.you better go soon, if you dare, because this place does not belong in scottsdale and is not low to be around.secondary location with secondary food - sorry, but these are facts.marty
5	My husband and I just had a really great breakfast at Abe's Deli.  Can't wait to take our out of state relatives here on their next visit.   Picked up some turkey and salads for dinner.  Yum!There was nothing we did not like..... Will definitely be back.
5	This is the new bagel place for me. Abe's does not look like a New York Deli because it is kinda fancy on the inside, but the food delivers a good bang. First off, the bagels are actually boiled in New York water in Brooklyn from a real live NY bagel place. After that process, the bagels are shipped out to Abe's and they bake them daily. Ingenious and the bagels are great, only appearing in the eight or so original flavors (read no blueberry or jalapeno crap). At 90 cents each, that is about market price these days. They held up to the toasting test the following day as well. The onion is great, but all varieties are loaded and sesame is still my fav. I also tried the $8 brisket sandwich and I found it to resemble a NY brisket sandwich in that crumbly kind of jewish brisket way. I appreciate the two sizes of sandwiches. Brisket was ordered lean and for the most part that was true. The two varieties of pickles were authentic and you even get a choice of side dishes here. The Cole slaw was vinegar based, but tasted good after a bite of the sandwich. Thousand Island dressing was standard in NY on the side and that request was also honored. Nice folks at the counter and finally bagel nirvana. Prices not as high as you would expect in Scottsdale either.
5	Great Place.  I eat there every chance I get since I found it.  We have needed a Deli like this!!!
5	Best Deli in Phoenix. Larry the owner chatted with us like we were old friends while his son manned the deli. We ordered lox and Larry, like a sushi master, sliced them himself. My mom hadn't seen done in years. Roast beef sliced really thin and delish. Apple strudel was excellent. This was after a delicious skirk steak, slaw and mashers. Very clean.A real family owned and operated restaurant. They have schmaltz! Brought up family memories from my mom fighting over gribenes, a by product of rendered chicken fat, when she was a little girl. Deli meats made in house. Artisanal style. This is the real deal and we'll be back soon.
3	Had my first meal at Abe's (lunch).   I'm a big deli fan and am always looking for the east coast deli experience.  The service was well above average; being both friendly and fast.  The food was mediocre.  I had corned beef sandwich which was decent - but a bit dry, which was surprising since it had russian dressing and coleslaw on it.  The Kaiser roll wasn't great - which impacted the overall taste.  My friend ate a bagel with cream cheese & lox - said it was pretty good.  If I go back - I won't be ordering a deli sandwich...  but i'm not sure that I would go there again.
5	Second visit to Abe's last night - even better than the first!  One corned beef on rye and one center cut tongue on rye - two cups of delicious cabbage soup.  Lots of sour and half-sour pickles.  Everything was perfect!!  Much better than Chompies ever thought about being.  Took home a quater pound of lox - all hand sliced perfectly.  Abe's is really the best in the Phoenix area.
5	I only wish that I could have the whole menu in one sitting! What a great place, super nice, friendly and fast service, accommodate special requests quickly and with a smile and the god was fantastic. After a great Reuben, I splurged some calories on a cheesecake and - wow, probably the best cheesecake I ever had! Definitely will be a regular here!
5	Today my son and I tried Abe's of Scottsdale for brunch after church on the recommendation of my husband who knew that I had not had a good 'jewish style' deli meal since I lived in New York... Well he was right- until I checked out 'Abe's of Scottsdale'! When we arrived we were told that we would have to wait 15 minutes for a table (it was the height of lunch hour) but the wait was only 5 minutes. We had a very knowledgeable waiter, who answered our questions on an enormously 'meaty' menu of delightful Jewish deli sandwiches and other yummy breakfast and lunch foods. My son ordered cheese steak sub (big enough for TWO) and I had my favorite- matzo ball soup for an appetizer (made from scratch), with a delicious broth, huge and seasoned matzo ball and tons of chicken scattered throughout. Then I decided on whitefish salad on a salt bagel (I hadn't had since my New York days!!) and the helping of white fish was SOOO flavorfully delicious AND so huge that I will have another helping tomorrow on another bagel for lunch. I would recommend this place as 'the place' to eat not only 'jewish appetizing' but a great deli sandwich with generous size helpings in a great location (near Scottsdale and Shea).  PLUS, the owner was on hand to help us select the HOME MADE rugalech (which he sampled us for free:) YUM!)
5	I happened to be in the restaurant, placing my passover order, the day that previous reviewer "Carol L" was there. She was rude, impatient, and seemed to be looking for a problem. I have found Larry Abel to be professional, warm, helpful and generous. The food is delicious and everything a jewish deli should be and more! Larry and his staff filled our large passover order, checking and double checking to be sure we had everything we needed. We also ate in the restaurant the day we picked up the order and the food was delicious. The wait staff was equally charming and gracious. We will be back over and over again!Some people seem to just be looking for a problem. Life is too short to be so grumpy!
5	I just finished having breakfast at Abe's Deli. It was my second meal there in the last 48 hours (really my third if you count the leftovers I are yesterday).  If not for the weather (and the attitude) I'd swear I was in New York City!The corned beef and pastrami are terrific and the variety of the smoked fish available  (lox, sturgeon, sable) is amazing and delicious.  And, it's all prepared right on the premises. We couldn't eat everything on the menu but everything one would expect to find at an authentic Kosher-style restaurant was there!We talked to Larry, the owner, who was a real kick, and couldn't be nicer. A transplanted East-Coaster who really knows his business. If you're into Deli, Abe's is The Place!
5	Just completed the corned beef sandwich. Now, after trying all the big three meats (CB, Pastrami and Brisket), it is true that they know what they are doing here at Abe's. The corned Beef was clearly NY style, not deli-sliced, and was a perfect fit on the rye bread. The 6oz sandwich is pretty tall too and will clearly fill you up. Also sampled the steak fries and they put some paprika on top, but these needed a few more minutes in the oven to get them crispy. Bagels are still top-notch, no reason to go to any other Jewish deli at this point.
5	Outstanding! By far the best deli in the Phoenix area...this being said by one who grew up with the best Jewish delis in New York. The rye bread alone is worth the trip, as is the corned beef and the really rare roast beef. Great smoked fish, too: nova, lox, whitefish, sable and sturgeon...the real stuff! Excellent cole slaw, huge sandwiches, attentive and knowledgable service. Thanks, Larry, we wish you great success.
4	The best Jewish Delli in the northeast Vally. The Cloak &. Dagger gets it today!
4	Have had several favorites (of Mine!) from the menu and none have been disappointing.Service is excellent and finally an "East Coast Deli" here in The Valley. For those of us who have been here many years, it is easy to forget what a Great Deli in New York, Boston or Baltimore is like. Abe's will remind you.My choices:                  Gefilte Fish Appetizer - The BEST and beautifully served!                  Chopped Chicken Liver - Oh my, FABULOUS!                  Potato Latkes - Excellent                   Noodle Kugel - Just GREAT!                  Three Rueben Sliders - Enough for Lunch and it is an Appetizer!I really do NOT need the rest of the menu, but the Corned Beef is excellent as is the Brisket (although once it was a bit too dry).Maybe a little more generous with the pickles (two slices look pretty lonely on the place) which are excellent.A "go to place" for lunch, if you love "Deli!"
4	I work at a job that has me travel to Scottsdale several times per year, and mostly, I end up eating at either the hotel or a popular restaurant. With that in mind, I was surprised to find a large collection of delis. Abe's was recommended by an online blog as a great spot for Mother's Day. So, I called, found out they were sold out, but explained that I was from out of town and needed some help. I was talking to Larry himself and he said he would make it happen.We arrived and the staff was great! The display case had many home made smoked and cured meats. It looked wonderful!My wife ordered a lox plate, and I ordered a hollandaise salmon Benedict.My wife's meal was great! It came with latke's and chocolate covered strawberries. The bagel was perfectly chewy and dense. The cream cheese was wonderfully light. Overall, a great plate!My Benedict was to die for. The sauce was wonderful and perfectly seasoned. The salmon was smoked perfectly and salted wonderfully well. I loved it!The only improvement I can think of would be to control the fruit quality. The blueberries were wilted, and overall the fruit was bland.Finally, today I received a call from Abe's asking me about my experience! I was shocked, they called to ensure things went well! I'm going to be a regular and would recommend Abe's to those who want a great meal!
4	Pretty good food.  They are still new and it is evident that they are still figuring a few things out but overall the quality of food has been good!  I've had a few burgers, french toast and a wrap. I wish they would do something with the patio.  It is such an eye sore and waste of space.
5	As good as any New York deli.  Beats  all of the local deli' by far. If you are looking for a great place to eat, great service try Abe's
4	I was skeptical as the reviews have been so mixed.  However, my friends Suzi and Doc recommended it as they have good cheesecake.  I went for a CB san today and it was very good.  Best I have had since leaving NYC.  Elyse the waitress was terrific.  I am picking up my cheesecake on Sunday for the son-in-law.  I'll write another review after that.  The busser spoke English !  A real PLUS!  Good luck Larry!
4	Review number 400.  A milestone review because of it's number but also a special review as it was not only one of the best Jewish deli sandwiches I have had but the last meal I may have in quite a while with one of my friends who is moving away and have shared many meals with.Coming in at mid afternoon on a Sunday we were seated right away and our service remained top notch the entire time we we here.  Unlike most delis in the valley this is a full service restaurant and is priced a little higher.We shared a chopped liver plate which came with bread, onions and some other stuff.  It was good.  She had brisket and I had pastrami and corned beef on challa bread, which she had suggested to me after our last Jewish deli outing. I had planned on Sweet Republic afterward and no way was that going to happen.  All of our food items were great!
4	We found out about this place through Living Social, and we're so glad! The brisket was great, the turkey was great, the latkes were really good. The service was terriffic. I can't fathom why anyone would want to go to Chompie's for real deli when Abe's is in town. We can't wait to go back!
4	I sent two colleagues to Abe's after our fantastic meal there. They are now fans too. They raved about the pastrami/turkey, the pickles, and no wait for seating during weekday lunch hour.
4	We made a great choice to dine at Abe's while in Scottsdale for a family wedding. Did I mention the bride is a nice jewish girl from Long Island? Abe's might be as good as NY-style deli gets in Scottsdale, or all of Arizona for that matter. Dining with two recent University of AZ graduates wearing their UA t-shirts, Larry (the owner) immediately welcomed us with a shout out to "his" UA Wildcats (which was a little surprising since the restaurant interior sports the colors of the much closer ASU). Our server was quick, efficient and made spot-on suggestions. So let's get to the food already. The classic corned beef and pastrami on rye was, well, "classic." The meat was piled high and the rye bread fresh and tasty, served with potato salad that was also tasty. One of my "boys" ordered the pastrami knish sliders, a awesome combination of pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw served between two potato pancakes. A really interesting (and tasty) way to do sliders. And next up is where things get even more interesting. We also had a triple decker sandwich of pastrami, corned beef, cole slaw and Russian dressing on rye bread that elicits that "how am I going to eat this thing" sentiment when the plate is set down in front of you. Suffice It to say, we figured it out and it was damn good.Despite the fact that none of us had room for dessert, we split what must be the best dessert in town. A fudge brownie served with a scoop of ice cream, whipped cream and a cherry on top. Even though we were stuffed before dessert arrived, there was not a single bite remaining when we finished. Thanks to Larry and his staff for making a memorable weekend that much better with a really great meal.
2	Nice decor, good bagel, terrible service. 50 minutes to get 2 toasted bagels and a check.
5	Well, my wife and I went to Abe's prior to going to see a movie last week.  I had the corned beef sandwich, and the lovely lady had the Turkey dinner.  The corned beef was really good, and the ample supply of meat on this sandwich brings me back to my visits to NYC.  To be honest, it is not  "quite" as good, but better than the other delis in the valley (Chompie's, miracle Mile, etc.).The turkey dinner was excellent, and is now my go to place when I want Thanksgiving in July.  It was really really good, and while they do not shave it off the bird in front of you like at Miracle Mile, the flavor is actually better, and you get a much larger portion.  Better taste plus larger serving wins out every time, in our opinion.In regards to the service, we were waited on by a charming lad who might have been Scottish or Irish.  He was pretty busy, but still took the time to talk to us about the menu. It was a week ago...forgot his name. He encouraged us to come back, and was very enthusiastic about the menu.  Refills were prompt and he was courteous and funny.  Quite the charmer!All in all, we will return when we are craving authentic Jewish fare.  The ten dollar bowl of soup sounds a little high, pricewise, but our server told us it is totally worth it due to the amount of stuff they cram into that bowl. Cheers and good luck to this gem tucked away in north Scottsdale.  We will be recommending itto friends.
4	Stopped at Abe's before getting on board a long flight home.  Figured anything we would bring aboard would be better than anything we could get on the plane.  We're we right!!!  My wife had turkey pastrami on rye.  I had tongue and turkey on rye which I hadn't had in years.  Both sandwiches were wonderful.    We had the sides, Russian dressing, etc, all double wrapped in plastic and aluminum foil.I knew it was going to be good when I commented how nice the smoked fish looked.  The owner told me he gets it from Acme in Brooklyn?. That's why it looked so good.  Acme is the best.I'd sure go back if I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Had lunch at Abe deli today - sweet & sour cabbage soup and a hot tongue sandwich on rye bread.  Spectacular as always!!  Abe's is the best deli in Arizona and certainly as good as any in NYC, Chicago or L.A. (well, Brent's Deli in L.A. is great too!).  I will never understand how people eat at Chompie'sThe trip from Surprise to Scottsdale (50 minutes) just to eat at Abe's is always worth the time and effort.
5	Just returned from a great lunch with my Italian husband and Jewish son-in-law.  They are both deli connoisseurs. They both loved their sandwiches.  I had a reuben that was so big, I brought half home.  I come from back East where ethnic bakeries make the best desserts.  Well, after tasting Abe's homemade apple strudel, heated with caramel on the side  - OMG - I am returning for this alone.  We also tasted the homemade rugelach. I savored the yummy strawberry and the guys inhaled the chocolate.The generous portions, amazing desserts and very friendly staff made our visit most pleasant. We will definitely be repeat customers!
5	I have been a regular at Chompies for the last few years and I never thought I would find another Jewish Deli in the Valley that I love, until I came to Abe's. I have been here a few times now with the wife and her family, and I am hooked. The pastrami is amazing, portions are huge, and the slides are terrific. The Ruben Sliders are amazing, as is the Ruben. Abe is a really nice guy who takes pride in his work. I have to say what makes Abe's better then the other deli's here is the desert. The apple Strudel is made in house, and it is the most amazing sticky crumbly texture. The rugelach are moist, and the flavors are great.
3	We ordered several box lunches for our team. Here's the shakedown:Oven roasted turkey on challah bread - very good, challah bread was unusually dry, but after adding mayo and mustard it was A-OK. Plus there is a TON of deliciously roasted bird-meat on the sandwich, so that of course makes it better. Chicken Caeasr salad AND Steak Caesar salad both were very popular.Corned Beef sandwich was reportedly VERY flavorful and was a big hit with our resident Irish chap.Tuna Salad Wrap was godawful. Apparently, the tuna had turned and was described as rancid. Lame. :(The star of the show was the rugelach (second only to the brownie). I would go back just for that yummy dessert. The flavor of the pastry around the delightful dark chocolate and fruit preserves was fabulous.
5	We have been wanting to try Abe's and finally did so Sunday.  Wow!!!   The other Scottsdale delis better watch out!  Although the menu is not as large as Chompie's or NYBB, everything we tasted was outstanding.  My husband is a "purist" and ordered a pastrami/corned beef combo.  The meats were lean, flavorful and perfectly warm.  It was served on fresh rye bread that must come from NY or Chicago.  I decided to try to raise my cholesterol and ordered the tongue/chopped liver sandwich.  I have never had such thinly sliced tongue, with little fat.  It was piled on the moist Challah and completed with a large portion of excellent chopped liver.  The liver was mild and mixed with sauteed onions.  YUM!!!   The sandwiches are huge and we each took half home.  The complimentary pickles and pickled tomatoes were flavorful and just as they should be.   Service was outstanding:  Sean, our Irish server checked back frequently and made sure beverages were filled.  The restaurant is immaculate and tastefully decorated ---- I can only imagine how busy Abe's will be once the winter residents return ---it will be worth the wait!
1	Decided to try Abe's for breakfast. After reading all of the wonderful Yelp reviews I figured how could we go wrong!? Well, I don't know what everyone else ate, but we went very wrong. I ordered the nova, eggs, and onion for breakfast as did my dad. We get this all the time everywhere we go and never have I had "fishy" lox. It smelled so bad I was afraid to try it and when I did I realized that it tasted just as bad. I could not finished it and exchanged it for egg whites made without butter and bacon. The egg whites came soaked in butter with bacon that had a weird "irony" taste. My dad felt the same way about his food. After all of this the waitress felt bad and brought a brownie for me to take home, but honestly after I ordered egg whites I couldn't eat due to being smothered in butter, the last thing I wanted was a brownie...I would never ever recommend this place to anyone, especially when Butterfields is down the street.
5	So, I planned everything for my daughters Bat Mitzvah and of course waited to the week prior to contact Abe's Deli to cater for 50 people at our house on Sunday.  Larry, (the owner) couldn't have done a better job.  The food was fresh and delicious!  The presentation was of the finest I have seen.  I picked it up early Sunday laid it out when I got home and it looked awesome.   We had tuna fish, white fish, egg salad and all of it was perfect.   The bagels were yummy and the sweats WOW!  They crushed it for us!  This is as good as it gets in AZ.
1	Tried it over the weekend, as I usually go to another 'very-near-by' bagel and bialy place, just to see the competition, you can tell they are trying to poach customers from this other near-by deli.Had a bagel and lox, to start, as it's pretty much a standard for a 'jewish' bakery. The nova was really bad, very slimy and smelled 'too' fishy for lox. Cream cheese was fine, tomatoes looked maybe a day or two old. And my bagel was undercooked on the inside. I picked at it but was not happy.For my main dish I got the Rueben, which was pretty good. Nothing bad to note, but not the best I've had.My wife got an omelet which was very over cooked... brown 'crunchy' eggs, rubbery texture. Just no good. After notifying the waitress, we felt like we were being judged and her attitude was on the cusp of rude, saying, "Well do you want me to get you a new one or not?" normally not a rude sentence, but with her attitude you could tell this wasn't the first plate sent back this morning.Really sad this place was a dud, as the prices looked pretty good for the neighborhood.Abe's website says, "Finally an alternative" I disagree... There is a reason other places have been around for 20+ years. I'm going to stick to my normal bagel and bialy place right across the street. tl;dr Don't chance it and Skip Abe's.
4	Came for breakfast during a Saturday Nike ride. Hope we can ride home after all the food. Had the lox and eggs and onions. Great fast and friendly service even with a coupon. Lots of lox and sure seemed like more than two eggs, too, and still hot. My wife had just scrambled and also felt it was more than two eggs. We don't do these kind of breakfasts usually but this will be our place when we do. Always remember to tip on the pre-coupon amount!
4	Everyone at work had lunch from here and we were all pleasantly surprised at the good quality of the food. a little expensive for everyday and they didn't have a delivery driver but pick up was quick and easy. Will go back again!
3	We went to Abe's recently for a weeknight dinner and then returned a few weeks later for breakfast on a Saturday morning.  For dinner, I found the roast turkey & dressing completely underwhelming.  Big thick slices of warmed deli turkey served w/ cranberry sauce.  Not a fan of the dressing, overpowered by the excessive seasoning (sage??) and the gravy didn't help.  Steamed veggies were on the bland side but edible.  On a positive note, the potato pancakes served w/ applesauce and sour cream were excellent. On our return visit, I had the breakfast special w/ eggs, bagel & cream cheese, and coffee for $5.99 - add bacon or other meat for a couple more $$.  They delivered a very good breakfast in a relaxed and enjoyable environment.  They don't open until 8am so if you are an early riser, cool your heels for an hour or so.On both visits, the service was excellent, very friendly and efficient.  This place is cavernous and had plenty of empty tables both times.  Very comfortable booths and tables, nice decor.  Lots of TVs so you can view your favorite game or whatever.  Won't be back for dinner but we will definitely go back for breakfast.
5	Went to Abes this last Sat am with some friends to try it out. Was really impressed! The owner (Larry) greeted us at the door and made us feel like family. Breakfast was really good, the potatoes and eggs spot on!The breakfast was so good, we came back for lunch on Sunday. Even better, they now have tables outside on the patio. Service was really good.
5	Thanks to Living Social we finally had a chance to try out Abe's Deli.  I'm glad we did too!  Here's what we ordered over 3 visits:Cloak & Dagger (Corned Beef, Slaw, Russian Dressing), $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=qkYptzmpXZ66QxVmP2enLw#qkYptzmpXZ66QxVmP2enLwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=JSAAw0tDIsBhTU4STwSaAw#JSAAw0tDIsBhTU4STwSaAwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=vZ7O2zJpGIcnbrMpHNQrmw#vZ7O2zJpGIcnbrMpHNQrmwThree Rueben Sliders (Corned Beef, Pastrami, Brisket) w/Baby Latkes, $8.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=jXkqhpBwqsvu1GCR2-IxCg#jXkqhpBwqsvu1GCR2-IxCghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=OANYsljo-G6fNuBm2twZMg#OANYsljo-G6fNuBm2twZMghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=y6FsGUffGmNMGRMR0aHT-Q#y6FsGUffGmNMGRMR0aHT-QSalami Sandwich, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=EmW1c5CH-tvn5kUbjiRxUQ#EmW1c5CH-tvn5kUbjiRxUQBacon Cheddar Burger, $11http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=15UB3LX_1HaJCe2tk0EBRA#15UB3LX_1HaJCe2tk0EBRALatkeshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/abes-of-scottsdale-deli-restaurant-scottsdale?select=MOVjS51hXWCQmT-367uouQ#MOVjS51hXWCQmT-367uouQThe Cloak & Dagger Sandwich and the Rueben Sliders are unbelievable!  They're sooo good and addicting!  The benchmark for me is "do I crave the Sandwich after I've had it?"....the answer for both of them is "yes".I did force myself to try a couple other items, just so I didn't get stuck on those 2.  The Burger is very good and so is the Latkes.  The Salami Sandwich, not so much....but that's because it's so plain compared to the other Sandwiches I've had.Service here is ok, not great....but the food is phenomenal.  One of my new fav's in town.Return Factor - 100%
5	This place is amazing. We had the Reuben on the latke. BEST SANDWICH EVER. Do yourself a favor and eat it! Try the pickles and salads too. Service was great.
5	My wife and I just decided on a quick soup and half sandwich and Abe's was the place. The kreplach soup was wonderful and the brisket on rye with a slice of Swiss made the meal almost too much to eat. My wife had matzo ball soup and a corned beef on rye and she also struggled to finish. This was our third visit and gotta say Abe's prices are quite a bit better then their unnamed competition in the valley. If you're craving some real Jewish deli food this is the place. Coming from Chicago good Jewish food is not easy to find in Arizona so Abe's got me as a customer for a long time to come.Shout out to our waitress Shayne who is a sweetheart.
5	This the best deli in Arizona by far!  Been here about a half dozen times and the food gets better with each visit.  I had small center cut tongue on rye and my wife had the corned beef reuben.  Both were delicious and a lot to eat.  Great cole slaw as well.  This is the only deli we will ever go to - even though it's a 50 minute drive from home!!
5	Although we have had lunch and/or dinner several times at Abe's, today was the first time for breakfast.  And what a great breakfast it was!!  Four of us - each had something different and everyone said their choice was great!We always enjoy our times at Abe's and we will continue to go there even though it is about a 50 minute drive
5	Food. AAmbiance. A  (for a deli)Service. AParking. AFirst time visit for lunch and we really like it.  The food was great.  Lean, tender corned beef.  Like the interior and it's nice clean newer look.  Had lunch last week at a very well known nearby deli and after about 6 meals there, we will definitely switch over to this place when we want Jewish food.
5	My family and I decided to give Abe's a chance tonight (we usually go to Chombie's) and we absolutely loved it. In fact, I am upset we haven't discovered the wonderful atmosphere and mouth-watering food sooner.
1	Had lunch today, ordered a pastrami on rye, sandwich came and was very fat and salty and the meat seemed like it was sitting in a Luke warm steamer for hours. I wouldn't recommend their meat thought it was awful not worth any price. My wife and I are visiting Scottsdale and have eaten at a bunch of Jewish style delis and this was the first one that was not worth returning to.p
3	This place really wants to be as good as Chompie's but it just isn't. It's really large and almost always empty. That should sort of say it all. The food is ok, the service is ok too but nothing about this place made me leave wanting to return or tell people about it eagerly.
3	Great service.  Large portions.  A bit tricky to find the place in the dark but it's worth it.
3	I've been to Abe's for breakfast and for lunch. I got an Italian hoagie, which was great, except that it was nearly $10. As someone who grew up in Philly, I KNOW hoagies. And no hoagie should cost more than $8 MAX. The breakfast experience was similar. I had a bagel (which was soft and fresh), with a generous helping of cream cheese and lox...the same breakfast I usually get from NY Bagel & Bialy....but it was a bit more expensive. Overall, I would recommend Abe's, but only if NYBB is a full house.
1	Abe's is closed. Drove across town only to discover construction crews tearing out all the equipment.
1	Stopped by for breakfast on Saturday morning and found them locked up tight.  Sadly Abe's has closed.
5	He is an idiot! Why... He went out of business and we miss that guy. Errrr! Heard he moved and boy oh boy it's even worse.  He needs to pick an area where he can strive.
1	it's closed!  i'm bummed out.  best deli i found in the area.it's closed.  it's closed.  it's closed. it's closed
4	We go to Abe's on a weekly basis for breakfast.  We are greeted and seated promptly in their stylish, comfortable and extremely clean dining room.  While many things on the menu are good, we are particular fans of the wonderfully priced breakfast sandwiches - eggs, meat, cheese, or lox combos you can order many ways on all different kinds of bread.  My husband is consistent with his generously portioned nova lox on a bagel, while I get my eggs scrambled with muenster cheese on rye bread.  All are served with a side of fruit.  A great meal for a reasonable price.  The challah french toast, blintzes and apple strudel all are good choices as well.We will continue to visit Abe's on a regularly - it's a favorite!
