5	Don't even get me started. Cause I can go for a while. As a Phoenix native and lifetime Suns fan, yeah, I'm probably a bit biased, but all I'm saying is that the Suns represent everything that is great about the sport of basketball. They reinvented run and gun. The late 90's and early 00's (millies? oh-oh's? whatever) were dominated by Tim Duncan/Pistons style defensive and half court basketball. Fundamentally, it is perfectly sound and effective. As a viewer though, it is not nearly as entertaining or enjoyable as what Steve Nash and the boys bring to the table. The Showtime Lakers and even, to an extent, Bird era Celtics were what popularized basketball in the post Pete Maravich period. Michael Jordan solidified that athleticism and otherworldly leaping skills could change the way the game was played. The Suns recreated the spark that has been gone for more than ten years now. People are awake again. The second coming of Jordan didn't come in any of the hosts that we suspected it might, and ultimately never arrived at all. Instead, what did it was Nashball. Now, non-sports people are talking, becoming more knowledgable about the game, just to keep up. And not just in Phoenix: the Suns, I would argue have become the team for people without a team. Don't believe me? Listen to espn.com writer Bill Simmons, a die hard Celtics fan without much to cheer for this year, in his article "Thank you for the Suns": http://proxy.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?page=simmons/070117I hope they win it all this spring. For obvious reasons, and less obvious ones, too. I think they should be rewarded for revitalizing a dying sport. Not with steroids or Jordanesque leaping skills, but by bringing back what made it all work to begin with.
5	Even if you're not a Suns fan (which I most certainly am), these guys are just fun to watch! They're the perfect team: Nash, Marion, Stoudemire, Barbosa, Bell, Diaw, Thomas and the gang...even D'Antoni makes the team hot. They're quick, exciting and they have great sportsmanship....an extremely entertaining class act!It's no wonder that Nash was named MVP 2 years in a row!___________________2/6/08So long Marion...you'll be missed! Heelllloooooo SHAQ! Welcome to the team!
5	Better luck next year guys.  The Phoenix Suns are the pride of Arizona when it comes to professional sports.  Let's face it, we have some pretty sorry sports teams here.  They're the only local team (a star studded team loaded with talent) that actually wins consistently, and they're a class act on & off the court.Cheers to the Suns - my second favorite basketball team (close second).
5	OF COURSE five stars for the Phoenix Suns! I'm psyched I can Yelp about them! Born and raised in Arizona I was taught to support the suns from a young age. I always had fun going to the games when I was young, and I still do! Going to a game is great way to have fun, and I guarantee the suns put on a great game weather they win or lose. Obviously I'm disappointed about our recent loss, but they are still an awesome team! The games as I mentioned are really really fun, and the ticket costs are not to jacked up! As far as Arizona goes The Phoenix Suns are definitely the best team in the state hands down!
5	ALL HAIL BLACK JESUS!!!one day Amare will overcome Stern's terrible league and its mafia-endorsed referees and finally deliver us to the promised land. keep the faith! bow down all pretenders to the crown!!!!!!!LOCAL SPORTS!!!!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZjPnqzq_E0&mode=related&search=
5	Since 1993... that's how long I've been a Phoenix fan. Yes, since the days of KJ, Barkley, Ainge, Majerle and coach Paul Westphal. Sure, it may have been the beginning of "the Barkley era," but to me, it was the beginning of something better: a team worth watching. C'mon, cut me some slack. I was 13. How many 13 y/o teenage girls do you know who stay up late to watch NBA playoffs? Well, I certainly did. (It's also the year I discovered Chipper Jones and the Braves, but let's not go there.)1993 was also the year I visited Phoenix and saw the arena. I was star-stuck. It was massive to me. 360 degrees of seats. And one was all mine!Now, in 2007/08, we're in "the Steve Nash and the Run n' Gun era," which is just as exciting to me. Sure, I may be 14 years older, but that doesn't mean I've lost any excitement or appreciation for a great basketball team who displays showmanship and skill. Not to mention they each have their own unique personality and bring a little "sumptin sumptin" to the team. Steve Nash. Raja Bell. Grant Hill, Amare Stoudemire and Shawn Marion.... Don't tell me this isn't the most talented team in the league. (Only thing missing is my guy, Dirk. Don't hate. He's one of the best players in the league and a nice guy. I've met him.) 2006 was the first year I was able to go to a real-life Suns game. It was so much fun. I look forward to snaggin' another seat and going again, especially now that I don't have a bedtime and I can drink legally during the games. Good times!
5	One of my favorite things about Phoenix. Can we finally win a championship though?
4	Man, I remember when I used to want Hill's Fila shoes back when I was in 6th grade.. Hahah... Annnyhhoooots...The Suns may have a few  "all star status" players: Stoudemire, Bell, Hill, Nash...and now... Shaq....  but they were still unable to defeat the young, the beautiful... Golden State Warriors.. Man, weren't they unstoppable or what??? Regardless, I'll admit, The Suns has a pretty good line-up which is why I'm giving them 4 stars. Question is.. was it worth trading Marion?? I guess we'll just have to wait and see.....Btw - Is it just me, or does Bell look like a younger version of Barack Obama???
5	My Suns.  As a child, I watched Jeff Hornacek and Tom Chambers take apart the Pacific Division only to fizzle in the playoffs.  As an adolescent, I watched a rotating cast of Barkley, Johnson, Kidd, Finley, et al give their best shot at getting out of the West in one piece.  As an adult, I pull my hair watching the current version of Phoenix's own scratch their heads on defense.The Suns have never won a title and I really don't care.  For the duration of my life, the moments that have stuck with me have been positive.  Hornacek's silky smooth jumper.  Chambers climbing the ladder.  Barkley embarrassing David Robinson.  KJ absolutely embarrassing Hakeem.  Chapman saying a prayer and having it answered.  Nash finding the open man in heavy traffic.  Hell, even Gar Heard's buzzer-beater at the Garden.  According to my birth certificate, I was minus-seven years old, but I've watched the clip enough times to make it my own.  No matter that we lost the game, the shot sticks with me.In Phoenix, we like winners.  When the Cardinals or Diamondbacks falter, support dwindles quickly.  The Suns are our team, though, and I'm proud to say it.
5	For the past few season that we've had Steve Nash, you can't buy a better brand of basketball.  Sure no championships have been hung, but from an entertainment stand point we're at the top.
5	Season starting tonight, go suns!!!! shine over the league.
2	Bad trade today.................
5	I love going to the Suns games. The suns are one the the NBA's most exciting teams year in and year out and the games are generally sold out so you are sure to some rocking and rolling in the arena. The Suns also have had some of the best NBA players grace the hardwood floors from Steve Nash, to Connie Hawkins the list is almost endless. If you have time to make it to a game you will not be let down. Oh yeah the Suns are also one of the winning'est franchises in the game so you will probably see a W.
2	Please know that this is killing me to give my team 2 stars.  But everyone who is giving them 5 stars needs to get serious.  This review is not about the arena, its staff, or even the game night experience.  This review is strictly about the team, if I can even call them that anymore.As a die hard Suns fan who's had season tickets for 7 years, it is difficult for me to even begin to describe what a roller coaster ride it has been.  We started off terrible with no leadership, traded for Nash which breathed new life into us and sent us off running, and now we're slow and losing again, virtually eliminating all traits of what used to make us so exciting.  That's a pretty quick time period to turn a complete about face and then back again, don't you think?The real reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because they are playing with no heart, the most insulting thing professional athletes can do to their fans.  The lack of focus, passion, unity, and determination make it difficult for me to even watch a game in its entirety on tv now.  The season ticket holders in my section don't even know what to say to each other anymore.  We all just kind of shake our heads in shame.The only real saving grace for me has been the unexpected stellar play of Shaq, someone that was originally intended to be part of the supporting cast, not a major player.  The kind of ball he is playing is reminiscent of his time in LA, except now the man can make free throws...kinda makes my head spin : )  His intensity has been off the charts, but I couldn't blame him for wanting to jump ship after this season, to go join a team that is actually hungry, a team that actually wants to win rather than bitch and moan in the locker room about playing time and paychecks.Instead, we fans will be forced to continue to listen to Amare whine about not being recognized as one of the premier superstars in the league like Lebron, even though he hasn't produced all year.  We'll have to watch Nash continue to cry and wipe away his tears because the big bad management group got rid of his favorite coach and traded his best friend Raja Bell, boo freaking hoo (I thought this was a business and these were grown men, obviously I was mistaken, ) as we're all forced to rally around Shaq and practical unknowns like Lou Amundson, who can't shoot a jump shot to save his life, but at least goes out there and hustles.Believe you me, there is nothing I'd rather do than be able to update this review in the future with some positivity and more stars but that would involve them finding some collective identity and sense of urgency.And with a home game tonight against the Spurs, I'm not optimistic...
3	I love this team, but really.  Someone needs to help them, big time.
5	Moved from Buffalo, NY to Phoenix, AZ just in time for the '05 playoffs.  I was never an NBA fan till I moved out here and saw the Suns on a regular basis.  Almost 5 years later and I bleed orange!!!Goooo Suns!!!
5	I am a huge Suns fan but my review is about the fundraising options that the Suns have to offer as well as their back-office staff.First and foremost, talk about a professional, classy organization. Whether you have fundraising experience or are a total novice, the staff treats you like you are the only group they are working with. My contact is Kyle Pottinger and he is always a gentleman. No matter what questions I have, he always answers them promptly and never makes me feel like I'm bothering him. The fundraising process is easy and the tickets practically sell themselves because who doesn't want the chance to purchase discounted tickets? The process is easy and the rewards can be lucrative depending on the target audience you are working with. The Suns will treat you professionally and courteously. You won't be disappointed.
3	I've always wondered how far an aging Steve Nash could take a team, and now I know; to the hump, just not over it.I have no problem admitting that Nash is one of the top three point guards in the league (CP3 and D. Williams) but when will he get some help?  Amare has been playing like a man possessed, but the clock is ticking and I'm not sure if he will resign with so many younger teams with WAY more money out there.A few years ago, the Suns were the most entertaining team to watch in the league.  A fired coach, and a blown up team later, they have been reduced to cannon fodder for the Lakers, Nuggets, or Jazz....A crying shame for all Suns loyalists.
5	It's not just the Steve Nash era as throughout their history they have been a fun team to watch. From the start with Dick Van Arsdale to the '76 Finals with Alvan Adams to the KJ and Barkley run to the '93 Finals, they always seem to have likable teams and players. The original and '90s cool logos, the whole purple look (I could do without the current alterna orange, a very rabid fan base and the Suns are now my #1 team (yes, I've converted 100% thanks to OKC stealing my Sonics).
5	I have found that win or loose their games are super entertaining.  Living downtown I starting just attending a few games here and there....and for the 2010-11 season I took the plunge and got me just one REALLY GOOD season seat in The Club.  I am just 18 rows up from the court.  You'll find me there with my jersey or my cap, keeping the Suns in check, shouting "Defense" or hollaring at the officials for bad calls.  GO SUNS!!
5	I love going to games here, that staff are always so friendly and Suns are always fun to watch, even though sometimes they break your heart.
4	Went to a Suns game with a friend and had a blast.  The fans were all cheering for the home team and they delivered a win!  I'm not a fan of the team, but love NBA basketball, so there was no way I was going to miss the game.  The crowd was a lot of fun and didn't give opposing fans too much grief in the stands, unlike other cities.  Steve Nash is an incredible player and puts in a lot of effort pre-game to get ready to play....it's no wonder he's one of the best point guards to play the game.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SfkPbEnDtc1EVTjuS0DDUw?select=qnf3nH3qfObznA_Koxhb0Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SfkPbEnDtc1EVTjuS0DDUw?select=meT5rGbElmR9amJM8oEwKQOverall, it was good times.Return Factor - 100%
4	I'm currently a 3 time season ticket holder. The Phoenix Suns are my passion. When it's game time, I'm at the stadium (see that Dukeness, yeah that's right), or near a TV with it muted and listening to the play by play from Al McCoy. They have the entertainment down to a science. I believe how the organization services the fans has got to be one of the best in the league. Even before being a season ticket holder, I always enjoyed going to games sooo much. On the court, the Suns for the last few years have always entertained. The Nash-Stoudemire duo had so much potential for so long. But this is where they lose a star. The ownership has driven this team into the ground. I hope Saver monitors Yelp reviews and I get a letter of apology from him for doing what he did. Alas, my love for the Suns transcends ownership, players, even the stupid lock out that prevented me from watching live basketball in November. Something about seeing all that orange around, seeing the team introduced with the awesome intro videos, and enjoying a win in the Purple Palace always keeps me coming back. I'll always be a fan, ride or die, but if they don't fix what the're putting on the court, I might have to take a break from buying season tickets.
4	At least they are playing again. Nash is always exciting to watch. Grant Hill and Shannon Brown are awesome additions to the team for 2012. Let's have a good season!
2	The nasty youngster working at the Wetzell's Pretzel counter ruined it man.  She was all pissed at me because she misheard my order and I bothered her to give me the right kind of pretzel.  Lame.  Grow up little girl.  Rude.....
5	Class entertainment! Fun and more fun. My first Suns game ever was against the Timberwolves and I loved every second of it. The stadium and the people and game and entertainment were top notch.Seeing the Suns and enjoying all the entertainment that goes with it was totally worth it and I hope to be back again soon! I liked that there are plenty of restrooms, they value the history of the team by honoring former greats and coaches along the walls with historical plaques. They have $1.50 foods on some of the concession menus, which is nice if you just do not want to fork over $5.00 for a hot dog. The Suns seem to get it right here. I have been to only two NBA arenas, but I go to plenty of baseball events and I was impressed by the efficiency and setup of this place. I never felt too crowded coming in or leaving so the flow of the arena was perfect. The cheerleaders are cute, too :o) Go Suns!
5	Ok, how can it get any better?  Hanging out in a Suite, free beer, food and of course a Suns win, didn't look that way early in the game but the Suns came thru in the 2nd half of the game.  Go Suns!
5	If you are Facebook friends with me you know that I love going to Suns games, I live for them.  It is a great way to have fun if you can get great seats, it feels like you are in the game since the court is not to big like in football or baseball.  I love row 9 or lower in the lower level sections (as long as it is not on the ends of the basket).  Toyota club is a little pricey for decent food that is included along with free bud, bud light, red and white wine, and sodas also included.  Toyota club is the first regular 6 rows in the 6 sections (101-103 & 113-115).  The black seats are sick! since they are on the floor and include an awesome buffet with access to where the Suns players enter and exit.  Also highly recommend going to a game when you are using crutches, I went to customer service and they will wheel chair you to your seat and actually go through the same tunnels under the arena that the players use (It was fricken awesome since we standing next to Shaq that game!).  Good lower level tickets start at about $80 and go up to about $200 and if you want the black seats you better take out a mortgage if you don't go to an off-game during the week and find the tickets on Craiglist....
4	GO team.
3	Watching the Suns post-Nash and Cleveland post-Lebron was a little sad. Looked more like a sloppy college game to me. Anyway, we enjoyed the nachos and the crowd. Highlight of the night was getting caught in the rain waiting on a passing train to let us get back to where we had parked (apparently on the wrong side of the tracks).
4	We got to about 1/4 of the Sun's games and are fortunate enough to sit in the 2nd row.  Being so close to the action means you don't talk - you are sucked in to the game!  I have never considered myself a sports fan until going to the Sun's.  If this review were based on how Sarver runs the team or how the team is doing, it obviously would not be 4 stars.  Yes, I miss the Nash-Stoudemire duo and their pick n roll moves but, there is still a lot of great entertainment.  I know I am in the minority but, I continue to hope that the team will gel and we are within a trade or two of actually being there.  In the meantime, based purely on entertainment value, we always have a great time going to the Sun's games.
3	OK I admit it. Right now it is hard to be a fan of the Phoenix Suns. The team has been dismantled and mismanaged and it is pretty easy to shake a finger at ownership for destroying a team that might not have ever won a championship but they did win a lot of games, were always in the playoffs and were really fun to watch. Sadly, I must confess I usually go to the games now to see the other team's stars. Sitting behind the visitor's bench makes that a whole lot more interesting too. Before you get on my case about being a fair-weather fan, I should tell you my family has had these seats for 42+ years and I think there are now only about 100 people that have had season tickets longer than us. The Suns' win/loss record does not determine if I like going to games. It does have an effect on how easy it is to sell tickets to the games I can't go to, though, and that is becoming a sensitive issue to me. My biggest complaint is that ticket prices have not dropped along with the quality of the team. At some point I hope supply and demand kick in and forces the prices down. Unfortunately, I will want to go to watch the Suns no matter what the prices are and it will only mean that I will want to sell a few more of my season tickets to reduce the pain level. The superfan side of me wants to try and convince you to go to more games and the logical side wants you to stay home so they have to drop the ticket prices to get more butts in the seats. You can buy a pretty awesome home theater and big screen to watch the games on for the price of season tickets, though, and cherry pick the games you want to go to off of Craigslist. The tickets are now almost four times more expensive than what they were when my dad made me the lucky guy that gets to pay for the tickets. I still love going to the games but the "value" part of the equation is definitely not there for me. You just gotta love going to the games for the experience instead of the W's and the L's. Now if I were the guy cherry picking seats at discount prices instead of paying full price for season tickets, then my attitude might be different. At least I don't have to worry about getting gouged on tickets for the Lakers games and then having to listen to all the obnoxious Laker's fans at OUR OWN home games. Shut up already! Right? Occasionally I do get a surprise that is worth more than the price of admission like the time Jerry Buss happened to be sitting in the seats right in front of us with one of his young hotty girlfriends. He was actually a cool guy and we teased him the whole game and he played along.  So, I am going to play it safe, give the Suns 3 stars and let you decide if the season tickets are worth it or if the cherry picking plan is a better strategy. In off years like this, the latter probably makes more sense. If they ever get hot again and add a couple superstars, the former may be better but I can only imagine what they will do with ticket prices in that case. I hope they remember the loyal people that hung in there and paid the silly ticket prices when they really needed us to.Go Suns...I think.
2	Although I'm a Lakers fan, I go to a lot of Suns games because I love to watch basketball.  I'm a big fan of basketball.  This season, the Suns have delivered a subpar product to people attending the games.- Fire a popular coach like Alvin Gentry, why? It's not his fault that the team doesn't have the fire power to keep up with 1/2 the league.- Get rid of Suns legend Dan Majerle too...?!  That's beyond nuts.- Let Nash go for peanuts...?!  (BTW - thanks guys)- They generally play 3 to 3.5 good qtr's of basketball before collapsing.  They played Miami and Dallas at US Airways that way.  The exception was when they closed out the Lakers and actually won a game they normally lose this year.  That saved them from a 1 Star review.I hope the team gets their act together and produces some consistently good basketball soon.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great game.  Suns V. Lakers & the Suns won.  Beat L.A.!
5	I had a very nice experience at my first Suns game recently.  Sadly I have lived in Phoenix since 1975, you'd think I'd have been to a game sooner than 2013.  I am dissapoint too...  The action was face paced, the facility was clean and welcoming and the employees we encountered were all very friendly and accomodating.  The game and cheerleaders were very entertaining and overall I had a very nice time!  My only complaint was the high prices and long wait for drinks in the mezzanine level bar.   In fact the waitress forgot my drink, and I had to walk up to the bar and place the order myself.  (Oh well, that truly is a first world problem!)PS:  Anyone else ever notice the the word SUNS on the basketball court floor is an ambigram and can be read from either side of the court?  Me neither!  You're welcome.
1	Bulls beat ya 4-2 in the Finals. Barkley was sour
4	Ok, Ok....Yes, I am from Southern California, and yes, I am a born and raised Laker Fan, but more importantly I am a lover of basketball, period. So now that  that's out of the way, I can give my opinion on the Phoenix Suns. I have lived in Phoenix  for a while now, I even lived in downtown Phoenix when they "almost" got a championship, but before I met my husband I really had no opinion on the Suns. The day I met Eric, I broke him the news of my allegiance and luckily for me, it wasn't a deal breaker for him. The hard core Suns fan let it slide which I guess is a big deal because apparently the Lakers are their main rivals. Since Eric has had season tickets I have had the pleasure of going to basically all of the home games. The stadium is nice, I have only watched basketball games at the Staples Center before, so it seems a lot smaller than I expected. I feel like that isn't a bad thing, it makes it more intimate (and the nosebleed seats aren't too bad). The halftime entertainment needs some help, but every once in a while there are good acts. The staff is very nice and the usher always remembers us and greets us like friends. We get to meet the players every year because we have season tickets so that is pretty damn awesome. The team is in its rebuilding years so it is interesting to see what they have planned. I admire the Suns fans that have hung in there during their crappy years (really crappy), I get it because the Lakers have their ups and downs too. The next draft could potentially be a game changer for the Suns for sure, so I am not counting them out just yet. They have put up new jumbo trons and Carl's Jr is now their sponsors so that's awesome because I love them. I love going into the Blue Moon Club because you get great seats, free food and free beer, can't beat that with a baseball bat! The team shop is great, I told Eric I was going to the bathroom and I had them make a custom jersey for him, and when we were walking past the team shop it was hanging up on display, last name in view, really made the surprise. We have our "house divided" games when the Lakers play the Suns and that brings the craziness, I try really hard to stay calm and control my anger issues lol, but its healthy competition. I will always be a Laker girl in my heart, but in second place are the Phoenix Suns.
5	The original Phoenix sports franchise is still a great time. Yes, they're a young team this year and don't have many big names, but going to a game at US Airways Center is always a good time. And speaking of the arena, the Suns and the City have done a great job of keeping it updated.NBA basketball is still one of the most exciting sports to watch and watching it in person is always great, so get out and go see a game. You'll enjoy it!
5	Best team, best fans! Love our Suns. Always a great time watching them play. BeastMode this season. Dragic deserves to be an AllStar!
3	An entertaining franchise for most of its existence.  But could never get over the hump to be that elite team..  Successful teams in the early 90s, nice run and gun team in the 21st century.  Tough conference, solid franchise.
3	As an avid sports fan I've always wanted to attend an NBA game, hearing nothing but positive things regarding the atmosphere and fast action.  After being offered tickets to the Phoenix Suns weekend game against the Memphis Grizzlies, I decided to attend and finally experience what I had been missing.As a venue, the US Airways Center is an excellent gym, as the floors and artwork reflect a sleek and modern look.  The team is very energetic, and although they lack a premier superstar, they generally are competitive when facing the majority of other teams.  The team shop has a number of different apparel options, and there is quite the variety as far as snacks and meals.On the downside, I was taken aback by how rude the staff was during my time at the US Airways Center.  At most professional or collegiate sporting events, I find that the staff members are polite and energetic, and generally will help with any requests that come up.  However, when I kindly asked to have my picture taken with my father by an employee, I was rudely turned away, as she claimed that she was busy, although she was doing nothing other than standing at one of the section entrances.  In addition, I was waved away by another employee as I asked about the location of my seats.Another negative is the high pricing of food and drinks at the venue.  I understand that the majority of professional teams will have high prices for their food, but it seemed as though the organization had priced theirs even higher than normal.Overall, I was disappointed with the experience as a whole.  While the team was exciting to watch, the attitude of the staff, combined with the excessive costs of snacks, made the game a mediocre experience.  If there's nothing else in town that night, then the Suns will suffice.  Otherwise, I recommend finding one of the many other events that the city of Phoenix has to offer during your stay.
5	Such a fun team to watch and getting better all the time. This team will bring you to your feet with exciting plays.
