1	Overpriced buffets....checkOverpriced drinks......checkTight paying Slot machines..... checkLines of people 3 deep behind the penny slots.....checkValet drivers rifle through your vehicle......checkTheir club cards rarely work......checkI think you get the general vibe of this place.Where do I CHECK OUT!!
5	This morning my husband had the Sunday Brunch Buffet and we were very impressed .  We went to the desk to pay for the buffet (approx $15 ea) and the young lady asked if we had "member's cards"....  we said "No" and she said that if we applied for them that it would entitle each of us to a $20 voucher and a $20 voucher for slot play.  We went over and applied.... took about 5 mins... and went back to enjoy one of the better buffets that we've ever had.  It was a good variety and  everything was fresh, hot & tasty.  The only negative was the scrambled eggs were dry but I find that the case on all buffets.  Plus we also were served ice cold champagne!!!  To top it off.... my husband won $29.00... so we walked out with money in our pockets.  How can you beat a day like this?
1	This used to be a great casino.  Now it's just an aging casino in the middle of nowhere with surly staff and no remaining competitive advantage.  I used to come here all the time because they had good slots and good BJ.  It seems to me that the gambling has gone done hill and tightened up.  I also went to play video craps, but now that several other casinos in Phoenix have that, there is no reason to drive all the way to Maricopa.  They staff has become rather rude.And best of all, get this; they ban all outside food and drink.  What casino has ever done that?  I tried to walk in with a bottled water recently and the security guy stopped me faster than I could blink and insist I put the drink in my car.  He says they sell drinks there, so they don't allow anyone to bring drinks.  I've never had that happen at any Harrah's casinos in Vegas, New Orleans, or anywhere else.  It just seems petty and ridiculous.  As if the probability of losing a couple hundred bucks in an hour and a half isn't enough, they have to make an extra $2.25 off of me when I buy a $2.50 can of Coke.  Classless.There is no reason to come here anymore.  Harrah's comps are harder to come by, and unless you're playing slots with a ton of coin-in, the comps you earn won't make much of a dent toward getting freebies in Vegas. Come to think of it, if you're playing that much money, just go to Vegas.  If you don't care about earning comps for Vegas, then definitely don't bother driving out of your way to come to this casino.  Most of the casinos in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Chandler have remodeled recently and are much nicer and offer more fun.
3	The bf and his parents made the trek out to Maricopa to try out the buffet last night. First of all, the line was REDONKULOUS. Maybe because it was the seafood buffet night? Maybe because it was New Years' Day? Who knows. But we had to wait a little over an hour to get in. The "line keeper" and two cashiers had to deal with a jungle outside since a lot of people were frustrated, but once we were in the staff was really nice. As we were walking to our seats a server grabbed our drink orders and after setting our stuff down we dove in. I'd say a good judge of the quality of a buffet is how their salads look. I started off with the caesar salad and the greens were really green and fresh, definitely didn't look like they had been sitting out for any amount of time. So I started with that, potstickers and some bread. Second trip, got some steak and grilled chicken, veggies, and wild rice. Yum yum. Subsequent trips involved crab legs and shrimp. I'm not a big seafood person but it was seafood night and you know what they say, when in Rome. The crab legs and shrimp were really good, and if I hadn't been full at that point I probably would have eaten more shrimp. There was a LOT of variety and everything (that I had anyways) looked and tasted really good. I probably wouldn't make the drive out there to try it again, but if I was in the area or someone was willing to take me, I'd definitely go. Casino: Probably the smallest I've been in, after Vegas and Casino Arizona. Oh, and the Tokyo Tea I got from the lounge tasted like medicine :( Otherwise, people seemed to be having a good time and I walked away with $65!
3	I've heard so much about this place, I had to make the drive out to Maricopa to check it out.  It was a long drive from Scottsdale....it took me about 1 hour.  When I arrived, I was surprised at how busy it was.....this place is in the middle of nowhere, but somehow they attract a ton of people!The slots and tables were pretty busy.  Everyone was having a good time.  The employees were very friendly and welcoming.  It seemed like everywhere I went people were asking me if I needed help with finding something.....very cool.The only downside is that it's a Harrah's....which means it's not much different than the other Harrah's throughout the country....same decor, same food options, etc.  That's kind of boring to me.  Oh well, I'm glad I got to see this place.Return Factor - 10%
1	This place is terrible! The Copper Cactus grill had so many flies, I asked for a refund on my food. The slots were weird and the whole place smelled terrible and was hot as hell. I'm disappointed we even came here.
3	Oh yeah baby - Blackjack out in the middle of nowhere! Even on a vacation that I did not even think about going to a casino we happened to find this Harrah's and had to drop in for a little gambling action.This location itself is located a good drive from Mesa where we were staying but since we had been in Phoenix it was not too far. The casino itself is on the small side, but has a decent amount of slot machines and table games set right in the middle. Buffet, steaklhouse, and cafe on site. What I found surprising is that they have a self serve coffee and soda stand for the patrons which was pretty nice.As it was a Tuesday night I couldn't believe how crowded it was. Don't know where all these people come from considering it's kind of a desolate location. Children of the corn out here. Still, it's a decent little casino with enough games to play. Did not notice too much cigarette smoke and it seemed pretty clean. I thought the casino staff was friendly overall too.We even walked away with an extra $100 so that is #winning!
5	We stayed here the first night of our journey across the country last week.  Prior to this we've stayed in 3 other Caesar's Entertainment properties through with our Total Rewards cards. This was a beautiful room and completely comfortable. The staff was amazing, helpful and friendly. With my Total Rewards card the room was only $51.75 plus taxes which just slightly higher than we would've paid for a motel. It was only a 15 minute detour north off Interstate 8, just before you reach Tuscon. The casino was a little small but I found the better odds machines were in the Non-Smoking Casino.
5	This place is small in size but huge in value. I stayed for one night comped and enjoyed the suite and slots. I don't know if I'd visit again as I  can't imagine returning to AZ but if I ever do I'd stay here again.
4	Always friendly, great service and excellent crab legs. Don't waste your time on anything else but the seafood.
3	Had a blast here with my family, but lost all my money (my uncle was much luckier than I was that night.) Though it was a drive (an hour from Scottsdale) it was worth it for the 8+ hours we were there. A few perks were the number of video poker machines, penny slots, and a small smoke free room. I sort of wish the whole establishment was smoke-free, but take that from a non-smoker. Lots of parking and it's always open. We ended up staying tile 5 a.m. and had fun along the way. We did eat at the snack bar and because my uncle had played so much we basically had our snack comped from all the points on his players card...kinda cool!
5	Stayed here for a free night and made a few bucks! The room was clean and the casino was not busy at all. I would definitely stay here again if passing thru and need a place to stay.  The food  was pretty good.  There are many slots and about a dozen table games... Lots of parking and valet.
3	Always have a good time here and go often, but never really win anything.
1	We checked in at Harrah's Ak-Chin on 4/12/13 for our one year anniversary getaway.  Everything was fine for the first few hours, then it all started to hit the fan.The room we were in was fine... at first.  The TV in the room, however, seemed posessed; turning itself on and off randomly.  We called facilities to get it taken care of and it was "fixed" Friday night.  Saturday mid-day it started again.  Facilities came out, changed out the card...and it continued.  Add to that the barking dogs in the next room (the PetStay rooms were overbooked apparently) until at least 9 pm and starting again this morning (4/14/13) at 6:30 am, and you'd think I'd be done.  I'm not.  Last night in the Oasis Lounge there was a performance my husband and I wanted to see.  We showed up and were told that seating was only for those with wristbands or VIP status, and standing in a walkway of any sort was not feasible.  Well, it's not marketed in that way.  In fact online it states "no admission, no reservations needed".  Nowhere does it state that there is a need for a wristband, etc.That brings me to Agave's.  We went for breakfast both days, however the 2nd day was ONLY because it was comped due to the aforementioned issues.  The first morning I had something god awful in my soda.  It appeared that some sort of dark black-ish mold was on a piece of ice.  The cups for soda weren't fully cleaned (as evidenced by the remnant color on the bottom of the glass) as well.Don't waste your time, money, or gas driving out here just because it's got an awesome pool.  I STILL smell like cigarettes, and I don't even smoke!
3	Nice casino with friendly staff; however I do have to admit that I feel like most Casino's are out to steal people's money and that all the games are rigged! I know it is just a crazy conspiracy theory, but just speaking my mind! However inside of this place is one of the most luxurious poker rooms that I have seen in my lifetime! But the A-OK rating is for it being out in the middle of nowhere and cocktail staff is not as frequent as one would expect.
4	The BF and I went to Ak Chin this weekend before seeing Rocky Horror over at the Ultra Star. We figured we may as well check out the casino since we were driving all the way out to Maricopa. I liked the casino. I like that it uses Total Rewards, which I have from going to Vegas, and I also like that the slots have a drink menu/ordering system built in, so I never had to sit around waiting for a waitress. The one drink I got was pretty huge and tasty and only cost 6.75. I also ended up winning, so, of course, I liked that. Anyway, I would go back to this casino if I were in the area for sure.
5	For a rural Arizona Casino experience? Look no further! For those comparing it to Vegas- your in the wrong state.  This is a SMALL, TRIBAL OWNED casino- honestly, what were you expecting.  I have NEVER ONCE NOT EVER had a bad time here, the prices on drinks I will admit are hefty- overall, I have been to almost every casino in Arizona- and this is a much better experience then most. The rooms are SUPER CLEAN and nice, the staff is quick and attentive- and they are very flexible on most things.  The pool is cool- heated with a bar in the pool, and plenty of seating and room to move around. Are there cons here? Yes.  Do the pros outweigh them, absolutely. It's an overall great experience.
4	We took advantage of the offer to join the rewards club and get a free buffet and $10 worth of gambling.  We found the casino to be refreshingly clean, the staff very helpful---not your typical smokey, smelly casino.  The lunch buffet had a huge selection of wonderfully prepared foods.  Make sure you save room for the desserts because there a lots of deliciious items.  It is a bit further to go to from where we live (and there are other casinos closer) but AkChin was worth the drive,  If you want to go to a casino, pick this place!!  We had a great afternoon and came home with a  few bucks!!
1	Casino is a dump. Old, smokey, small. By far the worst casino in the east valley. Hotel rates are ridiculous.Not what you would expect from Harrahs
5	Definitely worth the drive.  This is the Casino in the Valley that has earned our business.  Much better than the dump Vee Quiva calls a resort.
4	Overall, I think this is a good Harrah's property and a great way to "staycation" without having to drive too far.The hotel rooms in both the tower and the pool area are nice and spacious, and if you have a Total Rewards card you can get comps or really cheap rooms even on the weekend. Very clean and each room has a mini fridge, toiletries, and a coffee setup. The two times I have stayed here the staff has always been friendly and accommodating, especially the bellman. They have free wi-fi and complimentary valet parking.The casino itself has table games, a poker room, bingo, and lots of slot machines. The tables start at $5 and they have plenty of penny slots. They have a really large pool with a swim-up bar, but it can be very busy on the weekends and filled with lots of kids. The drinks are reasonably priced for a hotel pool. I wouldn't really recommend the cabana because you get free bottled water, but you can't bring in any outside food or beverages and you don't have a dedicated server so you have to go and wait at the pool bar that most times seems understaffed. There are are several restaurants ranging from a quick take-out cafe with sandwiches and fried foods to a gourmet sit-down steakhouse. They also have a buffet and a poolside restaurant that serves breakfast and lunch. Most weekend nights they have free entertainment/live music in the lounge. The hotel is next to a large cineplex with movies, bowling, a sports bar, and another restaurant so if you get bored swimming or gambling there is something else for you to do. You won't really find anything else to do in Maricopa :) Overall I think this is a great place to have a weekend stay.
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could. A nice little casino/hotel for the Phoenix area. About 20 minutes from the airport, this casino is out in Maricopa, a recently developed area. We stayed on a Wednesday night. The casino and rooms are modern looking. Access to your room, the casino, restaurants and pool is easy and convenient, not much walking. ROOMOur room had comfortable beds, a large flat screen mounted on the wall, desk area, big closet and large shower. The only problem with the room I was in, was that the walls were extremely thin. We could hear people talking as they walked down the hall and a child screaming was so loud, it sounded as if it were coming from inside the bathroom.CASINOThe casino had table games, keno and machines. The table minimums were as low as $5, although I didn't play any, so I cannot comment on the dealers. While I didn't look very hard, I couldn't find any machines cheaper than 50 cents. I didn't spend much time in the casino because drinks are not free. They make it convenient to order drinks, being able to order from your machine. I ordered a beer and when it arrived, was informed it would be $5.50! Unbelievable!DININGWe ate in The Buffet,  Agave's, and Copper Cactus. All three were good and moderately priced. The staff in all three restaurants was extremely friendly. There is a steakhouse, which I was told by other casino go-ers is good.POOLVery relaxing pool with plenty of space and chairs. The pool was clean and never got too crowded. Keep in mind the swim up bar doesn't open until noon. Once open, beers were $5 each. If you want any type of drink, including non-alcoholic, you have to go inside the casino. The same goes for restrooms. Harrah's is really missing out here, why wouldn't you want people buying drinks at the pool? It's 105 degrees outside!Overall, this hotel/casino is nice but I think it would only be fun for one or two nights maximum. This place has the potential to get 5 stars, it's just a matter of making it more convenient, free drinks in casino, cheaper drinks at the pool with better bar hours, more convenient restrooms, quieter rooms and a shuttle service to the airport.
2	Unlucky Number SevenAs a Phoenician, when the best part of a Casino Staycation is the short drive time vs. the long, boring drive to Las Vegas, it's time to think about flying...up north.While I had a VERY nice and spacious second-floor room (facing the pool vs. the dull desert) in the Ocotillo Building and encountered a 85% great staff (that miserable and mostly muted 15% really need to find another job...one that doesn't deal with the public,) I had way too many, or unlucky number seven, disappointments with the place I will surely never visit again:1. The Trek. It's bad enough the joint has both an unnecessary and uncovered parking lot, but going through that vast lot, passing the casino, through the lobby and navigating in-between THREE hotel buildings is completely absurd. I understand Vegas real estate, or more specifically, the casinos on the strip, have only so much room, and this Harrah's Ak-Chin is dead-center of 100 miles of nothing desert, but there's no reason to spread everything out.2. Bar None.By the time of this writing, they're a week or more away from either reopening or introducing their singular bar. This did not please me on my visit this time and I was punished for my apparently bad timing. I simply cannot stand waiting on the staff for 10+ minutes to bring me my drink or make it a hassle to open a tab or charge to my room when I am at the slots. 3. Screen Test.Oh, and nice. Instead of the bother of flagging down the waitress, they have little computer screens on each slot you can order your beverage...pending you have both the patience of going through 16 screens to get to what you want or waiting the 10 minutes for the waitress to show up.4. Tight not Alright.30% of the slots had the "out of service" notice. 50% of the slots either wouldn't accept my player's card or it took too many annoying and redundant attempts to get it to read the card. 70% of the slots had too high of a denomination of contribution. And 90% of the slots were incredibly too tight. This is thee main reason it's been 3 years, 3 months since I've visited a local Arizona Casino. In fact, this is only the second time I've been to Harrah's Ak-Chin since the late 1990s. Oh, and they're not just tight in payouts, they're tight in space between the machines. For a company that spread out the hotel buildings, rooms, entertainment, lobby, etc...they made the casino a bumper room between machines.5. Charging Backwards.When at the machines, good luck on charging drinks to your room from the credit card hold they anxiously took at check in. Or using a credit card to pay for drinks you shouldn't have to at a casino. Or, heaven forbid...opening a tab with a waitress. I was even told once I could open a tab at "the bar." I readily said: "Oh? Which bar?" To which, she replied: "The one that's opening in a couple of weeks." At least, it saved me a tip.6. Not Buff Enuff.I'm both a bountiful buffet boy - inside and out of Sin City and a fan of most Harrah's seafood buffets. Harrah's Ak-Chin is one of the absolute worst I've visited. This is sad, since I do everything to promote the Harrah's brand on great buffets. Harrah's Las Vegas and Harrah's Laughlin, have fantastic buffets with huge and steamin' crab legs. This one, at Harrah's Ak-Chin, for $25.99 you get the thinnest, the smallest and the most meatless crab legs. But, there's more. You also get approximately 4 stations of really small meat selections and barely edible portions. Just a note: I'm used to 8+ stations, including an island for deserts/salads. This dinky, seat-yourself buffet was not worth but $6 of that $26 you're paying. 7. From a Distance.Want to attend the cinema or go bowling but don't want to drive there to have fun? Unfortunately, even with a hundred miles of zilch desert, they choose to put the star attraction of entertainment outside and across an entire parking lot obviously not modeling the great Palms of Las Vegas which has the casino, food court and movie theatre...JUST DOWN ELEVATOR from your room. Now, I am not considered old, by my means, but I don't have the best back or emotional desire to leave the hotel room, travel through 3 buildings and mouse maze of hallways, through the lobby, by the gift shop, into the cramped, bar-less casino, then outside, passing a massive and questionably uncovered parking lot to get to the entertainment building. Even though I deemed, early on, this was my last trip here, I didn't even bother to see the "Ultrastar Multi-tainment Center." Maybe it was great, maybe a lot of fun...but, it was seriously too much effort for me to make it there.So, I guess, it wasn't lucky number seven for me with my disappointments. Even though I was glad to have such a nice room and a staff that mostly cared, made me laugh and have fun, I still grant this place an extra whole star to...2/5 stars.In the earnest words of the movie, The Hangover, my next casino visit will hear me shout: "Vegas, baby!"
1	My husband and I really enjoyed the live entertainment there on Friday night. We enjoyed our drinks and played slots while watching the show. I guess we enjoyed ourselves too much because after the show when we went to go gamble we were being followed by casino security. After speaking with our friends, we chose to leave. Before we could leave we were stopped by casino staff and security and harassed. They stated they were concerned that my husband was talking to too many people. We had SEVERAL friends there. So we said we were leaving and leave. Waiting outside for our taxi and all of a sudden all these Ak-Chin police come, separate me from my husband and now I am being questioned by three police officers. I had no idea why. I explained we were on our Date Nite and told them exactly what happened with the staff following us and harassing us. So after about 45 minutes of being detained, I am now served with a Trespassing ticket and can not return for 7 days, I will never be going back anyways. THEN I get served a Disorderly Conduct ticket... for what I have no idea and have to go to court. So unless you are a senior, I would not step foot in this place. With further research I have found out that this is what they do often there at Harrah's Ak-Chin. You can not have too much fun or you will be kicked out. Everything shuts down early also. This place is full of control freaks running the joint.
1	The most terrible service ever, all night long. Over and over we were disrespected! I've literally never been any where, where they were so rude. Go some where else! Don't come here!
3	My friend can sit at these casinos for 8 hours straight playing, but that is just not me.  Since I know I'm no slots player I didn't even check how much money I was taking, so I played my measly little $27 and promptly lost it all.  So what did I do for the rest of the day since our bus didn't leave for 7-1/2 more hours?  First, I went to the buffet to eat.  The meat was ALL over-cooked:  the Chinese friend pork, the prime rib and the individual bbq ribs were all dry--altho, to be honest, a friend told me his prime rib was juicy so I must have just gotten two bad pieces...and by 2 pieces I mean 2 pieces that are cut sooo paper thin it was a joke.  I've never seen anyone cut meat that thin!  Ick.Moving on, the tortellini was delicious as was the carmel sea salt gelato.  In fact, it was the best gelato I've personally tasted...deeee-licious!Then for the rest of the 5-6 hours I sat and listened to the band play old 50's tunes.  They were pretty good despite being old, dull songs, so no complaints towards the band.  They stayed upbeat the entire time they played.Found a few people to chat with, and that was my day.  Was so tired from the overstimulation both my friend and I fell asleep on the long bus ride home, which is something I never do.Will I ever go back?  Maybe, but for another entire 8 hour day getting stuck there?  Uh...think not.  Just for a couple hours I might, tho.If the weather permits and you are like me and not a gambler, you can sit outside by the pool and soak up some rays.  Just an idea...
5	Outstanding room and the friendly staff a traveler could ask for! The room was awesome with it's flat screen TV and refrigerator and cool walk in shower. I ended up winning $1030.00 on a slot machine. I went on this trip to Phoenix and out west to see Tombstone, Sedona & Lost Dutchman State park & several ghost towns.I am retired police officer and like to investigate paranormal & ghost activities.I was able to photograph a ghost in my room. My ac was not working and I called front desk and they sent maintenance to my room. They quickly fixed the ac and I showed them picture of the ghost and they were shocked. They are unable to rent the room across my my room due to some unknown problem that they told me they were unable to take care of.........?  The room was comped which was a bonus.Besides the ghost moving things around at night while i slept and turned my computer on I would highly recommend this hotel!
1	This casino is not kid friendly or customer friendly. Security wouldn't let my 20 year old grandson go in to the restaurant, also the bar area smells like vomit. This place stinks Inside and outside.
1	My beer sat empty and I waited for someone to ask me if I wanted another for   22 minutes.  There were 3 bartenders and a bar back with only 9 customers at the bar.   Service has really declined here over the years and the lady bartenders had so many tattoo's that I thought I was at a tattoo convention vs a casino.This place goes from bad to worse.   After poor service at the bar I decided to grab dinner.  Ha!  GOOD LUCK!  The line at the Buffet was ridiculously long so I walked over to Agave's restaurant only to learn they are closed for dinner and an exclusive daily VIP happy hour.   The hostess recommended the burger joint upfront or walk to 347 Grill.  Hmmm, what do they serve, I inquired.  I have no idea she says, but I heard its good.   Back to the buffet I go for a 50 min wait while the locals cash in their coupons.  Complete Chaos.
2	I visit the Harrah's AK-Chin casino regularly with my wife.  Visiting this casino was fun and enjoyable.  However, apparently some of the casino managers have developed an attitude that the customer is always wrong in response to complaints. Some have become very defensive and hostile and have embarked upon a program of customer harassment by posting and enforcing a set of very restrictive rules for the diamond lounge.  In addition some managers and casino hosts in response to inquiries regarding casino policy and rules will blame the AK-Chin Indian community in order to avoid the responsibility for addressing the complaints.
5	Decided last minute to come spend the night.  Used comp points so price was right.Requested and received a king non smoking dog room.   The room was very clean and huge.  Lived that they were using "wood" flooring.  Upon check on we received dog bowls, dog place May and poop bags.  They usually provide some treats as well, but they were out.Casino, well it's a casino, sometimes you win, sometimes you don't.Buffet, pleasantly surprised at the quality and variety.  Save room for dessert.The staff, in every part of the resort, casino, dining, friendliest I've encountered anywhere.If we are ever back in the area, we will be back.
5	Playing Bingo at Harrahs is fun. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. There are pictures of some winners but all the pictures are from 2012 and a couple from early 2013. Surly people have won some jackpots since 2012 & 2013. They should update the winners pictures. All in all it's a fun place to play bingo.
1	My sister an I visited recently. We couldn't win anything on slots, they were sp tight. After losing a good amount of money, we decided to give bingo a try.  What a ripoff.  We each spent over $50 for our buy in, and never came close. This place seats like 100 people. Never again! I will stick to playing at the Fort where I can win when the place is at capacity,  and spend less than $50.
2	I was not impressed. First, they really need a better air filter system. I realize it is a casino and there will be smoke but all the others I have been to have a much better filtering system. Second, there was a concert there this past weekend and even though being free and having low expectations because it was free, I was not give accurate information. They said on the phone (since the website did not provide any guidance) that the seats were first come first serve for both shows. They left out the part where they were handing out wristbands 2 hours prior to each show and that they only had 50 for the first show and 16 for the second. And each person in line could take 2. We were there 2.5 hours early to get in line for a seat and were not able to get a wristband. Luckily, I ran into a coworker who got extra and they were there 3.5 hours early in line. This information should have been given out so people could plan accordingly. It wasn't like we showed up at the last minute and expected seats. For the concert, the stage and area is really small, not what I expected but this isn't my complaint. When the show started, people were allowed to stand at the bar in front of the seats, blocking much of the view. So getting the seats were pointless since you couldn't see if you were behind the bar line. I realize they want to make money on the bar but allowing the people to stand up there and block the show to get the drinks was not ok. They should have a cocktail server during the show for the bar line. We won't be back for another one of their shows. I would rather pay for my ticket and know I am going to have a seat and not be blocked. Not worth it even for free!
2	We were looking for some nightlife and decided to hit the casino and catch some live music. Skip it.I ordered a drink at my slot machine and after waiting and gambling for over 20 minutes I cancelled the order and decided to leave. My waitrress & drink never showed. Before the remodel, they had a drink bar where you can go up and get free sodas, coffee, or water but that's gone now. Instead there are shops to spend more money at.The live music never played during the two hours I was there. The entire place smells like disgusting cheap cigarettes and the "non-smoking" section is not enclosed so it still gets plenty of smoke inside.I've eaten at the buffet and it was pretty good, but it's quite expensive for average food. ($20-30 per person)I suggest skipping the casino and checking out the entertainment center across the parking lot. Much more fun to be had for much cheaper over there.
3	Ah, the refreshing taste of second hand cigarette smoke filling my lungs (cough, cough). Harrah's Ak-Chin is a decent casino. I find it to be a tad bit (I use the term tad bit loosely) better experience than the Gila River Casinos in Chandler. The only thing that really sets this casino apart from Gila River would be the Entertainment Pavilion next door. The slots are tight but the Clue slot is pretty fun to play. I felt like I was the only person under the age of 30 in the casino at the time so, you could say that this is a casino for a more mature crowd, you could say. Overall I had a decent experience. I had one gentleman comment on my Catalina Wine Mixer shirt, saying that Catalina is nice this time of year and then winking at me, not getting the reference at all and trying to buy me a glass of wine. I then had another lovely mouth breather continue to inch towards me in the cafeteria line while I was trying to purchase water. I think by the time we checked out, you could have possibly fit a credit card in between us, that is how close he was.Be prepared for creepers, smoke up the wazoo and tight slots. You do get a free buffet on your first visit if you sign up for a players card. Are all you can eat, medicore ribs and steak worth it? You decide :)
3	I went on a bus trip from the Senior Center and the bus ride was excellent.  I was given $10.00 in a voucher to play on any machine but the $10.00 was gone in a flash with no coins to play with.  I didn't win anything as the slots were tight.  The smoke from cigarettes didn't bother me as I am a former smoker.  Some people could be distressed with the smoke.  I had a donut and coffee at Dunkin Donuts and as usual, the donut was delicious and the coffee excellent.  I would have liked a chair to sit on and enjoy my treat.  No seating in the Donkin Donut area.  The bus trips are fun and I will be back but I will gamble less.
3	This place has lost A LOT of ground when it comes to customer service.  The best thing they have going for them is Richie at the Lounge and Terrence.
1	It's time for a remodel.  We know it, Harrah's knows it, and it seems like they're just trying to tread water here while they figure out what they're going to do, because we all know this isn't sustainable for much longer without it becoming just an actual hovel of white-haired smoke tornados surrounding D-list musical acts.Maybe it doesn't have to get all world-class on us, maybe it isn't smart to spend the money to try and turn it into Wild Horse Pass or Talking Stick or even the new and improved Vee Quiva, but expanding to give more space, finding a hook that can draw in a better quality of crowd, LOWERING THE DAMN DRINK PRICES and filtering the smoke better might help.  People dont come to Maricopa for nightlife so I cant blame them for not concentrating on giving this casino any manner of nightlife, but damn, it's a boring, old-school place at this point.
2	Aesthetically this place is a 4 if you look at it in picture form but everything else in real life is terrible. The casino part is average this rating is for the hotel/resort part. 2 stars because:We were greeted by the smell of horse manure throughout the hotel. Anywhere you go outside smelled like horse crap. The layout can't get any worse. From check in/lobby, to get to ANY room in the resort, you must walk through the pool area or if its too hot or cold, you can take the indoor route. Imagine coming from room 1 walking all the way to room 74. Awful layout!They still have smoking rooms. GROSS! Because if you get stuck in a smoking room, you would hate your life because even the halls reek of smoke. The walls are paper thin. You can hear everything happening next door. Yes, every word and every time the door closes. The toiletries are subpar terrible quality although they provide everything right away including toothbrush, toothpaste, shower cap, etcDirty! The room isn't clean. The carpet and drapes has holes, rips, and they're filthy! POSITIVE: beautiful pool and very pretty common areas. NEGATIVE: rooms and hotel layout. I will never return!
3	A little small but nice. Only stayed overnight and out early the next morning. Maybe another visit "When in the area", but, no plans as of right now!
3	No alcohol after 130, hotel rooms are a bit of a walk copper cactus grill very friendly
5	Best pet friendly hotel ever!  For $40 fee, you get a goodie bag filled with bowls, mats, poop bags and healthy treats.  Rooms are beautiful with hardwood floors.  All ground floor patio level facing out to farm fields.. Graasy pet run and nice walking paths.  Cant wait to return!  I hope i get a Players  Club deal, because my dogs and I were in heaven!
