4	Great place in NYNY's food court on the lower level. They have a boneless wings basket that comes with 8 wings (although we got 10), fries, and a drink for $10. You can't beat it and there's enough for two people to share. The amount of fries it comes with is insane! Staff nice and friendly too.Visit Date: 11/17/09
4	Man, I don't know about these other reviews. A huge group of us went in on Thanksgiving day to watch a game. Our service was impeccable, the food was pretty good, and the beer selection was tops. Plus, they didn't kick us out for talking a bunch of trash (playfully) to other patrons. Highly recommended for watching a game (there's a sportsbook right outside, so you can bet while the game is going on) and eating!
3	Hmm. My 300th review. That was anticlimactic. I was wondering what it would end up being. A generic sports bar in a strip casino? Eh. It's good enough.Actually, what better way to celebrate my Spartan review (you know... 300) than with a post-Rock N Roll Wine recovery session with the Sambalatte diva, Thao T, and the one and only Misti Yelp (yes, that's her actual last name).Truth be told, it's not just a generic sports bar on the strip. It used to be the ESPNZone. While it no longer bears the ESPN name, it seems to have retained all of the features. There are a plethora of HD screens to catch your favorite team and the upstairs game area is intact. In fact, this place may be the closest thing we have to a Dave & Buster's. (There's also Gameworks across the street, but I haven't been there in years).On this visit, we were just interested in some grub. I wasn't that hungry, but I went with a plate of Honey Hoisin Chicken Wings. They were surprisingly delicious - sweet but with a nice spicy kick on the tail end. Thao ordered a Three Cheese Quesadilla with Chicken. I tried some and it was pretty standard but flavorful. Misti ordered some Garlic Steak Fries that just also happened to come with a California Turkey Burger. Clearly, she was enamored with the pommes frites.I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place, but it's nice to know it exists. I'm almost never in the New York New York, but if I am, The Sporting House is worth a revisit.
4	After browsing the selection of draft Beer, I was pleasantly surprised to see some quality....I started out with a Dogfish Head IPA ($7) and ordered a 10" Pepperoni Sausage & Jalapeno Pizza ($11.95).  The Pizza came out and to my surprise was very good!  The crust was soft and doughy and tasted great....the Pepperoni and Sausage were good quality.  I normally like Jalapeno on my Pizza, but for some reason I didn't like it this evening and regretted ordering it as it took away from all of the goodness of the rest of the Pizza.  I ended up picking them off the slices.I watched the Lakers lose to the Bulls....that called for an Abita Purple Haze ($7), which I couldn't believe they carried!  It's brewed out of Louisiana and is hard to find in bars in Las Vegas....bonus!Later I tried a Duvel ($7), which is a Belgian Beer....very good too.  I'm amazed at the selection of Beer here.After a few hours of fun and games, we left.  Kiddo had a blast with his buddies and discovered a cool place I enjoy on the Strip!Will I return?  I'm trying to think of an excuse to go back....ha!
1	Well. Where Do I start.  From the microwaved Philly Cheese steak, a minimum is 15$ per hr. Policy that I was told 3 different times and still trying to find out what was that all about. ESPN was there a moved out. This place is a big joke with food tab too boot  Your better off going to Hard Rock Cafe by all means!!! For better food & times.
3	The boyfriend and I went here one night and we got sat right away - no wait. Got our drinks fairly quick too. We both ordered the same thing.. it was some type of Kobe steak with a mushroom sauce with mashed potatoes & veggies. I ordered mine medium rare it came out well done. So we had to send it back. It came back probably medium but I just ate it. My boyfriend got his medium it came out well done as well but he just ate it. It was really good and the mushroom sauce was awesome. Overall I enjoyed my meal as did my boyfriend. I think it's pretty obvious in the name that this place is a sports bar and they definitely have enough TV's to watch whatever sport you want to see. I'd come here again if staying in the NY NY but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
1	Took 20 minutes for waitress to notice we had been seated and another 20 to get the food. Garlic fries were a joke, very little garlic on regular steak fries. Wings were decent but nothing to brag about.In terms of atmosphere, if you think you are going to watch your favorite team play think again. Restaurant dictates what games they show and do not accept customer request. Waitress actually lied when I asked and said they don't have a specific channel in the main dining room that they had in the bar. Huge let down and disappointing experience.
3	Lunch was good. But then again, its hard to mess up a buffalo chicken sandwich. But stopped back for dinner with my parents the next night and both steaks ordered at the table were extra tough. Definitely a sports bar not steak house, should have known better
2	I'm not going to lie.  I expect a lot out of a restaurant on the strip.  Furthermore, I totally thought this was the ESPN Zone.  I guess that license was removed for some reason.  I doubt I would have bothered coming here if not for the ESPN license.Also, it was my birthday and my friends told me later that they tried to get something--you know birthday song, a tiny scoop of ice cream, shoot a paid dessert with a candle in it.  The most they would do is put a generic greeting on the sports ticker.  It was unique but the message wasn't even personalized.  The message kept scrolling throughout our meal and halfway through a second birthday greeting to someone else ran right behind my greeting.  Honestly, I feel worse for the poor soul whose greeting had to follow my greeting every time.My buddy and I shared the Tailgate Party Platter which included a quesadilla, hot wings, buffalo wings, four sliders, artichoke dip and chips and some pork ribletts.  The quesadilla and artichoke dip were disappointing.  The cheese had cooled and wasn't very stringy or tasty.  The sliders were well done and the meat off the ribletts came right off the bone.  The hot wings were good, but nothing special, while I thought the buffalo wings were sub-par.Bottom line:  I think this place is past it's prime.  I remember trying to get in when it was the ESPN Zone in 2007 and it was packed.  Now it seems like it is just living in the shadow of what it used to be.  I guess it falls in line with the trend that anything south of the Citycenter in Las Vegas is struggling to keep up these days.  Find another place to eat and catch your game.
2	Went here to watch the NCAA tourney games and they were running some deal where you had to spend $15 per person every hour or they would kick you out.  I mean it's understandable but doesnt give you a warm and fuzzy when the waiter is telling you his manager is breathing down his neck to get us out unless we order something else.  But at least the guy was nice about it.On to the food - got some nachos with cheese whiz and canned jalapenos so it's pretty much bottom of the barrel pub grub.  Guacamole was $4 extra.  I suppose this place might be better during an off peak sporting event to sit and have a couple of beers and hang out but I probably wouldnt go back.
4	A great place to go for some bar food, beers and sports.  They have plenty of big screens, including a personal TV at each table, and the food was pretty good.  We got the steak salad and veggie pizza (I know, I little backwards) and the pizza was pretty good.  The salad was a little lacking in the salad greens department but the steak was cooked well, and it was a good recovery meal.  Having a few 100" projectors during March Madness never hurts either.
4	We stopped by in the morning to see if the laker game would be televised with sound and the hostess said it would be on in the big room with sound. Asked to make a reservation, which we did.  Showed up 5 minutes before reservation time and were taken to a different room with no sound, I complained. The hostess took us back up front where Jamal said he would fix it and he did! He got us an awesome booth with a great view of the huge screen with sound that comes out from the back of the booth. We ate the nachos(huge), buffalo chicken strips (yum), 2 cold pitchers of stella, and a brownie sundae. Everything was tasty and the bill was about $80. We gave our waitress a good tip since we camped out for 3 hours, in which she was attentive and friendly the whole time.  Would definitely go back. I like a place where the employees care about doing a good job.
2	Pretty terrible service. Couldnt get a glass of water after multiple requests. The food is ok, but nothing special. The steak nachos were a bit skimpy on toppings. Waited 45 min for check after directly asking for it...really dont know where the server went. Ended up just leaving because we never got it and no one came in to take care of us... The jokes on me though because they took my card to "open a beer tab", and gave it back. they ended up charging me for the meal and probably some gratuity after we got up and left.  Probably never coming back...if I have anything to do with it.
2	When I first walked in, it reminded me of an ESPN Zone and now I read Joey M's review that confirms that it used to be. Sadly, the service is pretty much the same - impersonal and indifferent. But When we wanted to watch the Boston Bruins game in Las Vegas, it was the only bar we stumbled up that was showing it with the sound on.
3	looks like a good place to eat, drink, play some arcade, and watch some sports. got there around 4:50 pm and noticed that they had happy hours for $4 appetizers that ended at 5 pm so was kinda in a rush. the waitress said our orders wont count for the happy hour special because their computers weren't gonna take it cause it was 5. we already knew what we wanted and all she had to do was place the order, if it went through good, if it doesn't come back and tell us and will pay the difference or order something else. she probably could have got it in but see decided to stall and instead of trying. yea she was friendly but if she tried a little more it would have made us happy, she still had 10 mins. it was also a Friday and this place was slow. we still just got appetizers cause their food were pretty pricey. I had the nachos for $8.95 added pieces of steak for $4 more. it was a huge plate of tortilla chips and what looked like a lot of toppings on top but after eating a few chips i noticed that there was way too much chips and not enough toppings, also I noticed that there wasn't a lot of pieces of steak so i would recommend no even adding the steak and it tasted pretty plain. we also had the waffle cheese fries which was loaded with chili, cheese, and bacon for $10.95. this was also a huge plate but again not a lot of flavor. last was buffalo wings for $10.95. they were kinda small size and had about 8 wings, pretty salty and over cooked, came with two small sticks of carrots and celery. their beers are around $7 typical for the strip. overall the food is OK just needed more flavor its like eating a huge bag of plain popcorn it'll get you full but you wont be satisfied. i do like that they have a lot of TVs showing all the baseball games. some booths even have a their own TVs. you can sit in a recliner instead of at a table or booth. above average sports bar restaurant design and environment. they did get irritating towards the end cause they kept asking us if we needed anything else, if we needed a container for our food, for the bill etc we had a lot of food in out plates still and were just enjoy our foods watching the games. checked their website when i got home and notice that they had a promo they didn't mention. i suppose to get a $10 game card for spending $25 in food and drinks.
4	130 HD TV's. It's no lie. The minute you walk into the restaurant, there's no denying this is a sports fan dream come true: TV's and food. We went here in need of a good bite to eat in order to effectively continuing partying in Vegas, and by partying I mean drinking. In doing so, we stumbled upon The Sporting House Bar and Grill. The menu was relatively full of a variety of options from burgers to nachos to fettuccine Alfredo. In addition, beers were a must as alcohol and sports bars go hand in hand. Our waiter was pretty cool, laid back and knew what he was doing. We all ordered our own meals but the usual meal was a sandwich or burger. Personally, i favored ordering a Philly Cheese Steak which came with french fries. The Cheesesteak itself was very delicious although i was a bit upset i only received about 10 french fries. The cost of this meal was $11 but i feel that it was well worth it as the Cheesesteak was a nice size. I was told there was also an arcade upstairs which is pretty cool. The 130 HD Tvs are also incredible, but it would be cooler if they had a variety of sports on and not the same game all over the place, for example, the Royals vs the Angels game were on while other games were also in progress i.e. San Francisco vs. Cincinnati Reds and the fantastic walk off win. This spot is great and will definitely be sure to make the effort to once again eat from this location.
2	Okay. Twas a sunday when I went with a group of friends to see the CONCACAF Gold Cup game of USA vs Jamaica.  In the main area, on the two big screens, they were featturing the College Baseball "world" series (understandably), and then they were featuring Golf's US Open (WTF!?!?!?). I guess it had started before the soccer game and there was some golf fans.HOWEVER, There were more of us Soccer fans and they would not change the channel for us. I asked if they can have it at the bar area, and they told me that they were going to have the baseball game there too. WTF!!!!Then what really pissed me off was finding out that the place was featuring the Mexico vs Guatemala the day before. The Gold Cup is our regional championship and it is being hosted in the United States. I find the lack of disrespect towards us soccer fans to be an outrage especially since it was OUR NATIONAL TEAM which was playing. No offense, but most people don't care to watch a boring game of golf. Like I said, they had fans, but they could have moved Golf to a smaller screen and let most of the customers enjoy our game.Looks like it's a nice place, but our service was bad. I didn't get my food well into the second half of the game. It was a day time game. Perhaps if it was a nighttime featuring a real competitive game or fight the place could have been better.
1	Don't go.. really poor service.  Sat and waited for 25min to get a beer no such luck.   The servers just kept walking by me like I was invisible.   I could understand if they were busy but I was the only one sitting in my row.  I just don't get it.   Told the manager and then left.
4	My son (10) loved this place. Some pro's 1. TV on your table2. All MLB games going on (we are baseball nuts)3. Had a kids menu4. Seats were comfy5. Staff was nice6. Food was good. Price was ehhhhhhhhh but I hear it's better than when it was espn. I don't have alot of con's about the place, it was chill and relax, food was good.
4	Projection tvs,  big flat screens, tvs at your booth, tvs everywhere. And no problem seeing them from across the room like other supposed sports bars (Blondies). Arcade and video game area upstairs. Food and drinks are great though pricey cuz its the strip. Had a good time.
3	We went here for football on Sunday as the sports book inside NYNY seats about 20 people...no joke. Place had lots of TVs, we could see every game, which was cool. The waffle fry appetizer was HUGE; my husband didn't even eat half. The bruschetta was good but very small for $11. The large pretzel was good. Beer was $10 for a big mug which is great in my opinion. Reason for fewer stars was service. The waitress was very attentive and friendly for most of the time we were there - but when the bill came we saw that she charged my husband for three beers when he only got two. (No, we weren't drunk - we actually were keeping track for room charge purposes). We let her know that there was an extra beer and with great attitude said she would talk to her manager. She came back a few minutes later and said that he had taken it off, but she thinks that we were wrong and that I had gotten one extra liquor drink than my husband (?? The extra beer was the only thing we were questioning).We were very courteous and polite the entire time, friendly and not at all boisterous or drunk. I don't know if she just had another bad customer at the same time there was the bill issue, but either way, don't cop an attitude. I'm glad the manager took it off of the bill because otherwise it's coming out of your tip!
2	eh...Maybe it's the fact that I was in Vegas on Monday night looking for a place to watch Monday Night Football. Maybe my expectations were just a little to high. It wasn't horrible, I just wasn't impressed.We walked in here to catch the end of the football game and hangout before Zumanity started. This place is definitely a sports bar because there were wall to wall televisions with two huge screens at the very back of the bar. The waitress was lackluster in her approach and hospitality and the food was unremarkable. I honestly think if this place was anywhere else in the world I would be very impressed. However, this is VEGAS. I mean if you are going to call yourself THE Sporting House then it should show with everything you do. The food should be amazing and so should the service. Even the beer was slightly warmer than beer at a bar should be. I give this place two stars because of the televisions... that's it. Sorry... not a fan.
4	It's all about expectations. Plain and simple, this is a big sports bar.That means - lots of TVs, mediocre food, plenty of beer and a great atmosphere on game day. And that's exactly what you'll get here.The bartenders are friendly and attentive. The sports book is right across the hall if you're so inclined (I usually am, to the detriment of my wallet). And it's a solid place to settle in and watch the game.
3	not impressed..
4	It's all about expectation management.This place is a glorified Buffalo Wild Wings tucked away in a corner of the NYNY; lots of TV, deep fried dog food and a great sporting atmosphere.  It was the perfect place for NFL fan's like me to waste away half of a Sunday.  What i like most about this place and what IMO set it above the average sports bar is the friendly, efficient service and reasonable prices.  Despite being very crowded with loud, drunken football fans, my glass was never empty and the bartender never appeared frustrated with anything.  I got moderately drunk, ate lunch and watched football for about $35!! Not bad for being right on the Vegas strip.  I would definitely go back here if i were staying in the NYNY but i wouldn't travel far to come here.  It did the trick though.
3	Meh, average Americana food
4	Expect gourmet food and you'll be disappointed, expect a great sports bar and you'll have a great time here (this place used to be a ESPN Zone before they closed).I got into town and wanted to see the Packers-Raiders game, the place was packed and I was somehow able to get seats at the bar. There are a ton of TVs here so you should be able to see your game from anywhere. Jeni is an awesome bartender! She's friendly and gave me samples of a couple different beers before I made my selection. She even promised to put the Capitals game on a few days later if we made it back (sorry, Jeni, we'll be back next trip). I tried the fried zucchini which wasn't greasy and I would recommend as it's much better than it sounds. Also, try the pretzel, this thing is the size of a dinner plate and comes with a honey mustard sauce that you won't be disappointed by. This is the perfect place for a visitor on the Strip trying to catch their "hometown" game while in Vegas. If you want to place a bet, the NYNY sportsbook is right next to this place.
3	If I had stopped here for a non-happy hour dinner, this place would have been two stars, not three - but good news everyone, that's not what I did!We came here for their happy hour, drank $4 mixed drinks, ate $4 nachos, and kept thinking about what a deal it was to drown out the thousand tvs.  Seriously - I'm all for sports bars and love going out to watch the Bears, but tvs at each table with volume that can be turned up to "annoy your neighbor" level is a bit too much for me.The server was nice - she laughed at our group's jackassed jokes, which is always a bonus.
3	I first visited here in the Summer of 2006, when it was an ESPN Zone and found it quite enjoyable. My most up to date visit came in March of 2011 and felt indifferent about it. First, I want to start off by saying that it was Sunday, during the 2011 March Madness Tournament and they were extremely busy and I was apart of a group of about 10 or 12. Two of my friends were pretty intoxicated and did not make it easy for our wait staff.With that being said, I ordered a NY Strip (med rare) and it took a long time to come up. When it did finally come up, it was over done and cold. I waited a few minutes for our server to come back, but it being so busy I understood why she had been gone. I finally decided to get up and try to find a manager, when she walked up. I explained what was wrong to her and she apologized and said she would take care of it. My second steak came out a lot quicker and was to my liking. All in all, this is a great place to catch whatever game your trying to watch. On busy game days, stay away from the bigger items and opt for something simple along the lines of a sandwich, burger, nachos, etc etc.
1	Well, if you want to watch a game this place has Plenty of tv's. In regard to food my experience did not go well. For example i ordered some Spicy shrimp. They were to served simular to hot wings. The shrimp were very large Which was cool. But the Batter that was on the shrimp basically turned to mush. Plus the Batter did not stay on the shrimp. Which was a good thing because I removed the Batter so, could Eat a couple shrimp and go find another place to Eat and watch the game.
3	Surprisingly decent food, great service.  I had a sandwich that was basically all things Thanksgiving .... turkey, dressing and cranberry sauce.  It was yummy!Cool place to watch a game - not a bad seat in the house.  Get there early so you can grab a table in front of the big screen.  As I was leaving, I noticed they had a sign out front that said they had a table time limit during big games so you may want to inquire about that!
3	My friends & I were in town during the NFC Championship Games. We called a bunch of places earlier in the trip, but a lot of places we already booked or were first-come/first-serve. We read some reviews about it. Someone made the executive decision to come to The Sporting House Bar & Grill in New York New York. I arrived after our party was already seated. There was such a longgg line at the front! Thankfully a majority of our party was already there. We were seated upstairs in the high tables. LOTS & LOTS OF TV'S = PERFECT!! :) Typical bar-type food. Here's what we ordered: BBQ Chicken Wings - We were going to get buffalo wings, but our waiter suggested the BBQ ones since that's what they're known for. They were good, but nothing extraordinary. I guess he hyped it up too much? Idk. Ended up trying my friend's buffalo wings later. Not bad either. I guess it's just whatever you're in the mood for.Chicken Tenders - What a MISTAKE! You'd think...can't go wrong with chicken tenders, right? Well, not here. We didn't like them at all. I enjoyed the celery/carrot sticks more. On our second round of food, we made sure not to get this again.Fries - Just fries. Nothing special about them. Luckily, our waiter was super super cool! He forgot some orders a couple times while we were there...but we were there for a longggggg time, so it wasn't that big of a deal to me. Really good & chill place to watch a game. Hopefully the next time I'm here, it won't be for 9 hours, haha!
4	Awesome place to watch sports... I'm not really a big sports guy, but they have like stadium-type seating that watches a bunch of gigantic TVs, including a small one on each table.The food was pretty good to.I was there with my parents, and my dad is crazy football fan, so they posted up for like 6 hours straight just so they could watch a NY Giants playoff game from this place.
1	No no no....Came to this place just because we wanted some food, but everything came out cold/luke warm..the buffalo wings were only ookkkayyy..and the steak nachos..just terrible. Just those two items and a drink came out to $40 - I would have rather had panda express or mcdonalds..5 times over.
2	Food was average, waitress was the worst.We had 4 people in our party. 3 of us had failrly good meals my son however ordered the Philly ckeese steak which was a soggy mess. We thought about sending it back but the waitress never came back to ask how everthing came out. When the waitress did come back she just went through the motions of being a server she truly didnt care and should find a new line of work. My son ordered water, she forgot.. I will not be back on our next visit to Vegas...
2	We stopped by here to watch the NCAA final (way to go UK!).  We had great seats at the bar upstairs, the TVs are great, the service was fantastic.  The food was terrible.   Wings that were obvously prepared ahead of time and kept in a steamer, limp french fries, bad burgers with buns that were so chewy you could barely bite through them.  I'd go back to watch a game and have some drinks - but cannot recommend if you want to have food with your game.
5	I don't get the negative reviews.  My only concerns was having to wait for seats, but it was definitely worth the wait.  I bring my two young boys here and it is like paradise on earth for them.  TV at your table that controls sports channels, TVs everywhere with every sport playing, great kids menu and solid (but not stellar) adult menu.  Our service has always been top-notch.  When we visit Las Vegas we go here at least 2-3 times during our stay.  This place is one of the best sports bars in the nation in my opinion.
3	I took a friend here for his birthday, one because of its casual setting (and he isn't big on birthdays) and two because we both love sports.   This place to-date is by far one of the best places to go to watch sports.  We were watching several games simultaneously and loving it.  The food we ordered was great as well.  I am a vegetarian and got the portabella philly and it was tasty.  My friend ordered the typical sports diet of pizza and wings and enjoyed it.  I would have given the place a higher rating but the waiter ignored and did not acknowledge that I told her we were there for my friends birthday.  The drinks were weak and sadly the service was slow and did not warrant the 20% I kindly gave her.All that aside, time well spent!
4	A great place to watch sports while you eat. Even though it's a sports bar, it was not crazy-loud so we could talk in normal voices and not have to yell. The staff seated us right away, and even cleaned up a booth for us which comes with a small TV so we watched the Red Sox game and/or college softball while we ate. The service was great, our waitress checked on us often and was very warm and welcoming. The menu has a good variety of foods and drinks to choose from. The nachos were yummy, especially the salsa, which tasted homemade. The turkey burger with chipotle mayo was also very tasty.
5	Don't you just love YELP and the freedom to pose your own opinions?? :)  I love this place, great food, great service.  What else do you want? I had a philly cheese steak sandwich and i ate the WHOLE thing... it was my bday and I even had the cheese cake my friends got for me.  I know there are a lot of options in Vegas, but I am glad I ended up here.  Yumm Yumm
3	This place was a lot of fun. The girls and I stopped in to have a few drinks, eat and watch game 1 of the OKC vs. Heat game. Lots of ppl having a great time!  Food- good. we just had a sampler appetizer. Drinks- ok. tried some of the specialty cocktails...not too special but oh well. service- nothing to brag aboutAtmosphere Great, lots O tvs and betting right in front!
4	My group of friends went here to eat during New Year's 2012. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the pizza was. It was about 12 bucks for a pizza and it was enough to feed three people. I've only had one experience here, but the pizza was good enough that I was motivated to leave this positive review. Check out this place when you're at NYNY.
4	Great TV setup for sports fans. The food itself was not great, but it was still pretty good. You get a a fair amount for your money, which is nice. Good place to go, watch an event, and nurse a couple pitchers of beers and orders rounds of appetizers.
5	Came in here for lunch. Service was awesome! We were helped by two ladies (one was in training) and they were super friendly and helpful. Well drinks were reasonably priced and strong. Food was excellent and we even got a table in the bar right in front of a TV showing golf. My BF was in heaven. Definitely will make it a point to return on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Excellent food, beer and CUSTOMER SERVICE.Personal TVs on each booth table with 9 channels of sports and then the BIG SCREENS all throughout the place. Our story. A nice romantic night out with my girlfriend for our last night in Vegas and we thought we'd take in the Giants Baseball game and a good meal. I knew the perfect place. We got our table and menus and then it happened. I put my hand in someone's SPIT!It was all over my menu. I almost threw up. I went the bathroom, washed my hands about 6 times and returned. Our waiter Kevin was very apologetic and I appreciated that and understand mistakes happen so we left it at that.The food was delicious, the beer was cold and we were very happy and then the manager came by our table to check in, apologize again (nice touch I thought) and inform me that he was 'comping' my appetizer and beer (a savings of $20!).  We both felt that Kevin, our waiter, had done us a great service and left a big tip....in hindsight we should have add the $20 we saved. I'll keep an eye out for him in the New Year.What exceptional customer service this was. I really appreciated it and I will return on each trip to Vegas. I actually did return a few days later with my dad on our trip and we have another great meal.
4	I think this place is a wonderful place to catch a game if your trip to LV happens to coincide with the big game (which my happened to be) a few weeks ago.Located in the New York, New York Casino, the restaurant is situated next to the area where sports bets can be made.Once you arrive, the hostess asks if you are here to watch a major game and they will give you options of locations to watch it. If you watch it in the bar area you don't need to spend a minimum/person but if you want to eat in the restaurant area, they have a $15/person minimum per hour that they keep tabs on.I understand this policy because it dissuades customers to come here and hog a booth ordering only one beer. Our party was seated in one of the booths facing the huge mural of TV screens. The personal booths had built in speaker systems and a personal TV screen on the table. You could pick the different feeds labeled clearly from the mural to be transmitted to your own TV so it was extremely easy to catch different games at the same time. It's the perfect set-up for any sports fan or sports fan's girlfriend :)Once we were seated at the booth, we clarified the $15/person/hour policy with our server who was extremely professional and nice.  The $15/person policy is making sure you order about that much in food and drink per hour but she's not going to be too strict with it. (E.G. make sure it's $15/hour on the dot) The menu itself is pretty standard sports-bar food with burgers, sandwiches, salads and appetizers. Everything we ordered was pretty well made so I have no complaints there.The pizza was especially well made with a great chewy crust!The chips in the Nachos seemed housemade and it was perfectly crisp.Overall, I would definitely venture back here if my goal was to watch a game. I don't think I would come here purely for food though since there are so many yummy and unique options on the Strip.The hostess was rather cold and uncaring but the servers were all extremely helpful and efficient.There's a storefront located near the entrance of the restaurant that sells sports souvenirs and trinkets of most of the major teams.
1	I never actually got to go in here. They have very limited hours of operation. They are only open after 4:00 or 4:30 and mostly during game-time.  I had to ask the bar tender at Pour 24 if there was any posted hours. He made a call and stated as I had listed above. Maybe next time I visit it will be during some kind of sporting event.
4	This is a 3 star review for the food and 4 stars for the sports and personal tv at our table. The food struck me as typical bar fare and it was good, but not great. Our waitress was really nice and there was plenty to keep my fiancee and I occupied. Add to that no wait for lunch and a small gift shop for some last minute Christmas gifts, it was a good experience.
2	The atmosphere is just fine - a sports bar, next to the sports book, with a bunch of TVs showing awesome sports. Sports. Beyond that, it's only okay.First the positive - the beer selection is fine enough for a sports bar, and the prices are good for the strip. Craft beers are $10 for a 24 oz, which is about as good as you can hope for. From there, it's all disappointing. The service was not rude, but not terribly friendly either. She was slow, inefficient, and dragged things out. We also grabbed some appetizers, most notably nachos, that came out fast enough but were extremely disappointing. The equivalent of cheap nacho cheese, plain chips. Also, an added $4 for steak that wasn't huge on quantity or quality. I'll be back for beers, and only when there is a game on, but that's about it. There's nothing more here to please in my experience.
4	We ended up getting some late night takeout courtesy of myvegas (a Facebook game for slot machine addicts that earns you vegas comps).  The waiter was super friendly even though we squeaked in right before they closed.  I had their chopped salad with turkey, bacon, avocado, green onion, hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, craisins, walnuts and blue cheese tossed in a balsamic dressing.  It was really really good and they didn't skimp on any of the good stuff!  The portions are large and definitely could have been split between two people.  We also ordered fried cheese curds, baja fish burrito, california turkey burger, and cheese filled meatballs and spaghetti.  Overall everyone thought their food was pretty good.  The only complaint was the spaghetti and meatballs.  Apparently the meatballs were a little dry and the spaghetti sauce was a bit acidic for her tastes. If I'm nearby New York New York next time I'm in Vegas, I definitely wouldn't mind stopping by for another meal.
1	My sis and I ordered a specialty Long Island and had to send it back since there was a lingering chemical-like taste after each drink.  We sent it back and got two regular Long Islands that had the same problem. We still felt I'll the next day.  Also, the butternut ravioli was served lukewarm and the chicken on the chicken Caesar salad was dry.  Very disappointing all the way around.
1	Dining at this place reminds me of how customers would feel on an episode of Restaurant Impossible and Kitchen Nightmares on Food Network.  The one star is just for the fish and chips (15.95), which was fresh and fried perfectly.  Everything else we ate seemed to be defrosted and cooked in a microwave, hence the comparison to some restaurants on the shows.  Our server was Wendy, who made it very obvious she did not want to serve us, maybe we were not her type???  We were one of few tables there for a date night.  The Lakers game was on and even though the small screen at our table did not work we were still able to watch both a basketball and hockey game on the larger screens.  It was not busy so Wendy apologized for taking so long to take our order.  She recommended the Grand Slam cocktail ($10) which did not even give me a buzz, I think they forgot to throw the alcohol in it.  We also ordered fish and chips and the large sampler appetizer ($39.99 and so not worth a dime).  This is one of the restaurants where the waitress takes the order and brings drinks and everything else is done by someone else, I always wonder how the tipping works since the waitress does not do much of anything.  It took over 45 minute for the food to come out.  During this time, others were seated at the booths behind and in front of us.  Wendy took extra good care of them, they all got their food before us and some even finished before our food came.  She would check on each table, skip us and not even offer a refill on the bf's soda.  When our food arrived, it looked horrible.  Buffalo wings both boneless and bone in looked like it was the pre-seasoned frozen and microwaved out of a bag.  Cheese curds were soggy.  Riblets were also microwaved.  Chips were stale and the spinach artichoke dip had maybe one artichoke leaf in it, some spinach and the rest was all microwaved cheese and the grease layer had risen to the top, the dish never hit the burner.  We were using a comp so we did not have to pay which was good.  Since Wendy ignored us, we did not leave her a tip.  We dined at a different restaurant in the same casino during the week and left a big tip.  It is not that we are cheap, but tips are not mandatory, especially for horrible service.  Everyone is entitled to their personal opinion about people, but it should not come out as so obvious to customers in a restaurant, since the key to restaurant success is all due to customers.  One star is just for the fish and chips, good, but not so good that we would return.  If the comps were a way of promoting restaurants in this casino, they should take this one off the list.
3	Nothing special.  A typical sports bar.  I had the chicken and ribs plate.  The chicken was good.  I like the BBQ sauce, and the fries (steak) were really good.  I don't usually like steak fries, but these were nice and crispy.  The ribs, however, were really fatty.  May have just been a bad slab, but quality control should have kicked in before they ever made it to my table.  All in all, nothing special.
4	A sports fan paradise. Plenty of big screen sports.  Great staff. Good food.  Good drinks.  I have been here before when it was the ESPN Zone and dont rember it being that nice.  You can find me & sugar foot  in Vegas often and I think this now will be added to the regular joints to visit.
5	Went to watch a game with a couple friends and had a great time. The food was good and plenty of big screens so you can see from anywhere. The exceptional thing about this bar however was our server Alicia tho. It was a pretty packed house and she made sure we were well taken care of and comfortable. She really went above and beyond and I would return to any establishment where I was treated like I wasn't just another person filling a chair-thanks again Alicia!
4	Food is pretty good ..It was reasonably priced.  Can't beat watching 10 sports screens at once!
3	I give the nachos there 5 stars.  They had a dipping sauce for me was perfect and the whole time the nachos didn't go soggy.  Each bite was crunchy and good.The steak was excellent as well but I had problems with one female security guard hounding me the first time I went there.She has an attitude and you can tell.  She speaks with authority like she's a bouncer. when I initially went to the bar the first time she was very sarcastic.  I told it was just for me.  Because I was standing alone and the bar wasn't crowded without any line.  Why she gave me attitude I haven't a clue.But during the end of my stay at the hotel I wanted to go in and get another round of those fresh nachos.  The bouncer wasn't at the desk and another girl said you can go in and choose a seat so I did.Minutes later here she comes "you can't seat yourself!"  Who told you could come in.  I left cussing.  Really I can't believe she was like this.  I'm sorry I don't remember her name but I know she would remember me I would not recommend her service but the nachos I would.
3	Three stars sums this place up. Food is average. Bar is average. The massive amount of TVs is average. I could step outside and head to the sportsbook and maybe my drinks would be cheaper there.
4	Loved this place. Great place to watch a game. I had burger (forgot which one) but it was amazing. Order the nachos and it was good to
2	Not worth it and I would not recommend this place at all. Fish and chips are oily and batter is so crispy that it is falling of the fish. Fries are stale and burn looking. Chicken sandwiches are okay . Friends ate half on other half didn't feel like keeping. Waitress was friendly and great TVs
5	This is a really cool place to catch a game at. My friends and I watched the Redskins game there opening week. The coolest thing about this place is that they assign your table a "player". If that player has a big play in the game (catches or throws a TD etc..) your table gets a free round on the house. Definitely keeps the table more involved with the game and I would definitely go there again.
4	Lots of tv's! Great place to watch football! Service was friendly and good!
1	Really Sporting House? You have the same blowout game on 57 of your televisions and the Chargers/Titans game on one tiny TV that is barely visible in the very back room in front of a bunch of booths. And whoever the man behind the curtain is that controls these decisions is unwilling to come out and talk to a customer. BAD sports bar etiquette.
1	$15/hr per person minimum during Monday Night Football? For all the "average" reviews can you afford to do that? We skipped it at the door based on this silly premise. However, inside; average sports bar! That's it...an average sports bar that has a $15/hr per person minimum. A bunch of tvs blah blah blah...average at best. Lots of other places in the area that don't charge an hourly minimum. And truth be told we went and spent $150 in 4 hours at another pub...all cause they didn't tell us we had to do it(like a parent scolding a child!)Want to be treated like a child and told what you have to spend? Go here. Wanna be an adult in Vegas and choose what you want to spend? Go elsewhere! Last, they redefine happy hour: 4-5pm! Only 2 hours short of the neighboring competitors! Again, enjoy!
1	Let me tell you what,,,,,Dont bother to plan any type of evening around this place.  Went there on Thursday night (slowish night in vegas)  was meeting my niece and fiance for dinner and drinks and to watch the NFL game, was met by a host with an attitude and told it was $15 and hr PER PERSON for the pleasure of eating and drinking in their empty restaurant and watch the game.  I promptly told her I can see why they are empty and proceeded to walk right out.   DONT BOTHER
2	Can't use my 10% off coupon cuz football's on BUT there aren't any football specials and happy hour ends at 5!!!  SUPER Lame!!!  The server IS really nice though.
5	This place is heaven.  The nachos and prime rib are on point!  Service was whatever but the food is so good it just cancels it out.  He was nice but just not around too much...then again if he was too attentive he probably would have been annoying.  Must go!!!!
4	Walking into The Sporting House the Sunday I was in Las Vegas was one of the best decisions I have made. Every NFL game was on, great atmosphere, and you are given a player from a team and if he scores or gets points you drink for free.I had a blast there, and I highly recommend going! Great food, service, and reasonably priced.
4	A sports fan paradise... Nice place to watch any game, BIG screens everywhere.. I give their BACON & CHEDDAR BURGER a 5 star.. It was #BOMB, I went in craving wings and gotta say... Little upsetting, the wings weren't go great. I'll go back
4	As we only have a couple beers this review belongs to the Sports-Bar experience only. As someone who's not used to this kind of Sportbars (I'm from Europe) i love this kind of establishment. Here you have a great option to hang a few hours and watch some sports. Great service and this kind of atmosphere you miss back home....
5	I was a little skeptical about getting steak and shrimp at a sports bar...but it was delicious!  I don't know what they do to their mashed potatoes but I want to find out :-)The atmosphere was great and the service excellent.  We had a circular booth that had an attached touch screen TV and speakers around the back that we controlled.  One of the best sports viewing experiences that I've had!
2	My main issue with this place is the way the football games are set up to be played on the tv screens. A group of friends and I decided to watch a 1:30 game here. There were no spots available for a group of 10 on the first floor so we decided to try upstairs. When we sat down we asked the waitress which screen the game we wanted to watch was going to be playing on. She informed us that it would be one of the smaller screens in front of us. As soon as the game started someone changed the channel to a different game. We asked if it could be changed back to the channel it was on before, but the waitress said there was nothing she could do.  She was kind enough to bring out the manager for us to speak to. Now at this point it's a group of 10 of us plus a family of six in front of us that want to watch the same game. We pleaded our case to the manager, Matt, who was extremely rude and stand-offish. He ended up throwing his hands up in the air and walking away leaving us in mid sentence. Now up until this point, our experience there was average. The waitress was very attentive and friendly, but some of our food items came out cold. After speaking to Matt the manager we asked if there was anyone else we could speak to. A different manager came out and in a more polite manner told us the same thing. We asked if we could close out our tab and requested that he speak to Matt on his customer service skills and maybe look into a different system of how to organize the way that the games are displayed so that this type of incident doesn't happen again. I'm not the type of person to complain but when two separate tables, 16 people total, request to have one tv screen changed to the game they want to watch, it makes lots of business sense to grant those request. With the type of management and logic that this place is run with, I will not be a return customer and I will make sure my friends and family know what type of establishment this is. The only reason this place gets two stars and not one is because of our waitress.
1	Terrible!! When we are greeted @ the door the hostess tells us there is a $15.00 minimum per person per hour...trust me that's not a problem but such a turn off to be there greeting. We had a bunch of appetizers and  none were good. People... stop serving Guacomole from a bag it's awful!!!! Fresh is best...duh!
1	Visited on a Saturday with three friends. It wasn't very crowded but the waitress rarely visited our table, didn't refill drinks and brought food for my friends that was almost room temperature. My friends were halfway through their meals when my food came and a friends fries to go with wings. The wings tasted good to me but were not hot, my friend said the chili in the bread bowl was bland, my french dip came out with one side soggy and the so called parmesan fries were fries with way too much dry parmesan cheese on top. I thought parmesan fries would be tossed in parmesan and then fried. They weren't very good. Our waitress had cleaned a nearby table dropped some items off her tray one of them being a reddish brown sauce of some kind that spilled all over my and my friend sitting next to me who was wearing white. I had so many spots on my shirt, sauce running down my leg and so did my friend. The waitress nonchalantly apologized and brought out wet napkins but took way too long to do so, we had already been cleaning ourselves with napkins and water. No manager ever came by to smooth things over which I thought was strange. So after we paid the bill I got the managers attention to tell him what happened. He then apologized but didn't offer us anything. I wasn't intending to ask for money off or for anything free but i've had lesser problems at restaurants and recieved a better response from the manager. So I wouldn't visit this place again as the service was bad, and the food wasn't good.
4	I've never quite known what to call it, there's no adjective that really describes why part of me enjoys visiting these sports bar or restaurants, and to those who will say "well do you like sports?" the answer is, I don't dislike sports but I'm not really any regular follower of anything either.  Others might say "well they have beer" and while that certainly can help, so do most bars so there's more to it than that!As a result, and also partially because I'm determined to use some unusual adjective to describe this phenomenon I'll just go with, I seem to have some kind of odd simpatico with sporting bars!Part of it is definitely that when I'm in the mood I just enjoy the general emotion, noise and fast paced atmosphere of these places.  I have a stressful work life, and these places seem to help me to disconnect from that for a bit in a way that other places just don't - it might sound odd, but believe me it actually works (for me at least) and in the case of the visit here I was just starting a well needed vacation.Our server was great, both friendly and helpful.  He explained all the specials they had going on and was very attentive and everything was brought out quickly despite the fact it was quite busy while we were there.Definitely a good place, especially if you're staying in the New York New York hotel and also have your own adjective that draws you to this kind of venue!
3	Food was fine, but our waitress was either high or dumb, couldn't tell. She forgot our drinks for about 20 minutes, then brought the wrong stuff. The seating area was great to watch a game, couldn't hear anything over the blasting speakers so not much of a place to go to have a conversation. Location in the NYNY is awesome, just behind the sports book. My husband went here last year for March Madness and said he and his group had a great time.
5	Great food and environment
4	Good wings, fair priced beers and the staff were obliging when asked to change a channel or two..... It was quiet, but I was in there at 4pm on st pats day, everyone in Irish bars.....
3	So if you need to catch a game but want some food as well, this is the place to go. Other than the TV's everywhere showing every game currently playing there is really nothing special about this spot.Our waitress did an okay job. The drinks were a bit weak and pricey. I had the Steak sandwich with French fries. I have to say it was pretty decent for a sports bar.I wouldn't go back, it's not really my thing, but you may like it!
4	Formally the ESPN ZoneWas here for March Madness, they had every game on. Tons of waitresses, fast service, great specials. No complaints from me at all. Only gave 4 stars because this is VEGAS! There are lots of high quality places to eat at. But for watching sports here, this place wont disappoint. As for food goes, I very much enjoyed the pepperoni pizza. It will set you back about $13
3	Not a bad place to go and watch sports.  There are a lot of small TV in crappy spots.  If someone was intelligent when building the place, they would have put large TV's in higher locations on the wall.  Other than that, food is avg.  Only thing I would eat again is the chicken wings.  Get them plain and 4 flavor a on the side.  It's the way to go if you end up here.
4	This place seemed to be a bit of a dive about 5 years ago but they have renovated it nicely. They have 2 huge tv screens and several smaller screens in the restaurant and each booth has its own screen and speakers. They also have a good happy hour and their regular beer is priced well. As for food we had the happy hour special nachos. They were a large portion for $4 but the processed cheese it came with was disgusting and it was not worth it. We also had dessert and it was pretty standard but huge portions.We did not have dinner so I can't comment on that. It is definitely a great place to drink beer and watch the game.It is also convenient that the sportsbook is right outside the door.
