1	BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!this place would have been nice if:1. the hot water heater worked2. the room was closer to the pool and spa3. the spa was hotter4. instead of what was supposed to be in the shower, they had three huge rings that looked like smashed condoms.5. the sofa bed was broken6. the tv was broken7. the shuttle service to the strip was slow8. housekeeping didnt clean but expected a tip9. did i mention the room was bad?this place sucked!!!
1	Ok seriously these people are annoying. The act like they are from the las vegas visitors bureau but they are TIMESHARE reps. Ok sure I got two tickets for peepshow and two spice market buffet ticks for dirt cheap but the presentation for 2 hours was NOT worth my time. First Carol who was our rep was annoying. She would ask me questions like how much do I think a hotel room is on average a night- well in Vegas right now about $50. She said that's not realistic more like $150 (um not sure where in Vegas she is talking about, we paid under $80 a night for THE HOTEL at mandalay bay). Basically, a person would be looking at $5,000 a year for a week of vacation. Pretty damn insane and I wasn't impressed at all. She called me out and was like you are here for the gifts aren't you. I looked at her and said YES I AM. They offered them and I wanted them and I sat through the crap. Once we said no she didn't say two words to us. Really unprofessional and the show and buffet were sub par. Seriously don't waste your time. Buy the tickets outright and save yourself some time.
1	In 2008, my husband and i visited the model condo.  We decided to get the three nights stay.  We thought the condos were too modern for us.  When we arrived in April 2010 to use our three nigh stay, we were greeted by an overbearing salesperson who identified himself as a concierge.  He constandly stated that he needed to sign paper regarding our lease.  What lease??  We only bought a three night stay.  We were harassed and victimized by him.  He tried to show us a 4 bedroom condo.  We told him many times before that we were interested in purchasing anything.  Finally, paper work  to sign...................It was only a comment sheet.  We were appalled that he told at least 3 hours of our vacation time.  I wrote a complain letter to his supervisor and other managers.  We didn't have anything from them. Our experience at Westgate Las Vegas was awful.  Will never stay there again.
1	Westgate, I hate you!Wish I felt better after writing that but alas, I don't. I had purchased a 2 night package for Planet Hollywood.  For $200 we were going to get $50 of chips and 2 nights.  We had to attend a 90 minute presentation.  Fine, I can do that for a nice weekend room at the PH.When my plans fell through I was told I wasn't going to get my money back (I knew that) and that I had until April 2011 to use the hotel (1 yr from date of purchase).  I made reservations in Nov for the MLK weekend in Jan.  I called to confirm my MLK plans and was told that Westgate no longer does business with PH and instead they can offer us Westgate Flamingo.  2.5 miles away from the strip? Are you kidding me? The manager quoted me that the contract says that they can change locations as they see fit.  To a comparable place, one would hope!  When I asked for my money back I was told that that's also a "no can do." So I am a week from heading to Vegas and I have some interesting things that I'll be doing: staying NOWHERE near my original plans (and where our friends are staying), fighting with my credit card to dispute a transaction and paying a helluva fee to stay at another hotel. Thank you for ruining my weekend, a$$holes.
2	Hubby and I got suckered into a presentation for thei Westgate Vacation Club while on vacation in Las Vegas last week.  We got free dinner and a show for our 2hours of time.  All in all the presentation was good, the condo units seem pretty nice, and the idea is a great one for people who want to travel more.  However we do not make any snap decisions and told the sales people that, well you would have thought the world was ending....all of a sudden the higher up sales person accuses us of not being truthful with them, of not making sense since we want to go on more vacations and wanting to spend more time with family....why would we not want to buy into their vacation club....we had to suffer through 2 other sales people and say NO like 10 times before they would let us leave.   It was more stressful that it should have been....and after being treated that way will never buy anything from Westgate Resorts...  You just don't treat people like that.
1	I'm a cardiac anesthesiologist, and my wife and I like getting free stuff.  So when we passed by PH and were offered 3day/2night hotel, a $50 visa debit card, 2 sets of tickets to mediocre shows which we did not attend (I wasn't interested), we decided to listen to their 90 min presentation.I was prepared for high pressure sales tactics.  Since we did not buy the timeshare, this is a review of their pressured attempts to sell us.First, they walked us across the street to a place and then realized it was not the right resort.  We waited for 15-20min for a van to take us to the right place.When we arrived, they we're all nice.  They brought me coffee while we waited for our sales rep, and then once he was ready, we had access to OJ, coffee (just okay), oatmeal, danishes, muffins, etc. for breakfast.Our sales rep, Edgar, was a small mexican guy who was really rude.  He kept saying that we couldn't afford what he was offering and for us to just take the free gifts.  This might've been a little of my fault since I told him I only made $60k / yr, but once I told him the truth, he still used the same "you can't afford this, prove me wrong" sales technique.  He did know I was an anesthesiologist up front however, so maybe he just didn't believe my initial $60k annual salary - and just continued with his "prove me wrong" condescending sales technique.The other sales technique he used was "impending event."  In other words, we had to buy now (of course) to take advantage of no credit check and being able to use other companies timeshares for $20-30 extra / week if they didn't have a Westgate resorts timeshare available in the area you wanted to vacation in.To be perfectly honest, Edgar was such a fast talker that I didn't understand all the benefits of being an owner.  He kept skipping out on many important facts like "in what other cities are the timeshares located?" and also "what is the maintenance fee?" despite asking him several times.They have something to say for every response you can give them.  One thing that was a huge red flag for me was that they didn't let me use my phone to look up reviews and that they didn't want me to call back tomorrow after looking up the reviews.  I was honestly interested in buying, but it was just not possible to call back later to buy after looking up the reviews.  I don't even like watching movies before looking at reviews!After a prolonged presentation and even though we could've easily afforded buying the 2-bed condo in cash (I think it was about $40k total), I basically had to say "I cannot afford it" for them to let us go and get our gifts (and they were condescending about it).  Then two more people came by and offered us lowered prices and special payment plans, but we basically had to say "sorry we can't afford it."Finally, we were allowed to leave and received our gifts as promised.  The whole experience took about 3 hours.I don't think Edgar is normally a rude, condescending guy, but I really do think that this was his sales style using the sales technique "prove-me-wrong-that-you-can-afford-this," as well as the technique of "impending event," and finally of course "reciprocity" (by giving us the free gifts and thus feeling obligated).  There are probably several other sales techniques that were used and that I'm not remembering (gimme a break, I'm a physician and we do not study marketing in school!), but those are the main ones that come to mind.  I guess the sales technique of lowering the initial price to something significantly better is another technique that was used.After reading these reviews here, I'm SO GLAD I did NOT buy from them!I actually feel a little sorry for Edgar and the rest of the sales people.  Their act of preying upon susceptible people and force selling sets up a large amount of negative karma for the sales people, and it isn't a very respectable job by any means.
1	horrible salesman.  trying to get you to pay $5k for bull shit promises.  stay away.  not worth your time or money.
1	Buying a Westgate timeshare was the biggest mistake I've ever made. Every other bad choice in my life has at least ended up leading me somewhere better or helped me to become a better person down the road, but not the timeshare. This bad decision sucked a ton of money out of me and continues to do so for maintenance and taxes every year, and I haven't gotten ANYTHING out of it except for years worth of scam artists cold-calling me to get MORE money out of me to supposedly sell it - a scam that probably works a lot with Westgate owners because having this $#@! timeshare is such a MISERABLE experience. EVERY time I have tried to use my timeshare, there has been something new pop out of the woodwork. "Oh sorry, that resort will be an extra $1000 fee because it's ski season." "Oh sorry, that resort, and that one, and that one, and yes, those other ones, are all full." "Oh sorry, there's a new rule at Planet Hollywood now where you have to bank your week by September 30th of the previous year or it's gone until 2014. Yes, we know that Westgate used to allow you to use it in off-years, but we're Hilton now. Tough luck." We were promised easy booking, plenty of availability, lots of choices for resorts, a big grand opening party when PH opened... nothing. I've had none of that. The timeshare presentation was smoke and mirrors, and now I own a worthless so-called "vacation" package I have not been able to actually use ONCE in 4 years. And I've been paying over $650 in taxes every year for the privilege of NOT actually going on vacation.DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT let these scam artists suck you in. If only I had read reviews before signing that paper. If only.
1	check out david seegel 100 million dollar house... it s the biggest house in america.... the movie.. queen of versailles..... he needs to money to finish this   disgusting display of selfishness and greed...  he should be helping animals and the poor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	-000000 Worst "resort" ever!OOPS - Wrong Westgage Resort - This review is for the Branson, MO LocationAfter traveling all day, I arrived at the Westgate hotel around 5:30 PM - it took me 2 1/2 hours to get a room.  This was after:1.   They told me they had no rooms that would accommodate my reservation ( I had two disabled senior citizens in my group)2. I was sent to a room that was already occupied3. Finally placed in another room and THEN received call from front desk stating I was in the wrong room4. Conversations with numerous staff members (none that were communicating with each other).  After complaining to the "manager" my compensation was that I could receive complimentary Wi-Fi (which I had been told was free).  Funny thing is - no Wi-Fi, even after calling the front desk AGAIN (where they told me they would charge me...hmmm Free??)...Ultimately never received Wi-Fi connection.  I would recommend that no one ever stay at this resort as their customer service is a negative 0!  PS:  The room was not as pictured online, very old & musty with a cover up of bleach smelling.
1	My husband and I visited this time share presentation. What was suppose to be a 90 minute presentation turned into 3 hours.  My sister and her boyfriend were with us.   Our Vacation Consultant Janice Spikes had no professional training.  She tried to presser us into buying into their program.  Not to mention she was pushing her own business and churches.  We thanked her for her time, and politely  told her no thank you.  Here come rep #2 to discount the price, No thank you, finally rep #3 wants to know what he can do to get us to buy, "Nothing" , no means no. I got my $95.00 cash and left.  On our way out I wanted to tell potential buyers to go back.Worst Timeshare presentation I have been to.
1	Westgate resorts are full of shit, nothing but rob people for money and get the big guy even richer! Worst experience we ever had , when they tried to get me and my wife to buy timeshare, forcing us , just to get our Disney tickets they promised for half price , after this experience I really should of bought the tickets full price. Thanks God we ranned out of their waiting area right when they wanted us to sign the contract!! Thank you God , that we got away from these people!! Don't be fooled ! Look at people's reviews from experience . Don't Waiste your time , money ! No no no you will regret it believe me! Wow just to see other review , it sucks people got screwed!! Hope fully they go out of business and stop robbing people!
1	I was very disappointed with my experience with Westgate  Resorts.  I was approached in the mall by a representative who offered tickets to a show for $20.00 if I would go to listen to a 90 min presentation.  I went and ended up spending 3 hours.  The offer looked interesting and I told them I wanted a day to research before I made my final decision.  They told me that I could do that but they would hold on to my tickets and to call the next day to arrange pick up.  I called my representative twice and left a message.  Cody never returned my call and I never received a call back or my tickets.  So I ended up losing $20.00 and 3 hours.  What's more concerning is that in the presentation I was told that my personal representative would be there to help me once I signed up.  Based on the fact I had called and left messages with no returned call only makes me wonder what the service would be like if I actually signed up.  The business card I received was also for a different company, so it also makes me wonder how committed the representative is to his job.  With all of the promises it just sounds too good to be true.  If you do decide to take advantage of the offer, here are some tips.When asked:How often you go to Vegas, say once every couple of yearsHow many vacations you go on in a year, keep it lowHow much you spend per trip, keep it lowThe questions are ammunition to convince you their program is a good deal.  If you resist and tell them it is out of your budget they will likely offer you a foreclosure for nearly half the original cost.This whole experience has put such a bad taste in my mouth I will never go to a presentation again.
1	People,It's so plane and simple.  If you're an idiot and you don't care about where you waste your money and you want to be treated like trash then by all means go give your money to these losers, like so many dumb people have. But, if you value your family, time, and money, stay away from this disgusting company and their putrid sales staff.
1	I wouldn't even give this one star but no star isn't an option. You get approached by them asking, "would you like great deals on shows or dinner?"- that's their sales pitch, right? But of course you know it's about a time share. And you tell them you're not interested but the person presenting you your deals about discounted show tickets and dinner is extremely friendly - "Just compare your hotel to our resort, only a 90 min presentation. You get a nice lunch (not- old subs sitting there the whole day and a bag of chips) and we'll hook you up with all these shows or a dinner and $100". We made the biggest mistake and gave in!!You get set up with a sales person, ours was Samuel and he was friendly in the beginning but you tell them you're not interested and he became extremely rude. I regret not reporting him to a manager or someone above him about the way he treated us after we said no to signing up for a timeshare. After saying no repeatedly, he told us "well you're not going to find anything for $1, you only came here for show tickets", as if we were even interested in a timeshare in Vegas in the first place! And yes we were there for discounted show tickets! Your initial sales pitch to getting anyone to listen to your presentation on your timeshare resort are discounted tickets to shows! Why is this a shock?!Buying a timeshare  is not a decision you make over a 3 hr presentation! Yes, they will keep you way over 90min.It pretty much ruined our day just because they treat you like shit when you don't sign up for a timeshare. They were so rude - even a manager said "ugh, just give them their tickets and get them out of here".Resort was nice but just based on how we were treated, I wouldn't recommend anyone to westgate resort- at least not getting suckered into this situation like we were.
1	I have thought that maybe my post will be useful to those who have bought or thinking of buying.It has been said a lot of negative things about  Westgates,and I am not going there,They all are true.Period. But you can get out if you act fast. We got into it too (stupid,but people act stupid in Vegas :),but thanks to your guys posts,we desperately wanted out.And we acted fast. According to NV law,you have FIVE days to reject a time-share property you purchased,and it has to be in writing.We sent overnight letter to the showroom in Vegas,to their headquarter in FL,to the resort itself and to the title company.Just in case.We got out and got our deposit back. Our son is still mocking at us that we really went Vegas.lol. There are also ways to get out after five days,but they are more complex. If you got yourself into this trap,research NV time-share law and act. Hope my post will prevent somebody from buying into it or help get out in time.
1	The wife and I did a Westgate timeshare presentation in Branson MO. We were going to do it at The Woods, but then were "upgraded" to their Emerald Pointe location. The salesman said were swapping a woods view for a lake view. Turns out we traded a woods view for a view of the parking lot and garbage cans with thin walls so we could clearly hear the screaming kids in the lake view room next door. When we asked for another room we were told the lake view rooms were for owners. The timeshare presentation was supposed to be 90 min but as usual lasted 2.5 hrs, even though I expedited the close because we were used to the tactics. The first offer was 50 grand for one week in two bedroom, which can be split into two weeks if you split it with one week of one bedroom lake view and with view of the parking lot. I told our salesperson that was exorbitant and to bring on "the manager who is just going to review everything" second offer. As is typical, she offered a biannual week for 11 grand, then nine grand as last offer. Thankfully, there was not another manager to review everything was done correctly and then offer yet another offer as is customary with other timeshare companies. Overall not too pushy for timeshare salespeople but wholly crap, Westgate really values their garbage can view properties. I told them we would think about after researching online which I wasn't able to do since Westgate doesn't offer free wifi. I then asked when we would be eligible for for another timeshare presentation so we could stay another two nights for $99.
1	Was taken to the 'welcome desk' after checking into the LVH. The hotel staff (which is otherwise cool) has been trained by this corporation to prey on ignorant vacationers in a very sleazy and manipulative way. They're like pushy car salesmen, but ten times worse. Very disrespectful and don't take NO for an answer. Left a bad taste in my mouth and certainly won't be returning to the LVH because of this. Gross.
1	One star is waaaay to high for this place. Lies, lies, and more lies. Plan on spending half the day, not 90 minutes. Oh and oops they ran out of the show tickets you were promised. Plus the place is a dump and they are looking for suckers to pay $69,000 for a one week a year time share so they can use your money to fix it up. You will leave angry, guaranteed!
1	Westgate Resorts.....stay far away from these aggressive rudeeeeeeeeeeeeee  people  period.....or you will be sorry....I got up after 95 minutes and walked out.....after I told them no .....the Spanish lady...got ever rudder and so did the initial presenter  the brother  with the cheap jewelry on.....who probably lived up the street at the motel.
1	These people are crazy rude! My girlfriend and I stopped at the appeal of free stuff. We signed up for a 90 minute tour for the following day at 930am. Then it was 1015 but they said to arrive at 930 so now it went from 1.5 hours to 2.25 hours!  We started to doubt all of this and the guy started flailing his arms all over and making sounds of disappointment.  We stuck around and finished the paper work, gave the 40 dollar deposit and left.  Walked back 5 minutes later to cancel after looking them up on yelp and yes,  you guessed it, the dude acted like the world ended. Then we tried to get our papers back and they said no. My girl grabbed them off the counter and tore them up and walked away. Stay away from these people complete A holes!!!!
4	Ok James Bond fans, here it is The Whyte House from Diamonds are Forever! This is the hotel used for the exterior shots. When the film was shot it was owned by Howard Hughes (a personal friend of film producer Cubby Broccoli) and it was called The International. Check it out, just don't go climbing around the penthouse.  Also if you follow me (Jay Amernick) on Social Cam I have a James Bond Diamonds Are Forever Video Location Guide! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	This hotel, in its 3 rd life, now as the Westgate, is tired. The hot water handle came off in my hand. There's mold on the wallpaper in my bathroom. It's a throwback, but not in a nostalgic way. On a positive note the staff is friendly sand there are lots of people there to help you. Let's hope the new owner pumps money into updating the facilities.
1	I didn't realize that Westgate had just bought LVH. This was our first time staying here (call it the Westgate or the LVH) It's really hard to believe this is under new management.... Apparently we stayed on the 'renovated' 23rd floor, but I began to wonder as we walked down to our room, as the hallways were clearly old, smelly, with falling apart baseboards, and old wall paper..The room was not much better. I think it would better if I just enumerate the problems we encountered. 1. When checking in, the lady at the front desk asked us if we wanted a king bed, we said, 'yes.' She said that she upgraded our room for us. We said 'Thank you' (incidentally, it was the lady's last day, so we thought maybe that's why she upgraded us, or maybe that's what all hotels say in Vegas??)2. We get to the room, which, yes was huge (hence 'upgraded") we look over to our 'king' size bed, to find that it was, in fact, a MURPHY BED in a double size. I would have called to complain but we literally had to run out the door as soon as we got there to pick up my parents from the airport. (Anyways, why would such a huge room need a Murphy bed??)3. When it was finally time for bed, I pull down the sheets to find a stain... was it blood? was it rust? I didn't care. I can't sleep in a bed with stains. Especially not in Vegas!4. When I called to have the sheets changed, it took housekeeping a full hour to come to our room, which was at 1am when they finally came. The housekeepers were actually quite nice. They went through three sets of sheets to find us one that didn't have stains on it. (and it was actually them who kept changing the sheets, not us requesting!)5. The overall cleanliness of the room was terrible. Besides the sheet problem, there were stains on the lampshade on the desk. Their were stains on the carpet. There were stains on the wall. There were even two dirty handprints on the ceiling (!!???) The shower was disgusting, the tile floor had grime in the grout, I actually showered with my flip flops on. 6. One of the circuits blew in our room, taking out two lamps and the fridge and a few outlets. very odd. 7. The resort fee is $20 a day (it used to be $18 something when it was LVH, which they honored for us, since we booked our hotel when it was still LVH, which was nice) I don't really know what the resort fee is for, considering you can only have one device connected to the internet per day, and you have to renew that connection everyday. 8. We requested, as well as my parents, to get a room somewhat close to each other. They gave us each a room on the 23rd floor, on the COMPLETE OPPOSITE END of the floor... it was seriously a quarter mile walk in between our rooms! ridiculous. On top of that, the hallway STANK walking through it. I'm sorry, but this was not a pleasant stay for us. I don't like writing negative reviews, but I felt this was necessary. I really cannot foresee us ever staying here again.
1	This is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. If I could give it less than one star I would. I booked 5 nights through a travel agent and upon check in they told me they only have me down for 4 nights. I showed them my booking and receipt and they said they would honor it. Upon check out I saw they still charged me for the 5th night even though they were NOT supposed to and said it had been taken care of. I went to the front desk and they told me it was a mistake and that they would refund the money. I took the receipt for the refund and thought that was the end of it. When I checked my statement I saw they had NOT refunded the money. They just gave me a receipt as if they did it but didn't complete the transaction. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS! When I was talking to the front desk another customer was complaining about the same issue... Coincidence or professional scammers? Probably the latter. I was only staying here because I was exhibiting at the convention center and since it was my first time I thought it would be best to stay close. NEVER AGAIN! Now I see that many other hotels have shuttles to the convention center and I will NEVER stay in their disgusting rooms again!Trust me do NOT stay here even if they give it to you for free!
1	If no stars were possible, I would rate this  a 0!  I was given a different room then I booked.   Upon entering the room it smelled stale, the walls were filthy, and the bathroom not cleaned well.   As for the bed, the upholstery was ripping, the comforter was lumpy, and the box spring mattress caved in the middle. I've stayed at some questionable motels during road trips across country and this hotel by far took the cake.   The same room service cart from the room next to mine stayed there for 3 days.    I saw a maid walk by it 2 days out and put her Popsicle stick on it continuing to walk  passed it.    Now, let's talk about the eateries.   The breakfast cafe HORRIBLE! After being seated it took someone 20 mins to ask us if we wanted a drink, then 20 minutes for the waitress to take our order, and 45 minutes to get the less than appetizing food.   Vince Neil's Cantina.. You're better off going to Taco Bell.   I only chose this place due to the close proximity to the Mr Olympia Convention.  Lesson learned for next year. Save your money!
3	In 2012 I stayed here when it was called the LVH. When you walk in... it looks gorgeous. Beautiful chandelier and the floor is spotless. I hate staying directly on the strip so I stayed here a few times during the year I worked in Vegas. Seeing the reviews now... looks like it might have gotten worse. I always liked the hotel. A few hiccups when I stayed there but nothing that would stop me from recommending it to others. My rooms were clean, large. I always tried to stay on the side over the pool so I could see when happy hour was and get down and get in line. Lots of food options... and the buffet included wine. Based on the most recent reviews, I would still give the hotel a shot... will update after my next stay
2	I come to Vegas for work a lot and have stayed all over the place.  This time I had to go cheap because I was billing the client and I got a deal online for 35 a night, I thought what a wonderful price.  I am glad I paid that cheap because the 20 a night reseort fee is a friggin joke.  The young man that checked me in said well all the places do it, well sonny, you are not the Bellagio or Ceasars, sheesh, I don't think Exaclibur even changes that much.Lets break it down, what do you get?  1. Free local calls (ever hear of a cell phone). 2. Internet for one device (we had our own, plus smart phones) and 3. use of the cardio room (the most run down place in the hotel!)I basically paid 60 dollars for something I didn't even use.The room was bog and clean, the overall hotel just had an old feeling to it.  I was amazed how letters were missing from signs and things broken.  You would think that the Westgate would take care of that if they want to draw the crowds.When you take the average night room rate which I think is around 75 and add the 20 resort fee, I can think of quite a few better joints to stay at in Vegas.
3	So the name has changed, again.  But that's pretty much the only thing that has changed.  The rooms are the same and the casino, restuarants, etc, are all the same as before.  I like coming here because it's cheap (ask for player's card discounts) and not far from the strip.  As far as the rooms go, it really depends on which tower you get.  I've stayed in all the towers, and Central Tower rooms seem to be the nicest, but not by much.  You basically get what you pay for, but I"ve never had any complaints or problems here.  If there is a problem, they usually try their best to make it right (comp rooms, free food, etc.)The casino isn't very big but they have all the games you need.  There's also a big sports betting area that looks very nice.  As for the buffet - unless it's free, I'd recommend skipping it.  It's about $25 but the food is not very good.  Actually, I don't think any of the food served at this hotel is very good...As long as I get deals and remain broke, Westgate/LVH/Hilton will continue to be my go-to hotel for weekend vegas trips.
3	Excellent service from the start. more to come on this later.
2	1) I was supposed to have the option of a king sized bed or two full sized bed. The guy never asked me which one I wanted and gave me a room with 2 full sized beds. When I walked in my room my initial thought was that it smelled like smoke. Great. I turned on the air and left for a few hrs. Luckily the smelled died down when I returned. 2) for those that believe in spirits, I definitely felt a third presence in the room while I was sleeping in room 445 with my daughter. Didnt feel dangerous though.3) in the morning I had a question regarding 2 charges I had on my bank account from Westgate so I called them and got a very bitchy lady on the phone that kept interrupting me and had me on hold for 10 minutes.4) the resort fees are pretty ridiculous. This hotel isnt all that to be having $18 resort fees.
2	So I came back here six or so months after my last visit to what was then LVH. I wasn't impressed then, but I got an offer that was too good to refuse (two nights for $19/night plus resort fees). Upon returning...well, not much has changed besides the name.Rooms: The rooms are an OK size with some nice views. I was in 2442 in the central tower, and I could see SLS to one side and Wynn/Encore on the other. The bed is comfortable; the bathrooms, though? Not so much. It took a good 5-7 minutes for my shower to heat up last night, and the water pressure wasn't good. Additionally, there were some unexplainable black blotches on the tub (almost ink-like).As far as amenities are concerned, you supposedly get free wi-fi with your resort fee. I say supposedly because I would not know for sure. I own a MacBook Pro laptop and an iPhone, and neither device was able to connect to the wi-fi in the hotel (seriously, folks, move into the 21st century). Meanwhile, the casino floor is usually dead, the buffet (per my father, who I met in Vegas) isn't great, and the monorail really IS your best friend if you stay here.I can't in good conscience give this place one star. The staff is friendly, the rooms aren't awful, and I certainly don't feel ripped off given the deal I got. However, would I recommend it to others, especially at full-price? Absolutely not. There are better, probably cheaper options in better locations, and unless the new folks in charge change things and change them quickly, I'm not entirely sure Westgate will be in business much longer.
1	This was by far the worst hotel I have every stayed in, this is the 3rd. owner of this building, the Hilton was first, then LVH was the second and now Westgate Resort, check in took a little over 45mins.one of the hotel staff pass out a small bottle of water to people waiting in the check in line, when I got to the room the first thing I notice that the bed did not have a bed spread on the bed so I turn around and ask housekeeping where was my spread she came in and told me they don't use spreads any more one top sheet a thin blanket follow by another sheet, two bottle water $4.00 each coffee two 8oz cups $3.50 each to use the internet hook up in the room $13.99 both phones still have LVH logo on them as the ink pens also laundry/ cleaning bag, this is what really piss me off, I left for a event on Sat morning around 6:45am I return to my room around 2:25pm my room had not been clean I pick the phone up so fast to call the hotel the stupid hotel front desk ( I wish I could remember her name) apparently thought I was a Idiot telling me that housekeeping was still cleaning the rooms......oh yeah at 2:25 most hotels check in is 3:00pm I wonder how many more rooms they forgot to clean, if I could give this hotel a BIG FAT ZREO! I would gladly, so if you don't want your room clean and the staff lying to you then by all means check in here.
1	The Westgate was a horrible experience. The room i stayed in was a dump in my view. Stains on the carpet, armchair and beadspread. desk chair broken, window filthy, fridge dirty, furniture scratched and old but, strangely the bed was quite comfortable. The bathroom wasnt clean....a very long black hair was twirled in a big loop inside the bath tub. the vent above the tub was caked with dust. wifi didnt work and it took the internet engineer 90 mins to get here to fix it. the whole place reeks of cigarette smoke and Elvis music is blaring constantly in elevators, lobby areas, restrooms and casino. food not bad. service...lousy. my cowekers had similar complaints. i will never stay in this place again. its dirty, dark and depressing.
1	PLEASE dont reserve here you pay for EVERYTHING literally, additional resort fees 19.99 + TAX ask what paying for.... the safe lock that i didnt even use, internet service really didnt use that either, to top that off I got all receipts before I checked out, I check my bank account and was charged 7.00, of course I called they tell me for 2 cups of coffee WTF, i say there is nothing that say there is a fee for the coffee, rep tells me its on the cup the cost is printed on the cup. I had to LOL this hotel was a joke you get what you pay for plus you get riped off by all these additonal charges. so the moral of this story is stay away, read EVERYTHING you may be charged for extra towels you might wanna ask before using. You may be charged for extra sugar please ask before you do, if you flush the toilet to many times watch out you may be charged for it. YOU will get ripped off trust me ....check everything for extra charges. I will never visit this place again. got burned once wont get burned again. lesson learned. pay for a nicer hotel and get your moneys worth, because this one wasnt at all worth it
5	This hotel is such a legend I am so excited for all the new renovations that are going to happen
2	Well I'm sorry to say my last visit at the new Westgate LVH was some what of a disappointment . I had reservation's for a handicap room and it wasn't ready so i was put in a regular room and than the heat did not work and i must have my room warm , so they put a block for the room i needed the next day , so much for VIP service , well i got the room i need BUT ! the heat in this room also did not work and to top it off the light in the restroom would not go on , right about than i was thinking what the hell , i called housekeeping and the problem was resolved  ,well i went back up to the room to check on the room only to find that there was a leak in the restroom coming from the ceiling so another problem for housekeeping , what now , i know this Hotel is old but please give me a break , i love staying here I've been staying at the Hotel for about 50 yrs and have seen all the changes but its time to make some repairs , and i will return , I do enjoy eating at TJ'S Stake House and the Buffet  also at the Paradise Cafe where i have some friend's .
2	Booked a room pretty last minute at the Westgate Las Vegas on Chase Ultimate Rewards website. Other hotels were well north of $100 a night for a busy weekend, but the UR rate was just $55 per night, so I figured midst well give it a shot. Westgate is off-strip; very close to the LV Convention Center and has a monorail stop (would be more useful if the monorail actually ran 24/7). They ended up charging a resort fee of around $20 per night, which included useless local phone calls, wifi for one device, and fitness center access (a complete rip off). We got a Classic room in the Center Tower. The room itself was decent - pretty large in size, two double beds (wish they were queens) and a LCD TV. The bathroom felt very antiquated, but was clean. Cab rides to and from the strip on a busy Saturday night ran around $15-20 including tip. Overall, Westgate was a clean, affordable option if you just need a place to crash, and don't mind being a little removed from the action.
4	I think others judge this hotel too harshly... my rating is based on value for the price.  I didn't use the in-room Keurig machine at $3.50 a cup - so take your own Keurig pods and a cup with you!  And they're selling water for $4 a bottle in the room.  And the useless $20 resort fee - well, most of the Las Vegas hotels are charging $15 to $25 resort fees.  That's a new and strange phenomenon to me.  I think it's so they don't have to pay a commission to the online booking site (like Priceline, or Hotwire) on that portion of the hotel charges.BEWARE:  If you ask for a room with two beds, they're going to be itty-bitty full sized beds and not two queen beds.
1	This place is a piece of junk!  All these people want to do is sell you  or upgrade you on a time share! My friend had a time share at the Flamingo Bay and they offered to take us to their new hotel and casino,  formally known as the Las Vegas Hotel to take a survey.  Granted the LVH is known for housing one of the most famous icons ever,  Elvis Presley. Now some people,  like ourselves,  might take the opportunity to take the offer since they said that we would be able to visit Elvis Presley's quarters.  However,  after spending 4 hrs, not only did we not get to see Elvis' suite,  but they also sent us to the back of the hotel to take the wrong shuttle!! It literally was a slap in the face just because we didn't end up buying,  or in my friends case, upgrading her time share!! So in short words,  RUN AWAY,  FAR AWAY!!
3	If you're attending a show at the Las Vegas Convention Center, it's hard to beat the Westgate for convenience. You can walk from the hotel to the show floor in under fifteen minutes. That said, the Westgate is still figuring out what it wants to be. Under new management, the staff seems reinvigorated and focused on making your stay a great one. There's still work to be done, primarily in the room upgrades and the dining options, but I loved the enthusiasm of the team trying to make this a better option for Vegas travelers.I stayed in the North tower in one of the renovated rooms, and it was quite nice. Yes, the two beds were only doubles, but the bedding was soft and clean and I had a beautiful view of the mountains to the east. My shower worked great, with hot water available immediately and good drainage in the tub. (Colleagues in the East tower didn't fare as well on that front.)One interesting option at the Westgate is the "Go Green" incentive. You can push a "Green" button on your phone and opt out of housekeeping services for the day. For this, you get a $10 voucher good for food/drink in the hotel during your stay. This service is not available on check-in or check-out days, so I only used it once, but I absolutely loved it. Bonus - it paid for my coffee at Fortuna (as well as the guest in line behind me) the next day.Wait times at registration and the taxi stand were never more than five minutes, but the Paradise Cafe fills up for breakfast, so be prepared to wait during peak times. (A better option, grab and go from Fortuna, plus it's open 24-hours.)
1	Motel 6 is better. We checked in and went to our room that we reserved a week ago. ......NO BED! Yes you read that correctly NO BED! My fiance'goes downstairs to get another room. ....... it's filthy.  So after 3 1/2 hours we still don't have a room. I will never ever stay here again. NEVER! I don't recommend this place to anyone no even my dog. I can't give out a negative star unless I would.
2	Nothing egregious, but nothing good either. Wifi is hard to connect to, no basic cable, got my room wrong (2 queens vs one king) but I didn't have time to change, faucet not working in bathroom, front desk computers not working when I checked in. I would choose it again.
3	some reviews are harder to pick a score than others.  this is one of those.  i stayed recently for work.  most of my classes were in the hotel, so it was purely a convenience decision.  otherwise, i'd stayed here when it was the LVH and hated it, so my expectations were pretty low.at check in, they said they only had upgrade rooms available, or i'd have to wait.  $20 to upgrade and get a room now.  fine, i didn't want to hang out, so i agreed.  so i get to my room, and it was ok. nothing special, but nice bed.  my only complaint was that the faucet in the bathtub wouldn't turn all the way off.  it wasn't like a slow drip, but more of an actual drizzle, which splashed on the bottom and made quite a bit of noise.  i called to ask them to fix it.  nobody came.  later i called again. nobody came.  it was then night and i was tired, so i called again... the desk supervisor said he'd call me right back. he never did.  it was driving me nuts!!!  the next morning i called again.  nobody came.  so i went to the front desk and asked for a manager.  nobody available.  omg.  seriously, it was painful.  i asked a couple times about just getting moved to another room.  they said there weren't any available.  in a hotel that big?!?! bs.  well the second time i went to the desk, a manager finally came out.  this is where it all changed.  he clearly felt badly they had messed up so many times and helped me get to a new room.new room was awesome.  really, it was nice, clean, spacious, comfy.  from there on, my stay was perfect.  so first night, score was a 1.  last 2 nights, score was a 5.   if i hadn't had the faucet issue (and worthless people at the desk), it all would have been fine...
1	The Wesgate is straight up a scam. They have the lowest prices on all the travel sites, and then regardless of the price quoted and who you book through, they require a card at check-in, and then charge a "Resort Fee" on top of whatever you agreed to pay.You don't have to use anything - the gym, the pool, the coffee - they just charge it to EVERYBODY. I got stuck with this hotel without being able to check reviews using Priceline's "Name Your Own Price" feature where they pick the hotel, so I couldn't read the reviews in advance and see that it's a scam. Once I got stuck with this racket, I read the reviews, learned about the scam, and asked them about it at check-in and check-out, and they lied to my face both times and said they weren't charging anything extra beyond the Priceline price to my card.Yet they charged the $22.39 extra "Resort Fee" they charge every customer, on top of the agreed upon price plus takes and fees. The owners and management should be in jail. If you get stuck here, don't take it - complain to the travel site, the BBB, the Attorney General of Nevada, and the owner David Siegel. Contest the charges with your credit card. Don't roll over and take it, or they'll just keep ripping everyone off.
1	The Westgate prides itself on being the location Elvis chose to stay...unfortunately when you stay there you realize all time stopped when he died and they have done nothing to improve the place since.Rooms are disgusting - they smell and are pretty dirty - stains on wall to boot.If you are looking for cheap, maybe this is the place to go but if you can afford an extra 10-15 bucks I'm pretty sure you can get a better deal.OH and a first for me while traveling, they wanted to charge you $3.50 to have a cup of coffee in the room...really?
1	Was stopped twice by the staff for their Time Share Scam. Came out of the elevator and was asked if we wanted a free lunch because we were a guest. Said sure and was told I would have to sit thru their seminar. No obligation, but would need to give them $20 refundable deposit. No Thank You!! Every time we went to our room we would get harassed. This made us not want to go back to the hotel  when we were out on the town. They also charge a Resort Fee and for in-room coffee.
1	I told the salesman to go F#@k his self and walked out with out my gifts! Need I say more? He then got even ruder and I told him " Hey boss say one more word to me and I'm going to jail and you are going to the Hospital!" Don't feel bad if you fell for this.....I'm sure there is a special place in Hell for these People.....
2	Went to the brunch buffet last saturday.  No line, which was great, but that was the best part of our experience.  The brunch is now $23, no more local discount available, so $73 for our group of three for an average breakfast.  For this price I would expect more variety and higher end foods, like shrimp.  Champagne was included, but now the waiters pour instead of the bar they had, not a good restriction.  Taking this brunch off of my places to go list.
2	We stayed here as it was close to the convention we were attending. The actual property was alright, just a little older. The bathrooms definitely need remodeling, and when we got to our room the heater was broken but the staff did fix it once reported. The daily cleanings didn't include a restock of the toiletries. The overall service at the restaurants and baggage claim were poor. The staff was rude and acting like you were inconveniencing them at times. The one saving grace of this place was their spa/ gym. Their staff and facilities were incredible, but unfortunately this was not the case with the rest of the hotel. The only reason I'm giving this hotel two stars is because of how exceptional the spa staff are. There are a lot of great places and service in vegas but this isn't one of them.
1	Well... this was the Hilton. Fyi.....So we just checked in. Went up to the room and wanted to give my son a bath.However, before I could do that I needed to call housekeeping and have them come up and clean the bathroom! !!!!Hair and dirt in the tub and all over the floor!The bath is old and rusty. The rest of the room  and the hotel is old and run down. Seeing how they now charge you a resort fee.....( Bull shit if you ask me) ......  They need to clean up their hotel and the rooms!I will try to attach photos.
3	Stayed on Nov 7 & 8 2014. For 55 bucks with tax its a very nice room. Big bath room nice tub. Beds soft. Lights are hard to find when you 1st walk in. Dont play table games so dont know how they are I only play poker.
4	Other comments are pretty harsh. I got this hotel via Priceline as a last minute deal while SEMA convention. I was really concerned about that place but finally I must say that my room was clean (outdated for sure, but clean), the bed was comfortable, I asked a chair so I could work on photo editing and they brought me in less than an hour a real office chair. I'm more a Vdara or Palazzo person, but I must say that the Westgate was not a bad experience for the price.  Only thing I would complain is the WiFi speed that is terrible. It took me 6 hours to upload 300mb of file on my server...
1	If you're attending an event at the convention center, the convenience is perfect.  However, the rooms are in appalling condition.  My "newly renovated room" had new carpet, yes, but the shower has gunky and broken tiles, my toilet was dirty, and a piece of the window broke and was taped to the window instead of fixed.  I will try to attach images.
1	Stayed at the Westgate last month. Had a laptop and Ipad stolen from my room. The hotel provided no explanation and made no attempts to assist. This hotel is not safe. Avoid at all costs.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and comfortable the rooms at the Westgate were. Since we were planning on attending Lee's Wine Expo, we thought it was best to not drive if not necessary. I noticed how most people have mentioned the upcharge for a resort fee tacked on at check-in. It is an annoyance that they don't include it ahead of time. The price we paid was not that much cheaper than some of the nicer yet mid tiered places on the strip. The rooms themselves are pretty standard. They met everything that we could have wanted. It gave us a place to sleep and was in relative proximity to other places around us. Unlike other places on the strip, they do nickel and dime you for everything. Water cost X amount. Coffee cost X amount. The first wifi link is free, but it cost X amount for any other additional device. Nothing comes for free nowadays.
1	Went for a 90 min. presentation. Ended up spending a total of 3 hours. Was going to walk away from the gifts when the time was getting to 3 hours. Was walking out when  we finally got the 2nd "manager" to okay the refund of our deposit plus the $100.  and  gift coupon.  The only positive was the gal Ana Lisa who did a wonderful presentation. Beware if you go to a time share presentation.
1	Not only is it not ok for business oriented travellers. (Connected to the convention center) 14.00  a day for internet in the room for one device, business center 2.00 minimum for computer use (on a credit card not the room) 2.50 a sheet for color prints. But the air conditioning is either cold or you put it on half and the heat blows but we have accumulated a 1/4 inch of dust in 4 days because the air filters have obviously have not been changed. All entertainment n the hotel are impersonators and have the higher end on minimum bets for the casinos.
3	This hotel was bought by westgate group recently... was a hilton hotel... the hotel was famous for Elvis dtayover when he was staying in vegas... however, it's kind of old hotel...Right now they are doing major renovation to build westgate resort... i am looking forward to see the end result of their 2-3 years major upgrading...
1	The service and food at Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is so bad that if Anthony Melchiorri from the Hotel Impossible show came there he would throw himself off the roof in utter frustration.CHECK IN: THIRD ROOM WAS NOT A CHARMAfter a long wait in line for one of two staff at a desk designed for a dozen staff we were told the king bed, resort level room was not available and we're were assigned a double bed room. No apology.  When I said "but we booked a king bed room." The desk staff, arrogantly replied, "Well just because you reserved a king bed it doesn't mean you get one." I ask for a manager and she disappeared for a long while. She returned to tell us we could have an "upgrade" but not on the resort floor. We took it. It turned out to be a demi-suite room which you think would be nice. But no. The constant noise sounded like the room was built inside the HVAC system. No one with hearing could ever sleep there. We called the front desk again. The put us in a "newly remodeled" room. It should have been termed a "being remodeled" room because it was not finished. The tub was still old and stained, the ceiling plates were missing around the sprinkler heads. The bathroom tile was unfinished. The maximum lighting in the room was DARK. It had three very low wattage lights equaling the light of about 3 candles in total. The maid was even amazed and remarked about the lack to light. The bed was comfortable and we were tired of battling for mediocrity so we took it.  DAH STAFFNo staff member was overly friendly or helpful. When we asked directions to the conference center we got three different answers and just wandered about until we found fellow conferees. THE RESORT LOUNGEThe resort lounge snack section was so poorly laid out it was funny. It seemed to be designed to encourage groping. When something ran out, the staff just exclaimed "hruff" to our requests and nothing changed. THE CREDIT CARD MYSTERYOne of our debit cards, which worked in the attached convention center and everywhere else in Las Vegas would not work in the Westgate. Staff just repeated "call your bank."The "Food-like substance"The restaurant food in the hotel was horrid. Even though I had very low expectations of finding anything healthy to eat, this place managed to puncture those. In this hotel you are trapped unless you want a long walk or taxi ride for every meal. We at fruit in the lounge for every breakfast. Salads in the convention center for every lunch. For dinner we tried the 888 Noodle House (in the Benihana). Which meant we got an $20ish (each) Chinese style meal. It was "egg rolls" that tasted like fried sawdust logs. The main dish a plate of vegetables (or chicken) on rice that was so bad you would send it back if you paid $1.99 for it on a food truck. But we were prisoners of the "resort." For another dinner we thought the Buffet would have more options. This was $25 each and worth less than 25 cents each. There was very few vegetarian option and nothing very healthy. The yams tasted like orange colored sugar. The lemonade like 1950's powdered juice. The cob of corn would have been better if it was plastic. And those same saw dust egg rolls were featured here also. They had 4 rice dishes and all but one had chicken broth in it. No creativity or competence. SUMMARY:The food and service at the Westgate Las Vegas "resort" and Casino says "We  just don't give a damn." It was the second worst hotel experience of my life. I was a meeting planner for years and stayed it hotels in the Amazon and communist countries that were better.
1	I would give it no stars if I could. I was there for a 9man chinese volleyball tourney Labor Day weekend and was "supposedly" guaranteed an online tournament price, but when I checked out they charged me extra and did not reverse it. I called my CC and they had talked to someone at the hotel, and was assured it would be reversed...it hasn't. The check in/check out person didn't know what was going on and I asked for a supervisor/manager but no one came out and she told me this is the charge. A few of my other friends had gotten the same charge and not sure if theirs were finally resolved or not. The Customer service was not there. So for that I wouldn't stay there again.
1	The Worst experience of my life!!! DONT STAY, DONT GAMBLE, DONT DO THE TIMESHARE! Horrible location off the strip and shady people working there.They tell u 90 minutes... Plan on 3 hours. We went for a showing and we waited an hour in the waiting room and then they tell us our 90 minutes begins once the tour starts. But the sales people tell you 90 min from when you check in. We didn't agree with this so we escalated to a so called "manager" named LOU. She exhibited the worst customer service I've ever seen in my life. All we wanted to do was educate her that her sales people told us 90 minutes from check in, and she said "well they should be fired". Wow... That's un professional. She then told us we need to honor our commitment of 90 minutes or we get nothing promised too us. Talk about shady business practices. As I spoke to her and raised my concerns, she stated if I didn't agree then we need to leave or she would call security on us. Are you serious? She then blamed her sales people for not educating us correctly but she never took ownership or offered to help. She kept looking at her phone and not at us. Stay away from this place. Honestly it's the worst place around with shady business people and horrible management. They don't represent a good atmosphere and try to ensure the customer is always wrong. I'll tell anyone and everyone to NEVER stay here.
5	I booked 2 rooms for 2 nights the night before Thanksgiving through a 3rd party website. I had already been here last month and loved it so I figured I'd book it again. The last minute deal was $55/night which was great for a holiday plus a free upgrade! I notice people complaining about the resort fees & taxes but their website clearly states what their fees are. They're not hidden fees! Our rooms were clean, our beds were comfortable, & the staff was friendly. We will definitely be back!
5	A Fun NightI went to see Lee Greenwood at the Westgate on 12-8-14 and thought the show was great. I'm not a great country fan but his act was first class. The Westgate also had a mechanical bull and other activities that really catered to the Rodeo crowd. Everyone seemed to be having fun
1	AVOID:*Playing money to get money*Timeshare Harassment *Renovations Expectations*Clean Environment*Walking with Dignity*Watching sporting events*Going to get what you came for=WHAT HAPPENED:*Playing money to get money= Got a mailer saying spend $25 get $5. I played on the reel slots and afterwards they said I only played $3, instead of the $25 I played. I came back in a few months and then did it again, but this time on the roulette slot machine, it worked 2 weeks in a row. The 3rd week it didn't and Don the slot manager totally ignored that I did it the last 2 times and just said it will not rate my play. Seems to me their machines are fixed to not acknowledge play and when you contest, they will lie.*Timeshare Harassment = they have 3 sections to harass patrons with timeshares, Westgate did make their money on it, so no brainier that if you sleep or play here you will get ambush with salesmen literally blocking all important walkways.*Renovations Expectations=...slow process and so far from the ones completed, not worth your time. Check Red Rock Casino, AWESOME.*Clean Environment= I noticed all the times I went there, there is a smell, why???*Walking with Dignity= Near the sports book, I kid you not, there is a major walkway (that is the only access), that is about 3 feet wide. Almost every time we have to maneuver or wait.*Watching sporting events= They supposedly have a good sports book area, their screens are so out of focus,look into Silverton if your interested, extremely sharp and up-close big screens*Going to get what you came for= my LAST time going there it had a cowboy theme...really? I mean what a clash of themes. You want a real environment, then go to theseCowboys = Silverton20 year old = Red RockMiddle Age = Caesars PalaceKids = Circus CircusOld Folks = Fiesta in HendersonLess Pack, but a lot of punch = Sam's Town, Plaza(downtown),Silver Sevens,Primm/Whiskey Pete/Buffalo Bills, almost all stations,I'll chalk it as Westgate is trying to make as much money off at least me as possible and they don't care. Watch the owner in the documentary, he was a douche, look how he treated his wife and driver.
1	Ah, the Westgate! Formerly the LVH & LV Hilton. Should be renamed again to "Same Old Toilet!" Rooms still smell musty, have only hard line internet & sample old drapes and furniture. This year, we check into a smoking room, asked for non-smoking, and a container of leftover Chinese food in the refrigerator that housekeeping obviously missed. They didn't even leave coffee for the morning but have a Keurig machine in the room. Our dogs kennel is cleaner.
1	Westgate took over. Beware of timeshare sales. The hotel is undergoing major renovations. Room was without cable for day and a half. Service guy had great attitude. Trying his best. Stay here on a deal. Casino under Hilton and LVH used to pay well. Now slots are tighter. Word to wise to Westgate: don't ruin what used to be a great hotel.
2	We got a good deal here so we said why not try it out. I assumed it would be a great experience but I have to say it was the worst. 5 hrs of my trip spent on this timeshare where they bug you and get a lot of people to harras you into getting one. I don't want a timeshare....thanks but no thanks. The rooms they charge you for everything.....literally everything. Water, coffee, and even to watch tv. They only offered movies and porn. I really enjoyed them having a benihanas there. It was so different from the one here in los angeles. I forgot to mention we had a Jacuzzi in our room that didn't work.....the toilet seat was not all that cleaned. Pretty gross
1	Sigh, I just didn't like it here. My sister has a time share so this was our first time checking it out. It's a resort in transition but it had so many problems and it might be best to reduce the rates and shut down some of the resort while they fix it (or shut it down entirely). The only thing I liked about it was that the monorail was on sight. Here are my concerns:The greeters. I get this is also a time share place so they won't to get customers but there is a level of annoyance here that borders on harassment which is a major turnoff. Our greeter when we got here took us to our room and asked to have brunch with us the next day claiming he was fun.  He was thirty years older than us and that didn't sound appealing. If you want to do a spiel pick people that match the clients.The room was old (there was mold in the bathroom), the shower head sucked (leaky and the stream was not good) the screen of the TV was out of whack. As a time share person our greeter failed to tell us that the water and coffee and internet in the room was complimentary. The owners lounge was shut down so no perks there either. The hotel itself was not appealing. All but one restaurant was shut down and the service at that diner like place was hit or miss. The casino was dead, the music streaming from the hotel was relegated to 1950s and earlier. No night life. Spa was closed. I couldn't figure out who the resort was appealing to. Trendy people? party people, older people, family? Not kids- nothing for them to do- there wasn't even a kids channel on the TV . Not the young and the older? Eh, go to Bellagio or the more nostalgic ones like flamingo or harrahs. I realize this hotel is in transition but my suggestion is to shut down the old nasty wings and fix them instead of offering them and losing future customers. Then to build your reputation offer a free two nights to the time share people and loyal customers after you have fully renovated and reimaged. get those people to experience the new westgate and spread the word to help bring in new people. The idea is that if you are so far off the strip be a spot that people feel comfortable doing things at and not  always leaving to go to other resorts for everything (like the palms). As of right now, I would never go back unless for free. If you changed your image I'd wait for the reviews on yelp and trip advisor to change before venturing there again and that'd be hard to do without courting people to come.
2	I won a football bet at this place and when I went to go to collect, their computers were down. Oh well, it happens. So I went back a few hours later and they were still down. The guy behind the counter was kind of snarky about it and said have a nice flight home sir. Punk. I had to return home, so I had to send in my ticket via mail to get paid. It says that they will send you a check within 4-6 weeks. It's now been 11 weeks and I have been trying to call them to find out the status. Good luck. What do you think they would do if I lost $50 on a blackjack bet and said, hey--I'll be sending you the money in 4 to 6 weeks or maybe never. Some big guy would beat my ass, that's what would happen! The casinos make millions preying on peoples' unrealistic dreams and they already hold all the cards, but they still want to keep my $200? If they feel so strongly about it, keep the money, because life is too short for this nonsense. Pathetic.
1	Oh lord.... this place is awful! I cant even begin to explain the horrors of staying here. Never! I know its cheap but crap its not worth the money saved. Run away!!
1	I checked in to find a clogged toilet, dirty underwear in the bathroom, and dirty pillow sheets. I thought I checked in to the Westgate, not the SHITgate.
1	Check in lines very long! Recently purchased from LVH employees hitting you up to listen to sales pitch to buy in to the resort. Has potential but lacks class, efficiency and appeal given the pricey resort fee for nothing charge. Valet and Bell service lack coordination and efficiency. Sorry to say, think twice before you book. Try the Aria you won't be disappointed!
1	A bit dirty, quite dysfunctional, and disappointing is how I would summarize this hotel. We stayed there nights. The TV would not work at all. We called and they sent up a technician. First they came to look at it and said the remote was broken. They never came back. I called again, but the "engineers are busy tonight, there are lots of maintenance calls."The next day I called again. This time they came with a new remote, but that didn't fix it. They promised to come back and look at it again.  They never returned. The 3rd day, I called again. They never came to fix the tv. They never offered to switch rooms. When I asked, they would say to call back again as they didn't know what rooms they had available. I gave up since this was out last night. The room was also a bit dirty. There was mold and filth on the ceiling of the bathroom. It looks like the changed out a light fixture and never cleaned up.There was also a stain on the carpet. And most obviously there was a giant stain on the bench in to room. So obvious, it's the first thing you see when you walk into the room.  I should have just tried to change to a new room when I first noticed that.
1	I use to love staying at this place as it is off the strip yet off but my last trip on 12/25/2014 was the worst experience ever in this place. The hotel is now falling apart with bathroom lights not working and shower tab running through out the night. After calling 3 times and no show from house keeping, I gave up and cut my trip short at this place. I use to love staying here but will never stay here again!!
1	It's like all time shares. Don't even ask anyone for directions inside the "hotel" (is this a hotel still? I can't even tell) the toll you pay for making eye contact with any employee is an invitation to a timeshare meeting. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! I wish it was still all Star Trek themed :(
3	Just spent a week at the Las Vegas WestGate Resort and had a good stay. They are in the middle of  renovations so the rooms have not been transformed into the resort style so don't expect to have the amenities you are used to if you own here. Overall the location is great even though it's not on the strip. Getting around was a breeze and not far from the other hotels/casinos on the strip. The Monorail is conveniently located at the hotel/resort and the shuttle from the airport drops you right there only 10 mins away. The staff was friendly but because the rooms are not yet resort type right now for owners the maid service is scheduled as if it is, but should be scheduled daily because it is still a hotel and the trash needs to be emptied daily and rooms cleaned. I would go back and I can't wait to stay here again after renovations have been completed and the resort is in full affect.
1	If I could give minus stars I would. Probably the worst run hotel I've ever stayed in. Service is beyond slow and unfriendly. Buffet was horrible. No hot water. Room not set up as promised by front desk. I could go on and on. STAY AWAY
1	Checked in Tuesday room wasn't ready was sent to another room for 2 hrs then placed in our room. During our stay we didn't receive any housekeeping not towels had trash overflowing! Called front desk took them 2 hrs to bring towels and empty trash! Not pleased with the service at all!
2	My first visit was last December 2013, really enjoyed the casino slots, great waitress service while playing, got deals to come back twice during summer and nice amounts to play on and free buffet and even a free show. Got another deal, not as good as LVH offered but did come back just a few days ago, December 27th 2014 and like so many other reviews, I have to agree with a lot of what they are saying. Granted, I guess this whole timeshare resort thing might make things different later on but in the meantime, the annoyance of the greeters for the darn timeshare was a big turnoff this trip. The slot machines were not in abundance to begin with when LVH, but it was good enough, however, this trip, several machines were taken out, pretty skimpy now, not many choices. Table games took over and I am not a table player so who knows, maybe this will work but while playing slots, had to listen to construction going on for this International Bar they were madly trying to get built probably for New Years Eve, but all the dust and whatnot from them working all night hours did a number on my allergies, air ventilation not good at all in there like other casinos I have been in. Not many cocktail waitresses coming around either while playing, was way better before when it was LVH.And this was the worst thing, after telling friends who had never stayed there how good the buffet was, I was so disappointed in how the buffet changed. It was still good and we got it free BUT it was way better before, more great choices and now just mediocre in my opinion AND no more free beer or wine with your dinner which was a great idea especially since this hotel is still looking old. Until it gets completely done, I really think making people pay this resort fee is not ok at all. I hope they put new soundproof connecting doors in the rooms because my husband didn't sleep at all first night nor did our friends because you can hear people next to you thru that door. Bed was ok, not that comfy, better in other rooms we got there before. Our friends also were given a room that was not clean at all so they had to move but then due to the partiers next door to them who were so loud and security didn't seem to want to take care of, they moved at 2:00 am to yet another room. Second night they called for extra blanket and it took a good 45 minutes or so to get it. I have stayed at Treasure Island many times and was starting to be ok with LVH and liking it, but I have to say it doesn't even compare to TI now and at TI, I can go across street to other hotels/casinos much easier and the rooms and beds are the best. Please bring the old buffet back Westgate and maybe have some kiosks again like LVH did giving you some freebies, like coffee or something. I will hope that it gets better but this timeshare pushing stuff really does turn me off so would have to be really good deals to get me back.
1	Do not stay here! Will ruin your entire vacation! Customer service is unprofessional and sucks.. They do not care about their guests! Their hot water and heaters do not work and their room service doesn't either.. We had to call them twice for house keeping to clean our room and we called 4 times and complained about hot water and heater and they still didn't send anyone up to our room to fix it even though they said they'll send someone over each time we called.. I ended up going downstairs myself and complaining so that they can finally send someone up to our room.. It took them 30 minutes so send a bell man for luggage and their rooms are run down! I will never stay here again!
1	We came here for the New Years party and stayed from December 31 through January 2.  During the three days we stayed the hotel ran out of hot water so we had to take a cold shower.  The hotel comped us with a lousy buffet meal.   On January 2nd we left the hotel at noon.  When we came back at 9:30pm the room was not cleaned.  We are not coming back here even though the manager gave us two free nights for the next trip to Las Vegas
2	The lobby area definitely looked beautiful but the lack of customer service and room condition brought the impression down tremendously. For starters, the shower drain was clogged. Then the shower pressure was VERY slow, like practically dripping. Then, we had leftover food from Benihana that we needed to heat up to eat and when I called the front to ask for a microwave the lady rudely said there's NOT EVEN ONE microwave in the entire hotel for guests to use. Like.. Seriously?! How is that even possible?? Oh, then we called papa johns for pizza one night and were told that papa johns isn't allowed on westgate property. Cmon people. Settle your differences so guests can have the convenience we pay for.
1	From the moment we entered the lobby the Westgate nightmare began. The line to check into our room was a hour wait. After standing in line for just over a hour we headed up to our room to find a king size bed for 4 people. When I called down to the front desk to let them know we had paid for an upgraded room and there were 4 people and one bed the front desk staff was curt and not interested in providing any help other than sending someone up to the room with a key for another room. No one offered to help move our luggage or give us directions to our new room. When we made the long trek to our room we opened the door and found our room less than desirable.  The room was small, dusty, dingy and stunk.  There was painter's tape left on the ceiling, the paint to the bathroom door was peeling off....I could go on and on about the horrible conditions of this hotel. I will spare you and advise to stay away from this establishment at all costs. There are much cleaner places to stay in Vegas that do not mislead you or mistreat you. This hotel needs much help. The other negative reviews I have read are spot on!
1	I found a employee holiday deal for $48 per night on line, I made reservation and receive a confirmation, a week before my trip,  I called the resort to confirm it, they told me that i reserved the room thru the 3rd party on line, they couldn't help me, I had to contact on line company, I went to the West Gate Resort website and didn't know how did it re-route to other web site.At the time of check in, I was up grade to JR. suite without additional charge, I reconfirmed it with the staff inside the VIP lounge, she said yes, free upgrade, BUT when I checked out, they charged $55 upgrade fee PER NIGHT, I argrued with the staff, she said that I requested it, there was nothing she could do to help me since this reservation was online, I spend 20 minutes in the VIP lounge, there was no manager in at that time, I could not do anything but paid it, they already charged my credit card. FOR THE RATE, it wasn't worth the time and hustle to deal with this when you are on vacation... Yu want to enjoy your vacation,, you can get a better rate or same rate for some hotels on strip, this way you don't have to drive and deal with the traffic
2	DO NOT DO THE TIMESHARE PRESENTATION!!  We were offered $100 each in gambling money + a free buffet each for attending.  It went an HOUR longer than they said, the buffet was a crappy snack, the gambling money was only for tables and they take it away even if you win!  Our room was just okay, even though they said it was a "free upgrade".  Yes the room was large but it wasn't very nice.  The room was shabby and worn out, had low water pressure, bad heat, and hard beds.  The cleaning lady walked in on us without even knocking first.  The buffet was closed at 4:00 pm so we ate at Sid's Place Restaurant where we were served cold chicken noodle soup, a well done burger (which we ordered medium), and cold french fries.  One pro was that the monorail has a stop at the Westgate and that was convenient.  Might or might not stay here again depending on the price.
3	So last Friday I get a room off Hotwire and it's the Rivera according to Hotwire. So I get to the Riv and it's JAMMED PACKED I get to the 3 beer long waiting line and they DON'T HAVE MY RESERVATION AT ALL. I talked very nicely to the woman at check in who advises calling Hotwire. I spend what seemed like over an hour on the phone with Hotwire and they got my a room at this joint. I WAS NEVER SO HAPPY to get a room. I passed out in the most wonderful bed on the planet. Oh sweet SLEEP. I haven't slept this good in EONS. Then I had a visit in the early p.m. to their new diner Sid's I ordered my usual burger and a Bud. Sweet Jesus that burger was awesome.So yeah I got hit with the resort fee but if you haven't slept in an awesome bed in a REAL LONG TIME the resort fee was worth for the excellent sleep I got.
1	They send us information to stay there with discounts. We call and they said they made a mistake so the flyer we got was not valid for superbowl weekend but it did not say any changes. They said it was there mistake. This is the second time I have written something negative about this place. Really
1	This place was alright when it was a hilton property, now it's beyond horrible!! Had to switch rooms three times due to smell and no AC !! Don't even think about staying here.  Horrible !!!
