5	Dark, cozy place tucked away in a almost deserted shopping mall on Simmons and Aliante parkway. They have 2 and 5 cent blackjack games. Awesome!!!!! The bartender is very nice and accommodating. Her name is Alicia. The menu looks promising. They have a players club. This place may just be my new hangout.
5	I've been here three times in the last week and a half.  I have to say that I like it here.  It's been quieter two of the three times I went (weekdays), but I went on a Saturday and it was pretty busy.  I think the poor cook is all by himself in the back because it took a little bit for the food to come out; every time we've come here, he was the one who was bringing out he food, not anyone else, so I think the fellow's alone.  It's not a big deal, though.  The service is good and the staff is friendly.  My boyfriend and I started coming here after having not such a great experience at Sierra Gold further up north on Aliante Pkwy.I've had "Our Best Burger," the chicken parmesan (dinner and sandwich), and the fish and chips so far.  All of them were good, but my favorite is the chicken parm.  I thought it was neat that they slice the chicken up for you, too, haha (I uploaded a pic).  [Edit: found out that there is another cook (he has a ponytail), but we've only seen him twice.  The one guy we always saw before cuts the chicken up for you; this other guy doesn't.  Not a big deal, but I found out why my meal came out different a couple of times, but still delicious every time. xP]  My boyfriend found the chili dogs to be disgusting.  If I recall correctly, he was given two and he only ate one and a third because he couldn't stomach them anymore.The only thing I don't like about this place (and other places I've been to here) is that people smoke indoors.  I just moved to Nevada from NJ and back at home, no one breaks this law (in any establishment I've been to), so this is the most second-hand smoke I've had to inhale in years. :(As much as I like it, I'm considering not going as often.  I'm already a non-smoker and prefer to date non-smokers.  I can find other places to eat and drink without having to put my health on the line, too.  Having to wash my clothes after visiting because I smell like an ashtray is also getting annoying.Other than that, though, I like this place.  Good service, good food.
3	This is a pretty nice neighborhood joint.  Pretty typical - but nice.  Stopped by and found some nice happy hour specials.  $5 appetizers and cheap draught beer.  Mostly a gaming establishment but it is a good place to throw a few beers back!
5	Cool bartenders. Awesome wings. What else do.you want?
2	i have lived down the street for years.  been stopping in on and off since it was called Quarters.  once 5 Star took over it has gone even further down hill.  the bartenders change every 3 months.  have run into a few good ones, but some are just terrible!!  if they didn't have golden tee I would never go back.
4	This is a nice place, close to where we live (close enough to walk home if we had too much to drink) and they have the best happy hour. Their HH is from 2pm until 7pm and 1am until 5am. Long Islands are $4 during happy hour and the bartenders make it nice and strong. All other drinks are half off I believe. Nice, casual spot to just go grab a drink and/or a bite. The potato cheese soup is to die for, I get that every time; my husband loves their chicken strips. Bartenders and the cook are very friendly.
4	This place is great. My wife and I often frequent here and enjoy the intimate atmosphere. The food is better than what you would expect from a normal bar. My wife and I have tried their potato cheese soup as well as their chicken wings and chicken tenders and all I can say is they are way above the average bar food. The staff is friendly and best of all its right down the street OHHH and they have a bitchen 2-7pm happy hour.....pretty sweet!
3	It's bar food all the way. Was yummy. Service was slow and the room was filled cigarettes that is. Had the soup ad it was okay. My husband had a Ruben and it was greasy but delicious.
5	Great food!
4	Food:  Had breakfast.  Probably the best bar breakfast I've had since Timbers closed in the area.  Large portions and very dlc ions.  Try the French Toast.Price:  Really reasonable.  Staff:  Attentive and friendly.Ambence:  Has a smaller feel, but nice.This will be my local bar go to.
5	Had a very good breakfast at a very reasonable price.  Easily one of the best bar breakfasts I've had in ages.  Looking forward to trying happy hour.  We need good businesses in this area.
5	Excellent food & good prices! We had breakfast of chicken fried steak (sure looked and tasted fresh, not frozen), largish and yummy, and bottomless pancakes, also large and very good.  Friendly service. The food, as others have noted, was served by the cook, who was a nice guy. Good find!
4	Good, affordable eats!  Especially enjoy the breakfast menu there.
5	Friendly wait staff, upscale decor, the front of the bar does not do it justice at all, had I known this bar would be this nice I would have visited it sooner! The food was great and the prices were reasonable :) tons of tv's to watch the games but not too overwhelming which is great if your going in to grab a few drinks and enjoy a date night. I highly recommend this bar!
3	Hubby and I went here on Saturday evening around 8 pm for dinner.  He ordered the steak and eggs and I ordered the steak dinner.  Service was pretty good, however we seemed to have to wait awhile for our food.  We were the only ones in the dining area.  The chef ended up bringing out our dinners.  While the food tasted good, mine was a bit on the cold side.  Steak was warm, but veggies and bread were straight up cold.  I think the waitress/bartender was busy, our food sat and the cook finally brought it out.  Anyway, overall good food, great coffee and we will be going back.
4	Don't let the outside of the this establishment fool you- a great local bar with really great food! My husband and I were shocked at how good the food was and the price tag did not break the bank. The portions were generous and there was a really wide selection. Loved that this was a more laid back atmosphere- I didn't like that our waitress also worked behind the bar. Since we were sitting in the dining room, she had to man the bar so she didn't have a lot of opportunity to check on us. But overall a great place to have a quiet affordable dinner with the family and still get very high quality food. Try the appetizer platter "All In" - amazing!! Chips and salsa + 2 sliders + Chicken tenders + Buffalo wings + Mozzarella sticks!! WHAT?!?! 3 - 4 people could share this easily.
1	Gawd Awful!! So apparently blondie behind the bar doesn't know how to make simple cocktails, she poured half a container of cherry juice in my Manhattan. Last I checked Manhattans don't usually come with half a glass of cherry juice. Secondly, she made us move over into the corner because her bar was 'filling up'!! There's like 6 people in here?! Seriously?? We obliged and it was for ABSOLUETLY no reason!! Where we were sitting remained empty!! It's fine to hire cute bartenders, just please make sure they know how to bartend.
5	I always love getting off work and coming to this bar to gamble. Plus the food is very high quality and never disappoints. Megan behind the bar makes the best cocktails and is always making sure my glass is never empty! Love Five Star Tavern! Great job guys
5	After reading the reviews I had to check this place out.  I like that they greet everyone that walks in.  Nice touch that seems to be forgotten these days.  I sat at the bar and Mark quickly came over to introduce himself.  Asked if I was hungry and made a suggestion of the Beef Sliders.  They were delicious.  Food was priced good and the beer was nice and cold.  Mark and Alisha (sp?) always checked to make sure I was taken care of.  Great local bar. Also I think it's cool that the owner actually reads these reviews and responds.  That says a lot.  Keep up the good work... I'm hooked :)
2	Not a bad place but not the neighborhood bar we were hoping for. Shots are expensive and measly, obviously not measured to the ounce. If I'm paying $7 for a shot, I'd like what I pay for. Happens every time we try this place even with various bartenders. Lesson learned. The candles also give me headaches.
3	Not sure what has been going on behind the scenes but the 5 Star quality is slipping. Old familiar faces are disappearing as well as the drink quality and payouts. Last time in my wife threw a 20 in a machine and we ordered a Jack&Coke and a Jameson-Sprite ,11 bucks for two drinks was a bit steep considering my wife was playing. We wondered if any booze was poured in the drinks at all. New bartenders could be why but a poor drink should not be poured!   We have been regulars for over 2 years and it is losing our go to bar status.Knock knock 5 Star management.......what happened to the quality fun bar? Bit of hope here....a couple of the original bar tenders are still there and they are awesome, Meghan and Carrie plus the food was still great as of our last visit sometime in mid April.
5	So every time I'm in 5 star tavern it's been a good experience. The food is priced right and the BEER!! Oh yeah can't forget that they have it. Along with the sports it's quite a man cave if you ask me.
4	We walked today to get exercise and ended up at Five Star tavern and got something to eat.  The Best hamburger and onion rings were very good. The meat was cooked to perfection and the onion rings were nice and crisp. My honey had breakfast with hid eggs cooked just right. We will be back forvsure.
3	Bartender/waitress is not much good for anything.  Very bad service etc.  the food is good for bar food. Prices really good. Steak and eggs are very good. Sliders are very good also. Would come back for food only.
