5	Whenever I come to Pittsburgh to visit friends & family, I always make sure to make a stop at Z:Lounge.Great music, people & atmosphere.They also have a fabulous selection of beers (they carry my fave Lambic!) and you must try a martini or cocktail as their bartender, Ova, was recently awarded "Best Bartender" from Pittsburgh's City Paper!Definitely drop in if you're perusing the South Side!
5	This bar is my default whenever I'm looking for something to do on any night of the week. The friendliest crowd in a bar in southside, the best bartenders in the southside, the most eclectic and highest quality of DJs and music from every genre imagineable. Prices are high, but drinks are strong and well made. Decor is very funky. Space is very intimate. Highly recommended if you like House, Trip Hop, Underground Hip Hop, 80s, Soul......anything like that. What you won't find: Top 40. That's a great thing, and something that's increasingly hard to find in the south side anymore.
5	Best place for lounge electronic music, and best place for a martini in the city.  Ova - the bartender - does not disappoint, the people are always friendly, and it's always busy, but rarely packed.
1	could be happenin' if anybody showed up.  pittsburgh's a tough market for house music...it's all muddled up with the clarks, sports, and various other non-music culture.my lady and i went to see chuck love a while back...it was very cool.  i'm not a house/club music fan per se, my girlfriend, however, let me know that it was a decent show.  i just enjoy watching her shake her thang on the floor.anyway, we liked the atmosphere and sound enough to make the trek in from the burb's to enjoy an 'old school' funk night...well, not only was no one there...turns out, they neglected to update their web site ('cause i guess no one used the internet) for several months.  old school funk night was gone.  and so were we.
3	I didn't really like this place much, but I also came directly from Lava Lounge which was full of 80s music delights, so this was kind of a letdown.Not too crowded, even on a Friday, which was cool - front room was more full, but the back room (quiet with simple tables) was pretty empty.  They had a special that night on Coronas, so it was nice to get cheap beer.  I really didn't like the music though - my techno-savvy boyfriend said it was "House" music, I think.  What can I say, I prefer music with....lyrics.  And songs that I recognize.  And songs, period.  It just wasn't my bag.  But I definitely didn't get a martini, or linger at a table, or come on a different night with different music.  I'd drop in again if i was back on southside and give it another chance.
3	2.5 rounding up. This girl can only take house music in small doses so I never frequented Z:Lounge but when my friends and I did decide to pop in, we used to head straight for the back room which for some strange reason, never had anyone in it. It was a nice place to sit back and chill, have a conversation and a drink. Upstairs charges a cover buut its basically the same as the front room downstairs just a little more crowded. Bartenders are good at what they do, drinks themselves are pricey.
5	This is simply a great bar.Each area (two downstairs and one upstairs) has its own vibe. The downstairs bar area gives off a typical bar-vibe. The back room is quiet and intimate, a nice break from the loud crowds at the bar or the house music and dancing upstairs. I'll be honest. I don't like house music (the oft-played tunes in the place). But great company, friendly DJs (Chad is rad!) and good service makes up for it.There are daily deals (Mojito Mondays!) and DJs. They are open late every day.There's a drink for everyone. Lots of imported and specialty beers in the case.  Even this beerlover takes a break when Ova is mixing the drinks.
4	If you have a lub for house music, this is the place for you.  About the only place in the Burgh that actually plays musical acts that don't show up on pop radio.  Love the back room downstairs.  Great place to just chill out, especially if you decide to do a bar crawl on the South Side.  Drinks are excellent, can't remember what I had but it was delicious.  Bartenders are amazing and as pleasant as can be.  I really enjoy the place.
4	I stopped in here again tonight.  Relaxing is all I can say.  Opting to sit outside to take in the air and people watch was an amazing idea.  Not only do you get the street ambiance, but you still can hear that music spinning inside.  Quite a nice treat on such a nice day.The bartender tonight was so nice and on point.  Polite is an understatement for him.  He even suggested that we sit outside since it was such a beautiful day.
5	I love the Z lounge.  From the cool decor and ambience to Ova at the bar, you just can't go wrong.  Try a Mojito from Ova.  You won't be disappointed.
