4	It's a dirty place, but go through the drive-through for the fantastic fried fish (don't forget the malt vinegar), and it's all good.
4	Yeah I get my fried fast food fish fix (5Fs!) here whenever I'm in town and around here.  Living in SF you don't get enough junky fast food and LJS definitely hits the spot - always get tons of tartar sauce - oh yeah!
4	Best friggin fast food seafood ever.Location is prime. Service is always fairly quick. Hush puppies are crispy and lightly oily - just the way they should be. Clam strips and fish always taste freshly pulled from the oil. My order has always been 100% correct. I've honestly never been disappointed.Actual customer service could be better. Fast food or not, it's your job to not appear too disgruntled. They get really stingy with the napkins and condiments - particularly tartar sauce. Whenever I politely ask for more, they always give me a pinched faced look and then WHACK! The tartar gets thrown angrily into the bag and shoved out the window.But I don't care. I'll keep coming back for those delicious hush puppies as long as they stay fresh and cheap.
2	the food was great, but the interior of the place was old and run down.. People behind the counter weren't the friendliest. they also have a thing about not putting the napkins out for self service. You get only with your order...
5	Chicken tacos for 2 bucks.
1	First time at this place after seeing a commercial for a "cod basket." Absolutely terrible, the food was saturated with grease, the cole slaw tasted old and the hush puppies were so unappetizing they should call them dead dogs!The "Yum" corporation has failed with us on this one!
3	On my way back to the office and needed a quick bite.  The hushpuppies were calling to me so I gave in ordered the 2-piece chicken.  Don't judge me for ordering chicken at a fried fish joint.  It's actually pretty good (juicy chicken with a crunchy batter that's not greasy).I wish they'd spruce up a bit so it doesn't look so sad.  A solid three stars for consistency in their food and good, friendly customer service.
1	Long John Silver's Store 31329 E Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy Las Vegas NV.Went to this store ar12:33 PM today. What a disaster. The fish tasted like chicken, the fries tasted like chicken, the hush puppies (which were under cooked and doughy) tasted like chicken. All of it tasted like the oil was old and over used.  The crab cake tasted like salmon. No excuse for this. The table was dirty and even after being wiped down twice had food and gunk left on it. Both me and my friend both barely made it to a toilet with the runs after eating there. Stay away if you value your health and taste buds.
1	This location is closed. Wish we had one in SW Las Vegas!
