5	This little place just opened in a strip mall and you'd probably miss it if you didn't know it was there. Fortunately, I knew thanks to a well-timed coupon arriving in the mail.The Cajun-inspired fried chicken is juicy with a crispy skin and just-right flavorings. I had coleslaw and mashed potatoes with gravy for sides and they were great. The gravy had just the right kick and the coleslaw was among the best I've ever tasted.They also carry fried shrimp which I'll be back to try and they have many other sides including fried okra for those with the stomach for such things.Friendly, helpful, and quick counter service in this to-go-only restaurant. It's small, but it has a big heart. It's part of a chain of restaurants, but this is the only one in Arizona so far. Here's hoping it's not the last!
4	Really good stuff, although their side selection is limited.   Their fried okra is especially good, because it seemed very fresh, and not like frozen and then fried...
5	Kinda spicy, but not too spicy fried chicken. I saw this last time I was in Phoenix, and am glad I went this time. I also had the rice (I think it was dirty rice) and it was also a bit spicy but not too. I put the hot sauce on the bread for a while, but the spice of all the food started to catch up on me, so I stopped doing that. I had Coca Cola with a spritzer of Fanta Strawberry. Wow, that strawberry is pretty potent. It really had the taste. Will have to return and try some of the other things.
1	Back in March, I Ordered to go. I ordered the Value Pac #5 that comes with 8 pcs. (2 each) + 6 Rolls, Fries or Rice and a large coleslaw. Instead of 8 pcs (2each) I received 9 pieces, 1 breast, 2 wings, 3 legs, 3 thighs, the rolls were hard on the outside, the coleslaw was too sweet, the rice was good. The wings were huge, makes me think they purchase factory farm chickens instead of local farm chickens. The coating of the chicken tasted like it had been under the hot lamp for hours. The Cajun flavor itself was good however the coating was like a separate entity to the chicken. I would not go there again.
4	I have been a few times with my wife and by myself. I love it. It seems clean and the help is sincere and accommodating. The chicken is good and spicy!
4	I will run on the treadmill for an hour to indulge in the deliciousness that is Louisiana Fried Chicken. The fried chicken is moist and spicy, I paired it with fried okra and mashed potatoes and gravy. It was probably a 2500 calorie meal and I loved every single bite.
3	This place is a fast good fried chicken option, much better than the other corporate spots.Pros:Spicy cajun style breading.Good family combo options.Grey area:Gravy seems to be out of a bag or from powder.Rice seems to be pre-made too.Cons:Rolls they give you are kirkland dinner rolls, they just warm them under a heat lamp.  Can't stand bogus rolls, or at least don't let me see you pulling them out of a kirkland package.Also, it seems that their is a moderate probability that if you go in there when it's slow, you might get chicken that has been sunbathing under said heatlamps for hours.If I need fried chicken, I definitely consider this place; however, it's not the best and it's not the worst.  The value is great and the fixin's adequately fill their role... you be the judge.
4	The chicken is wonderful, spicy, crispy on the outside perfectly moist on the inside.Far superior to  other fried chicken chains (you know who they are).The chicken strips are fantabulous.The fried okra and dirty rice are good.Not the fastest place for chicken but what they lack in fast food style  fried chicken speed they more than make up for in flavor.
5	this place is bomb diggity, it is a family favorite and a quick delicious dinner night option, the staff is always friendly, and more than half the time our order comes with little extras in the bag, don't be scared by prices as each order comes a la mode, we feel their chicken rivals only Lo-Lo's in town, beware as the locals will tell you, it is more of a call it in place, but be sure to try some lemon cake!
5	I love this place! We have to drive over the mountain to get to it so we do not get there as much as we would like but every time we eat here it is soooo good!There is no other great fried chicken place on this side of the valley.It is spicy and juicy and tender. The sides are good too. Peach cobbler and Sweet potato pie, lemon cake, pecan pie. Can you tell I like sweets?The dirty rice and coleslaw, even the fires are all reallllly good.We took my mom with us this time because she said she was craving some good fried chicken.  Her wish was granted. This is a family owned business and they really care. Spend your dollars with local companies. More money stays in the state that way. This is one little out of the way place you will love. It is made mostly for To Go orders but we usually eat there while it is fresh since the drive is a bit long from Ahwatukee
5	I would definitely give them a try. I got the large shrimp po'boy and I was stuffed. The fries were hot and fresh and the sandwich was tasty. I tried my aunt's rice and beans and they were really good unlike what I expected from the other reviews I read. The people were very nice and the lunch prices were good. Dinner is more money but maybe they increase the portion size. I'm not sure. Also they give a 20% military discount on the whole order and my aunt has a military I.d. So that worked out. I'd go again for sure.
4	Best fried chicken so far in the Phoenix area... Great customer service, you can't go wrong.
4	This is great local spot that needs to stay open. The chicken is good and the potato salad is sweet. The food comes out quick and spicy. My recommendation would be if you want fried chicken go local instead of KFC because it is worth it.
4	I came a while back maybe in November, and was craving some chicken. I knew the name sounded familiar, because I went to a Louisiana Fried Chicken out in California. I knew the menu was gonna be different because they are separately owned franchises. However, the food was still on point. I got the chicken tenders, fries and a drink REAL SIMPLE. The chicken was hot and spicy very good, and the service was pretty quick took less than 10 minutes there was a good amount of ppl waiting inside as well as outside chilling outside. I def would go back here over popeyes or churches! 4 STARS
4	Inspiring food. Shallow selection, inefficient service and tiny operating space on par with a bathroom, but if the smell pulls you in you'll be up against a crowd hungry for the same thing. They're worth the hassle and the fact that you'll be shoulder to shoulder with a fire code violating amount of folks at any time, but it'll be worth it. If they could work out their efficiency issues they'd get the five stars from me.Not a good place to stay and eat, expect to make a to-go order.
4	I haven't been in this location, but my roommate brings home family packs quite often.I haven't sampled much of the menu - but have spent many occasions making a glutton of myself with the chicken, catfish and cole slaw.The slaw is a standard commercial recipe.  It's fresh and crunchy, but nothing to make it special.  It just happens that I love plain old boring coleslaw, so that's a bonus for me!The catfish has always been good quality and decent sized pieces - but not whole filets.The chicken is just what you'd want from fried chicken!  The breading (seems to be same for chicken at catfish) is spot on with great flavor - and they always have a perfect crunch to grease ratio.Hot and fresh or cold from the fridge for breakfast, Lousiana Fried Chicken understands why we love fried chicken and they make it well.Strange bonus - on day 1 and 2 the overall flavor is enhanced with hot sauce (the best way to eat fried chicken, yo!) - but the spice in the breading has developed so much by the end of day 2 that you really don't need it.The roommate brought home a dozen or so pieces the Friday of Labor Day weekend.  Monday's leftovers had such kick, a beer was required to be able to quench the fire and finish lunch.  And that was with no additional hot sauce.(Imagine Cajun Chef Justin Wilson tossing in a "whhhoooooeeee, I gar-un-tee!)
4	I've been to this location several times and I really do enjoy the food. the chicken is always crunchy and spicy. The fries are seasoned with season salt. The rolls that come with the meal are decent considering they are store bought. The catfish and shrimp appear and taste to have the same spicy batter as the chicken. This place is super small so don't expect to eat here, it's a takeout place. There are  two small tables inside and two outside but I highly doubt you can get a seat. I highly recommend phoning your order ahead of time and then picking it up because it can get crowded and the service can be painfully slow. "like" them on Facebook to get insider offers.
4	Spotted their van near my office recently, and it just sounded good.  So I pull up Yelp, and apparently most others think it's good!  So it made the list of places to visit.  And today we were nearby, so we stopped in.As the name implies, they have fried chicken.  They have a few other things, like gumbo, but mostly it's fried chicken.  And it was good fried chicken!The chicken was crisp and not excessively greasy.  So often fried food is cooked so long that the oil penetrates the food.  But not here.  The breading was crisp and not oily, and the meat was moist and tender.  The breading itself has seasoning that gives it a gentle kick (just a bit of spice, but not really "hot").The fried okra they apparently buy, but it was good.  So wherever they buy it does a good job.Their gumbo was a bit soupier than I like, but it was very flavorful and good.  I prefer thicker, but that's just a texture thing.  It was still very good.  And they include dirty rice with it (which also was good).Probably the only bummer is their "rolls".  They seem like rolls you might buy at the grocery in cellophane bags.  They should probably change those for Southern biscuits.  They'd be a better fit with their cuisine, and probably taste better too.Seating is limited.
5	Went here for takeout chicken today. Was VERY happy with the freshly fried chicken. I watched them take it out of the fryer and put it into my box. Even though I live a ways away it was still too hot to eat when I got home. Excellent seasoning, this is some of the best fried chicken I have ever had from a restaurant. AS other people have mentioned it is a tiny place so don't come here with a big group and expect to eat in but it's awesome for takeout.  It's a bit of a drive for me but I will definitely be back because it's worth it!
4	VERY clean place and the person behind the counter was very nice and helpful. The chicken is good and the menu has alot going for it. The only reason it's not 5 stars, is that the chicken is good, but not great. But hey, great friend chicken is rare ;)
3	There are very few foods I crave as comfort food splurges more than Fried Chicken or Pizza.  I had been wanting fried chicken for a few days and Friday afternoon thru Saturday evening are my splurge days.  Wanting to try something new and different ( I usually end up at Churches) I turned to my trusty Yelp app.  I hopped in my car and drove south to a shopping center on Baseline and 20th Street.  It is a small shop with just a few tables for dine-in.  One person was waiting ahead of me and as I placed my order, the fryer timer went off.  The guy who took my order then politely excused himself  and scrambled to the back kitchen area in response to the timer.   Poor guy was the only one here at the store today.  Forced to work the register and the fryers, but he was handling it well.  He was very polite and provided great service.  (4 Stars for service)I ordered a 10 piece Shrimp and Fries and an 8 piece chicken (only chicken).    My order was prepared right then after ordering.  Makes all the difference in the world when it comes to fried foods.  Taking my order to go, I dug into the fries on the way home (you have to enjoy them while they are hot right?) They were awesome.  The shrimp were intermingled with the hot fries and both had been well seasoned with a spicy cajun salt.  Hot, salty (in a good way) and perfectly spicy.  Once home I enjoyed the shrimp with their spicy southern fried coating (not a thick dry breading).   I would absolutely go back just for the shrimp and fries.  As for the chicken it was just ok.  I didn't find it any better than fried chicken I can get at the grocery deli.  For me I still prefer Churches Chicken but wouldn't rule the chicken out here completely.  (3 Stars for the Chicken)In the future I would love to try their chicken tenders or nuggets and will absolutely go back for the shrimp.
5	LOVE this place.  The spicy fried chicken and catfish are delicious, the fresh made sides are equally so, especially the fried okra. I haven't tried the Peach Cobbler yet, because if it's as good as the chicken I may end up there every day.  The  food is SO much better than other fast food chicken options.  The location is clean and the staff is friendly.  The truest mark of their customer service was when I asked for a one piece thigh combo. The thighs they had were on the small side, so they gave me 2.  I go to the Location In Arcadia, on Thomas and 40th St, in between the theater and Walmart.  If you like chicken, check this place out!
2	Chicken was ok the the person at the counter not very friendly.
3	The two best things at this chicken joint did not include the chicken. The sweet corn nuggets, basically a tiny corn fritter, and the cup of red hot sauce were the show stoppers. I really only like breasts and somehow this dude screwed up my phone order. I just wanted two breasts, but ended up with one breast, a wing, thigh and drumstick. Regardless, the piece I ate was semi-crunchy, but didn't really make any memories for me. If you dipped the chicken in that hot sauce though, it made things much tastier. The roll was a roll and the dirty rice was pretty average with some nuggets of ground beef or sausage running through the rice. The whole meal was only $8, so its a good price, but not a top 10 fried chicken in my book.
3	I work about 3 miles from this place, and after passing by it numerous times (and being a huge fan of chicken) I tried it out for the first time last year. In all, I've probably eaten here 4-5 times.The chicken itself is very tasty! The breading is spicy and flavorful and the chicken itself is juicy and tender. The fries are OK, I'm more of a crunchy fry person and more often than not mine seem to come out mildly soggy.Customer service is nice, the staff is pleasant despite working in such small quarters (behind the counter is TINY) with each other. It takes awhile for the food to cook though, so if you're going when you're on a time budget, like lunch hour at work, I recommend calling your order ahead by 10-20 minutes.
4	The chicken is wonderful. You get quick service with a smile. Sometimes it can be over cooked but just take it back and they will recook u some chicken. The chicken and dirty rice is what I love most. Keep in mind you cant have a large family here the lobby is quite small. Only three tables inside and about 4 chairs. Their are like 2 tables outside so I would  do takeout only when trying to feed 8 to 12 people.
1	Sent out to buy lunch for the entire office from Louisiana Chicken only to find out they closed.  Well not exactly closed, the sign on the door that greeted us said they failed to pay their lease.  I saw someone uploaded a picture of their Burglary sign in August but this was definitely not the same sign.Not sure how the person above me checked in on 9/23 but this location is closed.
