5	NOTE: This review was written by my other half, Matt.Recently we had our A/C serviced by April Air Conditioning.  We returned home from an out of town weekend trip to find our house hot throughout and our A/C not running.  It was 10 pm when we called, and we had to pay an extra $60 to get a technician out that evening.  We decided to have someone out, and about 30 - 45 mins later Bryan Hall from April arrived at our house.  I told him the heat pump was not running at all, and there was only warm air coming out of the vents.  After a quick check of the heat pump outside, he said there was probably a leak in the system.  At this point I was a bit uncomfortable not knowing what was going on, if his assessment was correct, etc. He was very patient while I thought about what to do and did some quick searching on the internet about air conditioning problems.  I asked him what the next steps were, and he said he could pressurize the system to look for a leak.  I decided to have him continue, and he went up in to the attic and took the compressor apart, sprayed the copper coil with soap bubbles, and found the leak right away.  I was impressed by how quickly he got this figured out, considering how hard it seems to be to find leaks sometimes, based on what I read online.  At this point, he helped me decide what to do by giving me my options, and also gave me an exact quote based off a list of prices in a binder that he had with him, that covered all the types of services offered.  I decided to get the leak fixed at a cost of ~$700 for everything.  It was midnight at this point, and he was very tired, so he offered to return the next morning at 6 am, 2 hours before his scheduled shift.  I agreed and met him the next morning. He got to work straight away, recovering all of the R22 refrigerant, soldering the leak closed, testing with nitrogen, installing a drier/filter, pulling a vacuum, and adding the new refrigerant.  By this time I had time to review lots of postings online about air conditioning servicing.  I'm an engineer, so it was easy to absorb this quickly, and I watched closely as he did his work to verify it and to learn more from watching him.  It took longer than expected due to the vacuum taking a long time, but he was patient and very thorough.  He checked everything and we started the house cooling.  I would highly recommend Bryan Hall from April Air Conditioning for any A/C work that you might need done at your house.
5	These guys were fast, courteous, and did I mention they came @ 9:30PM to fix my A/C in AZ?!?!?!  Their prices were good and I couldn't recommend this company more!  Thanks Mike and April Air Conditioning - I will definitely use you again!
5	Very happy with the response and communication!
5	Fantastic! I left this morning to a cool home that's only 2.5 years old. When my son and I got home tonight, it was 84 degrees inside - clearly something had gone wrong.I called Chas Roberts first, because they were listed on both of my thermostats and I knew they installed everything when the home was being built. The earliest they would arrive would be 7 AM tomorrow/the next morning. Sure, I could've slept in the part of the house that still had air conditioning, but, the main area of the house was just going to heat up more in the August-Excessive-Heat-Warning temperatures!I also called a few other places, but, I just got voicemail even though their websites claimed 24/7 service.When I called April Air Conditioning, Mike answered and said he could be out within the hour as he was finishing up another job. Within the hour? Absolutely! Mike arrived within the hour and went right to work, determining what the issues was (the capacitor had gone out) and fixing it. Within 2.5 hours of arriving home from work I had went from shocked to annoyed to concerned to relieved to a cool house.I would highly recommend April Air Conditioning - and will whenever the subject comes up with family and friends!
5	We own two commercial parcels and three residential homes. We have been through the list of A/C repair companies in the Valley. We tried April A/C because of their Yelp reviews/ratings. The tech arrived at our rental house within the hour, and since we are travelling in Montana, spoke with my husband at length on the phone before making any repairs and even sent photos of the problem. Finally! We have found an honest, affordable, reliable A/C repair company. If you need A/C service, call this company! Thank you, April Air!
5	My wife and I started having problems with our AC just recently. We found Mike and his company on Yelp and we called him. It was on a Saturday and we were really worried that we wouldn't get anyone to call us back until Monday. Mike answered and said he would be out in an hour. SCORE!He showed up (I was at work) and he was very helpful and immediately went about fixing our problem. The unit was low on freon and he recharged it, cleaned the compressor and a few other things and charged us just over $200.00 with the freon included in the price.About three or four days later the A/C started doing the same thing (not blowing cold) and we called him. He came right back out, checked out the system, we think he recharged it again (not sure) and he thanked us and left. No he didn't charge for coming back and our A/C is blowing cold as I write this three weeks later. Awesome company. We highly recommend Mike and his staff. Oh and we even got a phone call from one of his team members to check on our satisfaction. How is THAT for great customer service? Five stars Mike! You earned them!
5	Amazing Service! This summer my AC crapped out over a weekend while I was out of town..I came back to a townhouse that was radiating at 101 degrees! I called at 6am and spoke with the tech. He was at my house by 7:30 - on a Sunday morning! and I had cold air again by 10am.Simply fantastic service, quality, expertise (he was excited that I was asking so many questions about how and why and where to look for problem areas)...evidently not many people ask about those details.Anyhoo...I could not have asked for a better AC tech. The company even sent me a Thank you card...who does that anymore?I HIGHLY recommend April Air Conditioning~ AND did I mention that it cost me a fraction of what I was expecting!? I was convinced it would be at least $600...but my bill ended up at around $200!ilike.
5	Our furnace was blowing cold air. I called April A/C and they were here in 20 minutes! Maybe that was just luck that they had a guy in the area already but i was impressed anyway. He got to work and 30 minutes later my furnace is working the way it should. I would use them again and recommend them to all my neighbors.
1	I had April air conditioning come look at my AC and I was disappointed with the service. The lack of knowledge from Bryan was the worst. My AC seems to be working fine the issue was one side did not flow as strong as the other side. This resulted in not getting enough air and not cooling the house. He checked the AC system it looked good like I new it did. From there he was lost. He called his boss  to let him know the problem. He tought the unit might be under size. The numbers were faded in the condenser but after looking closely it was a 4 ton unit. So that theory was not it. So I told him I think it's a vent either blocked or something was not right here he agreed called the boss and he didn't believe that until he told him he confirmed it. Then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it. I was fed up with his lack of knowledge that I told him I had to go to work. He mention hell try to have his boss call me since he's more knowledgable. 4 hours later no call. Do not call these guys I think the reviews here are all family members. At the end I new more about my system then this guy did.
5	When our AC went out and it was nearly 90 degrees in our house, we were desperate to get the AC fixed. The customer service from the office and the technician were great and they were able to get to us the same day we called -- we appreciated their willingness to come late in the day to make sure we had AC before bed. Thanks a million!
5	April Air is HANDS DOWN THE BEST. They have saved me late at night and on weekends when no one else would multiple times. I have been using them for 6 years and could not be more please. Brian usually takes care of us and he is amazing - so willing to do whatever it takes and a pleasure to deal with. He saved us at 11 pm last night when another company failed to show up, leaving us in 94 degrees inside the house and it was only getting hotter. I can't say enough wonderful things about this company. They are a small, family company and you can tell that they really care about their customers.
5	My a/c quit on the night of June 21.  I did not want to bother anyone late at night, but I called early June 22 and left a message that I was leaving town that afternoon, with temperatures in Arizona expected to be 113 degrees and higher while I was away.  I chose April Air Conditioning because of all the five-star reviews, and I was not disappointed!   Scott called me back within 15 minutes, and was at my house before 9 am.  An hour later, repairs were completed, with a new part installed.  I was ready for my airport shuttle and caught my flight.  Scott was knowledgeable, efficient, and - best of all - HONEST.  Another company several years ago charged me almost $1,700.  I was very happy when my bill from April Air Conditioning was less than $200. I would not use any other company now that I have found April.  And for Cesar S., it seems you are the only person who has not had an excellent experience with this company.  Ihighly recommend April Air Conditioning and will use them for all future service calls.
5	Just had them perform maintenance on my furnaces. Bryan was very courteous and knowledgeable. Highly recommended!
5	I wanted to leave a review for a recent experience with April.  Within a couple mins of calling SRP for a referral they called me and a technician was at my door within an hour or two.  He was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions.  I'll definitely keep them in mind next time i have any issues with my A/C.  Good honest company.
5	This company came out and did some yearly maintenance on our AC unit. Scott is the best technician and very nice. Can't beat the price and service. I highly recommend this company!
5	My wife and I own a rental home in Gilbert.  The AC unit is 9 years old and a typical builders grade unit.  I was expecting to put some money into it when I asked April to come out and do a yearly check up.  They arrived right on time (actually a few minutes early) and were very thorough.  They did not try to upcharge etc. They could have billed me triple the price and I would have been content.I will replace the unit next year and will look nowhere else but April to to the job.  They certainly have my business from now on.  Highly recommended!!!
5	We had April Air Conditioning come out today for an A/C maintenance check since we haven't had our A/C checked out in 8-9 years.  It wasn't giving us any trouble, but I've been failing to get it checked every year.  The technician Nathan was early and did a great job. I was fully expecting to be told due to the age of the unit (approx 11 yrs) that this and that was wrong.  Wrong.  Everything looked great (for at least this year anyway).  No attempt to up-sell or give us a line on what needed to be replaced.  A couple things to watch, but good for now.  I picked April Air after researching and looking at reviews for local companies, and am extremely satisfied!  I've never even taken the time to review other companies on Yelp but felt I had to based on this great experience in the hope that others will see this and give them a try. You won't regret it.  Thanks Nathan and April Air!!!
1	BUYER BEWARE!!!  I went with April A/C because of their great reviews online. Everything started great, I called in the AM and had a tech, Nathan, out by the afternoon. Nathan was great, and  after about an hour of testing, concluded the compressor was shorted and showed me why. He showed me a company price sheet which listed compressor replacement at about $1100 or so. He said that was for warranty and that mine might be around $1500, give or take, because I was out of warranty. He said Theresa would call me back first thing in the morning with a quote.A couple hours passed the next morning and I called Theresa. She said Scott now needed to come look at it to give me a quote--I'm not sure why Nathan's information wasn't good enough. Scott came out around noon and then called me with a quote. He gave that age old "if it was my house" line and "I have 30 years experience" and proceeded to quote me about $4600 for just the compressor, or about $7000 for the entire condenser unit. His strong recommendation was that I replace the entire condenser unit because the old compressor may have contaminated the system which will shorten the life of a new compressor. I told him about Nathan's estimate, who said nothing about the need to replace the condenser unit, and he told me Nathan didn't know what he was talking about. That's right, his own colleague. I called BS and went to another small shop, Chandler Heat Pump Systems, recommended by a couple friends. Chris and Mike were great. Mike came out to quote within a few hours of me calling, quoted me a little under $1800, and had the job done the following day. My unit is a Carrier model 38EZG060, Series 300, which is for the bottom floor of a 3800 sq ft home. This price is very consistent with what my friends paid for similar work. It included evacuation, running gas (nitrogen?) through for cleaning, and re-charging.
5	My tenant calls me on a Sunday at 2:15pm about the a/c being broken and the temp today is a humid, rainy 110 degrees.  She is not happy, the indoor temp is already above 80 degrees. I called Scott at 2:30pm based on the YELP reviews.  Scott calls me at 3:55pm with the repair completed.  Happy tenant.  Happy owner.  Reasonable price.  FIVE STAR REVIEW!!!
5	Our experience with April AC was nothing less than excellent!! We needed to have new thermostats installed and the requirements were more than that of a novice homeowner. We called at 9am and Teresa said she would have a technician out by noon the same day.  To our benefit, Nathan and his colleague arrived 30 minutes ahead of schedule. They diagnosed our model of thermostat and knew exactly what needed to be done. Immediately they began the work and let me know it shouldn't take them long, and it didn't. After a couple of hours they had everything installed and working properly.  Nathan only charged me the service visit plus a small amount for their couple hours of work.  We were very pleased!!One minor issue was an hour after they left I noticed our upstairs unit had stopped turning on and no air was being forced through the system.  I called back to Teresa and explained what had happened and she said she would have the technician back out in 30min, 15min later Nathan was back. Had the issue fixed in 10min and was back on his way; he did not charge us for the second visit.  We were very pleased with the prices and level of service from Nathan, Teresa, and the April AC team!
5	HONEST!If you are looking for honest, customer oriented service, this is the place!
