4	Good Prices And Portions, Can Barely Hear The Bowling Alley4 Wood Grille (on Forward Ave, get it?) was a nice find.  It's an attractively decorated space that offers good food with pretty decent portions.  The only downside?  It's located right under Forward Bowling Lanes, so you occasionally hear when someone makes a strike.  Or drops a bowling ball.I ordered the salmon fillet ($16), which was well-portioned, and slightly crispy on the outside (just the way I like it).  The fillet comes with a salad (fine), rice (fine), and a side.  I ordered steamed broccoli, which was not over-cooked and well seasoned.My partner ordered the smaller strip steak ($21) and was also pleasantly surprised with the portion.  The steak was well-seasoned and cooked the right amount.  His steak came with soup (Tortilla -- excellent) and he chose a twice-baked potato for his side.  We'd recommend against the twice-baked potato.  It was small, lonely, and plain-tasting.4 Wood grill is a nice upscale restaurant.  It's about the same price as Gullifty's, but the food's way nicer and the atmosphere is more upscale.  I recommend it.
5	I can't believe that I've never been to this place before! Especially when it's so close to home. I had a long work week and so I decided that I wanted to take my husband out to dinner. We walked over to this place and not only was I very satisfied, I'm glad I walked down that meal. We started off with something I never tried before--Italian egg rolls! They were a mixture of Italian veggies, rolled up in dough and fried to perfection, just like the egg rolls at the best Chinese places. They had something that looked interesting, the Pesto Burger, but I was there to chow on beef! So I went for the small cut of fillet mignon, which comes with a salad, bread, and side. Rick ordered the full 16oz New York Strip. I told him it was okay to order what he wanted. I was in the mood for an evening out with my guy and everything was on me! We both love our beef done medium well, and these were done so perfectly. The service here was also impeccable.   As the other poster says, it's located under a bowling alley, but once inside you'd never know it.It's also right next door to the Squirrel Hill Theatre.  Rick asked me if I wanted to go see a movie right afterwards.  I said "No" 'cos I wanted to walk down my meal.  Besides, I was in the mood for something else after that dinner!
1	This was easily the worst restaurant experiences I've had since moving to Pittsburgh. We debated between this and the adjoining P.D.'s Pub (same owners), and I think we made the wrong decision. We both ordered the barbecue chicken sandwich, which was extremely dry and chewy, causing neither of us to finish. It also didn't come with anything else, which made the $8 price tag a bit much. In general the menu looks overpriced considering the atmosphere and quality we experienced.As mentioned above, it attaches to the bar and the door was open between the two, allowing some smoke to come into the restaurant. It was probably open because there was only one server for both (one of the owners, I think), which was another issue. She was nice, but service was slow because of the conversations she was holding with customers. We were there on a Saturday night, and the bowling alley above was VERY loud. This is unexpected and frankly unacceptable for the type of restaurant they clearly wish to be. All in all the experience was so bad it was almost comical. And I really wanted to like this place!
1	Prior to moving from Pittsburgh, my wife and I purchased a groupon at the Four Wood Grille. I did not have high expectations of the restaurant, but never thought that it would be so terrible that I would be unwilling to spend my entire groupon! (I was afraid of food poisoning so we left)Their food is horrible, tables are empty, and I believe that almost everything they serve comes out of a nasty dirty freezer. (They couldn't even make their "menu signature" drinks because they lacked the ingredients.)This restaurant should be on the food network under "Kitchen Nightmares." Don't eat here. Please, don't eat here. If you bought a groupon for them, just burn it; its truly that horrible and not worth the health risk.TRULY THE WORST RESTAURANT I HAVE VISITED IN TWO DECADES!!!!  KUDOS TO THEM!!!!!
4	For all intents and purposes, I appreciate 4 Wood Grille (now Frankie & Georgie's) as a good 'yinzer classy' restaurant and bar.  By 'yinzer classy,' I mean that it's not the place you take your date to propose, but it can be the place you take him on your second date, when you're looking for some good, cheap food and want to throw back a few strong beverages before getting onto the rest of your night.4 Wood is connected to PD's Pub, and now that PD's has gone non-smoking (woohoo!), this is no problem.  If it's a non-peak time and you want to sit in the restaurant side, you may have to wait a moment for the bartender to come over to get your order, but you can be assured that she will make you some badass drinks to go with your meal.We tried their specialty on our last visit, the Italian egg roll.  It's actually in a shell that is the consistency of a real Chinese egg roll, but filled with the stuffings of a good, hearty pizza.  Yes, that's right, pizza egg rolls.  Can't say I'd be able to get it every time without my arteries totally jumping ship on me, but it's a nice indulgence treat!Typically, we get the salads here, sometimes with extra fries, because the fries are awesome.  If you've ever been to Coney Island and gotten fries from Nathan's original hot dog stand, you will appreciate the fries at 4 Wood.  So crispy and starchy.  Yum!  Really good Italian dressing, too, and fresh veggies on the salad.4 Wood is right underneath Forward Bowling Alley, so you do hear some pins knocking around if it's otherwise quiet in the restaurant.  But for me, that brings back nice nostalgic memories of going to Musik Innovations as a kid with my mum, where they had a similar bowling-noise problem.  I think it just adds to the experience.Also, as some others have mentioned, 4 Wood does deals with GroupOn and Living Social, and there are coupons in other local Pittsburgh spots like Clipper magazine.  Go.  Get a bottle of wine and some French fries, and don't feel guilty if you wear your old Bettis jersey.  You'll find something you love!
1	This "establishment" doesn't even deserve one star. Is there a way to make it zero? I went there today and none of the staff was anywhere to be seen. We waited for 10-15 minutes and no one waited on us, even though we could hear them yelling (and yes, I do mean yelling) in the back. They were screaming profanities downstairs/in the stairwell along with that. We could also hear noises upstairs that sounded just as strange. What a joke. How they can call themselves a professional business is beyond my comprehension. And to go along with that, the restrooms looked like they hadn't seen a mop/lysol/anything clean whatsoever in months. Dear 4 Wood, your mouths are filthy, your building is filthy, so maybe it's a good thing we didn't have to taste your food.
2	I went to Frankie and Georgies because a friend of mine was playing in the band that was performing that night. I heard from different people that the food was good and the atmosphere was fun, so I was excited to try this place for the first time. First off, the way this place is set up is schizophrenic. When you walk in, you're greeted by a dart board- just the thing to walk into the path of. The place is dingy with no real style. There's a long bar on the right as you walk in, and a strange area of booths on the left. Then, the restaurant opens into a large room with tables and more awkwardly placed booths and a stage for bands. In that area, there is a set of a few stairs and a hole cut into the wall that i think led to more tables, but I didn't go up there- it looked all lit up and decorated completely different from the rest of the place. It was almost like the restaurant (if you can call this glorified bar a restaurant) expanded, but each time someone different decorated that area. Plus, the bathrooms were scary, and I couldn't figure out where the kitchen was (where was the food coming from???).The beer selection was average- mainstream beers and a few craft choices- and the prices were okay. As for the food, the menu is filled with greasy appetizers, pizza, pasta, sandwiches, hoagies, and a few entree choices. I would have loved to try their pizza, or some appetizers, but the waitress informed us that they were out of most of the appetizers I asked for, and the pizza guy had left for the night and so there was no pizza. After looking over the menu, I asked her if they had meatballs for the meatball hoagie, and she gave me a look like "hey dummy, of course we have meatballs," which was funny since they were out of 3/4 of their menu at 8pm on a Wednesday night- excuse me! 10 minutes later, the waitress informed me they were out of meatballs (I can't make this up), so I ordered a mushroom steak hoagie and fries. Surprisingly, the steak sandwiches almost on par with a Philly cheese steak, and the small order of fries was huge, crisp, and tasty, so I'm giving Frankie and Georgie's 2 stars for okay food.By the way, if you're looking for good service, forget it. The lone waitress was running around like a chicken with her head cut off and therefor made for slow service. The blond bartender chick was even worse- surly, slow, and when I asked her for a menu, she literally threw it at me from across the bar. I won't be going back- unless my friend is performing again.
4	Wing specials on Monday through Wednesday nights with the best wings I've had in the Burgh.  The ribs from the weekend sidewalk BBQ are fantastic, some of the best I've ever had.  I've never been disappointed with the food here. Kind of a strange environment, it feels like a neighborhood bar but with some shady characters always hanging around.  Love the food though.
