5	"Amazing dental work and wonderful customer service from patient care to billing."
5	I've been a patient here for over 10 years and bring my son here as well. Wonderful staff from the front office (Tara is very accommodating and helpful when making appointments) to the hygienists (Dan is great with both me and my son and helps to keep our teeth in tip-top shape). Fortunately our teeth are pretty healthy so we only see Dr. Habashi once a year for exam purposes. This is also their new location, they were previously located on Maryland Parkway and Silverado Ranch before moving. If you are in need of expert dental care I highly recommend Perfect Smile!!
5	AMAZING! I'v been going to them for a really long time and they are always good to me :)
2	Receptionist Tara was very nice and friendly but the rest of the people were just ok. I went last year they were a little too rough and careless. I decided to give them another try but I regret it. Doctor was distracted watching TV while doing procedure and as he was finishing, the dental assistant approached me regarding my next visit while I was unable to respond. Very careless move. She was a blonde lady with a horrible attitude. Overall it was ok but wouldn't recommend it.
1	I have been going here for 10 years, mainly for Tara and Denny. The staff here is amazing and you feel like family until Dr.  DOOM comes into the room.  He told me I had 4 cavities I need fixed right away and what life style change have I had in the last year.  I told him I have been taking better care of my teeth than I ever had before and he told me to stop.  I didn't feel right about all the procedures he wanted to do so I went for a second opinion.  The new dentist said I had tooth decay on one tooth and we would keep an eye on it, no cavity.  I never felt comfortable with him and was treated like an idiot at times. Wish I would have changed sooner maybe I never had a tooth problem. He needs to spend more time with his patients and explain procedures in detail.
5	I've been going to these guys for over 10 years.  Staff has always been nothing but super friendly. I have had cavities filled, teeth cleaned, veneers top and bottom, crowns and caps. Full dental work all the way around for years. Always been great, always been super nice, always professional, very gentle, very thorough, never pushy, great experience all around.  Highly recommend.
