5	Great boulangerie experience. Wide variety of both sweet and savory for sale (pastries, jams, duck confit, quiches, etc).Apparently this is a chain, but no matter. It reminds me a bit of Panera - a place to read & study (as one patron reading an anatomy text could attest), a home away from home!
4	We stopped by this Boulangerie Premiere Moisson for breakfast.A friend picked up a box of sweets she had ordered, and got me a plain croissant. (She offered to buy a chocolate one, but it's tough to take sweets early in the morning. Really. Don't read into that.)My croissant was delicious: Fresh, flaky, and all-around tasty.
4	It's what you expect it to be. Clean and well run. Great bread, pastries, sandwiches, etc...Baguettes from heaven! Forget those tasteless baguettes from the super markets. This is where it's it.
5	I really loved their almond chocolate croissant which is a heavenly combination of buttery crispy croissant, sweet almond paste and dark chocolate.
4	Popped in for an almond croissant. A denser croissant than most, but still very yummy. Really high quality ingredients.
4	Sure, they have pretty good pasties but not necessarily numero uno in this neighbourhood. However, I'm becoming a big fan their lunch specials which are just a little more expensive than a McDonald's combo and come with a soup, meat serving, salad, and even a yummy desert. It's always super quick and fresh and hot.I've only dealt with management once when they got a cake order wrong, but they were very classy about resolving.The area when you can sit is very sunny and one of the best places to people watch on Mt-Royal.Conclusion: great alone or with company meal or coffee/snack, awesome quick lunch spot for winter with great variety day-in day-out
4	Love this place. Great sandwiches, fresh bread, nice staff who know their stuff. I have no complaints other than the fact that they seem to run out of baguette more often than not. My only other complaint is that I can't crawl into the cake displace and cuddle with the desserts (I've asked)
4	Blueberry danishes are amazing! This is my favorite bakery in Montreal. I have never been disappointed. Oh, also try their creme brule! Yum!
2	bad croissants, not to my taste... I don't understand how those can even be compared to the ones from Pain dore... not buttery, dry, not chewy....good point: raspberry macaron cake is really goodhot chocolate: worst than at Tim Horton's!!!!!
5	Love the staff at this location. Great pastries and sandwiches, and super reasonable prices!
4	I really like this Premier Moisson for picking up a sandwich on my way to the metro. The staff are friendly and efficient, the sandwiches tasty and pretty averaged priced. The store itself is really pretty, well thought out and brimming with deliciously tempting goodies anywhere you look, whether they be sweet (cakes!  cookies!), savory (sausages!  terrine!) or carbalicious (bread!).
