5	If you've ever driven down Indian School Road near 21st street you may have wondered about The Toy Box with its assorted classic cars on display in its front window.  Sure, TTB works on a fair number of great old cars but don't be intimidated.  Phil, Andy and the whole crew are a great bunch and work on all types of cars.  You'll get honest service at a great price and, most likely, will make a few new friends.The crew here has worked on my '72 3.0 CS for several years now.  First, it was to finish the restoration I'd contracted with another shop then to change out my carburetor jets so the car would pass emissions.  With an old car, no matter its degree of restoration, there is always work to do and TTB has since worked on my air conditioning unit, suspension and drive train.  I wouldn't trust my car anywhere else.  If you have a classic this is the best shop in town.  But if you're looking for a shop for your daily driver, give them a chance too.  An honest repair shop.  What a concept!
5	The words "trust" and "auto mechanic" rarely belong in the same sentence.   Having owned many cars over the years, I've experienced a very full range of mechanics.  After driving by The Toy Box countless times, my impression of it was that it was a boutique muscle car place.  When a friend told me that he had all of his cars serviced there for years I was intrigued.  I took my 2002 Tahoe in for an eval and Phil and his team were thorough and objective in their analysis and explanation.  I liked that they weren't "selling" or pushy but really just matter of fact in giving me my options--- from keeping it running and stable to really fixing it up.   Their rate is extremely competitive and they over-delivered on timing and service.  If anything, I think they need to work on their marketing as they're a real gem in a field of otherwise sketchy players.
5	THANK YOU TOY BOX!!I took my car to the Toy Box to have them take a second look at $800 worth of work - strut replacement - that another valley mechanic had quoted me.  Turns out there was nothing wrong with my struts and they saved me $800!!  Their honesty and integrity will be remembered and they have gained a customer for life!  Thanks again Phill and crew...you guys are the best!!
