1	Disgusting. I am a licensed esthetician and have also worked as a licensed nail tech and I was completely freaked out by my pedicure at this "spa"Nevermind the fact I left with polish on my skin & uneven nails, nevermind the fact my pedicurist kept stopping my service to turn up the volume of the TV.  I was cut by my technician and  I believe they are reusing pedicure slippers & toe seperators (there is a basket not trash can next to the drying stations and the bottoms of the slippers were incredibly dirty for the 5 steps I took. They are either reusing or their floors are fithly) and are not cleaning their instruments to code. Literally went home took off the polish, washed my feet, put on anti-fungal cream , antiseptic & repolished my toes. I have reported this nail salon to the state boards. GROSS!
1	Ugh. That was truly awful. I'll upload a picture of my manicure. It was not a clean location, and the technician kept looking over his shoulder to watch the TV. He was really nice, but I left with uneven nails, horrible cuticles, and a very sloppy manicure. Never never again.
1	NEVER AGAIN!  I used to go here semi-frequently due to the convenience of it being in West Towne Mall.  I was up visiting this weekend and needed a quick pedicure.  Worst mistake ever.   I didn't realize the man had gauged a chunk of skin on my big toe and it was bleeding everywhere until my mom said something later.  I went back asking for a refund since they injured me (I am praying I don't get an infection-- ick), the only way they would refund my money is if they took the polish off, no apology or anything-- acted like they DIDN'T CARE. Chemicals near an open wound? Um, I think not....  And, I usually don't hold this against nail salons but their English sucks.Edited 12/11/13- I now have an ingrown toe nail thanks to the super short clip job I received.....Currently working on filing a formal complaint to the state as my credit card company has ruled in their favor in regards to the dispute.    DON'T GO HERE.
4	This review might be a little late but 2 years ago I got a pedicure there. I picked a color from the large selection and when it was done it had a green, purple and white flower on the big toes, I asked why they were there and the woman doing my nails said It's a special for kids (I was 11). Luckily I liked the flower.
5	I have had nothing but great pedicures and great service here. I have rough heels, like super rough cracked babies and after 3-4 pedicures they are now nice and smooth. I have never had any issues and walk out with pretty toes with polish that lasts a month or more. For the price it is great.
1	After I saw so many bad reviews about this nail place, I felt much better. Because I had a terrible TERRIBLE experience here as well! Their place smells terrible and all the the stuff they use are cheap products that will harm ur nail even more! I did a gel and the gel went all over my finger and the women( sounds phillipino) is blaming the reason is my nails are too short! But they are not that short!! I can do a better job than her! I ask her to take it off she is so rude and said I have to pay first! OMG! and the manager came checked my nails any did nothing! So we start a little fight with them and it ruined my shopping day! The worst nail place I ever went in my life!
