5	So this place is well known by art students, but not all art students (but it should be). It is located in design north on the second floor. It is a coffee/tea/bagel/korma/salad/sandwhich kinda place. Happy Hour is 3-5pm, half of espresso drinks.I am in love with the vegetable korma, get it with greek yogurt for extra yuminess. I like the convenience, especially in the morning when you didn't eat breakfast, just stop by old faithful Charlies and grab yo'self a bagel.Americano with a splash of soy is my choice for espresso drinks. It is very good, just the right amount of coffee taste with the soy to mellow it out a tad. I like my coffee to taste strong, almost like it punched me to wake me up and this American is the one for me. It is also a nice place to hang out and kill time before your next class. Plug-ins are limited for you laptop users. THE PATIO IS THE BEST PART, ESPECIALLY DURING COOLER MONTHS YOU CAN SIT OUTSIDE AND ENJOY. (minus the smokers, even though there are no smoking signs it happens and it sucks.)
5	I am a health nut, but like every health nut does, u have a blueberry muffin craving. I got in early this morning and they don't have the best looking pastries BUT once I got my muffin, it was by FAR the best blueberry muffin I have EVER had! but get one while you can, I went back later and they go quick!
4	what can i say about a place like charlie's? if you don't go to asu, there's no reason you would ever come here unless you were  visiting someone. actually, scratch that, you probably wouldn't ever come here unless you're a design student.located on the second floor of design north, charlie's is the go-to break spot for students when they need a coffee fix.  during the school year, i come here daily (sometimes twice daily, depending on how many hours i've been in the building) and they always take care of my coffee needs.  the employees are super friendly and they make a great cup of coffee. they're always playing good music and they even do coffee art. cute! they also carry bagels, sandwiches, pastries, naked juices, and bottled water if you're interested in that.  down the hall there's three vending machines that carry soda and snacks if you need a sugar fix. oh and at 3pm they have happy hour (half off all drinks with espresso).
