5	Best and cheapest gas.  I always get the premium grade to get the best mileage.
4	This is the part of Costco that I can review better than the store.  I am here many too many times but when you hike a lot in Southern Nevada, driving distances can be high and the need to stop here comes around soon.I try to go early in the morning, either on the way to the gym or on the way home.  If you get there before 9:30, you can generally be assured of no line.  My other favorite time is after 8 PM on weekdays.  You drive right up to the pump.  One of the attendant's, Peter, works nights, and he's a very pleasant fellow.Gas prices are generally lower than other stations certainly those nearby.  There are times when I go to/from Chinatown that two station have competitive pricing to Costco and I'll stop there.I basically maintain my Costco membership for the gas and the few things I buy in the warehouse shopping part of Costco.
4	Cheapest gas in all of Las Vegas?  I don't think so (Look up GasBuddy and see for yourself).  But it definitely will be within 2-3 pennies per gallon from the cheapest price in town at the moment, if not tied for that honor.  Plus you get to pay with a credit card, preferably one that gives cash back for buying gas or other similar credit purchase perks.  I know a fictional girl that spends all her cash back rewards only at Sanrio.  So you are thinking another Hello Kitty girl.  But hells to the No, she is not buying up any of the Hello Kitty plush and related items.  That is SO like the other 98% of the drones out there.  Kind of like ~67% of all iPhone users.  She is way into Chococat and Badtz-Maru.  Never heard of them?  That's because you are the 98%!!!  :pOh yeah, talking about gas.  Pretty cheap gas, but still quality gas.  But only for Costco VIP members.  Sam's Club member?  Stop cheating on Sam and get your gas at Spring Mountain.  It might be just as cheap, but I don't need you two timing Sam and taking up a spot in front of me in one of the 6 lines.  That means there are 12 pumps for all Costco guests to fill up at, assuming none are down for maintenance or blocked by the gas tanker making a delivery.Best time is obviously right when they first open, but who is up that early?  So obviously that means going right after Costco's warehouse closes, because Costco Gas is usually still open for awhile longer.  Even if you stop by during peak hours, the wait is still reasonable (definitely no longer than 25 minutes unless you are just really bad at predicting the quickest line, which is completely your own fault. So deal with it).Quick tip: Hate doing nothing while you wait in line?  Stop by the conveniently adjacent Costco Food Court for anything, but preferably something that can melt like a Hand-dipped Chocolate Ice Cream Bar.  Because before* it can melt completely over your hand and on to your car seat(s), you should be at the front of the queue with your Costco Member's Card at the ready to initiate another gas download transaction.  If ice cream bar melts completely before you get to the front of the line, please consider not buying more than 2 of them all for your self.  Thank you, come again.Oh yeah, there are plenty of parking spaces, but all the good ones are occupied.Review #25 of 2014
5	I have no idea how they do it. Most of the time I come here, their gas is 15-20 cents cheaper than everywhere else around here!I have been to a variety of Costco gas places in different states, but from what I remember, savings is generally in the 5-10 cents range. Some places you didn't even save anything. But 15-20 cents? I can't buy gas anywhere else anymore! I have a 3 percent reward on my Bank of America credit card, but I've stopped using it because Costco saves me so much on it's own. The ONE and only downside to this place, and Costco in general, is that they don't take other credit cards. Would love to get additional rewards on top of the incredible savings! (To clarify, any other cards but AMEX, which I don't have!)
5	Nice and clean location. Always packed!
4	TLDR: less traffic near opening and closing; often long waits; gas delivery around 7pm; members onlyCostco has provides its members with additional savings at the pump! I love the fact that you can use a gift card (without a membership card), any debit/ATM card, or an American Express as a form of payment. I often come around 7 am or 9pm to avoid the long lines and the heat. I've read somewhere that prices are better toward the latter portion of the work week so I attempt to frequent on a Thursday or Friday. I appreciate how the fuel exceeds the EPA detergent requirement by at least five times so I hope it does my car good. The attendant is generally friendly and I even have seen him swipe a member in if absolutely necessary. Kudos on the service!
