2	I'm sure you like me will be doing these pics on a whim..But before you actually take the pics and fall in love with them please read this.. We stopped as we were passing through Circus Circus with our family and came upon this quaint photo shop where they have western old fashion and gangster style photos with real props. We thought this would be the perfect photos for our family. We got the boyz all ready and spent the time to take all the pics. When we were done a rep by the name of Mike (who I later found out was the owner) showed us our pics. He was very forceful and wanted me to quickly pick a pose. We had many shots done...group, individual, and some of the two kids together...needless to say there were 89 pictures to choose from. We really like several hence the large order and felt he was not allowing us the proper time to choose...you would think he would spend what ever time necessary our order was a good size one BUT NOOOO ...he was still rushing us to the point I asked him if he needed to be somewhere...I asked him if there was a reason he was rushing us. It was to the point that we picked all the pics and I only bought a group photo telling him I needed to come back. If I did not like the pictures that were taken I would not have given him my money. As a business owner he should have been more patient with us. I actually had to think on this one long and hard especially when I found out the clerk was not a clerk but the owner. I would have to say the pictures turned out to my liking so in the end I bought them but to this establishment they could really careless about their customers.
5	The best damn old timey photo this side of the Mississippi. Or at least in the Southwest region. From what I'm told Buffalo Old Time Photo Company also has a location in Deadwood, so you know they're good. Circus Circus is a pretty crazy place, so it's no wonder they have an old fashioned picture studio on their premises. These folks are not messing around, either. As soon as you walk in and tell 'em that you want a photo, they take you to the back room with the costumes, tell you what to put on and start placing you in poses. Not sure about you all, but I have a hard time keeping a straight face when dressed up like a saloon girl. That being said, it was slightly difficult to maintain a serious mugshot during the shoot. Regardless, we were able to keep it together long enough to score some beautiful pics. And when I say "beautiful", I mean pretty stupid.Photos here aren't cheap. We got two copies of two photos (total of four altogether) with some paper frames. Total cost = $73. Was it worth it? Absolutely. Good value for your buck? Ummm? Not sure? Regardless, it was a fun experience and I'd definitely recommend Buffalo to friends or travelers to Las Vegas.
5	I have been taking my kids to Buffalo Old Time Photo (once known as Looking Back Photo in Sam's Town) since they were tots and before that I use to go get my photos done there. I have been a long standing customer for over 20 years. The owner Mike and manager Jenny are two wonderful people and very helpful. I have no two photos alike. We have done a big family photo there on more then one occasion. The girls in the studio are fun and bubbly. We stop in all the time whether it is to say hi or have a picture taken. They are always friendly and kind and the atmosphere is always a welcoming one. I feel that you cannot put a price on a memory and a photo here is a memory of fun, laughter and absolutely priceless. Just like everyone else in today's society, Buffalo Old Time Photo has had to adjust with gas prices and shipping prices. Bread, Milk, gas and other things have gone up in price and you need those to survive, but again a price on a memory and the laughter your kids, grandkids, and great grandkids and those after have is priceless. I would highly recommend Buffalo Old Time Photo and the experience to anyone. Fun and Laughter is something society is missing today and if that is what you are looking for then head on over to Circus Circus for a little fun and laughter inside Buffalo Old Time Photo. Tell them the Miller family and their recommendation on Yelp sent you. I promise the results are worth it.
5	I have had nothing but great experiences here and would recommend this place to anyone that wants a great memory from Las Vegas! I was lucky enough to get a family portrait done before we left Las Vegas and cherish those photos!! I can't wait to go back and have them done again on my next visit! The staff and management were so helpful and friendly and gave us the best deals and service on our sitting and photos!I would recommend this place in a heart beat!!
1	My family got our photos done here & they came out great but I would give this place a zero star if I could for customer service. One of the Hispanic girl working there had a real bad attitude & acted like we were inconveniencing her when we are paying over a hundred dollars to get our photos taken......if you hate your job that much maybe you should stay home & not take it out on customers.
5	This was our first time to have our family photos done here. Since I didn't want to stress on the traditional Xmas photo.. Of shopping for outfits and what color scheme to do? I figure come here and dress up! My girls had so much fun! It was well worth it since it's been 3 years ago since our last family picture. Go for something different this year for your family photos! Highly recommend!
5	So I've been visiting Vegas for the past 15 years or so almost yearly...except for last year. We always stay at Circus Circus because it's kid friendly and the rooms are decent.On our way to the Adventuredome near the Elevators is this phototography studio that specializes in vintage inspired photos. Last time I was here in 2012 I tried to get our photos taken but there was a long wait so I never got a chance too..bummer :(This Spring break I knew I couldn't misstating our photos taken. I was the first to arrive, The Store was open and we were in luck. The Photographer explained the process and said it would take around an hour, I thought..cool!Me and my girls selected out outfits..you get to choose outfits, accessories and what type of background. I of course  chose the car. The photographer then prepared us, she was very helpful and took photos of my girls first. Then a photo of me and then the group photo.She did a great job, it took us less than the time she said it would be. I think 45 minutes at the most. Then we select the photos we want and voila!This was a fabulous experience...the place was clean and the selection of outfits was impressive. Clothes were clean and we had a nice place to dress and undress. Both The Photographer and her assistant were very helpful and pricing was good. I used a 5 dollar coupon I received in my resort book from Circus Circus..thank you Esmeralda..I think that was your name, you're the best!
1	We went to have pictures taken at 8 pm and we are told that it will be an hour wait. The reason for the hour wait is because they have another group before us. But the other group has left to go do something else but will be back at some point. Can't believe that you would be willing to send paying customers away to save a spot for people that may come back at some point. Very poor customer service.
