2	Only good thing about this cvs is they take my insurance.....pharmacy is so slow and the drive thru service is terrible....always quicker to just go inside..
2	Drive thru is soooo sloooowww...  you would think I would just learn to go inside....
1	slllllloooooooooooooowwww.  Always a line and not enough help at prescription counter; makes me wonder..is there is a Dr. Feelgood in Maricopa??  All these dreadful souls there to pick up their oxy and Vicodin?  Not to mention, overpriced.  And do not take initiative when there is a problem.  GO TO COSTCO!!!!!
1	I am disgusted with CVS/Caremark.  You denied a cancer patient with cancer in her lungs a prescription for Advair.  Why?  Money.  You say you now require me to have a 90 day prescription for my Advair and won't accept my 30 day prescription.  Are you my doctor?  No.  You want to cut out the middle man and have me go through mail order.  So on a Friday afternoon you won't override YOUR policy and allow the 30 day prescription to go through.  A perfectly good prescription...not accepted because of corporate greed.  Was the CVS in Maricopa helpful???  Nope.   The woman on the phone laughed at me.  They told be I could pay retail or nothing. They should all be ashamed of themselves.
1	I pulled up to the drive-thru window at 3 p.m. and someone finally came to help me at 3:12. I was unhappy, he was NOT sympathetic. I will never go back. I was the only person in line at the drive-thru, and I had the definite impression that the people in line inside were served first while I waited in the heat. I guess CVS has so much business they don't care about mine. They are widely reviled in Maricopa and now I know why.
1	The service is extremely slow no matter when you go.  They also have a problem having your prescription ready at the time they state.  I've even been told they won't have time to fill my prescriptions until the next day.  Walgreen's is much faster and isn't run as poorly as CVS.
1	Still run by lazy ass people who do the bare minimum to earn their bare minimum.  Dont EVER think this is a quick trip to avoid Bashas or Frys...just go DIRECTLY to those stores.  The time you saved is non-existent as lazy ass employees do nothing to help one find anything in the store or answer simple questions.  this place sucks.
1	Just had it out with the pharmacist, who I can't even believe passed pharmacy school. We came about 9pm right after my surgery. I am in a rental car so I am the only one who can drive it, so even though I had emergency surgery, I still had to drive. Anyway we went through the drive through. We came close to 10 so the pharmacist who by the way looks Chubacca, (so you'll know her when you see her!) had a bad attitude from the get. Anyway I was given 3 prescriptions which needed to be filled, this meaning WORK for her big lazy ass! She slowly and RUDELY took my info, then told me it would be 30 minutes. At least that was pretty quick, so I said ok and preceded to return some texts and emails in the drive through while waiting, with no one behind me of course. She told me (ever MORE RUDELY) that I couldn't sit there, I needed to "Move along now!" and she Shoo-ed me away with her spastic hand motions...HOW RUDE! So I finished what I was doing, maybe 3 seconds, hunted for the gear shifter in the rental, that took a another second or 2, then, I can barely move my legs due to the surgery so pressing the gas took me a couple more too, so I am sure I looked like a smart ass to Pharmacist Elnas AKA Chubacca, and clearly yes... I am quite the smartass, but I wasn't being I was just in INTENSE PAIN! Hello people don't usually end up in the pharmacy at their best right? Which means they should have be pretty damn good by now at customer service when working there, No!??  Anyway she then RUDELY told me how she wasn't going to fill my prescription now. "I don't like you so that is my right." She said. YOUR RIGHT? You don't like ME? Not my attitude, not my pain or even my seemingly smart ass too slow for even your slow ass movement...but you don't like ME, CHUBACCA? "I have done nothing wrong, what are you talking about, I am in PAIN!" I exclaimed! She said, "Great so take a walk on in the store then and I'll fill it in here. I said, "I can't walk lady, I just got out of emergency surgery!" "Not my problem, there is another CVS down the street." She said, and she waddled away. That is when I flipped. I laid on the horn until she returned, asked for her name and license. Told her she was going to lose her job, at some point after she told me she wasn't going to fill it I started recording video of which I played a portion of for so could see herself and how she was acting. MIRACULOUSLY she apologized. "Please don't complain." she said, "I'll give you a gift card!" She said. "I'll fill your prescription." "Sorry it's just store policy." Hmmm that attitude you just watched your self give on tape, is that CVS store policy too? Funny what people start to offer when they see what their boss and the Arizona State Board of Pharmaceutical Licensing will see. Not to mention the attitude, the customer service and the blatant disregard for human well being & discrimination for the half crippled blonde with a doctors recommendation for pills because she just rolled off the surgery table! AHHHHHH. Whatever she rectified it. I got a $25 gift card to go with my now higher blood pressure. Still, it that was my grandma she was treating like that? Or yours. Or some other sore half crippled person in pain, or bad health or sickness. I just wouldn't want to have not done my part. I'm still going to complain...1. To you, fellow Yelpers! 2. To her boss3. To corporate CVS4. To the Arizona State Board of PharmacySo good luck Pharmacist Elnas Chubacca, may your days in some other industry be plenty and bright! And may your days of wanting to be fat and lazy because your shift is almost over, and when someone doesn't accept your happy little "I went to pharmacy school and now I work at CVS" power trip...be few and far between. STOP BEING RUDE to people who don't want to be there in the first place, when you are the one getting paid, WELL, to be there filling little bottles, when you probably don't want to be either.There are too many other people who need good jobs! I will never go back to the Chubacca CVS. Not even to use my $25 gift card. I will take her advice and go to the one down the street. And when I stop for gas? I hope she is the attendant behind the counter serving up slurpees, oh wait, with that attitude, she doesn't even deserve that position. Take your over paid $70,000 salary spring for some customer service classes you RUDE girl. See, I can be mean too! But I didn't call you Chubacca once! I was probably TOO nice to you which is why I needed to get all this out. People just DON'T send your prescriptions, your family or friends...let alone your hard earned dollars to this store or pharmacy. Unless you are looking for bribes for dealing with Chubacca, after all RUDE jerks need jobs too right?Attitude is everything folks. Ah ha! I feel much better, thanks Yelp!
1	Drive thru still completly blows......   waited in the drive thru line for 15 minutes...  you would think it would be much faster since people are not buying useless junk that they should be buying at other stores.   Think Im going to switch back to walgreens
1	please do not go to this site!!!!!!  save yourself the time and trouble....they never have the perscription my daughter needs in stock, they tell me they have to order it and would be in on a certian day, i come to pick up the perscription on the day  to find its not there to come back another day, to return when   told still not in, 2 weeks later we finally receive it. ... how did these poeple pass pharmacy school. i never delt a bunch of incompatent poeple in my life, especially the short little bald guy....  what a bunch of idiots.... not even worth 1 star.....thanks to walgreens across the street, they stock what we need.........
4	I have no idea why there are such low reviews on here. The service is fast and friendly and I have seen a huge improvement in the past few years. CVS accepts our insurance, is fast, and always has what we need on hand.
