3	I give this a 3 stars, because if your ordering Domino's, you know what your not getting a great pizza, your getting fast food delivered cheap. And at $7.99 a medium, with extra meat and such added while ordering online and no added charges, it's good for what it is. The pizza was fresh and fast, the people polite, the choice to no longer offer Parmesan cheese was irritating since we are moving and even our fake cheese was packed. No plates was a blech as well. I do like the thin crust and the Cheese Steak ( for what they are mind you, Would I rather Grimaldi's? heck yeah, but this is the McDonald's of pizza, and The Bride didn't want to order Chinese) The most you can realistically hope for is inexpensive pleasant mediocrity, which is what was delivered, and every time I have needed to order there, it's been consistent. So my experience is, good store team, company focused on the bottom line. I'd rather have cheap asian myself, but if this is the price of marriage, so be it.
4	Always great quality and delivery service. Really happy so far:)
2	Customer service here blows! I order online so there shouldn't be any confusion about my order. I open the box for my cinnamon sticks and there is RANCH for dipping?? I call the store and he offers to bring what I actually ordered but prefers to credit it from the order.... Uhhhh that should be credited and you still need to bring me what I ordered! Really Really disappointed in pizza delivery lately! Especially since your stupid tip was 30%!
5	Yummy as always , fast delivery !!! Pizzas were made perfectly!! Delivery person was very friendly!!! Great job !!!
3	Domino's = mediocrity. Needed something to eat in a pinch that was family friendly. I had just received an advertisement via email from Domino's, so we decided to just go with that.The orders of cheesy bread and specialty chicken were not worth $6 each. They were small for the price, and Domino's never fails to include a hunk of fat in the chicken I order. Everything was super salty. Nothing was outstanding.However...online ordering was nice and easy. The food was ready on time for carryout. The pizza was sliced cleanly, so it was easy to lift one slice of pizza out of the box at a time. I ordered my kids a pizza with double pepperoni. The extra amount of pepperoni was obvious and made me happy that we weren't slighted. My kids loved their pizza and gobbled the whole thing up.I would not go out of my way to get Domino's again, but it would suffice as a last resort.
4	They've upped their game. Usual order - Pan Pizza and Boneless Chicken. Love the Pizza Tracker, too. Oh, and it's usually here in less than 20 mins. Very consistent service.
4	We order from this Dominoes all the time and the pizza is always delicious. Unfortunately, we always order marinara sauce and they never bring it!! Very disappointing. Literally, every time!!!
