5	Have I ever mentioned I was lazy?  Well, I am.  Sometimes I don't want to leave my desk to grab some lunch.  But, man, do pizza and subs get old in a hurry.  North American Rotisserie is a fantastic alternative to your usual delivery food.  Great chicken and sides (mmm - potatoe salad).  Quick service.  Reasonable prices.
2	The chicken is good, but nothing special.  The thing about this place is that most all of the food tastes like it came straight from a giant plastic tub delivered by sexton/sysco.What really makes this place worthwhile is their puerto rican beans.  They are damn hot!  It's a refreshing contrast to the usual bland-wisconsin food (no thanks to the germans and scandanavians that settled the region). There are olives in the beans and that is actually delicious.   I can't stop spooning the spicy  mush into my mouth.
5	Once again, Purto Rican beans!  Not only large olives, but huge chunks of potato, diced ham, tomatoes, and, of course, beans.  I'd also recommend the San Juan Latin Corn, their jambalaya, and the regular-style chicken.  They also serve Wisconsin Badger cakes and such on game days, which make your puke red and awesome when the cake comes back up in an alley after doing the Octa-Bong.P.S. Best munch-out feast in the city, potheads.
2	The sides I ordered -- and YES, I ordered several of them ! ((cuban black beans, macaroni & cheese, coleslaw & potato salad)) -- were pretty good, bordering on VERY good.The chicken, though -- not so good.  I should have gone w/the rotisserie style chicken, that was my initial thought, but I said what the heck & got "Southern Fried" instead.  My chicken was more like "Southern Grease Soaked."  It was lukewarm, it wasn't fresh, it was sitting in a puddle of grease, the skin was pretty inedible... meh.  It just didn't go over well with me.It was delivery, not eat-in, so maybe that was part of the problem.  The order came relatively quickly after I ordered, so they get points for quick delivery, but it also leads me to believe that the food wasn't fresh/hot when they left the restaurant to bring it.As I said, the sides were pretty good, although not very seasoned.  I wouldn't order from there again.
2	A little disappointing...tried the catfish fillets with 2 sides: sweet potato fries and creamy spinach.  The S/O got the short ribs with three cheese mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes.  I would have to say the sides are carb-i-liously good.  There isn't anything too great about their BBQ sauce they tried to package off and sell by the jar full.  Wouldn't go here again, but was curious enough to try.
5	I moved away from Madison, WI 2 years ago, and yet, Kipp's still calls to me. The rotisserie chicken was always dependable as was the southern fried chicken (I ate there several times a week from the time I discovered it, till I left). The Wisconsin Three Cheese Macaroni (mac 'n cheese) was DELICIOUS and inspired me to work on my own mac 'n cheese recipe. The mashed potatoes and gravy became one of my favorite comfort foods, and overall, this place just always left me with a smile. The Latin Specialties are also great. Puerto Rican Rice, Puerto Rican Beans (HOT HOT HOT), Cuban Black Beans, San Juan Corn...you'll be in Heaven. And don't forget about the Texas Chicken Chili or the Louisiana Jambalaya. I had to do A LOT of running while I was in Madison, to counter the effects of LOTS of southern fried goodness, but it was well worth it. I stop by Kipp's whenever I am in town.
4	This football season when the Stadium was too packed and I surprisingly found the Gridiron shutdown to become some "Euro-Hotel" (ha!), I stumbled across good ol' Kipps.  Props for serving the fine Widmer brew and mac'n'cheese.  And a little old school hip hop mixed with n'sync?! Gotta love it!  Some sketchy port-a-potty's, but hey, after a few beers and brats, Wisconsinites can't help themselves, I guess.  Be sure to check it out on game day - you'll be pleasantly surprised.
