4	I was visiting Vegas for a month for work and probably ate my main meal of the day here about 3 times a week.  It's fresh, hot, tasty and not too expensive.  If you come at noon or around dinnertime expect there to be a line, which still moves pretty fast.  Try the Hot and Spicy Beef and Broccoli, filling and delicious, although depending on the cook, may come with tons of chopped garlic in it.  Not a problem assuming you don't have to interact with anyone soon after.  The staff is friendly and the food is good, what's not to like?
4	Yummy...and healthy. Unless of course you eat all of the white rice. They do offer brown though. Everything I've had here has been awesome, and I've tried almost everything on the menu. They have this tasty blackberry jasmine tea as well. I wish the owners of this location would take over the Grand Canyon location and the Ft Apache/Russell, cause both of those locations blow.
4	When you're dieting it's pretty damn hard to find a filling affordable dinner for ~500 calories. I was pleasantly surprised to find the chicken sweet and sour bowl with brown rice fit the bill. It was loaded with lots of white meat chicken, pineapples, and green peppers. The sweet and sour sauce was just enough to give it flavor without being too sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the entire dining experience - prices, calorie counts, taste, speed of food preparation, etc. I hope the ones in Henderson are this fantastic!
2	It has the wraps, smoothies and the teriyaki bowls.Healthy eating, brown rice, white rice, white meat, dark meat. Geeze, a variety. Nice staff While waiting for my order to go, Lil did I realize that they charged me 99 cents for white meat and 25 cents (to go fee). Unless If I'm desperate, I'd rather go down to another qsr and get another meal. c'mon if you're gonna mess me over, do it discreetly (like McDonalds).This location doesnt accept the coupons. I was just dismayed at the fact that something that should come with the bowl, shouldnt be charged extra.
2	This place has been hit and miss lately and today it was a miss. Half the veggies were fresh, the other half old. The Yakisoba was cold and a little al dente, and the white meat chicken was dry. You can do better. Though this is still better than the SAMs by Summerlin pkwy.
1	My first hand account of this place is that they are out of business.  This is based on pulling up to patronize the joint during lunch and it being closed.  That and the fact there is a HUGE "For Lease" sign in the window.  This is my first hand account of patonizing the joing.
4	Hooray!  The meat, rice, and vegis were hot!  This is only the first sampling of the new incarnation of this place. If they keep it up they'll be busy again. There is nothing like a banner or shaker boarder to let people know this place has reopened so that could hurt them. I encourage people to patronize this joint because there is no other teriyaki joint up here that I like. So yes, I am being selfish!!!What I got:Regular steak and chicken w/white rice and a small drink. Next time: Yakisoba!
1	Super bummed. The original owners of this location sold it. Not as good as it originally was...won't be going back.
2	I ordered the Yakisoba with Steak.  The noodles were too soggy, vegetables were overcooked and soggy and old tasting, and the steak wasn't seasoned enough.Service was awesome!
1	I was going to give them a 2 star, but I bit into mushy rice. Since this place reopened in April or so it's all gone down hill. Most recent annoyances are that they charge you more than what is posted on their menu board, the music they play is probably too urban for an enjoyable dine in experience, and the food has gotten worse. Mushy rice, tree branch like cabbage and mushy chicken. The steak has gotten better, but it doesn't compensate.  Not sure the staff is properly instructed on customer service or maybe they just don't care.  Last time I asked to be refunded the difference they had an attitude. It was only $0.30, but it was the point of the matter.  May just have to go next door to China Tango instead.  Hope thy get better.  I hate to see small business screw up.
1	The food took forever and still came out cold.  The quality of the chicken was poor and the price too high for the quality that you get.The best thing was the egg roll.
3	Back in the days when I was an Executive Assistant, one of my jobs was picking up food from Samurai Sam's for one of my more health conscious execs - so I would occasionally pick something up for myself. I found the food fresh and tasty.Years, and many jobs later, we found ourselves starving mid-day and were passing this area by.  My husband had never been, so we popped in to grab something quick.  I got the veggie bowl with brown rice.  It was just OK - not as good as I remember.  Kind of tasted "too healthy" with not enough deep sauce flavors.I have to say - the best thing about this place was the staff.  The girl that took our order was happily singing along to "Bohemian Rhapsody" and evangelizing about the greatness of Queen.  The entire staff obviously got along and were enjoying working there together - not something I expect from a casual FF joint. That wins an additional star from me immediately.
3	This place has gone down hill a bit in recent years (new management). However I still find it plenty enjoyable, the staff is usually freindly and I've never had problems with service. It is true they can take a long time though, for some reason every time I get an egg roll it seems like a fifteen minute wait, what is that about? Lol I basically stopped ordering an egg roll with my meal because of this.
2	Brown rice is MUSH!  Today was the second time I've been since my office moved a block away.  I gave it another chance because there is no way a place like this would over cook their rice to the point where it practically melted together....think again.  I have been to Samurai Sams a million times over the years for the "healthy alternative" to fast food and either something has changed to the quality of food or I've been there too many times that I'm burned out.  The rice issue is huge...who wants mushy rice?  Like someone said in reviews below-everything is now premade just sitting there.  Not sure how true that is but thats what it seems.  Big bummer. :(
3	Decent food and friendly service.
3	Always friendly service. Decent quality food.
2	Since I rediscovered Samurai Sam's on Grand Canyon and Flamingo, I thought I'd give this place another try.These places have the same name but they are not the same in quality!The staff working there the evening that I visited were merely high school kids working.  Nothing wrong with that at all. I applaud their willingness to work and make an honest wage.  What I had an issue with is their professionalism when working for a company.Proper English is required, no slang.  We are not buddies, I am your customer.  Don't be so loud when taking someone's order because the other people interacting with the cashier next to you will not be able to communicate at all.I remember better things from a few years ago, before the changes.  This WAS the Samurai Sam's that I used to compare the rest of the restaurants that had the "Samurai Sam's" name to it.  No more. So Sad.
4	Bought this on a groupon and boy am I hooked!  This place has good food and a great variety.  I would recommend you get the larger portion as its very cost effective.  Samurai Sam's...I will return!
1	In 2007 I probably would have given a great review, now 2013 I say Samurai Sam's offers over priced lousy food. I was seriously disappointed and I felt as if I was ripped off. I was given a Soggy egg roll (i ordered pot stickers), tasteless over cooked beef, mushy rice, less than fresh vegis , staff has a good attitude ...lack of training though. All goes to show that this place is poorly managed.
4	There are new owners at this location now. They seem to keep the place much cleaner than it was. The food is still the same. It is good quick healthy food, depending on what you order. I did not expect it to be spectacular, so I don't understand the other reviews that complained about the beef. It is a fast food restaurant, they are not going to use USDA Prime beef. I usually get a Sumo Bowl with brown rice and white meat chicken. It is a pretty big portion.I do agree with the reviews that said this place was better a few years ago. I started going here about six years ago, and you can tell the difference from then to now.
5	My wife was craving healthy so I decided to give this place another visit rather than driving a little further to the other location. I was astonished of the customer service. Was this because there was an ADULT on duty?  Very friendly, minute by minute updates. Very professional. I felt like a king in here!The order had me out the door in under FIVE minutes!  Yes!  This is how you do it people!!!I literally was back home with hot, healthy food in under 15 minutes, including drive time. It surprised my wife and myself. If they can recreate this experience consistently, we have a winner here.
1	The staff is super unfriendly and they close an hour earlier than the time they're supposed to close (for example: they close at 8 pm when the sign says they close at 9 pm) and they don't even open the door for you and apologize, they just sit around and stare at you.
5	New ownership has really bought back this quick high quality healthy meal restaurant. The quality has been very consistent and the service has been amazingly good with the change back to a family owned business. They offer a much healthier alternative to the standard fast food places. The Asian tacos are  sprightly tasty.
5	New management is really improving the place. About 2 months ago I really didn't like this place the service was SHITTY I mean cold crab puffs shitty.. but this recent experience was.. WOW.. the guys here smiling, happy, talkative about how my food is cooking and just wow got my food in less than 6mins! Give this place another try there's a big difference you'll be able to see.. and taste lol
5	Came here a few nights ago for some brain food, and I guess I came in at the right time. I've heard stories about lackluster customer services but each experience that I've ever had has not been bad in any way like the "others" say. Like forreal.It wasn't busy that night, but they saw me park my car as they were cleaning up to pass the time and all the employees pretty much got up into position and waited for me as I was walking in. Kind of awkward, kind of nice to be appreciated. They all intently waited for me to make up my mind.I ordered the STEAK RICE BOWL with brown rice and veggies. By the time I was done paying for the order, they were practically almost done with my food. I was thanked for coming and it did feel genuine. I was pleasantly surprised that the services was so good.Now the fact that the food was cooked so quickly, I was hesitant, but the taste test proved otherwise as my food was delicious. I've come to this place before, one of my younger brothers used to work here and the quality of the food has always been very good. I don't usually go to other locations so I can't speak on their behalves, BUT this place never disappoints.
3	I wonder if I'm missing something?  For some reason, although Samurai Sam's is very close to my job, I always seemed to pass it by for no reason in particular.  However, yesterday they had balloons hanging and it looked festive, so I decided to stop by to see what was going on.Apparently, Sam's was celebrating their anniversary, so every meal came with a free egg roll.  Okay, let's try it out! I got a chicken (dark) and veggie Yakisoba bowl along with my egg roll.  It was just okay. I felt that it was healthier than Panda Express, but I really didn't feel very satisfied. The noodles were a little dry, and there wasn't much sauce at all. The egg roll was okay, but a little on the small side. And all of this cost $7.19.  I didn't feel like it was really a great value for the money, unfortunately.
2	I used to work in the same shopping center. I would go here on my breaks a lot. But as the years went on it just wasn't the same anymore.At first the prices were good then it would be almost $40 for 3 rice bowls. Sometimes they barely put rice, veggies, or meat in the bowls. And it seemed like every time I would go there, this one employee in particular would have an attitude. At first I thought It was because we always put extra sauce on once we get the food. But then I started asking for extra sauce as we were ordering so she could charge us but that didn't seem to help.Sometimes the rice is hard or the meat is too pink. I don't really like going here anymore.
1	Seems to be a private owned location either family or friends running it, my chicken is burnt, the sauce taste nothing like samurais sauce and for the spice instead of it being red spice it's black pepper. Never will I come back to this location not to mention small portions. Don't come to this location
1	Food did not taste good at all for the price, we were very dissapointed and won't be back.
4	This place is great. I loved my Spicy Steak and Broccoli bowl for lunch and the sauce hits the spot... San Jose needs one of these places!
5	Best chicken teriyaki in town. Really affordable and healthy.. The veggies are fresh and delicious.. Plus the owners are really really nice people
1	I don't care for Samurai Sam's based on the very few times I have visited. The food is sad, oily and the portions are skimpy for the price point. This location was empty even during peak lunch hours, that says something.
2	It smelled like a broken sewer pipe when we walked in. We should have taken that as a sign and left. The food was nothing special and not worth the money. We ordered chicken and steak bowls with vegetables and brown rice. The egg rolls were soggy and flavorless. We could have got a way better meal for the same price somewhere else. We won't be going back.
