4	Great service! Don't worry if you don't know what things are, just ask, and they'll let you know.  Happy Hour is where its at. 5-7PM with specials on appetizers, rolls, and sake bombers. Things are fresh, tasty, and in a cute atmosphere. They also have pretty good lunch specials.
4	What a surprise to find this cozy joint in this neck of the woods!  It's the most authentic sushi bar I've experienced in the East Valley.  The chef was really a Japanese man and didn't speak a word of English, nor did he smile.  He is the type of sushi nazi most small authentic joints employed, ha.  The restaurant layout was very traditional with a lowered bar and stools and curtains splashed with Japanese designs separating the kitchen.  It probably holds less than 20ppl inside.  Just the kind of intimacy I sometimes prefer.  We sat at the bar and ordered a few traditional rolls and I have to say the rice was superb and the spicy tuna was well seasoned and yummy.  Would like to go back again soon :)
4	This place is great! The have happy hour from 4pm - 7pm (I think) and most things are half off. The quality is awesome. This is by far my new favorite sushi joint and its right on my way home from work. This place is small and quaint inside and the staff is super nice. They have huge selection of rolls and everything else.
4	If you want some good sushi for a great price then look no further. I usually eat here 2-3 times a month and my wife and I really like it. The waitstaff is very polite and helpful, and the service is awesome.  The place is small and cozy and the fish is always fresh. They have an awesome selection of rolls, and you have to try the Red Rock roll, and the Santa Fe Roll, as they are delicious.
4	Who would have known this place has happy hour sushi if it weren't for Yelp? I wouldn't have!It wasn't quite half off, but a good selection of their rolls and nigiri pieces are $1 off at happy hour. I went on a Wednesday at 6 PM and business was doing well. All the tables were full and people around the bar. The prices are reasonable to begin with, most of the basic rolls are about $3.50-$4.50 so $1 off I think is a great deal. The nigiri is obviously cheaper. Great quality too and extremely friendly service. Can't wait to go back.
3	besides the plastic i found in and or on one of my sushi rolls after i put it in my face the sushi was good service was good as well, when you ....well i walked in there seams to be this silence as the employs watch you like you going to do somethig crazy or spectacular or somthing like take a seat.any way place was decent but I will probley sushi else where next time.After I showed the plastic to the waitress she apoligized but no comp was offered........
5	I cannot say enough about this place. They have some Excellent Rolls and Sashimi, and the service is excellent. I am not sure why the news has not been released, but this place is a gem. I love the sushi here, and frequent this establishment at least 6 times a month.They have just remodeled the restaurant, and they have a new sushi bar, and have added more seating to the place. Sambo is an outstanding Sushi Chef, and they have FRESH fish. My personal favorites are the Saguaro Roll, Santa Fe Roll, Lemon Roll, Princess Roll, Tuna Sashimi, Red Rock Roll and Spicy Tuna.They have a great happy hour, and there is a patio for seating during the nice weather months.I wish more people would frequent this place, as I think that if you like sushi and want to stay to a budget, then you need to have dinner or lunch at Four Seasons.
1	Awful service, sushi is not even worth mentioning. Cannot believe this place is still open. We sat at sushi bar and were not greeted when we walked in or sat at the bar. Same goes for everyone else who came in behind us. They do not have enough staff to keep this place clean or keep the flow going. The sushi chefs are armatures. In the 45 min there, I never saw either of the sushi chefs or waiter talk to anyone. All tables & spots at sushi bar were left sitting dirty with people eating around them. We actually saw them take a plate from a table that was served the wrong order (had eaten off of it) and clean it up and send it out to another table. Makes me sad to see a place like this so busy when there are others that are struggling to stay open.
3	ok ok I came  back for lunch lots of specials food was good our wait person was friendly and efficent .
5	I have been here 4 times this month.  I'm a huge fan due to the value of this place.  Unmentioned so far has been the huge facelift of this restaurant- it's twice the size, really nice deep blue colored walls, wooden floors ( on the new half, sadly concrete on the old half ), lots of asian touches in terms of decoration that are understated but elegant.The food is very good, from the appetizers to the greatly priced sushi, their specialties rolls won't get more expensive than 6.50.  Speaking with the chef-owner, they receive the same seafood suppler as Hana's in phoenix.  Which is nice because this place is literally half the price!  I've spent $12 on 3 rolls of sushi and been stuffed.  I will keep going to this place and hope you will too!
3	I've come here for lunch a few times, mostly out of convenience, but this place is pretty decent for the value/price. Every time I've been here, I've always gotten the Lunch Combo E: Spicy tuna roll (8 pc) and Spicy yellow tail roll (8 pc) for approx $7.50 with tax. So far, I have not been disappointed, but then again, these are some pretty hard rolls to mess up.
3	We had high hopes for this place, as there was a sushi place less than a mile from our new home. And it wasn't bad. However, it wasn't great either. The sushi was average or maybe even a bit below. The prices were good. And the atmosphere was a bit disappointing. We're giving this place a second chance, though, in the hopes that we caught them on an off day.
5	I'll admit, some of the recent reviews made me leery about returning here.  I returned today, and very relieved that the alleged roaches, if they were ever even here, decided to move off the premises.  I went a little over board with the sushi today, getting a higley roll, which is a CA roll inside with white fish (shirome?) on top, sliced jalapeno, and a dash of srihacha sauce.  8 piece roll was 6.50, I was pretty happy with the spicy flavors and size of the roll.  I'd also ordered the Aji (mackerel) sashimi, very tasty, with a surprisingly smooth finish, and at $5 can't complain.  The spicy tuna roll, 8 pieces for $4, was standard, the tuna with a great soft texture, and perhaps would have been better if I had not had the spicier Higley roll earlier.  A 6 piece roll of yellowtail with scallions for 3.50 was also filling, but nothing special.  I finished off the night with some salmon nigiri, which as always was superb.  As ever, the quiet confidence of the chef and friendliness of everyone working here makes this my favorite sushi place in the East Valley.
5	Let me just say that sushi is my absolute favorite. I eat it as much as I can. I have also tried a lot of sushi restaurants in my search for the best. This place is def comparable to the best places back in LA. Sometimes the service is slow, but that is because they are busy. They are always polite though. Now let's get to the good stuff. The sushi is delicious. It is super cheap for sushi ($6 rolls) and the quality is excellent. I always come here when I want good sushi.
4	This place is a little bit of a ways away from me, but I needed to take a break from Teharu, so we headed here for happy hour. They had some great specials, and it looked like they renovated the place since the last time I went there. Prices are good at $6.50 average per roll. My bf and I ordered 4 different rolls, an appetizer and spicy udon pasta and our bill was under $50. Any sushi dinner under $50, I'm a fan. (Blue Wasabi 2 drinks 2 appetizers 1 roll $70= not a fan)
5	OMG! The food here reminds me of home! Back in Hawaii we have the best sushi and Hawaiian poke "raw fish w kukui nut and seaweed salad" and the service is great. Even tho the ambiance is a bit like a sports bar it is clean and the fish is fresh! Four Seasons sushi will NOT take and arm and a leg when it comes to prices! So if you got that craving for sushi I think everyone needs to cruz on over and enjoy the great treats that Four Seasons Sushi has to offer!
3	Prices were ok. Some of the rolls were just ok, some were really good.
5	This is one of my favorite "hole in the wall" places to eat. The prices are great and the sushi is always fresh. They also have some pretty decent appetizers. The Lemon Roll is very refreshing and you really can't go wrong with their lobster roll either. The only roll I haven't liked is the southwest roll and only because it was so spicy I couldn't enjoy it.
5	Still extremely happy with this place, and upon reflection, wish to add the great value here, after going to Sushi Eye on a Friday night and dropping $120 between 2 of us, with a comparable huge meal coming out to be $70 here.  Nigiri excellent rice-to-fish ratio, with the fish definitely being the star of the show.
2	YUCK! I typically enjoy sushi, but the numerous occasions I have been here, it just seems as if the service is HORRIBLE, and the sushi is even worse. It is not fresh, I hate to say this for lack of a better word, but just tastes 'funky'. The reason it gets at least 2 stars is because it is very cheap, and they have some unique roll ideas. I like the lemon roll. I would recommend that if you want to check this place out yourself. I also got the spicy tuna, and the southwestern roll. The seaweed and veggies that were coming out of the end looked wilted and not fresh.Try it for yourself, if you are looking for good prices on sushi. If you want good service and fresh ingredients, go elsewhere.
3	3 Stars for happiness.  I've been spoiled with fantastic sushi from Oregon, Maine, and Hong Kong and so far Arizona had been the suck.  A friend suggested this place so I went.  Being from Tempe, this is a little out of the way and it looks a little downscale.  The service was really very nice to my wife and I and the sushi chefs even chatted with us from time to time (I ALWAYS sit at the sushi bar itself).  The rolls were reasonably priced and most were really well executed.  It can get awkwardly rowdy in there when a table starts shooting Saki bombs.  The confined space makes for a ruckus.  My grades:Food: B (Freshness: B+, Execution: B-)Service: B- (I would like to be visited at least once during my meal to see if I want more tea instead of flagging you down)Price: B
3	Not the best sushi I've had. True to price, cheap price = semi decent in taste. Probably wont come back but it was worth a try.
4	The sushi is okay. I've definitely had better, but I like this place because it's so cheap! Also it's close to where I live and go to school, so that is convenient. A lot of my friends don't like the quality of this place, but I would say it's above average in terms of sushi places here in Arizona. There's a pretty extensive menu for rolls and the usual nigiri and sashimi. The drink special is quite awesome if you can make it there on time. The service can be spotty sometimes. I think the worst time to go is during lunch because it is so crowded and people are usually on a limited time schedule. Dinner can get super busy too especially during happy hour.
4	Great sushi! Went during happy hour. Very pleased with service and quality of food. Will definitely eat here again. Normal hours seem a little pricey, but not bad.
1	WORST SUSHI IN THE VALLEY! I have been eating there for 3yrs, but these last few months have been very disappointing, the fish was tasting old, the nigiri looked horrible, like if bought at a cheap supermarket lacking color, but I've put up with it. Last night I went again and they no longer have happy hour and the prices went up! I was puzzled! But again I just went with it, but when my order came, the avocado was BROWN (i uploaded a pic on here)!!!!! The rice tasted OLD! The cucumber was HARD! I was so upset, I asked for the check, paid, and went directly to the owner/chef who makes the sushi and ripped him a new one! He had this face like hes heard it before, which made me even more upset. It was a sad day, I use to LOVE that place! (shaking my head)
4	This joint offers good sushi for a good price.  Ya'll, you get what you pay for.  I recommend the sushi rolls, not a sashimi fan here.
1	I will not be returning to Four Seasons, due to the following;1. The beverage I ordered was hot green tea. It was the worst tea I've ever tasted. To this day I still think that it was not even tea. It was a murky, brownish-green color, and tasted like dirty salt water.2. The waiter could not understand my appetizer order. I ordered vegetable tempura, but he kept on verifying that I was ordering the shrimp tempura combination. This went on for 5 minutes.3. We ordered miso soup and it never arrived at the table. When I told the waiter that we never received the soup, he said "yes it is right here on the ticket." It took another 5 minutes for him to realize that it never arrived, and was not ingested. 4. The food was sub-par and not fresh.
5	I love this place.  They always have the freshest fish in thier sushi rolls.  I went to another sushi place in Gilbert the other week and they had chewy seaweed where I thought I would never be able to swallow it.  I have been to Four Seasons many times and have never had anything less than great.  They always have extended happy hour specials.  I recently tried the red bean mochi ice cream and is was fabulous.  Since this place is so close to home it will be my go-to sushi restaurant!
5	I have enjoyed my experiences eating at Four Seasons very much. Not only is the sushi fresh and delicious, the atmosphere are warm and comfortable. The happy hour specials are like no other place I have been. The employees are so very gracious and kind. I find good service hard to find in a good sushi restaurant. I will return to the Four Seasons Sushi Bar & Grill many times.
3	If you live in the area, this is a good place to get a sushi fix without having to drive 20 minutes to get to a really good sushi restaurant.  However, this place is far from my first choice.  When I have the time, I'll spend the 20 minutes driving to something better.  But I don't always have the time, so this place is convenient for lunch, or dinner when I don't feel like driving 20 minutes somewhere else.The service is inconsistent.  Sometimes I'm out really fast, but other times I'm waiting for a long time for service.  It helps to tell them you're in a hurry to get back to work by 1 if that's your situation.
2	Meh, not bad, not good, just meh.Came here after a stressful day of school and decided to treat myself to some sushi. We had recently got a doorhanger of their menu at our house so I took a dive and decided to try 'em. Arrived during happy hour (it was dead inside- an omen?) and ordered out deciding on the rainbow roll and two spicy tunas. I figured you can't really go wrong with either selection. The waiter was really nice and even offered me a free drink while I waited but kindly declined since I feel bad taking things without paying...Unfortunately when they rung me up and I saw my check - DURING happy hour- I should have rethought that free drink!  (Perhaps happy hour doesn't apply to take out?? *note: didn't see it listed anywhere on their in restaurant menu*... but maybe I should have brought my grandma's reading glasses to search for super, fine print *wink wink*. Got the sushi home and was pleasantly surprised with the amount they gave me. Couldn't wait to dig in, until I grabbed a piece with my chopsticks and at first bite could taste that the fish was quite warm and rubbery....ick, so I threw it in the fridge to give to my cats later. [Even I'll admit, that's probably the most expensive meal my two babies have ever feasted on, but at least someone got to enjoy the rolls!]
3	I come here for lunch fairly regularly since it's right next to my office. I've gotten several of the sushi combo plates and the seaweed salad and found everything to be tasty. My only disappointment was the bulgogi bowl (Korean style beef), which fell far short of what any Korean restaurant would offer.The service here is cordial and prompt (usually because there are hardly any customers), but the waitresses are a bit awkward. None of them are native English speakers, and one of them has the grating habit of making every sentence sound like a question, a la "You may sit wherever you like??" Overall, this place is good enough I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. Never had a bad experience, but never had a great one either.
4	Came here once several years ago. I think it was our first sushi in the east valley, and we really enjoyed it. The vegetables were crisp, the fish was pretty fresh, and the sushi chef was making the food right in front of you.We sat at the bar in front of the chef on our visit. Small wait staff, but it is a small restaurant and it gives you the opportunity to watch the chef prepare the food while you wait. We tried a couple of different rolls which were served with wasabi and pickled ginger. We had some soup which was pretty tasty, and I believe we also ordered a chicken entree. I do remember one of the rolls was the princess roll: very good!Food was well priced, and their website and menu in-store offer a lot of explanation on what different rolls are and what ingredients are in each one.Clean atmosphere, friendly service, a lot of selection, and good prices will mean we will definitely have to try Four Seasons again.
4	I think many of these reviewers haven't been here in a while- The place is in transition, so while it may be a bit confusing getting multiple menus, their sushi is cheap. The waiters and waitresses have always been extremely kind to me, and even gave me samples of stuff their changing on the menu. Sure, it may not be the best sushi EVER, but it's tasty, affordable, and I like the people who work there.Also, because of the changes it has happy hour prices every day all day. Keep in mind though if you order takeout, you do not get the happy hour prices. I like going there for lunch (I work nearby) because you can pick two sushi rolls and get soup, salad, and an orange thing for dessert, all for about 6 or 7 bucks.As far as their rolls, I really like their lemon roll =]
1	Terrible service and food
3	New management has led to hiring a new sushi chef and new waiters/waitresses. The service people now speak with normal intonation, and you now get an orange for dessert after every meal. Unfortunately this still isn't a stand-out place. And the strange tendency to pair Japanese entrees with macaroni salad kind of weirds me out.Sticking with 3 stars.
5	Love this place, local family favorite, staff is very friendly and personable. Sushi and rolls are great and reasonably priced. It's my kids restaurant if choice!
4	The sushi here is good. Go during happy hour, because the prices are great! The service was really fantastic. The staff were friendly, helpful, and polite. My first experience here was a really good one. I'll be back whenever I'm back in town.
4	Someone suggested this sushi restaurant to me while I was eating at another one.  It's about 30 miles from my house, so I waited until I was in the area to try it out.  Finally, after a couple of months, some personal business took me to the area.  I thought this restaurant was going to be in a Four Seasons hotel.  So, I was mistaken on that one.  It is basically in a shopping center type area.  The sushi was fresh and well-prepared, though.  We had the seared tuna, scallops, salmon, yellowtail, ama ebi (sweet shrimp) and seared albacore nigiri sushi (2 pieces each) and a soft shell crab roll.  Each of those was very good.  We also ordered the pork katsu large plate that came with rice, salad, some mixed vegetables and miso soup.  The pork katsu was very good...cooked just right...crunchy but not hard...the mixed vegetables were excellently prepared.   The broccoli was cooked just right...which is rarely accomplished at most restaurants I've been to.  I ordered hot green tea and, contrary to one of the reviewers from back in 2011, it was delicious and came in a large cup...and was refilled at no charge.And, finally, Thomas waited on us and he was very nice and accommodating.  He was very busy, but always checked in with us to see that we were doing alright.  He always re-filled our drinks and was just a pleasure.  It turns out he is also the manager and it shows.  He takes a great amount of pride in his restaurant.  Kudos to Thomas!
4	Like most people with a healthy desire for self-preservation, I am pretty wary about the idea of so-called cheap sushi. Keeping raw fish fresh enough to eat without dire results is expensive, and that is one corner I really don't like to see cut. Given this I was hesitant to try Four Seasons after taking a look at their incredibly low menu prices. But fortunately for Four Seasons and their diners, low-quality fish is not the path they take to keeping prices disconcertingly low.Their secret? Well, there's a few. There is, as the wait staff will inform you upon seating, a minimum amount you have to spend. I forget exactly what the number is because I have never been in danger of falling short of it. But it might be a concern if you're stopping by for a solo lunch. Also, the rolls are fairly small and not exactly bursting with fish. They try to make up for that with a bunch of sauces and innovative chef creations. Some of these are delicious, like the Las Vegas, Saguaro, and Cardinals rolls. Others are too busy, like the Banzai roll. Some are just weird, like the Albacore and Sweet Onion roll. Nothing's terrible, but some are going to seem like more of a deal than others. The good news is that with these prices you can afford to experiment. Kitchen items like appetizers and yakisoba are worth getting here, though again, they won't knock your socks off. The interior is well-appointed, the staff is friendly and competent, and there are plenty of great shops nearby to walk to after eating. While Four Seasons is probably not going to top anyone's list of best sushi places, it's combination of very good sushi and low prices might make it a favorite. It's certainly one of my favorites.
5	Very fresh. Staff was very friendly. Great food. Great price!
4	I was in town for business and this place was right around the corner from the hotel. I am huge fan of sushi and I regularly eat sushi (almost weekly). Living in Southern California I am a bit spoiled by the number of good places for fish, so I was concerned about the number of people (or lack there of) on a Saturday night. Sat at the bar, was given a rundown of the menu and options and told about the happy hour. I ordered away and the food came quickly and was very delicious. Just what you would expect from a sushi restaurant. The salmon was buttery, the tuna was on point and they had tobiko (flying fish roe). Gave the DBack roll a try and it was tasty but not my favorite.I ate more than my fill for a very reasonable price (under $40). Go check this place out. I think it is a hidden gem. Maybe it needs better signage or something, but if you like your sushi, add Four Seasons to your rotation.
4	They have a pretty decent happy hour here for sushi.  The staff is very friendly and the Alaska roll is delicious.  The booths are a little tight so ask for a table if you need more room.
5	5 rolls and two beers for under $50! Can't beat this place. Amazing prices and even better sushi. Happy hour all day long!
4	The Las Vegas roll is a must try, I have had them at many different places but theirs is my favorite! Just know that if you order sushi to go you do not get the happy hour prices.
4	Never tried sushi before ,, tried theirs and there spicy tuna and lemon salmon was very good  I will go there.again soon !!!!!
4	Great place for good cost Sushi! They make it a great value with their always "happy hour" prices - the quality of Sushi (despite being concerned about how inexpensive) was amazing!  Additionally, they provide the soup and salad at no additional cost.Make sure and ask about the special rolls that are not on the menu - for example, the Medusa roll is amazing!The staff is always very friendly and treats you like one of their family - it is great to go to a restaurant where they really seem to enjoy their patrons!!
5	We had lunch here and really enjoyed it. The sushi was not the best I've had, but it was good. The server is what made it a very enjoyable meal, she was very attentive and smiled the whole time. I plan on going back!
4	I are here for the first time today with my husband, his aunt, and his aunts boyfriend. We walked in and were greeted right away. The service was friendly. While waiting for our sushi, we munched on side salad and miso soup. The miso soup was absolutely AWFUL. The miso here was probably the worst that I have ever had. The restaurant was redeemed when I started eating my sushi. The smoked salmon was amazing. The four of us stuffed out faces. I had one beer and my husband had two. Our bill for all four of us was $70. Try this place. You won't be disappointed and if you are, at least you won't be out of a lot of cash. Great prices!
5	Great sushi and affordable prices. The staff takes good care of you and the sushi chefs are amazing. I've been to other sushi restaurants in the area, but I always come back to Four Seasons. Highly recommend this hidden gem
5	Service was amazing..... They asked us 5 times if we got our Vegas roll. They made for damn sure we had our food. Our vein popping homie that we nick named broomstick Bram made sure we stayed thirsty up until we paid the bill. If you are a stoner don't go there because you won't get your drinks. You will walk out foaming from the mouth looking like a rabid dog.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before... I frequent this restaurant at least once a week. It is my absolute favorite sushi in this area. The caterpillar roll is the star of this fine establishment. We also really like the the Philly roll, lemon roll, Santa Fe roll, Shrimp lovers roll... Heck we've probably tried them all. The sashimi is always really awesome as well. Go here.
4	Priced so right and it's so good! Happy hour all say everyday and you can combine with lunch specials!!! Cheapest white tuna in town!
4	Our family ended up trying this restaurant by default. We were actually trying to go next door, but they were closed. We were happy to see that they were priced very moderately. The teriyaki bowls were only like 7 bucks and were a great deal. They are one of the few places that serve bulgogi, and the meat was tender and tasty. The sushi is ok and is moderately priced as well.  (I think the octopus was fake though.) The happy hour sushi pricing made it well worth it!The service was really great. The only thing I wasn't crazy about is that they served things whenever they were ready and didn't serve them at the same time. Some people were almost finished with their meal by the time others receive theirs. Our drinks were never empty and our empty plates were never sitting around waiting to be taken.  We will definitely be returning here soon.
4	Ate here several times and the place it a great place for some sushi.  It is surely not a big fancy Scottsdale place with the glam but if you are looking for a good place to get some sushi for a decent price then check this place out.  They have all day happy hour and their sushi is very tasty.  I've only eaten the sushi here so I cannot comment on the other foods on the menu.
1	Terrible customer service. If you want Business don't argue with customers. Whatever they are doing with the rice doesn't taste right. I am a regular customer and come in twice a week and I felt very harassed and I didn't feel welcome. The women's bathroom never has hand soap! How are they washing their hands? This place is last on my list :(
5	This place is so top notch.  I love being able to see pictures of the sushi on the menu.  (That is how you know a place is GOOD) Always fresh, and tastes outstanding.  I would eat every roll on the menu if I could, but I highly recommend the Arizona Roll, and the Candy Cane Roll.  Can't wait to go again!
