5	Cheese lovers rejoice!As if Victoria Street didn't have enough shops to satisfy your taste buds, there's this amazing small cheese shop I love.   Not only is it located on my favourite street but you can also sample their delicious cheeses as well. Although it's a bit pricey their quality is excellent and well worth for that special dinner party you may have in mind.(Or just to spoil yourself for the heck of it) The staff have always been extremely friendly and despite the shops small size it's crammed with countless cheeses, as well as organic nib bits to go with them, jams and organic chutneys. Keep your eyes peeled for the shops speciality of that day as well.  If you like cheese, just go!
4	You can smell I J Mellis before you see it, which used to be a grievance with me when I was younger. Now that I have grown up a bit and really appreciate fine produce, I have grown to love the aroma that wafts up from this shop on Victoria Street.I J Mellis specialise in cheeses from Scotland, England and Ireland, and are great at showcasing the cheese that is produced practically  on our doorstep (not literally, of course - that would be weird!)So even though I have never experienced someone stirring dairy produce outside my house in the morning, I have tasted some gorgeous cheese made in Arran, up north and in Ireland. The Ireland cheese in particular is scrumptious - it's billed as being salty, but I find it gives it flavour. They also sell Scottish outcakes, delicious milk and some deli appetisers.It's pricier than going to the supermarket, but then you would expect that from a place with such quality foods. People certainly don't seem to mind paying extra either, since these cheeses are treats. Great for cooking but also for special occasions - some of the flavours in here would make for a very colourful cheese board indeed! I'd recommend trying the blue cheeses - I was a bit shy of them before I tried I J Mellis since they are typically potent, but some of the Scottish blues sold here give you a good introduction.You could almost say I J Mellis reeks of quality, but to suggest that would be cheesy(!)
5	Does Edinburgh really need three branches of I.J. Mellis? If you've sampled the cheese they sell, you'll know the answer is YES. Established in 1993, this picturesque shop is the original I.J. and is located halfway down the charming Victoria Street in the Old Town. It's tiny compared to delis like Clark's and Valvona & Crolla but they manage to pack a lot of character and flavour into the space. On a weekend it's usually crammed with tourists ooohing and aaahing at the produce but in the week, its easy to walk in and pick up supplies for a last minute picnic.On those rare occasions, my basket usually includes a campagne loaf, rustica olives, grilled artichokes, parma ham, Montgomery Cheddar, Ragstone goats cheese and some Mrs Kirkham Lancashire.
5	We love this cheese shop! It was a stop on the Eat Walk Edinburgh Walking Tour. At that time we sampled some of the best tasting cheeses either of us had eaten. The young man who guided us through our tasting was terrific! He has a passion for his job and it showed.We went back the next day for some more of the lovely local sheep cheese. Yes it might be expensive but we paired it with some bread, wine and fruit for a nice supper...our least expensive meal in the UK so far.Victoria Street is a favorite as well. Drop into the DemiJohn shop for a unique taste of fruit infused vodkas, sherrys, oils and vinegars.
5	Wonderfully knowledgable cheesemonger. Try all the Scottish cheeses.
5	This review should probably just be the word "cheese" written over and over until it ceases to make sense. As that is what Mellis do, solely, and extremely well: cheese. Cheese, cheesy, cheese.You'll smell this shop before you see it (cheeeeeesecheese), and on first walking in the smell is so much stronger than you had prepared for. (CHEESE!) Small, and cold, but the perfect temperature and setting for a massive table of cheese, with a small counter to pay, a small fridge for cooler cheese, and a few shelves for biscuits and oatcakes.The shop assistants are happy to give guidance. I procured 3 cheese when I last visited. One by recommendation (Lanarkshire Blue), and two as a random picking of pot luck. The goats cheese was very mild (too mild for my tastes) but the Smoked Ardahag cheese was very unusual, very delicious (in a pongy sort of way) and everyone at the dinner party seemed to agree. (One person said it tasted like marmite, and in hindsight I can see what she meant).So in conclusion, cheese cheese cheese. CHEESE!
5	This is the most incredible cheese shop I've ever seen. Lots of fresh selections of Scottish cheese. Loch Arthur Cheddar & Lanark Blue are the best. Warning: Use of these cheeses will create future cravings.
4	Simply the place to go for cheese in Edinburgh, decent range of local and foreign cheeses. Would have been 5 stars but each time I've gone in customer service a bit off-handish.
4	Lovely, well organized selection of cheeses. Staff seems to really know their stuff and will gladly make recommendations or let you taste a sliver. Very well curated selection of varied Scottish cheeses as well as others from around Europe. Each are described well on their nametags.There are more cheeses available by the till, so don't think you've seen everything displayed on the left-hand table or the refrigerated case if the place happens to be a little crowded, which it may be, since it's small but apparently very popular. Aside from the expected accompaniments like quince paste, they also sell jars of chutneys, including a spicy pumpkin one which is pretty amazing. Many types of oatcakes and crackers too. I highly recommend buying a jar of caramelized red onion jam here as well.
