4	The food was quite good on my first visit and it is great to see more places with a traditional Hong Kong menu to order from.  What it lacks in interior design it made up for in quality of the dishes.  Definitely worth a check out and located in a convenient spot for the academics.  The fotos of the food in the entry are pretty helpful too!
5	5 star cuisine anywhere.  Fresh, tasty greens.  Sweet, succulent dishes. Fresh, firm noodles.  Great service too.
5	Probably the most authentic chinese food you can find in Pittsburgh. My menu favs include: Pork and Preserved Egg Congee, Cold Chicken, and young pea sprouts.
5	For those of you familiar with those Hong Kong style cafe/restaurants that have great prices, good food, and a ridiculously extensive menu... this restaurant is just like that, but cleaner and friendlier.This is indeed the most authentic Cantonese food in Pittsburgh. They also do take out. For those unfamiliar with the menu, there are large colour pictures of everything when you walk in.
5	The name translates to "Home Taste" which is definitely is. Authentic Cantonese comfort food from anyone used to living near a Chinatown. There are appetizing pictures of many dishes in the entry way to help you choose if you don't know real.  Don't let that put you off.  The pictures are helpful for choosing dishes with Chinese vegetables.
4	Will definitely be coming back, if only because they actually serve congee.  For real, honest to goodness congee.  Not watered down congee, or overly thick congee.  Just right. (although, they could have cut up the preserved egg a little more).Pea shoots were a little over salted, but those are so delicious that I don't care how I get it.  We also had gong chao ngo ho (that's beef with wide noodles), which was good, but the sauce was a little on the sweet side.Too bad that they don't have fresh roast Chinese meats.  But whatever.  A real Cantonese restaurant that I can come to whenever I'm feeling a craving!  Now THAT'S something to be happy about.
2	First off, I will admit: I have never been to China.  So I have no clue if Ka Mei is authentic or not, and I really don't care.My boyfriend was kind enough to pick up Ka Mei for me on Yelp's recommendation.  I said, "get the cold chicken, some beef soup, and the pea sprouts."  And he did.  And the cold chicken was this: an unseasoned quarter chicken, white as a bare ass, and hacked into pieces.  The beef soup was edible but not noteworthy, and the pea sprouts were good, in the way that every vegetable is when you stir fry it with garlic and oil.I'm an adventurous eater, so I ate a full meal that night, but the leftovers hit the garbage.  Authentic or not, no thanks.
3	Tipped off by the Yelp reviewers about its pork & thousand-year-old egg congee, I rushed to sample it.  A well made bowl of congee is my ideal comfort food, especially since we're having this interminable winter.And my conclusion? Well... maybe my expectation was too high.  I thought it a bit too much on the thin and watery side.  And since they charge $7 for it, I don't think it's unreasonable to expect a bit more pork as well.  A basic congee is not hard to make. Any proud owner of a Japanese fuzzy logic rice cooker can do it at home. What I miss, though, is that full bodied richness that comes from a balanced mix of the piping hot porridge, the slippery preserved eggs and the flavorful pork bits. I don't have the knack to get the balance right, but apparently, neither does Ka Mei. Still, the next time I'm down with a cold, I'll be forking over my $7 for another bowl.
3	Hong Kong styled Chinese food. Great to have the option in Squirrel Hill, but not the best Hong Kong styled Chinese food I've had.
4	I was a little skeptical when friends who haven't left the US assured me that Ka Mei was very authentic.  I mean, how would you know firsthand?  But I took my (partly Cantonese) parents here when they came to visit me in Pittsburgh, and the squid that my mom ordered was in huge chunks.  She and I were both terrified because it still looked alive, and we're not into looking at food that looks like it's looking at you.  My dad said it was delicious, though.The service can be awkward -- we had a fobby waitress who talked loudly and was nosy about asking how the customers were enjoying their dishes.  I liked it (doesn't it add to the atmosphere?) but you might not.
3	I wanted to look for more authentic Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh and when someone recommended Ka Mei to me, a Hong Kong styled cuisine, I figured I should give it a try. The nice thing is that they have pictures of almost all their dishes plastered up on the wall if we wanted some visual idea of what we were to order and there's Chinese on their menu too. The owner also speaks both Cantonese and Mandarin. Unfortunately, when we went on a Friday night, the place was horribly understaffed with only one cook (most likely the owner) and one waiter. And since they serve on a table-by-table process, the food for us, a party of 8 took almost an hour to completely arrive. At least we had tea to keep our stomachs from growling too loudly.Once the food arrived, I guess I expected more authentic Chinese cooking. The beef and chicken was steamed and looked like one of the healthy options you would choose off a separate menu. They had a nice variety of Chinese styled vegetables though and a very wide Asian drink selection. My regret is that I should have looked at some of the pictures before ordering because some of the dishes were surprisingly simple. Such as the shrimp & eggs for $10, which was literally a couple of shrimps put inside an egg omelet. I'm not quite sure how authentic that is...The decor was simple. There were just a couple of tables for sit-down eating and only two tables that could accommodate large parties of either 6 or 8. It is also BYOB which I didn't discover until another party brought in a couple bottles of wine. I'm not sure what the corkage fee is though, if there is any.The establishment is CASH ONLY and there's also a public parking lot with quartered meters behind the restaurant.
3	I'd rate this place anywhere from 2 1/2 stars to 3 1/2 stars if I could. Why the disparity in rating? Read on my friends.... Yesterday was an unusually nice day for November. My husband and I took our bikes out one last time for the season and hit the trails. So when we came home, we were both too tired to cook. So we were looking for some good takeout food. We decided to try something different from our usual choices, the New Dumpling House or Silk Pagoda. This place bills itself as "Authentic Hong Kong Cuisine", but to tell you the truth, there doesn't seem to be anything to distinguish itself from any other Chinese place. There's nothing on the menu that really grabs my attention. On the other hand, the food here is very good. So what they do, they do well. I tried my old standby, shrimp with broccoli. Rick tried one of his favorites, Kung Pao chicken. I have to say that Rick likes his Kung Pao, and if it meets his standards, then you know it's good. And Rick gave his thumbs up to it. My shrimp was very good and the broccoli was crisp and flavorful. There are a few small tables here and one that's large enough to accommodate a group. But for the most part, it's a take out place. Oh, and cash only too. So while the presentation isn't the most imaginative in the world, the food itself makes it worth a try.
3	I've only been here once, but thought the food and service were both excellent, and the portions were nice and generous. I wish they'd given us the authentic Hong Kong menu to choose from (there are two menus), which was the only disappointing part. I guess it just means we'll have to go back.
3	Definitely a solid 3.5 starts for Chinese Food.  We went in for lunch yesterday, probably around 2pm and it was pretty dead.  The waitress was very loud, friendly and helpful.We ordered 3 dishes, and took leftovers home for dinner.  Everything was solid- the ground pork and eggplant was definitely our favorite.  To be fair, it definitely wasn't as authentic as the San Gabriel valley Chinese food that we had pretty much lived on for the last 3 years, but it was solid and pretty good!  We will definitely go back, price was ok too.PS CASH ONLY!
4	Really great Cantonese food that compares favorably to what you'd get in toronto & nyc.everything was light, fresh and tasty. not too salty or heavy. everything really tasted home cooked and not "restauranty" here's the run-down:- average congee and good donut- perfect chinese broccoli -- cooked al-dente, really fresh and green w/ just the right amount of garlic- really nice roast duck -- crispy skin with good flavor and very moist meatalso, the waitress was extremely friendly!I'll definitely be back.
4	Excellent Cantonese food and very authentic.  However a couple of things to remember before you visist: one bring cash because they don't accept credit/debit cards; two have plenty of time because the service is very slow. Actually I don't think there is service, you just order what you want at the and then wait and wait and wait with the woman behind the cash register looks at you like you owe her a hundred bucks. The only reason people are putting up with this is because their food is sooooo good.
4	As of 02/13/11, this place now accepts Credit Cards!  Discover, Mastercard, Visa, and I think American Express.This place inside is not that big, but the decor is nice and simple.  I think the owners are Cantonese, but everyone can speak Cantonese, Mandarin, and English, so language shouldn't be a problem.Hot tea is free, but there is also a variety of Asian drinks (Apple Sidra, Guava Juice, Super Supau, etc)Our waitress was really nice.  She was able to give us recommendations on what to get.  She even took us to the front, where there is the wall with all the pictures of their dishes and explained what's what.  She also checked up on us frequently, asking if the dishes were to our liking (since she ended up recommending them).  My boyfriend really appreciated the customer service here.We ended up having dou mei (vegetable), spare ribs in black bean sauce, and cha-sou pork with tofu and bok choy in this special sauce.  Dou mei was decent, a big plate of vegetables doused in that light oil sauce that you commonly see on Chinese vegetable dishes.  Spare ribs wasn't bad either, definitely had the black bean flavored infused in the meat.  Note that you're going to have to do a lot of sucking/ripping off the meat from the bones (something I'm not fond of doing, but that's what you do with spare ribs!)  I liked the pork/tofu dish!  The brown sauce was a bit thick and very flavorful.  The sauce is perfect for the tofu because the tofu just absorbs whatever sauce it's sitting in.I thought it was funny that there are actually two separate menus.  The first one has your typical "Americanized" Chinese food (chicken with broccoli, etc.) and NO Chinese on it.  The second menu had the Cantonese dishes, included the Chinese names on it.  I guess you know which menu to order from!
4	Always excellent each time I go.  Ka Mei is the epitome of a great mom and pop shop.  The husband is the cook and the wife is the host/waitress.  The restaurant has very basic decor but VERY cozy.  My family and I ordered the pigs feet, black pepper tofu, pan friend noodles vegetarian style, and salt and pepper squid.  The portions were generous and the flavors were just right ;balanced without being overly salty or greasy (which is hard when trying to get that "wok" fire taste).  They accidentally made the vegetarian noodles with chicken, but the owner was so nice and apologetic about the situation, she quickly had another order made and didn't charge us.  Even my picky Asian parents approved which is huge!  Definitely a great find in Pittsburgh.  Plus it's a BYOB.
5	Literally, the only authentic Chinese food I have ever had outside of China. If you look through the reviews, all the Asians love it, and the non-Asians just don't get it.I was born in southern China and Ka Mei tastes like home.  My favorite dishes (i forget the exact names) are eggplant with ground beef, the pork short ribs, and the sour cabbage soup.  the owner is really nice, and she usually remembers your favorite dishes and  her husband, who I'm never seen, is deep in the back making all the food.  Everything is cooked fresh, so if you intend on ordering one of the dishes that require steaming (like the ribs) make sure to say so as you enter the door instead of later with all the other dishes.
4	This restaurant was challenging to my western tastes. I had the pork and preserved egg congee, and I also sampled the chicken with bitter melon. The preserved egg was a little odd (never had such a thing before) but quite good; the pork was delicious; and the congee was a bit bland, but not bad. (NB: I don't know what a "typical" congee is supposed to taste like, so I'm not sure whether they're supposed to be relatively bland or not.) For the chicken with bitter melon, the chicken tasted fairly typical of a Chinese restaurant, but the bits of ginger were a surprise. The bitter melon was overpowering to my tastes- I had several pieces, but couldn't acclimate to it. I can't really justify docking any stars for that, though, since these were brand new tastes for me.
4	Of all the Chinese cantonese food places in Pittsburgh, I think this must be the most authentic. Their food is just like the food from Hong Kong but more of a homemade flavor.  If you want actual Cantonese style food, definitely come here if you are homesick. The lady is really nice and speaks fluent Cantonese. Is not a fancy restaurant but feels homey and the food is probably what your mom cooks at home.
5	Amazing food. Juicy chicken. Won ton soup is so tasty. Cute lady that runs the place may seem a  little rough around the edges but she's the sweetest thing !!!! prices are SO reasonable. Def try this place !!!!!
5	My wife and I eat at Ka Mei fairly often. The restaurant isn't much to look at (outside or inside), but the food is excellent, the service is speedy (and most importantly, friendly!), and the prices are very reasonable. Admittedly, I'm no expert on Chinese cuisine, but I've sampled a number of items on the menu and been happy every time. The veggies always taste fresh, and the soups I've had are particularly good (I especially like their take on "Hot and Sour" soup and Wonton Soup). I try to eat healthy, but sometimes you just want the basics of "Americanized" Chinese food, and on the occasions when I've gotten the sesame chicken, I find that the fried breading around the chicken is quite a bit thicker than I'd like. Still, the servings are generous, and I can pull most of the breading off. Ka Mei has the feel of a simple homestyle restaurant in the very best sense and I would not hesitate to recommend it to a friend.
5	I have been there for at least 5 times. Really great food. One of the best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh! It is a quiet place. The parking garage behind the restaurant is very convenient. Some people may think the foods are not so "flavored" as other Chinese restaurant. But that is because they are authentic Chinese food.
5	Ka Mei has two menus, one is "American" chinese food and the other is authentic Hong Kong style chinese food.Go for the authentic menu, you won't be sorry.
5	The food is very special. Love it!!!
5	I love this place. Try ordering from the authentic, "Hong Kong style" menu.
4	This place is good. Really good. Ka Mei is the only authentic Hong Kong cuisine in Pittsburgh as far as I know.The place has two menus, the authentic menu and the Americanized Chinese menu. I highly encourage you to pick from the Hong Kong menu for the full experience. The food here is clean, and not at all greasy as you might encounter in Oakland. And by the way, the portions are huge! It's definitely a place you want to go with all of your friends, and you'll still probably have leftovers for tomorrow's lunch.My personal favourite item on the menu is the Salted Squid. When you eat the pieces of deliciously battered squid, make sure to get a piece of jalepeno pepper with it for maximum flavour! I also want to say that their shrimp wonton soup is really, really good. The broth is clean, not overly salty, and so very tasty.Ka Mei is definitely favourite.
3	The food here i found to be quite tasteful however i found it to be overpriced  and the service was bad for that reason i am docking it stars.  Plus across.the street is another resturant that is more of a sit in resturant with great food and better pricing.
2	Had takeout from here recently and it certainly didn't live up to expectations based on other reviews I had seen. The food started out well as the soups were quite good. The hot & sour soup was fairly spicy and is a good deal. The wonton soup was also tasty with a flavorful broth and big wontons. The egg rolls were decent but not too crispy. The crab rangoons were pretty bland and boring and all you can taste is the cream cheese.The big problem was the quality of the entrees. Maybe we made a mistake with what we ordered but we didn't have a single decent entree. The chicken in garlic sauce didn't taste like garlic at all. All we could taste was a mild ginger flavor. The General Tso's chicken had a standard sauce and the pieces of chicken were big but the soggy breading was unsightly and I had to peel it off. The Kung Pao chicken tasted like spicy chicken soup. And last but not least, the beef with broccoli had no flavor whatsoever.All in all, a sad experience and I'll continue my search for half decent Chinese food in Pittsburgh.
3	I stopped in here last in night to pick up some Chinese food for me and my brother Paul.  Bro had just been released from a two week hospital stay and I figured he could use a little cheering up.  Ka Mei has some very good authentic Hong Kongese dishes, but we went for more Americanized Chinese fare.  I guess you could call it comfort food.  We both opted for some vegetable eggrolls and some hot  & sour soup.   Paul went for shrimp with Chinese eggplant whereas I went for the chicken and garlic.  My chicken wasn't overcooked nor was the garlic overpowering.So Ka Mei's regular menu isn't all that inspiring.  Who cares?  When you want comfort food, it fills the bill.  But I'm going have to try the Hong Kongese menu sometime.
1	The food is decent and the wait staff is good. The owner is rude. She asked our party of 4 to move to a smaller table to make space for others even when there was no one else in the restaurant. She also scolded me for taking the lid off the teapot to signal I wanted more tea.  I won't be back here again.
4	Love this place. The food has a home-cooked feel to it. Don't order from the Americanized menu. Even the owners recommend to order from the Hong Kong menu. The portions are really large so go with a group or with a family. My favorite is the Salt and Pepper pork chops.The restaurant is a little bit small. I tried to make a reservation there once for a group of 18 people, but they turned me down saying we would take over the entire restaurant and they couldn't handle a large crowd like that at once.
1	This place is awful. Bland food, rubbery meat, atmosphere is disgusting (everything is incredibly dirty and definitely turns you off from eating), service is lousy, and prices are outrageous. I seriously cannot name a single thing that I liked about my experience.There's really no reason to come here, given the wide selection of authentic Chinese food in the area. Listen to the quick tips and skip this place entirely.
4	My favorite go-to for home-style, light, not overly salted Chinese food. Almost always orders the Chicken Steamed with Chinese Mushrooms, Steamed Spared Ribs, and also one of the only restaurants you can get Congee in Pittsburgh.
1	I'm surprised this place is still opened. the waitress was very rude and thought that we were just high school student stopping in to eat after school ended. ordered the fried pork chops and was overcooked, not my cup of tea!
5	Best Chinese food I have had around Pittsburgh. Braised pork feet, white radish tenderloin are amazing! The restaurant is a little small, sometimes we have to wait for a while until serving all the dishes.
5	If you prefer milder flavored Chinese food (unlike those Sichuan style you find at Sichuan Gourmet and How Lee), this is easily one of the best Chinese food in Pittsburgh area. Too bad I didn't find out earlier.
4	Came in 10 minutes before closing on a Saturday night & got takeout. 10 minutes later, I was (politely) rushed out the door with steamed spareribs w/ black bean sauce ($13.95) & combo pan-fried noodles ($13.95). Bag was heavy & hot. Got home happy as hell, showered, fired up the MacBook & gorged myself on this lady's cooking. Spareribs were perfectly tender knuckles of meat that reminded me of a home cooked meal & the sauce was delicious. Noodles were a little clumpy in some parts (I forgive them cause they were in a hurry to close) but very edible & filled with generous portions of meat (chicken & that Asian red pork) & seafood. The other "Awww, man" moment besides the minor noodle clumps was the small carton of rice that came with the ribs. I wanted more to soak up that sauce. The dish was that good. Like some of the other YeIpers, I had reservations about the prices but the portions are big enough for 2 (& the morning after) & it cost real money to be in a nice neighborhood like Squirrel Hill. It is well worth it to make the trek down Murray Avenue to eat at Ka Mei. Yes, the lady is eccentric in a kindly immigrant way. She kept sticking her head out of the kitchen to see if I was still there(?) or maybe she thought that I was hot(?!?!). I would have sex with her just for the food. It was that good.
4	Got Take-out here last night , and although expensive , My Dinner was very good. Lotsa food. I ordered the beef & broccoli with sweet & sour soup and egg role ....total cost was just under $20.00.I was treated very quickly and with friendly service. I was surprised at how much beef was included. usually this dish is mostly broccoli. Hot & Sour soup ( one of my favorites ) was excellent. Egg role was good but average. No room for desert! Next time , I'll try the dine-in experience.
4	I came here awhile back with a group and tried the cold chicken, since it seemed very similar to Singaporean chicken rice (I spent several months in Singapore).  Although that dish is typically served warm, the flavor and texture of the chicken was very similar to it, and it was an enjoyable reminder of that cuisine.  I don't remember details of the service except that it was a bit confusing at one point since they were out of something and had trouble communicating that.  I'd definitely come back here to try the cold chicken or another Cantonese dish again!
4	I love small family run restaurants like this. It's always the same people so service and food is consistent. We usually get salted ribs, combination seafood noodles (the crispy noodle kind), pea shoots (do miao), and sometimes their pork and thousand year old egg porridge (although now that alot of thousand year old egg producers are being shut down, they may not offer it anymore). Great place for takeout as well. They also have Asian drinks which is nice (grass jelly, cold chrysanthemum tea, Apple Sidra, etc).
