5	Bawdy. Bizarre. Erotic. Exotic. One of Cirque de Soleil's most stunning productions, and definitely not one for the kids . . . or your Aunt Millie. Tourists from the Midwest probably shudder for all the wrong reasons as they sit through a series of sensuous and near-explicit vignettes that will tittilate even the most open-minded in the audience. Contortionists, exhibitionists, dancers, gymnasts, strippers, and aerialists take on the roles of flirtatious French maids, naughty school girls, limber Lotharios, seductive tarts, and S&M aficionados, among others, in couplings that are both straight and gay. In a finale unlike any you've seen elsewhere, the cast emerges from every corner of the theatre and assembles on a slowly revolving stage where, as solos, duos, or trios, they simulate a cornucopia of sexual acts that will leave you sweaty and breathless. Throughout it all, a comedic quartet provides laughs to relieve the sexual tension charging the air. Not to be missed . . . nor to be seen with your Mom and Dad.
5	This show was outrageous.  Don't take your children to this show.  It was sexy, risque, and offered great acrobatics and contortionists.
4	That's one muscular dwarf.  Excellent show -- erotic but not ridiculous.  The fishbowl acrobatics were amazing, and some acts were a wry critique on traditional sexual roles.  I think most of the women in the audience identified with the scene in which the female dancer attempts to  shift the male dancers' attention from the television to herself.  Warning: homosexual content inside, in case any fundamentalists visiting Sin City are attending an erotic cabaret show.  When will Cirque de Soleil nationalize Las Vegas and make it the new capital of Quebec?
5	I thought that this show was great - probably worth $100 a ticket. The performers were truly talented, particularly the girl with the hula hoops and the contortionist. I liked how they blended sexuality in to the show. Some of the scenes were truly surreal.
3	Was toted as the sexy and erotic Cirque Du Soleil, there is partial nudity, some gay themes and beautiful bodies.  Was tasteful and it wasn't distractiing.  Well done and the theater is intimate with unique seating options.  In New York New York towards the Manhattan Rollar Coaster.  $70-130 tix.
5	Excellant!!! What a show... What a show!!! I loved the whole thing. This show had it all. Very sexual and lots of nudity. The hula hoop girl and the contortionists are pretty good. Fat ladies, topless women and men making out on stage... what more can you ask for? Its totally wild but the acts are so flawless you would be crazy not to see this show. It really was worth the price and all the seats are very close to the stage so you won't miss a thing.WARNING: Leave your parents and kids at home for this one!!!
4	SEXUAL!!!!...loved it.There were some slower acts, but overall it was pretty awesome.  My favorites?  The Bondage Act and the Naked Asian contortionist who swam in a glass bowl.  It's nice to see some real breasts...not the silicone ones.It makes you want to go back to your hotel room and get it on.  My husband  is happy he bought tickets.
3	2 stars for the bawdiness, 4 stars for the athletic acts, so it gets a 3 average. Way overblown.  This show does not come close to the others available in LV.  It is basically a bawdy burlesque show, with great athletes and their acts interspersed between the sex and gay jokes. It does have great performers.  The Russian lady on the lines swings with the "Little Person" and holds him only with her legs as they swing 40 feet above the audience. The two girls in the fishbowl  are more erotic than athletic. The strong man is really strong. The contortionist really contorts.  The orgy scene with audience participants must be like hedonistic Rome (tamed down, of course).The MC is a drag queen, and that really turned me off.  So, I guess it has something for everyone, perhaps. I went once just to see what it was all about, I won't go again.
2	Shock value only goes so far I was bored as hell. The highlight of t his show was when I zoned off and suddenly looked to the left and this guy in a reptile costume was right next to my seat and he scared the hell out of me since he moved and acted like a lizard. I yelled "you scared the shit out of me" and everyone started laughing. Other than that I was bored with drag queen looking folks, simulated un sexy crap. p.s. I'm not a prude, Ha!
5	fantastic my favorite performance was the bondage scene i love that there's no sound other than the performer's breath. HOT HOT HOTT!!!
4	It's an adult show. I like the show mostly because both actors and actresses interacted with the audience, that's so cool. You wouldn't get bored, the show would keep you laughing in your seat. And anyone want a banana?
3	Le sigh.  This is not a good Cirque show.  It was entertaining, but just not as good as it could have been.  I suppose, it depends on expectations. If having exhibitionists prance turns you on, and you want to pay $200 for visual foreplay, I 'd push it to a 4 star rating.  I was not looking for visual foreplay.  Please note: I'm a Cirque addict. I have seen 10 different shows, and as often as I can afford them.  This was the weakest show I've seen by them.  Topless female Cirque performers well, are pretty much as flat chested as boys, so if you're looking for boobs, you won't find them in much abundance here.  There were a couple of excellent acts.  The girls in a fishbowl were sensual and beautiful.  The aerialist duo was very cool, but there is just so much better out on the strip to see.It hurts me to give only 3 stars to any Cirque show, but well, it just didn't deserve it.
4	This show was great!  It definitely is a must see.  If you are easily offended, you may not like this show as much.  The pre-show is definitely a little risque.  I went with one of my friends and we had a blast!
4	I really liked this show.  There were a couple of cheesy parts but overall I thought it was excellent.  There is something for everyone and it's all quite tastefully and artistically done. The twins are hilarious and it's awesome to see a couple of big girls out there strutting their stuff.  The rest of the bodies are lean dancer bodies, for the most part, featuring real breasts.  Hooray for real breasts!The choreographies are beautiful and tasteful, overall... and some are quite poignant. It's not all about the shock value ...  it's about love,  lust,  joy,  pain,  pleasure,  desire,  distress,  giving,  taking,  the physical, the emotional, the silly and fun ...   The total human animal...    Watch closely. Standouts for me were the African dancer, the suspended bondage act, the water gymnasts, the transvestite torch singer ... and that amazing red cape that covers the entire stage is fucking *spectacular*.  A must see, IMO... and I would definitely go back.  I enjoyed every minute.
5	I cannot give Cirque du Soleil less than 5 stars.  Zumanity was, I must agree, not nearly as good as Mystere or Corteo.  Still, to give it any less than 5 stars seems such an insult to those incredible artists who blow your mind for nearly two hours.And blow your mind it does...  It's not sexual, so if some reviewers have docked points for lack of sex, they probably should have gone for the donkey show instead.   No.  Zumanity is erotic and sensual.  It'll certainly give you a hard-on and get you going, but it's all done with such beauty and sensuality that you'll have a tear in your eye during the whole show.The stage is magnificient.  It's been said, but this man running around the stage with a cape that literally engulfs the whole stage into a sea of red... wow!  breathtaking.   The erotic swim in the fishbowl.  Oh my god the hula girl was simply amazing.  Hmmm... for those of you that gave 1 or 2 stars, I'd like to see you try twirling a hula hoop while suspended 40 feet above the ground.Can I just say how jealous I am of these people?   I probably don't have nearly as difficult a job.  I make good money sitting behind a computer all day.   But man.... they must be having awesome sex... The positions man...the positions!!!  Oh the possibilities...
2	Of the 5 CdS shows I have seen this one was the incredibly disappointing.  The performers were all very good and very talented, I give them a lot of credit for what they do but this show was all over the place, completely disjointed and not even close to being sexy.This show is way overrated,  I can't believe I spent money on this one...
4	This show is not your typical, stunningly beautiful, artsy Cirque show. People expecting to see what they've seen from other Cirque shows will, surely, be disappointed. There are, indeed, plenty of acts within the show that are common to this circus, but they're wrapped up in a cabaret, lead by an MC in drag.I love Zumanity. The hula-hoop girl? Awesome. Two tiny, pretty contortionists swimming about in a small glass bowl? Way cool. And the dancer, the satyr guy, he was nuts! I can't wait to go again, and see what I missed.
2	"The sensual side of Cirque du Soleil" said in my Barry White voice...Why oh why am I giving Zumanity only 3 stars???+1 star for spectacular visuals+1 star for some acrobatic feats+1 star for the "Human Pretzel" guy...ouch!+1 star for crowd participation+1 star for titties!-1 star for a number of corny midwest "moms & pops" type humor-1 star because the creepy french guy nonchalantly grabbed my wife's thigh as he walked by (I'd be willing to deduct 1/2 point for the humor of it all)It was a decent show but nothing compared to the other Cirque du Soleil performances. Lots of eye candy for both men and women...if that's important to you. My wife and I also had the misfortune of sitting in front of a NASCAR bachelorette party from hell. They were hee-hawing and yoo-hooing throughout the whole performance...and everytime the Fabio-looking dude with the washboard abs came on, they were whispering out loud "oh he's so hot!!!" like little high school girls...dude, you had to see this cheeseball to know what I mean... ...Picture the hair of Sandra Bernhard with the face of a young Elias Koteas from the movie "Some Kind of Wonderful" with washboard abs and huge pectorials wearing spray painted breakaway acid washed jeans...yup, ACID WASH JEANS...with some white pleather Chess King slash International Male tassel jacket...and to top it all off...drumroll please...WHITE COWBOY BOOTS!!! That's who they were swooning over.Talk about trying to hit the lowest common denominator....and I tried to leave this mental picture in Vega$ but it just came back to haunt me...damn!
2	Zumanity has Cirque du Soleil's usual extremely imaginative costuming and set design.....Oh wait, were you expecting more?!....Well, OK, here goes:  you would think that the combination of super-hot bods combined with freakish flexibility and strength would make for one *hell* of a sex show, and you couldn't be more wrong about Zumanity.  Somehow, the show came across lukewarm for me.If you want sexiness or plain old (?) raunchiness, there are much better venues in Vegas.  So I've heard.  If you want displays of mind bending acrobatic, juggling and other circus skills, there are *MUCH* better venues in Vegas, two of them Cirque du Soleil's own:  "Myste`re" and "O".  (We have not seen "Ka", and I consider "Love" to be in an entirely different genre.)
3	Indeed, this is definitely a different side of Cirque du Soleil.  I'm not so sure it's a good one though.  I expected to leave the showing feeling sensual, hot, and ready to pounce on my boyfriend when I got home.  Unfortunately, this was not the case.This show relies heavily on audience participation.  If you bought one of the more expensive seats in the front, be prepared to have the spotlight shown on you.  Yes, there's a small sign before you enter the theater warning you that you may be asked to participate and you can always decline, but when you have everyone clapping and cheering you on, you don't want to be the dud that says no.The show bounces quickly from a hot and heavy sequence that can leave you breathing a bit deeper, but before you can even enjoy this feeling for a bit longer, it jumps quickly to their version of commercials.  Yes, their sideshows are humorous and make up a huge portion of the show.  But you'd think the way Zumanity was advertised, this would play a secondary role in this show.  It dominated it ours.There are some talented individuals in this performance, and some interesting and costumes (or lack of).  The stage is pretty small compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows though.  I sat in section 203, which was a pretty good section.  It wasn't too close for the expensive costs, but close enough for you not to notice the difference.  And it wasn't so far back or up high that you felt like you were in the cheap seats.Overall, it was okay for a Cirque du Soleil show.  Maybe I just expected more and was disappointed.Rankings thus far:1) Cirque du Soleil's O2) Cirque du Soleil's Ka3) Cirque du Soleil's Mystere4) Cirque du Soleil's Zumanity5) Dragone's Le Reve
4	I really did enjoy this performance. Yes, it's quite different than the other Cirque shows, but not in a bad way. It did have some of the same characteristics of the Cirque shows including pre-show audience interaction, some humor thrown in between more serious numbers, and top-notch set designs, music and performers. All the acts were good, I have nothing major to complain about. I definitely had a great time at the show, it really made our Vegas trip (you can't visit Vegas without splurging on one good show). My PB really liked it too. He had a lot of fun and he really enjoyed the live band and singing.Definitely work it, tickets aren't as $$ as the "O" show. I would recommend seats in the lower or upper orchestra area, I would avoid the balcony seats. They seem too far away from the action. If you don't want to interact with the performers, make sure to sit in the upper orchestra area, we did and they were perfect seats. I am glad that I chose to see this show. A good time. Oh, and check out the bod on the little guy and also the blond girl dancing on the tv.
4	Incredibly artistic and visually stimulating from the lesbian water contortionists to the midget and tall blond aerial silk combo. There was definitely an act for every type of sexual deviant out there no matter your flavor. For me, I fell in love with Cirque du Soleil for the amazing feats and distinguishing acts that set these people apart from those of us who cannot walk on our pinkies while twisted into a pretzel and I didn't really find that much of an ooh aah factor in this show.
4	I loved the show, especially because I was pulled up on stage! Out of all people they pulled me up! For those that watched the show, I was brought up for the knife throwing act. They give you a free 8x10 picture of you upstage after the show =]. The show is very entertaining and is more for the younger crowd ages 20-40. I had an old guy next to me that fell asleep throughout the whole show. This show is very different from other Cirque du Soleil shows so beware of what you're about to watch.
5	Sexy...Naked...Lesbian...Man Lovin!Agree with others: humor is dorky. But the acts themselves are amazing.
4	ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT ... very intimate compared to the other cirques that i've seen (and loved). the corny humor kind of brought it down for me ... but the fishbowl chicks WERE AMAZING. the couple (audrey hepburn and tom cruise) WOW. (they were my favorite). the music was amazing ... i don't recomend it to people who are easily offended by nudity, alternative sexualities, and profanity.
5	By far my most favorite Cirque show in Las Vegas. I absolutly love the intimacy of this show and the easy humor. I really love the colors of this show, and the amazing performers that they have. This show is great for an open minded couple for sure, ITS ABOUT SEX!!!! Its very sexy and beautiful and worth every penny.
5	I wouldn't want to go into too much detail about the show, as half the fun was only knowing that this is the "intimate side" of cirque du soleil.  Intimate it was. Funny, too. Great show.You do need to have an open mind.  If you're a right wing conservative bible thumper, you might consider skipping this show.  For everyone else, this is a show not to miss.Some of the actors, or whatever you're supposed to call them, are in the Zumanity lobby area and you can take pictures with them before the show.  And the ladies sure do look good.When the show began, they opened with some funny stuff, then it got right down to sexy.  My gf got so excited that she spilled water on me.The show was great.  If you're on Yelp, I'd say you're open minded enough to enjoy the show. Get a good laugh and get a good hard-on.
2	did the people on this post see that same show i saw? i hate leaving bad reviews for shows knowing how hard the performers work!! but i think the writing needs a major face lift for this show. again, not knocking the entertainers but the advertisements show that this show will be sexy...daring. it has very very mundane humor. the humor seemed like it was from a 1962 playboy or something...you know, those little cartoons they have through the magazine? i.e. nothing earth shattering. the mc of the show was excellent. the hula hoop girls was incredible... however, there was very limited acrobatic acts and i dunno..it's just didn't work. la reve blew this away in it's sexiness and physicality.
5	I thought this show was hilarious! I went with a bachelorette party of 11 girls. I was a little worried at first about the nudity, but I don't think any of it was offensive and there was only one part where I felt a little uncomfortable. We were pretty high up, but the seats were still good. I loved all the costumes (or what costumes there were)...if you are sitting up close beware that you might be called to the stage to participate!I've only seen one other cique du soleil before and this was definitely the best of the two!
5	We went last summer and I got these fabulous seats off the Cirque website. For less than 65 bucks (or around there) per person including tax, we had front row seat a little off to the side of the stage. I also booked a month beforehand, so it's not like I booked waaaay in advance. We also got a free Zumantini each. I didn't think those were that great actually.But the show was good. Granted, it's a bit different from other Cirque shows because it has a lot of audience interactions and it's very spontaneous. I'm a bit of a prude but I can appreciate dirty jokes. I think that's why elsewhere on the web, people weren't too fond of this show. They're usually Cirque regulars who don't like this one.Since we were in the front, we were "picked on" by the host of the show and I got a postcard with his signature on it to go. The place is very small and intimate. I've read that even the back seats have great views. Before the show, there are numerous performers who are in the audience giving out chocolate-covered strawberries and whatnot, so you don't even have to be in the front.
3	The hula-hoop girl and the two lovely ladies in the big glass bowl were incredible and offered things that I'd never seen before. The rest of the time I was only mildly amused or amazed. I know I, nor anyone else in the audience, could NEVER do the things the talented people of Zumanity were doing but I felt like I had seen all the stunts before in smaller shows and had expected more from a big Vegas show. Basically I went home a bit disappointed, but I wasn't the only one.... As I waited outside the bathroom for my boyfriend I heard a few other people griping about the same things! It's Vegas... give us MORE!
4	What's hotter than a hot contortionist in a giant fishbowl?  A hot contortionist in a giant fishbowl doing her thing topless!  For all you pervs out there that  always wondered what Cirque du Soleil performers looked like underneath all that spandex, this show is for you.  For everybody else, Zumanity also showcases a lot of awesome ballroom dance numbers accompanied by world music.  If that's your thing, I would definitely recommend this show.  Unfortunately, ballroom dance isn't my thing.  But I can't say no to spicy chicks in slippery clothing.
2	Zumanity is advertised as the sensual side of Cirque de Soleil, but in trying to be both sensual and Cirque, it fails on both counts. It's watered down acts with boobies. That's it in a nutshell. And speaking of nutshells, I've never seen so many in my life! Metal cups, fake hair, sequined packages... you get everything but the real thing when it comes to the guys. LAME. Lame! Jokes were awkward and not funny. The audience women they brought on stage were cringeworthy. I felt so embarrassed for them. Acts were good, but limited by the equipment and nakedness. I mean, if you were really good at cirque stuff, why would you take a zumanity job over all the other better staged (and clothed) shows?The only thing that saves this from a one star show is that it really wasn't bad. It just wasn't good either. Two hours of Vegas that I could have spent doing other things.
3	Not my favorite Cirque du Soleil... First, the seats that we had (on the side), although at the third row, didn't allow us to see the performance as a whole. The few acrobatics were impressive but very limited. The interaction with the public was good but maybe to much at times.It's a good entertainment just not what I expected from the Cirque du Soleil.
4	Having visited Vegas umpteen times I had thus far succeeded in NOT seeing Cirque du Soleil...until now. I had passed on Cirque before, mainly because it's so difficult (or damn near impossible) to get discounted tickets. However, my husband and the other couple we were traveling with were able to get a small discount on 4th row seats for Zumanity.In case you were in a coma or couldn't figure it out from the other 40-plus reviews before mine, this show has an adult emphasis. This means you will see boobies and various sex acts of all persuasions. Unless you're the product of some sick Oedipal union or want to see a giant rubber dildo waved in your mother's face then don't see this with your parents in tow. And if you answered "yes" to either of the previous statements, you should use Yelp to find a good family counselor.That being said, if you want to see an adult-themed show in Vegas that doesn't involve bronzed douchebags in rip-away pants or  women with painful-to-look-at implants, then I'd recommend  Zumanity. Aside from a few cheesy segments, compared to some of the other unfortunate acts like Bite or Thunder Down Under, there is actually some athletic and artistic merit to Zumanity.I didn't go in expecting anything, so perhaps this is why I wasn't so disappointed as other reviewers were. Sometimes the advertised grandiosity of O or Mystere makes me wretch, so I found the playfulness of Zumanity to be refreshing.
4	This show makes me wanna shoop!No really. I've never before had the pleasure to watch the amazing and superhuman performers of Cirque du Soleil, and this is really an amazing show to watch. Go. Go early. Make sure you have someone to go home with. I dare not say more; it'll ruin the experience. ;o)
5	Cirque Du Soliel is amazing.  I have seen many of their shows and have been amazed by all.Zumanity, however, is not your every day Cirque show.  you must be over 18 and open minded.  Please understand this show explores sexuality in ALL forms.  Please pay the little bit of extra money and get front row.  We did.  My boyfriend was lucky enough to be involved in the show.  Some cute little thing fell into his lap and then took him on stage.  We were fed strawberries before the show began and my boyfriend and one of the actors got into a c@(k fight.  I am proud to say my boyfriend won.This is a must see but only for the open minded.  What you will see will stun you.
4	It was my first Cirque show, so I probably am not the ideal person to review this but I will anyway!  I enjoyed the show and was amazed at the abilities of some of the performers.  Overall it was entertaining but I really wish they would not do Fabio-esque type men for the ladies.  Sure I love a six pack and nice arms like the next girl, but seriously long greasy hair, weird shorts and workbooks just isn't my thing.  I did like the guy in the boxers who maneuvered his joints in so many random ways.  That was kind of freaky, but in a hot way.  The hula hoop chic was kick arse.  I think the fishbowl scene, while girl on girl has its appeal for men, was pretty amazing with their body control and flexibility.  The drinks were $10 each but stiff!! My only complaint... the wretched smell of their flavored popcorn.  I have it etched in my brain.
5	The sensual offering of Cirque du Soleil show series! :) Yes indeed and esp the wine glass bowl act! Who is to complain when we got free tickets to the show. Being at the right place and the right time. Definitely a great show with a happy ending! :)
5	hot.if you don't get laid after this show. To paraphrase the book title (s)he's just not that into you.I've seen lot's of cir shows, this is the only one I own the sound track for.
3	I am not sexually repressed...Of course most people will say that.However, most people go to Cirque to see stunts and staging, and you really see less of that in this show.  Yeah, I am all for a milk bath(provided I can shower afterward), but I can do that on my own.  I have a bath.However, I probably will not jump into water from a ceiling, play with fire or run on a circular treadmill as it spins in an alternating rotation.You can certainly see Zumanity, but after every other Cirque showThen again, I could very well be repressed
3	Not weird enough.Cirque is great. It is truly on of the few things I see in life which inspire awe in me. I've seen Mystere a number of times and every time I come away with newfound respect for the potentiality of Humanity. It is with that frame of mind I stepped into the theater showing Zumanity. I expected nude everything and flexible midgets seeping out of empty seats. Alas, I was disappointed. It starts with the master of ceremonies being some gaunt tranny in a corset which I suppose is to shock the audience, and it does ...unless you live in San Francisco. Then there are all kinds of "naked" people except for the fact that they are in fact not naked atall. In all fairness, would you climb up a pole not using your hands AND not wear any protection for your special member? So, in a nutshell I'd say this show gets 3 stars because the strangeness and overt sexuality are only as skin deep as their nudeness. I did really dig the chick/midget/rope-over-the-audience act. 4 thousand stars for that one! Anytime you have a midget being flung over me on a rope held from a woman's mouth.....well hell, there are no words for my level of satisfaction. Also, the Chinese water bowl thing is outstanding. I still can't figure out how that dame does that thing with her ribs.
4	i've seen this show twice and it was different each time. it is definitely not a show for kids. it's very exotic and sensual. if you're not the type to be open with your sexuality, this may not be the show for you either. this particular show is a combination of burlesque (topless women) and cirque. i think that it's perfectly made for vegas.  -- stars based on category, not food
3	Not a strip show.For some, when they think of zumanity, they may think of sex, sex, sex, fantasy, strip show, sex, sex.It's really not. It's like any other cirque show but with less stunts (or variety of stunts - no throwing/ catching people, tightrope, etc.) and it's done mostly topless. It was a bit more engaging than corteo, for example, because the mc's did a lot of interacting with the audience.there was this one vampire looking guy that flipped and sat and posed on the railing next to us. that was a bit disturbing, but also kind of fun. the cast really gets the audience into the show by walking around, strutting, etc. The host/singer has this annoying "scream" that I couldn't get out of my head afterwards. I came here with my bf and it was fine/fun. All the boobs here were real (i think) and I appreciated the diversity of the sizes, firmness, color, and texture of it.Too bad the guys never show anything more than butt cheeks. Is that a law or something?all in all, it looked like topless acrobats. do you want to see topless acrobats or topless strippers?
4	Are you ready for SEXY?!?!This burlesque Cirque du Soleil was rather entertaining.  It was more cabaret than acrobats.  But the comedy and improv that was involved was freaking hilarious.  It is the most risque show that Cirque du Soleil performs - topless girls!!Before all this .... as you walk into the auditorium, you are greeted by red velvet walls and a beautiful winding staircase.  Modeled in the fashion of the red light district, there are even peep holes for you to "see what you're in for".  That plus the gorgeous cast is wondering the premises in lingerie posing.... very REMINISCENT of TAO (if you know what I mean).The humor before the show even started as great.  Very raw and adult humor.  Don't take your parents if you know they can't take this stuff.  The MC was awesome and the performances though fewer than expected were fantastic.All in all I was still awed by the spectacular feats and amazingly entertained with the cabaret humor (and yes if you sit up front - you're in for a treat cuz there's A LOT of audience participation)!!"O" is still better!  =D
5	I loved Zumanity.I loved it because it was sexual, sensual, funny, and hot without being exploitive. Throughout the show they touched on interracial relationships, s&m,  homosexuality, androgyny, some serious edge play involving asphyxiation during an elaborate silks routine, characters who appeared to be transgendered all without being sensationalistic. The costumes were amazing, the performers were gorgeous. There was also some awesome hula hooping, a great underwater show, an amazing sound track, as well as some crass humor....but in the end, the constant theme of the show is to celebrate yourself, celebrate love, and celebrate your sexuality. Very positive overall.It's not your typical Cirque show. It's set up like a burlesque cabaret. Each act is introduced by the emcee (who I just read is leaving at the end of this year...honestly I felt the emcee was the weakest part of the show, being a little too drag-campy for me) and it is not family friendly.The venue is great, as it is relatively small, and if you order tickets in advance, you can choose to sit on loveseats on the side of the stage. pretty nice.I'd also suggest renting the film LOVESICK, which is a documentary on the preparation and opening of the show.
3	Zumanity definitely brought the Cirque du Soleil standard DOWN a few notches - and I don't say this from some type of closed-minded/neo-conservative point of view.  When I think "Cirque" I think flips and dangerous stunts, instead, you get a couple real acrobats and a bunch of crappy SNL sketch comedy.  The only real thing I enjoyed about Zumanity was the guitarist in the pit-crew/band.  This chick could rock, they should just do the show where she rocks out on her Fender.
4	A bit strange to see 4 stars instead of 5 for a Cirque du Soleil show. However, this one falls just a bit short. Mainly because when I saw it I found some of the performers acts a bit weak. Now it has been a few years since I"ve seen it so i may have improved and some acts may have changed or been altered. Now I know this is like a broken record from me, but to put my review in perspective I feel it necessary to say that I have seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, some multiple times, and most all of their road shows. All of them are well worth seeing. This show is more like an adult cabaret vent. Do not bring the kids. The theater is set up as such with some couch seats up front and a close balcony all around. Things are geared toward the bawdy sexy side so expect it or avoid it if its just not something you want to see. Some highlights for me where one the guy that seemed to be triple jointed everywhere and the two female performers in the large clear bowl of water. Sounds strange, but they were wonderfully sensual and entertaining. A definite pleasant change of pace from other shows. I applaud Cirque for attempting to do something else and for the most part succeeding. This show isn't for everyone, but if you a good bawdy show and laugh and a bit open minded sexually (not to say your oppressed if you don't like it ) you should enjoy yourself here.As is my habit, here is a link  to a video. Actually for a change here are two: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJijHC1_8Nk&feature=relatedhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_0XPFDQA4oGo to their web site and make reservations early for the best seats.
4	Thumb up! Great show, very funny (when it has to be funny), very sexy and overall over the top talented cast.To fully take advantage of this show buy tickets as close to the stage as you can afford, its well worth it, the preshow fun is well... FUN!Enjoyed it very much, every single second of it, very nice!
3	Maybe I was tired or maybe i was still not over the fact that my 24 year old friend is dating a 48 year old man, but Zumanity was not quite up to par for me.  I've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows and this one showed me nothing spectacular.  I feel like i could go to a gymnastics competition and see everything they did, well, minus the nudity.  The nudity was odd and unnecessary.  I felt like it was just added so that perverted men would stay awake.  It's like,  let's dance and now hurry take your top off before the routine ends.  We don't want the perverts to become disinterested.  As usual, only women are showing anything of interest.  The guys are in thongs and do get naked but are covered by props or other people.  What about the perverted women and the curious gays? Why are they deprived of visual pleasure?  The only thing i really liked was the audience interaction.  I thought it was fun, clever, and just the most embarrassing thing for the people who get called to stage.  That is what i like to see.   I had some good laughs and when you haven't eaten, your tired, and you are the sloppiest dressed person in the whole theater, you need a laugh, NOT nudity.
5	Excellent performance! A bit slow at times, but it was a stellar performance by the crew. Great seats at reasonable cost. Funny stints to "warm up" the crowd. Very Entertaining!
2	probably the worst cirque show I have seen. I guess I was wanting to see more theatrics. yes this show features nudity but was it really necessary? leaving something to the imagination sometimes can be more intriguing. maybe this is what screwed the show up for  me. during the "brokeback" cage match the dude in front of me kept ripping these nasty farts. yeah it added to the experience. it was like seeing cirque in 4D. I would spend your money on another cirque production rather than zumanity or put that money all on black!
5	Iz zo zexy dat Zoomanity show, we! Dat Cirque De Soleil, dey makes my loins moisten watching naked men and diz woman fly about on ze stage. Ooh la la, mon amie.Zeating is limited, but they do have love zeats to snuggle, grope, tickle and be naughty with ze amoureux. If vu are really de assez chanceux to get zeats towards de stage, ze man and ze woman from de show come out beforehand and perform for you in provocative wayz while vu being zeated!j'aime l'amour!!!
1	LAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!  This show is totally made for sheltered people were just saying the word SEX in public is a thrill!  I was really expecting something great from Cirque du Soleil but found myself totally disappointed. There was no WOW factor to it.  Just some boobs here and there, a few dance moves, and one REALLY cheesy male stripper who looked straight out of 1981!  I would save your money (unless you're one of the people I mentioned before) and go to Crazy Horse in NY NY.  I doesn't have great reviews on here, but trust me if you think Zumanity is a bit lame, you'll love crazy horse.  It doesn't show boobs just to show boobs because he he he thats a private part!!!!  Seriously save your money!!!!!!
4	This show is different from every other Cirque du Soleil show I've ever seen.  Be prepared - this is an adult show with nudity and very adult themes.  There were a few uncomfortable moments with the performances, but on the whole, it's still a very visually stunning show.  As always, the costumes are incredible.  The music is perfect.  The acts are all very inventive and the performers are amazing.  Simple words of warning - Don't bring your parents or grandparents.
5	What are some of you people saying?  1 Star? 2 Stars? No imagination?  It is because that there is nudity, that it makes you use your imagination... during AND after the show.  I was very impressed with the creativity and sexual energy of this show.I have seen all the Cirque shows in Las Vegas now and i have to say, Zumanity ranks up there with O and KA.  True that the acrobatic element of Cirque Du Soleil is missing but the use of nudity and human sexual energy throughout the show keeps the audience entertained.From beginning to end, the show keeps the audience involved in with jokes and tricks.  People sitting up front are always on their toes because they never know what's going to happen next.A must see if you're able to tolerate fun sexual themes and nudity.  If you can't, then why da hell are you in Vegas?
2	Sorry - I have to disagree with you 5 star people.  Zumanity was lacking...  I was looking for Cirque's version of a burlesque show.  If that's what you're looking for, don't waste your money.  Yes, there's some nudity.  But nudity of contortionists...  I personally don't find that stimulating.  I love Cirque's use of water and acrobatics... I don't know why they aren't used in the show.  And typically, you have the comedy duo to entertain you while they set up such stunts.  With no stunts, why do you need the raunchy couple?  Then again - I thought they were one of the best parts...  Which should tell you something about the show.  If I could only use one word - it would be disappointed.
5	GREAT comedy/ sex show...especially if you're a pervert..I like how they use many nationalities in this show..there was black, white, latino and asian performers which made them very unique and fun to watch. The host is so hilarious and after watching this show...you will want to f*** back at the hotel =PP.S- Buy your tickets and tix4tonite...not at new york new york..you will save at least $30
4	Not as good as O, but still amazing. It's very sensual, so you have to be in that frame of mind to get into it. But once you get into it, it's an incredible show. Funny story: We went to a strip club after the show, and found it sad that there were girls doing almost the same thing as Cirque for much, much more money. Bummer.
5	Zumanity is an amazing show.  It's much more of a theatre experience, focusing on production value, rather than necessarily focusing on the acrobatics in the way the other shows do.  The acrobatics are still amazing!  But they are not so much the focus.  The show is definitely sensual and sexual, looking to attract a variety of sexual interests.  It's hilarious, sexy, and breathtaking.  It's probably not the place to take a big group of people or your mother or platonic friend, but it's a wonderful show and makes a great date night on the strip.
1	I have seen almost all the Cirque shows. This is a sad excuse for one. It is a great show for 18 and 19 year olds but adults will be bored by its sophmoric humor. Its theatrical value is fair but when compared to the other Cirque shows in Vegas it is low.
5	I've seen this show twice, and maybe that's why I was more impressed the first time.This is a different kind of Zumanity show...more risque and less abstract.There is not a bad seat in the house so don't be scared to sit in the balcony.The only disappointment I had the second time was my favorite part of the show was changed!  The two chinese water acrobats were now one white girl.  BORING.  Someone must have been sick!!Also they changed the chubby tranny for a slimmer and not as funny version.  GET RAUNCHY!! The second time seemed tamed down to me!!The little man is the best!! I think all of the performers are awesome and I love the fat girls!!Overall highly recommended but  don't bring grandma or sit next to the lady i did.  She was gasping for air by the time it was over!
4	Another Review Another Cirque.  I think I should probably give this 3.5 Stars.  But there is no half star.  This show is a great show in the sense that if you like production value, and comedy, and or audience participation.  The show keeps you laughing, and moves rather quick.  If you expect acrobats, and breathtaking Cirque, this is NOT the show for you!  You'll find allot of erotic references, and public humilitation.  Side Note, if you don't want to be picked on, sit far, far away.  Be on your toes, they might still find YOU!  The theater is small, which means the cheap seats are a great bargain!  They show allot of skin, Breasts, and touches the sensitive side of erotic theatre.  If you want to see and amazing strip show, with a touch of class, have at it.  It's the Erotic side of Cirque, and they mean it!  We have a tansgendered host, a midget, etc....  So if you are sensetive to this type of entertainment, then don't go.  If you find yourself entertained by the wild side, of life, and want to let it loose for a night, you might want to check out Zumanity!  Check it out, it's Vegas!
5	This show definitely EARNS the 5 STARS! It's great, I'm not going to compare it to any other Cirque du Soleil show. This show is an ADULT show, but it's not raunchy, it's fun and sexy. I thought everything about it was great. I took my girlfriend at the time and she loved it, shoot I even think it got me laid... =) But seriously, whether it's just a group of girls or a guy taking your girl, you can't go wrong with this show. I will say that if you're uptight and get easily offended by sex, ummm well maybe it's not for you, but then again you wouldn't be in SIN CITY anyway... As a matter of fact I'm going to look for tickets to go again... I sat in section 103 in the 3rd row the theatre isn't huge so there's not really technically a bad seat, but if you like to be up close and don't want to get the sofa seats then sec 103 and 104 orchestra seats are great. Here's a tip to get great seats... CALL, don't buy them online and if you must buy them online buy them from the ny ny website. When you call you can ask them for the best available seats and they will give you choices rather than you just getting stuck with whatever you bought online.
4	THE SHOW:Tastefully sexy and funYIPPEEE:Real breastsSave yourself some $$$           Balcony seats are just as good as sitting on the floorBOOO:ohhh so many gorgeous women                but not very much male eye candy
2	I was really disappointed with this Cirque!I was truly looking forward to an erotic sensual experience, naked bodies, amazing costumes, and the beauty and artistry that I have come to know with other CDS performances.  Zumanity just didn't live up to its advertising or trailers.  They really could have created an artistic masterpiece and pushed the limits, instead, Zumanity was a bawdy cabaret act - less artistry more in your face nakedness...also their attempt to address different aspects of sexuality seemed blatant instead of creative...certainly not their best showing!
3	Watched it 05/03/08, I'm more into the acrobatics acts that O, Le Reve and KA had so I was kinda bored during the show. The acrobatics acts they  did have were more soft and sexual which definatly fit the theme of the show. So they did have a good production, but overall the show was not for me. The best part of the show was when they got the crowd involved with the jokes and all. Super funny
2	Mary T.  and Jenna B. said it best.  My friend, a first timer, enjoyed herself but I may have been more impressed if I've never seen another show before.  It was just weak and the jokes fell short (were lame) of what I expected from Cirque.
4	I really liked this show...It was sexy, funny, and the Art-Nouveau style theater was gorgeous.Thierry Mugler designed the costumes.. they were pretty trippy  you could not tell who were "real"men or womenEating a few shrooms before hand made for an awesome time!
4	This is the most entertaining Cirque show that I have seen.  I would not go into expecting to see awesome acrobatics. It's not that kind of show, rather it is provocative showcase done in a tasteful manner.
3	Hot girls? check!  Almost naked dudes? wtf!  The girls were definitely hot and skilled but the dudes grossed me out.  I'm no homophobe but I was definitely bothered by the two half naked dudes french kissing right in front of me.  Me and my ex-gf had booked the front row "love seats" and I guess it was a little too close for comfort during that scene.  The dudes were making out right in front of us and they stank.  Full on body odor.  That just ruined the show for me.  Everything else up to that moment was fine.  I hope the removed that "act" from the show.
5	Cirque de Soleil Zumanity at New York - New York Casino is a adult show which is different from most other Cirque de Soleil shows. It is very good and entertaining for both hetro or gay but you be comfortable with sex to see this show. It is not a special effects show like O or KA.The theater is very nice and I enjoyed the performance the two times I attended. New York - New York Casino is not one of my favorite casinos.
4	A Vegas show that doesn't take it self seriously, is funny, welcoming to all, interactive and just plain fun!!! We laughed, were shocked, amazed and amused. Its sexy but not dirty. Lots of boobs however needs a little more man candy! And who doesn't love old married people being pulled on stage and made to describe their sex lives??!! Everyone will leave with a smile on their face... pun intended.
3	There's reality and there's zumanity.  A show from Cirque Du Soleil that I would say is just average so I would say that it's pretty on par with reality if you ask me.  I think I was about to fall asleep at a couple points in the show.  Being a guy and all, I thought the "sensual side" of Cirque Du Soleil show would definitely keep me entertained and needless to say, only a couple parts of the show really kept me engaged.  That, being mostly the audience involvement.  They did a great job in making people laugh and if you are the audience participant, it will by far be an experience you will not forget.  However, doing tricks naked is not much if the tricks aren't that great.  The only performance I believe is really worth mentioning is that girl on the zumanity website with the ring which you can play by rolling your mouse over the letters "Zumanity".  Save some money that way if you want or bring a date because it mainly is a "couples" show.Always look for promotions on the tickets.  The tickets we orignally bought were upper orchestra seats for 175$ for two and we ended up finding a promotion that we got for about 130$ for two instead.
4	Red velvet walls, naughty humor, strong drinks, half-naked celestial bodies.  What's not to like?  Ms. A appreciated that the performers, although freakish in their talents, were physically beautiful in a non-surgical way -- rare in a Vegas burlesque show.I appreciated the topless-gymnast-mermaid-in-a-giant-fishbowl act (I know, it's sooo been done, but  still...!), along with many other Cirque marvels.  Admit it, you've always wanted Cirque to unleash the sensual side of their capabilities and humor.  This is is the show to take you there.It ought to push some buttons, take a few people outside their comfort zone - like the two men cage fighting their way to a makeout session.  (What a great commentary on the homoerotic nature of action films!)  Though one of our lesbian friends found little to blow her skirt up in the show -- ironic in a town full of girl-on-girl action.As with any CDS show, if you sit too close you may be drafted into the performance (and/or soaked by fishbowl girl).  Ad libs with the audience make up a lot of the material here.I liked the poor uptight stiff from New Jersey getting interrogated by the flamboyant host(ess):Hostess: "Let me ask: Are you horny right now?"Stiff: "What time is it?" (Glancing nervously at watch.)Hostess, to audience: "That's New Jerseyan for 'Ohhhh yeahhhhh!'"I"m thinking most couples, by the end of the show, won't need to check their watches to determine their randiness levels.  Watching the crowd departing,  I could imagine a lot of disturbed hotel room neighbors in the very near future.
5	My hun, friends and I REALLY enjoyed this sexy, hilariously funny and erotic burlesque show. It's truly worth every cent spent to see the gorgeous bodies always provided by Cirque shows. Hubba, hubba! Good gosh were the men and women HOT! I can't even recount how MANY 6-packs I saw and I ain't talking about beer either Yelpers! Oh my gosh were the bodies HOT! It is most def one of the best Cirque show i've seen and am definitely recommending it to everyone!
5	I have to agree with Cynthia C, it's gymnastics on ecstasyOverheard in a cuddlepuddle:1) You know what would be cool? Asian twins wearing only flesh colored thongs swimming in a giant martini glass and doing contortionism on the side of the glass. -Check2) I'd really like to see a hot brunette wearing next to nothing being chased around a cage by 3 hot men, also wearing next to nothing. -Check3) What would be really cool would be a hot topless blonde swinging from the ceiling by a piece of purple tule being chased by a good looking midget on his own piece of tule.. - Check
3	Zumanity is definitely anything but "sensual."  Honestly, I felt a bit mislead, I expected the show to equate to a lot of horny audience members rushing back to their hotel rooms to alleviate the situation, but I don't think so.The show was narrated by a bunch of "funny guys and gals"  So, it was basically just a lot of crude, sexual humor (don't get me wrong I enjoyed it)Lots of audience participation, that's a plus.  The actual acrobatics were NOTHING compared to The Beatles show, basically just naked gymnasts and crude jokes.Don't go if you're trying to get your partner in bed, I just don't see that happening.Also, the tiny drinks (while tasty) were OUTRAGEOUSLY expensive, sneak a few beers in your purse...
2	Zumanity's tagline, "The sensual side of Cirque du Soleil", is incredibly misleading.the show is neither sensual nor is it Cirque du Soleil as we've come to expect.there was actually very little of the acrobatics that make the Cirque famous: a couple of contortionists, some impressive dancing, a great hula hoop act, and some unspectacular fabric trapeze work and that's it.  the rest was a bunch of chicks running around baring their breasts and being chased by guys with a rubber dildos...as to the sensual, nothing could be further from sensual.  i found shows like O much more sensual than this weak vaudevillian har har crude sex joke narrative.  it was more like being at finocchios in SF (check your history folks) with a couple of sensationally under-utilized acrobats.frankly it was a big turn off after an especially excellent day in vegas.if you're into vaudeville, have not seen beach blanket babylon a few times, watch la cage aux folles religiously, enjoy trite penis jokes, and are not looking for the spectacular heights of physical human achievement that mark the other Cirque shows, you might actually enjoy Zumanity.not me.  it left me cold and shriveled...
4	Went to see this show while on my honeymoon in Vegas. We LOVED it. Great combination of humor, sex, and some of the typical Cirque style acrobatics. The cast is so funny in this show, and I love the drag queen host. All though, it took my husband until the end of the show to figure out it was a drag queen. That's how good she is. :)The audience participation is the best part of the show. The dancing is gorgous and there are some amazng acts, but that really is the reason to go. If you want to see lots of acrobatics, go to another show.Also, I just wanted to say that I found the number of single, older men in the audience to be a bit creepy. I actually had to sit next to one of them. This isn't really a show I would expect to see a single man sitting in. Go with friends, or your SO before it makes it SO much better.
5	This show and Pre-Show were amazing.  So Sexy and entertaining.  Do your self a favor and sit as close to the stage as possible.  You wont regret it.5 Stars for another amazing show by Cirque du Soleil
3	The Cirque act that isn't really CirqueWhile in Vegas over Labor Day Wknd, came to see Zumanity - high expectations of fantabulous Cirque shows of the past, mixed in w/ a bit of "Adult" themes & we're off to an extremely unique & breath-taking experience.....or so we thoughtTo sum it up - the acrobats at  Cher the following night, were more amazingOverall, too much boobie - not erotic & it quickly got to the point we were like oh look, another topless girl doing backbendsMost of the guys seemed to be of the stripper variety & not really Cirque performers....obviously there *were* guy acrobats but they seemed the minority rather than on equal footing w/ the girlsBut - as far as sexual tastes & quote " taboos " go, there was a little something for everyone.....girl on girl, guy on guy, bondage, auto-asphyxiation, bathtubs, orgies....you get the picture.  The "acrobatics" seemed to be of more the contortionists / drapey-ropes-in-the-air variety & no death-wheel, trampoline of fire, highwire options.....but then again, I guess those wouldn't really be considered eroticThere were funny bits that had me laughing out loud & it was an enjoyable evening but I was not bowled over w/ the oh-my-gawd-did-you-see-that kind of moments I expect from Cirque du Soleil.....I also did not come out of there all hot  bothered but more like meh, so what's next?So glad I saw it but wouldn't want to see it again
4	Expect a lot of audience interaction and talk, not that much CDS, but the show overall provided a lot of laughs. Good music, as well. :)
5	This is adult Cirque du Soleil and I LOVED it! I saw this show with six girlfriends right after we all turned 21. I'd seen other Cirque shows before and always greatly enjoyed them... this show had all the same exciting acrobatics, gymnastics, balancing, displays of superhuman strength, etc but in minimal clothing ;) A lot of the girls were topless and the guys were almost naked but in little briefs. During the pre-show, some larger ladies dressed in maids outfits served strawberries off a platter while putting their breasts and butts in the audience members faces... very entertaining!The tickets were less expensive than the other Cirque shows and this was a fabulous show to see with friends. While at New York, New York we also tried the roller coaster which I thought was over-rated and explored around. As an added bonus, a photographer took an amazing photo of the group of us and we bought it. A great memory of a great show (Zumanity) and a great trip (Vegas, baby!).
4	Prior to the show, I was scared shitless of seeing naked clowns or something. I mean after all it's cirque du soleil. Well thank God there were no clowns, because they scare me! The show was hilarious and definitely worth the money. The things they do are so amazing and best of all guys, you will love this. There is a lot of audience interaction, but only if you're in the front front.My favorite part was the ribbon acrobat thing...whatever it's called. The part I found a little boring was the cage. *yawn* Almost fell asleep. It is still a very good show though. Definitely a must see!
5	Awesome show.  It was exciting, funny, and really sexy!
5	This has got to be one of the BEST shows I've seen in Vegas! Mind you I'm comparing it to Sigfried and Roy; nevertheless, Zumanity is a fun, sex-filled, comedic trip that would leave you wanting more.MOAR..MOARARARARARR!I think any seat you choose for this show is sure to be good. BUT let me forewarn you. You sitting in the aisle, near the front, or the front couch seats will automatically make you part of the show. So if you're shy and want to laugh and not be laughed at then do yourself a favor and sit in the middle section of a row! So lets go over the check-list:-Scantily Clad Woman - Check-Scantily Clad Sexy Acrobatics  - Check-Sexy Midgets - Check-Sexy Very Flexible Girls swimming in large cup - Check-Sexy Orgy Scene with Granny Humping Manetar - Check-Sexy Men that resemble Thunder From Down Under - Check (For You Females)If you're sexually frustrated don't go to this show. You'll just be hurting yourself.If you don't like sex or anything sexual, don't go to this show. You shouldn't even be in Vegas and should have sat your ass at home. If you don't like sex. You seriously have a problem.
4	This was the very first Cirque du Soleil performance I had ever seen.  My wife told me that it's very different from what I had heard about other Cirque du Soleil shows as she had seen Zumanity before.  I thought it was odd that I had to be an adult to watch the show but as soon as it started I could see why - almost nude good looking performers doing a lot of sexual innuendos on a small stage with a smaller than usual audience.  It was very entertaining but for my first Cirque du Soleil experience, it wasn't the best one.  Had I seen Mystere or O first, then maybe I would have appreciated Zumanity more now that I had something to compare it to and be more constructive.  I would say my favorite act of the show was when these 2 lady contortionists performed their acrobatics inside this glass bowl.  Amazing to watch and erotic at the same time.
5	I sometimes think I am a jaded San Franciscan and have seen it all.   I was enthralled  with this sexy, racy part acrobatic, part strip tease, part burlesque Show I wanted to do a show while in Las Vegas. I wanted something that captures the essence of the City.  My blood was definitely pumping afterward.I have never been to a Cirque show although I know a fair amount about the Canadian roots.
5	The Cirque du Soliel show that IS Vegas!  Zumanity is sexy!  It's got tons of audience interaction, it's got it's funny moments, it's got it's nudity and it pretty much even has an orgy right on stage!  If you can score sofa seats, you are in for a treat!  You will probably end up being part of the show.
4	Sexy, tantalizing, beautiful and campy describe this wonderful Cirque show.  I've seen this one twice and was surprised that the "gang" part of the show was not part of the program the 2nd time around...that was very hot scene.  Anyway, the girls in the martini glass are sensuous and beautiful.  Definitely worth a trip to NYNY to catch this show even for open minded prudes.  Closed minded prudes may want to go to the Debbie Reynold's hotel and catch a dinner and a show....did they tear that one down already?
2	I am too tired to write anything of any substance here but Ill get to the point-I hope you apreciate it. . I have seen Mystere, O, KA, Zumanity, and Chris Angel Believe. Hopefully this gives me some credibility to write an objective review. In order of what I would see 1.) Mystere the original and I think still the best  2.)  O (Visually stunniong performance over water) 3.)  KA (Boring) 4.) Chris Angel (This show sucked no magic tricks no acrobatics? 5.) Zumanity (Honestly you call this "adult" and "provocative" sorry I thought the show didn't hit the mark in this respect and was pretty contrived. Go to a Strip Club instead.
5	Very sensual and very funny! I loved their comedy act! Its hilarious! The viewers participation was absolutely the best!  When we got here, we kinda knew what to expect. I think its worth the money! We only paid for regular admission so we sat at the back. If you purchase the expensive tickets, I hope u get stuck between the two shapely twins..lol. When they started removing their clothes, i cant decide if the mans thing was real or not! Its way too long and too thin! hahaha!A must see! Best for bachelorette  parties!
3	It would appear that my erotic-meter is skewed! I came to this conclusion after reading many reviews and then seeing the show. It's funny, a little bit naughty, has a couple gee-whiz acrobatic segments and is very entertaining. Erotic? Not so much, IMHO. The ubiquitous schoolgirl outfit - yes she's beautiful, yes she does some amazing things, but enough with the little plaid skirt thing already! I know, I know, you guys love the hell out of that stuff. The MC is hilarious! Seriously hilarious! I have to say it, as I always do....DO NOT BRING YOUR CHILDREN! Unless your intent is to psychologically damage them, perhaps irreparably. All in all, a good entertaining show and great fun to sit on a comfy sofa sipping (ok, guzzling, hahaha) a few (ok, several) cocktails with saucy little names like 'Silky Panty' and nibbling on some very yummy treats! Go a bit early, some fun stuff happens before the show starts.
5	Hot.Steamy.Corky.Hot.Sensual.Amazing.Did I mention H-O-T?Give me a doggie bag of that to GO!Ill volunteer for that audience participation.....ANYDAY!
4	This show isn't for everyone. And i used to sell tickets for it. A lot of the people i worked with told me, have a drink and remember it's in all good fun.The drinks are pricey but good. The french maids are hysterical. I love with a snoody person tries to ignore them. The acts are beautiful. I dropped a few stars for a few things... Not so Cirque. And Not so sexy. I liked the bathtub bit. And the school girl bit as well. :) and Antionio is a must for all the girls to see. Who would want to be stopped by some guys who carries more dildo's in his pocket than a sex shoppe?
3	First cirque du soleil show I've ever seen and I wasn't too impressed. Sure some of the acts were cool and they had the clown pick on everyone in the beginning but I was never wowed.
3	The acrobatics of the show is impressive. No story line here really, but sex is good and we should have more of it? The crew is attractive and good at what they do. Comedy bit intermissions were hit or miss. Little pricey. It was quite long, and I was getting antsy towards the end. Overall good show, I would recommend it at least once.
3	Did I miss something here?? This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and quite honestly didn't get it.  Yes, it was sensual and erotic.  Yes, they do things with their bodies that no normal human should be allowed to do. But seriously.... What's with all the hype??There are some redeeming factors, if you want to call them that.  The show is extremely interactive. The little guy will make you gasp. And it really is done tastefully. I doubt I'll make it back this particular show again, but I'm ready to see other Cirque shows to see if we just saw a flop. And if you're fortunate to get discounted tickets, go. It's an experience.
4	This show was sexy, hot, and hilarious!  Our seats were first row balcony, because based on past reviews we knew we'd be safe from involuntary participation.  The interaction with the crowd below us was so fun to watch, especially prior to the show starting.  The acts were, for the most part, incredibly sexy.  In a really good way. In a "I wish I could do that at home, and maybe after a couple drinks I might think I can, but instead end up with about 10 pulled muscles" sort of way.  Especially the 2 women in the water....wowsers!  Now that's talent!An entertaining show all around!  Oh, and the margarita from the man upstairs was deeeeeeelicious!
4	This Cirque du Soleil was extremely funny, sexy and entertaining. I will admit it is not the best out there, but it is totally fun to watch. I came in with no expectations, and came out happy. I would recommend this show to people who are open minded. It is not for everyone. Just remember when you watch to have fun!!! I probably will not pay to watch it again, but at least I got to see it.
1	My wife and I just saw this show Saturday night. It was without a doubt the worst of the Cirque du Soleil shows. While we very much enjoyed all the other shows, this Zumanity does not live up to it's hype. It was not sexy unless you consider looking at women with the breasts of a 13 year old sexy. The show was just too poorly created. Don't waste your money!!!
2	Well, for my first Cirque de Soliel show, this one pretty much sucked.  I expected more.The acrobatics were good and some of the stage settings were great.  however, the show really depended on easy humor for a crowd that may not have been as experienced as I was in life.  i don't mean that to sound arrogant, but I was not a good market segment for this show.Plus, the venue was in the dank gross deep-fried New York New York hotel in Vegas.  If you don't mind walking through a mall food court full of drunk people that are stupid, then this is the show for you.
4	Zumanity was good, there were a few parts where I was less "excited" so to speak. Some of the performances and (good don't get me wrong) but have less of the "wow" factor that most of the Cirque shows are known for. That said, there were many "wow" factor moments and the performances were pretty fun. If you are looking for a good adult show, this'll be the one.I think they should have saved the dance of the two girls in the huge bowl of water for last. It was first but was definitely one of my favorite parts.There was a ton of audience interaction which was really fun!
3	I love Cirque du Soleil but Zumanity wasn't as great as the others I've watched. I've watched O and Mystere before, so compared to those, Zumanity is just okay. There was a lot of nudity, some raunchy and others more tasteful. And the people warming up the crowd before the show certainly didn't waste anytime getting into the raunchy. I knew the show was topless but I wasn't prepared for the crude jokes so it took me a couple minutes to adjust. It was a pretty funny show but it didn't have as many real performances, like the crazy circus acts in O, as I was hoping for.
3	I don't know about you, but I don't find anything "sexy" or "sensual" about naked performers with their tidbits hanging out while they're hanging upside down suspended in the middle of the air.This was basically a naked freak show... and I'm sorry I don't get turned on by trannies in lingerie or muscle men cage fighting and then making love to one another on stage.This is definitely now your average Cirque du Soleil act... the funny skits and interludes made the rest of the show worthwhile though. I loved the baggy boobs lady!
5	I was really entertained the entire time. I was so glad it was a typical Cirque de Soleil. Some things were just kinda weird, but still worth seeing.  Lots of boobs...and thank god they are real! I was shocked the entire show was full of real boobs! Its sexy, funny and amazing. I can't say I had a favorite part, it was all great. Although if you sit in the front be prepared to be a part of the show.
3	This is a fun show, but it felt anti-climactic.  I returned tickets here and purchased new tickets immediately after (it was the way they had to do it in order to refund one ticket) and lost my good seats in the 60 seconds it took to get this process done.  As luck would have it, a gentleman offered tickets with better seats to three people sitting in front of my friend and me and they were unable to use them due to the fact that they were offered two tickets and their group consisted of three.  We graciously accepted the tickets and sat much closer to the stage.  The show was much more enjoyable up close, but still did not peak at any point.
2	Just an update:  now I have seen Ka, and my opinion of Zumanity remains the same.I think I know why Zumanity doesn't stand out.  It's not so difficult to find super-hawt performers.  It's probably not so difficult to find amazing Cirque Du Soleil-type performers.  But it's probably *VERY* difficult to find super-hawt performers of Cirque Du Soleil caliber, judging by the Zumanity performers.
4	This would have been a 3 star review but I got my tickets for 50% off so there's the extra star. I dont really consider myself to be uptight or prudish and coming in I knew what the show was about so there were no surprises there. I loved the guy in the beginning that warmed up the crowd as well as the *married* couple that did skits throughout the show, the hostess was fab-u-lous as well.I felt the nudity was done in a tasteful manner, I wasn't expecting the cage fighting guys to kiss but I think they managed to hit up every possible sexual interest of the crowd. I probably would have given these 5 stars had I not seen Ka a few years ago, I thought it was much more impressive. They did have a few acts that had a bit of a wow factor but I guess I went in expecting to much of what the typical cirque de soleil will be.Needless to say we had many laughs and loved the interactive aspect of the show...especially when they pulled a married man and a very very drunk girl up on stage who ended up on a very small bed together...I'm surprised the wife didn't run up on the stage and start a cat fight.Anyways, I recommend it for a change of pace and if you want to get picked to go up on stage sit towards the front section of the crowd.
4	I love Zumanity.   I've seen this show 3 times.  It's very entertaining and fun.  I fell asleep during KA!  I mean, it was an incredible show and Maybe it was the 6 Margaritas I had before the show, who knows! but it was too slow for me!  Zumanity is just funny and exciting and I loved it just as much the third time.  It's a fun time.  You know what I loved the most about watching it the 3rd time?  Watching the guys in the audience squirm and head for the exit doors during the male cage fight act.  HA!
5	I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF THIS SHOW. Plain and Simple.It was AWESOME. Loved the interpretations, the symbols, the movements, the music, the costumes, the comedic relief. Zumanity showed all the different sides & angles in "sex"Cant wait to go a 2nd time. This time Front Row Booth baby!
5	this is easily in the top 5 list of any live performance of any kind i have attended, right up there with the cramps and iggy pop, zumanity.this show is beautiful, sexy, and has a little of everything for everyone.my initial draw was that i am a huge fan of joey arias.  i don't think he is MCing this show anymore but its a fantastic show.  of course, its gotta be your thing.
3	Could we have more men? I'd like to see more men. Please? Other then that, the show was okay. I don't know if it was quite worth the cost, but entertaining none-the-less. The contortionist was very unnerving/creepy. More men please. (And not ones like the contortionist...) Thanks!
5	To start with, the theater itself is gorgeous...it looks like a sexy, elegant boudoir done in black and red.  The lighting was soft and there was not a bad seat in the house.  I loved how the cast came down into the audience before the show. (first word of warning...if you are shy, DO NOT buy tickets near the stage!)  "Antonio" was hilarious and the Botero sisters were awesome.  I was really impressed that they truly had people of all shapes and sizes in the cast.  I loved every single minute of the show itself.  (second word of warning...if you are offended by bare boobies, simulated sex or 2 men kissing, this is not the show for you).   The bodies were so beautiful and best of all, real.  No silicone in sight and yes, most of the dancers and acrobats have amazingly toned shapes, you also have some supporting characters who are far from the "ideal" of beauty.  I was simply stunned by Julia, the hoops girl.  Naughty schoolgirl with the strength of 10 men...amazing to watch.  The water bowl was beautiful and the men in our group were group were quite impressed with Robyn and her aerial straps.  I have a feeling there were quite a few men putting their coats over their laps at that moment, lol.  The singers were great and Edie the naughty Mistress of Sensuality was hilarious.  The orgy at the end had the audience crying with laughter and I was kind of sad when it all ended.  The rest of my party didn't like it quite as much as I did and wanted more acrobatics but I would go back to see it again, no question.  And to the frat boys behind us that started yelling "NO!" during the 2Men sequence and actually boo'd when they kissed...grow up or stick to the titty bars okay?
4	You know, Cirque du Soleil is great brand and the shows they do are first rate. The concierge at the Trump was able to get us great seats for either Zumanity or O and we decided to go to Zumanity (hey, we were in Vegas, we needed to be little bit naughty!).And, great seats they were...second row with our eyes right at stage level, and close enough to touch everything on the stage (although you wouldn't necessarily want to).Boys and girls;girls and boys; girls and girls; boys and boys; old and young and pretty much every combination of the above that you would think possible. The show is very funny in spots, certainly beautiful all the way through.The acts themselves are everything you would expect from CdS, funny, magical, awesome in many respects.There is so much athletic talent on the stage, that the stories they are trying tell get a little lost in the acrobatics and sometimes things feel a bit  disjointed (much like the contortionist in his underwear...creepy but strangely funny).The price you pay for great seats at this show is that the performers feel duty bound to interact with you. The Beautiful Carin and I found ourselves dragged into the proceedings 2-3 times (we just wanted to see the show...is that so wrong?!?!?).Anyway, beautiful, athletic, entertaining people...most of them naked or nearly so for the entire show...in an entertaining show with a little something for everyone.
5	Make sure you get there early to see the pre-show antics.  The twins will keep you entertained, they also serve strawberries if your lucky enough to get their attention.Also understand that you may become part of the show. If that's not your thing you probably want to be in the balcony.  Otherwise it's a chance you take (we were spared!!).It's all about Love and sex from first kiss down to orgie. But tastefully done.  Great show for couples!!  We went during our honeymoon.  I'd so see it again.
3	There are a few things that Cirque du Soleil shows have in common: acrobatics, music, and comedy.  Out of these three, I would have to rank them in the following order:1. Comedy2. Music 3. AcrobaticsComedyThis Cirque performance has a lot more audience involvement and dialog then other shows I've seen (O and Ka). Zumanity advertises itself as the 'Sensual side of Cirque du Soleil' but I would say it is a lot less porn-ish and more like a R-Rated comedy with nudity. MusicThe music is a lot different in the sense that there is a vocalist who is part of the on stage cast. Also, the band performs on a cat walk above the stage. AcrobaticsCompared to the water acrobatics of O and the stage acrobatics of Ka, Zumanity is pretty weak in this area. In fact, the only things that really stand out are the hulu-hooping school girl and the fish bowl twins. I've never been a fan of the contortionists in these productions, but you will see a few them as well.What you will most likely take away from this production is no so much the nudity but the comedy. It is an enjoyable show for couples. If you are sitting anywhere besides close to the stage, you may notice a lot of commotion in the aisles, I couldn't tell if this was people getting up out of their sets or performers who were getting ready for the next scene, but it was pretty bothersome.
4	Words of advice. 1.DO NOT buy lower orchestra seating unless you would like to be part of the show. I was dragged up on stage and was constantly berated all night. (all in good fun). do not worry about the view the theater is very intimate and you will have great seat anywhere.  2.DO NOT go to this show with your mom and dad, in laws or any parental figures...have you ever watched a movie with a lot of sex and nudity with your mom and dad? remember how uncomfortable that was?3.Get there early as the pre-show is great and quite funny.The show is very sensual and is great for couples. It is funny and very entertaining. I found my self smiling through out the show. The drag queen that host the show is as tall as Shaq, (really that was freaking me out) The acts are amazing as you would expect, and over all it was a great time...not to mention it is the best priced Cirque du Soleil show on the strip. You can find some great deals...(our front row tickets were $65 each).Well worth it.
5	GOOD: Unbelievable acrobatics and dance routines.  The visual titillation of the costumes---or lack theirof----works well for the show.  The band is actually floating high above the stage.BAD: Prior to the show, cast members linger around the lobby in full costume and makeup.  One lizzard like creature came up behind me while I was ordering a drink at the bar and started nuzzling my neck.  I was about to turn around the punch him in the balls until I realized it was all part of the act. HILARIOUS: Pre-show, two overweight cast members in barely there maid's costume squeeze thru the seats and offer appetizers to the crowd.  The lucky ones get some free munchies, the unlucky ones get their faces shoved into some lovely cracks. This show is raunchy to the core.  It explores human sexuality thru dance, acrobatics and gymnastics.  The fabrics and costumes are a huge element of the show as well.  For one act, this dwarf comes swinging down from the ceiling in a flowing white cloth and he later uses this same cloth to fly circles around the theatre.  Since its an aerial show, any seat in the house is pretty good, even the ones on the balcony.  We got the cheapest tickets in the house from one of the half-price venues on the Strip, about $75. When we went inside, the usher took a look at our tickets and upgraded us to seats that were much closer.  Very nice of him.
4	This was the best show!!!!!!  Very much worth the money..  The show kept my attention and was very funny when it needed and erotic also.. Do yourself a favor and see the show.
4	Wish I could give it 4.5 stars.I agree with the folks complaining that is wasn't neccesarily a 'Sensual' Show...much more of a burlesque/vaudville show, in that was an eclectic mix of acts and comedy.  And, I'm sure you could see a lot more boobage at most of the other adult shows in town but...It was one of the few things my wife and I did in Vegas that I felt was worth the price I paid.  The flat out entertainment factor was very high.  You could tell there were some tremendous athletes on stage, and the comedy intermissions gave you a chance to catch the breath you had been holding while folks swung from ropes.  I almost feel our seats were too close, as quite a few times you had to split your attention between the main act, and little side things that were going on.
2	After being hyped as super risque I was expecting something a little bit edgier and unique.   I had actually been told that people left because some of the male scenes were too provocative for them.  I really can't see why anybody who comes to this show knowing that it deals with sexuality could be offended by any of it.  I thought the vocalists and the dancers and acrobats were very attractive and talented it just wasn't the show I was expecting.  I thought it would be more shocking and maybe more like  love and O where there is a lot more going on at the same time.  I just wasn't all that impressed with it as a whole.  It was what it was.  I am sure a lot of people would find it risque enough.  It just wasn't edgy enough for me. Perhaps I am just too jaded...   I would like to see a Zumanity two sometime that would push the envelope a little more.  I saw a smaller show, Fashonistaas, that I liked more that was at Krave last year.  I guess this show was just missing more edgy kinky stuff which is what I expected more of from a  show that claims to explore eroticism like Zumanity does.One complaint I do have about the venue was the theater was kind of stuffy.  The place seems poorly ventilated.  Maybe they could actually turn up the air some or install some more vents.The theater is small so I don't recommend spending a lot of money for expensive seats.  We were quite happy with the theater stools.  They are actually were padded swivel chairs right on the edge of the balcony close to the stage.  They seemed to give us the best view of all the action for the smallest price.
4	I did enjoy the show, but enjoyed Mystere more.  We sat in the balcony, because it was cheaper.  We were told that the show was mostly aerial, but it's not.  I loved the dancing a lot and wished I could do the same.I agree with the other reviewers that they needed more ventilation.  The theater got really warm towards the end of the show.
5	We loved this show.  It was beautiful, funny, and a nice break from our normal mundane reality.  I can see that some people may be offended by some of the scenes, my husbands eyes went up above his forehead (cartoon style) during a male scene, but it was really awesome.  Exploring sexuality through theatre means all sexuality-- really really good.  Zumanity offers a 35% military discount, we preordered the tickets.  I wanted to make sure I could get seats that I could leave if I needed to (pregnant and needing to pee all the time), and ours were lovely.
2	Hate to say it, but I was kind of disappointed with this show. I *really* wanted to love it, but I just wasn't feeling it.I had wanted to see this show for five years ever since I moved here. My friend and I got to the show right before they closed the curtain to start it, so I didn't get to see the pre-show that others have written about. Although there were funny moments in it (such as the "scotch baggies" lady), and when the performers pulled audience members on stage to participate, I found myself feeling more put off by things in this show than aroused. I did like the two women swimming in the giant glass of water. That was one of the few moments in the show I thought worked well.I have seen LOVE before, which is far superior to this show (IMO). I felt Zumanity was "sexual", but not "sexy" or "sensual", as they advertise it. Yes, the performers did some fantastic acrobatic work, as is to be expected in Cirque's shows. But the whole faux-risque, soft porn, rated-R feeling of the show struck me as being a bit false and forced. I don't think this type of burlesque atmosphere works with Cirque du Soleil and their image. I am as open-minded as they come, but this show did not strike a chord with me emotionally or physically in any way when I was watching it. All colorful eye-candy, but no substance, which I would want in a visceral experience like this, especially when it has to do with erotic material.The performers wore some hot lingerie, and yes, they also went topless during some moments as well, I appreciated the fact that they were open to exploring homosexuality, S&M, and having a couple of female performers that are overweight, things that are outside what is considered "normal" by some people, but I would think to keep a level of sexual energy night after night would be difficult since I would think it would become only natural over a period of time that it would become "routine" for them. So, with that being said, I wasn't very impressed. I was not very turned on by it at all, but what is erotic to some may not be erotic to others. I guess I was expecting something really hot, but it did not meet my expectations. I thought it was a little overpriced for what I paid (I had sat in the lower orchestra section). Next time I will try another Cirque show like "O" or "Mystere", which I think I would enjoy much more.
5	Perfect blend of comedy, Cirque style acrobatics, sensuality, and burlesque dance.  We had awesome seats -- front row lounge seating which means we were privy to all of the sexy and sassy antics.  Loved the "scotch baggies" routine.  Loved the caged routine as well -- very sensual.  Loved that Zumanity had various sized performers.  Loved the rope act.  Loved the MC.  Loved the shades of red and how light and dark played on my senses.  If you have any issues with nudity, raunchy language or suggestions, homosexuality, or eroticism then this is not a show for you.  If you say bring it on, then see Zumanity and be prepared for a treat!!
5	Out of the six Cirque shows in Vegas, this is my favorite! I've seen it 6 times. :)http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/Zumanity/en/intro/intro.aspIt's all about s-e-x, traditional man & woman, man on man, woman on woman, interracial romance, orgies, dildos/toys, she-male/drag queens, you name it, it's in there.  If you're easily offended, go see 'O' at the Bellagio.I laughed my hiney off the majority of the time. It contains GREAT acts that still stick to the traditional Cirque theme.Get there a little early, they say to pick up your tickets at least 1 hour prior to show time to get seated, go to the concession stand (which has funny names for the drinks), get situated, etc.  There are some actors that come out into the audience before the start of the show, you won't want to miss that.  But they do hold your tickets for you up until the start of the show time.There really isn't a bad seat in the house unless you're sitting on the far corners closest to the stage in sections 101 or 104, they're close, but not the best view in my opinion.Honestly, balcony seats are really good, they aren't the "nose-bleeds" like you would think, they're located over the 200 section. If you book online ONLY:http://www.nynyhotelcasino.com/entertainment/entertainment_zumanity_promotions.aspxthere is a 25% off discount on SELECT shows, the online booking will select the BEST AVAILABLE in whatever price category you choose. But if you call, an agent can help you select a preferred area, be sure to ask for military, student, hotel guest, local, or other promotional offers that may be running (can range from 25-40% off).Be careful though, if you sit in any of the 100 sections, there is a chance you'll be pulled up on stage for audience participation. I've seen women go up there in short short skirts and leave very embarrassed. lolGO with an open-mind!http://www.cirquedusoleil.com/lasvegas/en/shows/zumanity.aspI just found this website, it's cool, promotes the "hoop girl"...most dudes dig her :)http://www.zumanityhoops.com/game.cfm
4	Friends were going to watch O sunday night, and wanted to make the most of our vegas trip so we stopped by tix4tonight at the fashion mall to see what shows they had available for the night. I didn't really want to spend a ton of money, but still ended up paying $80 (after all the fees) for the balcony seating. As for the show ...BOOBS. love them. Especially when they're twirling in the air, flipping around, and splashing in water. The best part was that i didn't have to tip them a dollar each time.I was almost able to stay up the entire show but did the whole, if i just close my eyes for a second i'll feel better. Not that the show was boring, but when its 11pm and dark i can get sleepy.The thing was that you have to pick up your tickets at least an hour before the show, and it was all the way down at New York New York and we had dinner rsvp at RAO at Ceasar's in an hour. So we cabbed it over there, had to walk to the other side of the hotel pick up the tickets, then walk all the way back to catch a cab to dinner.
4	Sat in the second row...got a great view!Ok this was our second Cirque show, we had also seen the one in Hawaii, which was much more low-key. My husband bought the tickets and planned the night, I saw a few signs about it being sensual, and saw the gift shop...but still didn't know what to expect. The French Maids were hilarious! I laughed the entire time.I tend to be more conservative and quiet, so this was definitely way out of my comfort zone, especially in the second row! But, I had a great time and would go back the next chance I get. I always tell anyone going to Vegas that they must see this show, and who doesn't like half naked men and women?
4	You know, there is a lot of eye candy to see in Vegas. Sure a lot of the stripper, showgirls, and bikini clad women running around Las Vegas. But the beautiful and athletic women of Zumanity put them to shame. Not only are the women beautiful they seem to be live forms of chiseled Greek statues. Sleek and soft, yet toned and defined.Yea, the guys are incredibly in shape too. This was the first Cirque show I've been to and if they are all as awesome as this one, I can't wait to see another! I know that Zumanity is an adult themed show, it was still amazing to see the acrobatics and displays of human strength, agility, and sensuality. Theres something for everyone here men, women, women on women and men on men. Black and white, big and small. Drag queens, comedy and a pretty good accompanying band.I won't go into the individual acts, as I don't want to give it away. Theres serious acts as well as funny ones, the cast interacts with the viewers so be a good sport!The only slightly odd situations we experienced was that grandma next to us was moaning during certain acts..so though her motor was definitely running, antique motors don't do it for me. Also, I know they card people to ensure they are adults when they come in, I'm sure this one boy was not over the age of 18 and he was with his mom and dad. The mom was called on stage made to molest one of the bare chested hunks and perform mock fellatio on him. I found it funny but if I saw my mother doing that...and Lord knows she would, I would die. Don't bring your parents or kids here...for your own sake.
5	awesome!  i'd never seen a cirque show and this was a great to...nevermind i won't make the obvious euphemism here. it was fascinating and funny and i would highly recommend it!  be ware if you sit in the front section...
5	One of the most romantic and erotic nights I have ever had, was in a loveseat at Zumanity.The other side of Cirque du Soleil, this is an adults only human circus, exploring the body, sensuality, the duality of the sexes, flirtation, arousal of the senses through visual imagery, revealing costumes, bawdy dialogues, and beautiful singing.The seating is divided into three different categories.  The cheapest seats are the cabaret stools ($69), which may not afford the best views (since they are in the very back of the theater), or enable you to interact, but perhaps you are merely curious...The standard theater seats ($99) are located at stage level or on balconies, and will allow you to be shy but still be wrapped up in all of the excitement.  Finally, the Duo Sofas(sold in pairs, per person $129) are the highly recommended way to go in this show.  My boyfriend and I had a loveseat right infront of the stage.  It was amazing!We had performers draping their sinewy bodies over us, we were fed chocolate covered strawberries by a voluptuous french maid, caressed by the silken robe of the "mistress of seduction," and felt as though we were a part of the show.  It is an overwhelming experience.  "Waterbowl was one of the most beautiful parts of the show.  A sizeable glass bowl, filled with water, in which two female contortionists dive in and out, allows the audience to explore their bodies and the seemingly boundless limits of the human body."Straps" was quite different from the other performances, as this was one was unaccompanied by music.  In this, an aerial performer is literally strapped into leather, and suspended below the ceiling.  The audience hears moans, sighs, and heavy breathing, as the suspended woman moves from one erotic pose to another, all the while being bound by the leather straps, that give her alternating sensations of pleasure and pain.Aerial dance is my favorite aspect of any Cirque show, and the one presented here, called "Tissus," brings you close to tears.  The story is a classic tale of the object of a man's desire, seemingly unattainable, until the two worlds collide.  The woman is a tall , lythe, blonde goddess; the male a little person with incredible upper body strength.  The two create a unique combination.There are so many amazing characteristics of each performance, each performer. There is African tribal dance, a milk bath, flamenco dancing, aerial hoops, male striptease, tantric sex-like dual contortionists, comedy, and a climactic orgy.Whether you are curious, or see the world of sensuality and passion as your own, explore the other side of Cirque du Soleil. You will not be disappointed.
5	This is such a provocative show! It encompasses every aspect of human sexuality. The men and women come in all different shapes and sizes, very beautiful! There was a large woman on the show was was so hilarious! If you like Cirque Du Soleil, then you would like this, because it's similar concept, except it's racier--MUCH racier ;)
5	WOW...this show can make a porn star blush!!! LOL! It's all about sexuality and sensuality and they didn't leave any stone unturned...I mean they explored ALL aspects of our human needs! It's very adult themed, but it's by no means anything like going to a sleazy strip joint (although they did include a pole dancer - Cirque du Soleil style - in one of the scenes). It's very provocative, but what it comes down to is LOVE between human beings and their need to be LOVED...it's beautiful!!! It's an hour and a half without intermission and it goes by very quickly. The show is very entertaining...I guess you can call it a modern day "burlesque" show. There's alot of Cirque du Soleil acrobatics, singing, dancing, music, comedy, skits, and they do involve the audience quite a bit, esp if you're sitting in the orchestra section...it's very interactive (in more ways than one!) The theater is a good size, but you can still have a decent view of everything that's going on no matter where you're sitting. We sat in the balcony section about 3 rows up and we were fine. It's a must see!!!
5	Zumanity: The Cirque de Soleil for Perverts.Do you like...Staring at titties?Staring at crotches?Waiting/ hoping for someone's clothes to rip off?When sex meets comedy?Offensive humor?Flying crotches?Bendy people with HOT (and not so hot) bodies and sexified talent?Mesmerizing sets?Audience participation?...then this is the Cirque de Soliel for you, perv! Tips: * Check out Tix 4 Tonight for discounted tickets! * Can't imagine a bad seat in the house--nosebleeds were great!* Make sure you take someone home with you after this one--you'll need to unleash those 2 hours of sexual frustration/ anticipation.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and it was AMAZING.  It is an adult show and not for those who are offended easily.  There's not a bad seat in the house and you can get discount tickets at a place like Tix 4 Tonight, but the closer you sit the more "interactive" you may be with the talent witch may or may not be what you're looking for.
2	This is a cool show, there's no doubt about that... Just a little different from what i was expecting.What makes this show fun is it's all about sexuality. A lot of pervertedness, language, nudity- all that fun Vegas stuff. There is a lot of audience participation, I'd say at least 1/3 of the show is devoted to it. The costumes are fun and all of the naked people have amazing bodies(no vagina or penis- just a lot of muscles and boobs)Unfortunately what I didn't like about this show was i felt there was a lot of repetitiveness. People swinging from wires, a girl comes out naked, people swing from wires, audience participation. A man comes out naked, people swing from wires, audience participation. People swing from wires, audience participation, a man does contortion, everyone gets naked. It really leaves a lot to be desired. It was fun and I did enjoy myself, but I wouldn't have known it was a 'Cirque' show unless you had told me. When I think 'Cirque', I think Big Sets, Special Effects, Amazing Feats! Zumanity lacks the big set and special effects, and their most amazing feats are the people swinging from the wires- which is pretty much par for the course at any  show... I did have a good time watching this show, but for the price I paid I would have liked to see another Cirque show instead. If you're into sex shows- then this is the one for you! If you're into Cirque shows- i'd pass on this one.
5	YES, YES, and OoooH YES!This show was perfect. Fortunately enough, we had FRONT row seats so we can see every little nipple, dimple (not that there were many), and just plain fantastic sites of the amazing human body. The whole show -comedy, acrobatics, and animalistic sex, EXACTLY what I wanted and expected from a gorgeous Las Vegas performance. I highly recommend it, but not for loud obnoxious groups of people.
4	Just when you think you've seen the hottest person in this show, someone even hotter appears. Made me wish I was a 25 year old acrobat!!!As others have said, yes this show is sexy, and yes it explores every nook and cranny -- but it does it with humor 99 percent of the time, which makes it accessible to practically everyone. Remember it's a circus, and ultimately each "act" centers around that type of action. Some acts are more artful in their combining of circus feats and the sexual theme, and others have more of a distinct separation between the two. Nevertheless even when you are mostly watching the acrobatic art, the beauty and high production values of cirque du soleil are always there. Wonderful MC as well. I have only seen one or two Cirque du Soleil shows and have found they usually don't feature much speaking, so that was also fun.The costumes are over the top sensational, not in a "Beachblanket Babylon" way but in an artful fetishy way. Just lovely.Warning: I bought the CD at the gift shop after the show, thinking it was the actual music from the show - the salesperson specifically said as much. On the jacket it says , "Inspired by Zumanity" and that's really what it is. It's not the actual music from the show.
4	My best friend and I picked this show for our Vegas trip because you have to be over 18. We didn't want some little kid scream behind us - so naturally this was the show for us. Yes, there is nudity. It's an awesome show all around! Amazing what these people can do. Couldn't imagine picking a better show for my first Cirque du Soleil experience!
5	Zumanity was AMAZING! I had seen LOVE so I knew kind of what to expect from a Cirque du Soleil show but I didn't expect to like it as much as I did. It is VERY sensual and sex-oriented so don't go with people who you will feel awkward around when the naked chicks start to run around. The music and singing was beautiful and the stunts were amazing... it was on a much smaller scale than LOVE but I liked that because you were able to concentrate so fully on the one thing going on at a time. With LOVE there are like 10 things going on at once, in an auditorium that is 4 times as big! Zumanity completely holds its own and I think it is one of the more affordable Cirque shows right now. A great production.
3	I was really disappointed to see the show. It was way below expectations and way too over priced. It gets repititive a lot of times. If you buy cheap seats you end up standing a few times to checkout what is going on down there. Nothing amazing about this show. I would have bet my money on some other show or played slots with them. There is a lot of audience participation with plenty of embarassing moments to those participate. The girls in the bathtub are really flexible and put up a good show. thats about it. Peace.
4	this show is cool! hahah very sex and also funny. i fell asleep, i always do but other than that its pretty goood. i recommend to others.
5	There are very few things in life that I can say I would pay to see again, and Zumanity is one of those select few.  The show was  absolutely incredible....my wife and I loved every minute of it.  Zumanity is a MUST see show.   We've never been to a  Cirque show before and we were completely blown away.   We liked how they would get some of the audience members involved in everything.   The two girls in the waterbowl were sensual and fantastic.   I also liked the fact that they had a live band.  One bit of advice...do NOT sit in the very front row.   Honestly it puts you right next to the stage, and it doesn't allow you to see all the stuff that is going on in the background.  Also, don't sit up in the balcony as those aren't great seats either...plus the host will pick on you for being in the cheap seats...LOL.
4	This is not the most spectacular Cirque du Soleil show, nor was it the most sexy thing I have ever seen in my life, but they do some pretty amazing stuff.  After a while you kind of forget that the performers are practically naked because they have the most fit and crazy gymnast bodies and they don't even look like people.Overall it was a good time, but next time I see a show I would probably rather go to one of the bigger ones.
4	LOVED this show! After seeing Mystere over the 4th of July holiday I was not expecting much. I was very disappointed, but Zumanity peeked my interest. I was actually very impressed. It kept my attention the entire time - and my poor boyfriend couldn't seem to keep his mouth closed, especially when little miss hula hoop girl was on the stage workin her magic! LOL, That's okay, because I was very engaged when Mr. Chocolate Thunder came Rollin out and started flipn tricks in the tub...Lord how mercy! Now you know they were wrong for that. I highly recommend Zumanity.
4	My husband and I weren't sure what to expect when we got tickets to Zumanity, but we heard a lot of good things about this show from friends.  This show has a lot of sexuality and a little bit of comedy all rolled into one show.  The performers first come out to where the audiences are and they have quite a dirty and funny act which was hilarious and I was laughing so hard.  I don't recommend sitting in the front row unless you want to take the chance of them picking on you to ask you some intimate questions in front of everyone.  I didn't expect to get so much laughter out of this show but I did.
4	Great show!  Get in line when they open the doors so you can take pictures with the sexy performers before the show starts.   We had great seats.  Kind of in the middle.  The walkway was right in front of us.  That way no one has to squeeze in front of you to get in and out of their seats.   What did it for me?  Awesome abs!  Sexy bodies!
4	What an amazingly fun show!Edie, the hostess of the show was fun and kept the energy moving, along with all of the amazing performers. It's amazing to me that a show about all sorts of sensuality and sex would cause some of the audience to groan, when you're told specifically when you buy tickets what the show is all about. A scene with two men wrestling and kissing for just a moment brought groans from a couple of guys in the audience. Come on, folks. It's a show about sex and sensuality. Duh.  I bought tickets through Half-price tickets, which cost about $78 per ticket for really good seats. Worth the trip!
5	OMG!! What can I say that hasn't already been said about this show? Every moment of the show is as good as the first. Even the 15 minute pre-show is definitely worth catching.Let's get one thing straight though. This isn't your typical "artsy" Cirque du Soleil show. Zumanity explores the "sensual" and even "erotic" nature of humans and human behavior. Everything from homosexuality, fetishes, bondage, and so forth. If you don't have an open mind, I probably recommend that you do not watch this show. The show isn't all "sex" though. There are also comedic scenes that will keep you at the edge of your seat. If you plan on going to Las Vegas anytime soon, Cirque du Soleil's website has a promotion where if you buy 1 ticket you get the second for only $25.00. This promotion alone is a good enough reason to check out any one of the shows.
5	This show was absolutely amazing!! Hilarious, sexy, sensual, and so so enjoyable!I got tickets for myself and my man, and we had so much fun. The nudity is in no way raunchy, and there is a great variety of acrobatic acts and stunts. This show did not have your typical special effects of a regular cirque show, it was more of like a caberet type show. Comedy acts in between character acts were so funny they made me and my man cry! The french maids in the begining were the best! Do not attend this show if you are bashful or conservative, you won't have fun. But if you have an open mind, and a good sense of humor, you'll love the show! I recommend going with your sweetheart, or maybe a group of girlfriends, to get the most out of the show!
4	my husband & i went to vegas for the first time alone last month. THIS show was the main thing i was looking forward to. and, OMG did it deliver! it was sexy & hot & funny & awesome! there are all these vignettes about different fetishes. straight sex, gay sex, masterbation, light bondage, swingers, etc...and the finale is pretty hot too! the hostess is a hilarious cross dresser! there are these singers that are amazing! OH! and its really interactive if youre sitting at any of the floor seats! a few people get brought up to the stage! this is a great first cirque show. its not as big or theatrical as the others. i think thats why other reviewers were disappointed. that and theyre a little prudish. (if you are a bit on the prude side or have something against out of the ordinary sex, you may not wanna watch this show!) get there early so you can take pictures with the different performers. theyre all awesome!
5	I looooved this show. It was worth every penny. I'm probably not suppose to say this but throgh the summer they have by one ticket get the second for 25 dollars. All areas of seating.My favorite acts were the fishbowl and the bondage lady. The fishbowl was so delicate and sexy. I think people of all seualities would love it. It was a lesbian act but it was so pretty that it doesn't matter.  The bondage was sooo freakin' sexy.  (Don't judge me).The hosts were very funny and engaging. I love when people involve  the audience. The cast was so gorgeuous. Its a live band and live singers.  It was really intimate and well put toghether.At the end they pull a guy and girl from the audience and put them onstage. Of course the man was super excited. But they pulled those most shy, timid, weak woman up onstge.  They should have pulled me up there. they would have asked for a job application when I was done.
5	wow what a show!!  the show was so raw sexy and just nasty!!  i loved it.. i aint gonna lie it puts you in the mood for sure. great production as well... the sound was so seductive too
5	Even though I've seen this show before it was great the second time around.  There were things I didn't catch before and the audience interaction always makes it different so that's great.  This time I went w/ the bf and sat on close to the left side.  We were so close it was kind of hard to look at everyone but it felt cool seeing every muscle and expression from every performer.  He totally loved it not just 'cuz it was the "risque" aspect but just the total athleticism with everyone performing.  Costumes, jokes, every detail was great.  There's a great deal going on if you go on the NY NY website where it's a buy one get one free.  You can't choose your seat but you can choose the area you like to be in.
4	We had to see boobs in Vegas, and while this was a more expensive option, it was entertaining. The performers were great and the hula-hoop school girl amazed me. Very talented people, of course, but left expecting a little something more.
4	Finally got to see Zumanity. Had some funny sex humor(which I like) and boobs which I love.  It was pretty entertaining although there was this one part in the show where this woman was simulating an orgasm while on some black ropes(swings?). Even I thought that was knd of weird. No one knew when to even clap so everyone just clapped at the end of her skit. I did see one couple leave but whatever. Next on my list, Ka...
3	Tries too hard to be "sensual" over compensates with boobs burlesque show style.  The host was bad too.
5	Absolutely LOOOVED this show. The first Cirque show I had ever watched was O, so watching Zumanity was such a different experience. The seating area is small and cozy, but still very spacious. I loved the cute little couch seating around. The vibe of the whole show was great. I just loved how there was a lot of audience interaction. I love the fact that the creators of the show were able to take sex and express it in very beautiful and classy ways that people wouldn't normally expect. This show puts a great spin on nude dancing and makes it enjoyable to everyone in the audience. Great show. Tip: Don't go to the show if you're up tight or not an open-minded person.
5	5 Stars. Do I need to say more?I go to Cirque every other years when it strolls through San Francisco, so I am already a huge fan.Well Zumanity is something for the adults, which is a great change to the generally family oriented shows.  Bring your significant other or a group of good friends and you will surely have a blast.They really interact with the crowd so getting a seat on the ground floor, as opposed to the balcony (where we were) would be awesome.Definitely go to this if you love sex, bodies and great acrobatics.
5	I can't find the right words to describe this show. Its very entertaining and you will definitely have fun. It's sexy, raunchy, and overall awesome. Go see it now!!
4	soo good!!!!!!!!!! this is the 2nd cirque show i have seen and it did not disappoint! Not for the uptight or prude! :)
5	Yes, by far my most favorite show in Vegas.  Unlike other Cirque de Soleil shows, this one has tons of humor and engaged the audience.  They brought up a elementary school teacher who seemed so innocent to do and say some raunchy stuff...so hilarious.  Well worth the money and I wouldn't even mind going again...when the economy gets better and I can afford it.  LOVES IT!
2	I may be one of the only people on this planet that really did not enjoy this show at all. If I had honestly known what it was going to entail, I never would have gone. I know, I know...who doesnt like blantant public nudity? Im fun as they come but this just isnt my thing.The only part of it I found remotely entertaining was the Scotch Baggies girl and he skits. And even then, she pushed it a little too much for me at some point.One of our friends was absolutely dying to see this show and since you cant leave Vegas without seeing a show, this is the one we ended up with.I honestly dont think this should even be classified as a Cirque show. It was more of a dance show than acrobatics.The acrobatics that were done were completely repetitive and not that appealing.It was neither sensual, nor sexy for me at all. i would describe it more as sexual and advertise it as an expensive, public porn. (:It would have been a lot more sexy if it was just toned down a few notches:-The dancers could have worn pasties (as they all had hideous boobs to begin with) and I believe it still would have been appealing.-The 'touching' could have been more implied and less overt.-The girl with the ropes could be completely omitted. (:Just a little less in your face and a little more class.Im down to do a lot of things but I want those to stay where no one knows and I dont want to be privy to anyone elses. (:PS: I forgot to add that I was sitting by the biggest creeper of a dude who kept passing gas and leaning completely over into my chair. Was a very strange situation...
5	I got a chance to see this show last month with my girlfriend and I felt that it was the perfect close to a perfect day out. While many of the acts were familiar fare for anyone who has seen a couple of Cirque shows, the artistry, sensuality and eroticism really sets this show apart. While Cirque's Quidam (my other favorite show) has more of a coherent story which takes center stage, Zumanity is more of an exhibition and celebration of human intimacy and sexuality introduced and expressed through vignettes. My personal favorite act was the "Aerial Straps" routine... I'm sure that got your imagination stirring but trust me, you have no idea until you see it yourself. Another thing I loved were the hilarious and raunchy skits in between major acts carried out by the shows own "clowns" Izzy (think Pee-Wee Herman's Miss Yvonne with a huge libido), her husband Dick (a smarmy Lothario), Antonio (the epitome of a gigolo) and the Botero sisters (a pair of rotund twins with unabashed sexual appetites). Overall, I'm in the rare position where I can't actually find anything to complain about. Though, i suppose our seats could have been better. Oh well, next time I guess I'll just have to buy the tickets more than a week and a half in advance.
5	Definitely a sexy show! And surprisingly funny. The boyfriend and I went to celebrate his birthday and very much enjoyed the show. Zumanity encapsulates the insane Cirque gymnastics with an added bonus of vaudeville style comedy. There is even some audience involvement! Arrive early and you can take pictures with some of the Zumanity "creatures" roaming the theater entrance. Locals! Call the box office for local specials.
4	The show was pretty good, but I would of loved to see more of artistic/actrobatic moves. It had more sexual moves and humor. I liked most of the show. The beginning was a bit tacky and I did not care to see the audience get involved as much as they did. I guess I should of went to see "O" if I wanted all the artistic moves and less audience interaction. I got discount tickets for Zumanity and it was the only Cirque De Soleil show that was affordable enough for me. All in all if was a pretty good 1st show for us. I also enjoyed the live music very much. My husband really loved this show and all the interaction with the audience.
4	I think the show overall was a very exciting and entertaining experience. That being said, I also think it has some very tacky spots.All the performers are very talented and I enjoyed how each act had a focal point on one or a few performers. The host was a very good touch being a drag, but at the same time it seemed the show tried very hard to be sexual and only pulled off vulgar.Without ruining the show for new viewers: There are points where the host asks you to participate in making sexual sound effects as part of a fantasy and they also call people onto the stage and have them participate in some quite over the top acts. Dont get me wrong, I am a 28yr old male and love sex, but I think this show could have toned it down just a hair, and been much more sexy.All the performers and acts =  5Setting and atmosphere = 5Ticket pricing, 50% off for military = 5Sexual tact and vulgarity = 3If you want to see a great show in vegas, this is it. Just be prepared to feel uncomfortable at some point during the show.
5	I've come to love the Cirque du Soleil, and seeing an adult show that manages to be either humourous or tasteful the entire time is a delight.Not only is there great routines, but Cirque always has audience interaction.  There's some great moments from this, pre-show and throughout.It was sexy and surprising, intense and fun.  Do try sitting up front on the sofas.  Something about this mad, erotic display when you're on a sofa enjoying a cocktail adds to the experience. :)
5	Cirque du Soleil for adults.  It's a lot of fun and a lot of sexy.  Warning- do not buy lower orchestra seating unless you would like to be part of the show.
4	Interesting show, lots of slender athletic women with small boobs giving an entertainment performance.  I didn't enjoy all the ripped gay men floating around, but overall the show was pretty darn good.
5	An incredible Cirque-meets-cabaret show.  Not for everyone though.  If you're not open minded then don't even bother.  However, if you are, you will be in for a treat as Cirque's performers once again inspire and make you appreciate the beauty of the human body in motion while exploring themes involving various forms of sexuality.The theater is unique and absolutely gorgeous.  If you can, spring for the high back couch seats.
3	Ehhh.. It was okay.  I always wanted to see it but earlier in our trip we seen LOVE which was AWESOME! I guess I was expecting more! The pre-show was funny and def got me amp ted for more .. Then the spark kinda fizzled out. The fish bowl chicks were cool! Boob baggie lady was funny as was the heavier women's parts. The audience participation while good, made it feel like a Horny variety show. The theater was beautiful. Very small compared to LOVE's. That show just seemed perfect .. Over the top.. Left me amazed.  This.. Yeah.. While funny and kinda cool just left me like "Meh". Hubby liked it more though. If your in Vegas And can get discounted tickets.. Go. Id try for another show first though.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this show! I bought my tickets on orbitz and got two tickets in the second row for about $60 each. It started off really funny with the two twins and I absolutely loved the emcee. A few of the sketches were in my opinion a tiny bit sleezy, but it is a show about sex and it is Las Vegas, so I wasn't surprised. The waterbowl and the hand to hand and "Scotch Baggies" were my favorites but the others weren't too far behind. You definitely need to keep an open mind going into the show as there are a few parts that can be seen to some as controversal. Also if you are going with your significant other and they get picked to go on stage, don't get upset with whatever happens because it's just a show and now that I've warned you, you have no excuse to be mad. Also, the venue was a lot more cozy than the other shows so even from the 10th row up you can see everything (based on my friend's account who seen the show).Overall, performances were hot, the men were even hotter, everything about this show was great. I would definitely go again.
4	The bf & I saw Cirque's "Zumanity" (in the New York New York Hotel) last year, but our recent Vegas visit reminded me to write a review for it.The Sexy:The hot mens in the cageThe fish bowl actThe hoola hoop girl (yowza)The African Princess girlThe Campy:The "Scotch baggie lady"The drag queen host/hostessThe twins running around & feeding men strawberries at the beginning of the showThe show is (obviously) x-rated & for mature audiences only, but the sexy & hotness factor is unfortunately overshadowed by the corny/campy parts-those I could have done without. Fun, intense show with some audience participation-if you don't want to be picked on, don't sit in the front.
5	Awesome show! Very erotic and lots of nude! You must have a open mind to see this show! Highly recommended
2	It's really a "Hate it or Love it" type show I think. I would probably say for the first hour watching practically naked men and women jumping around would have been sufficient, but no they extended it with some guy bouncing around looking like a goat!
4	This was a last minute splurge because they had a deal on tickets, but I'm really glad we went. It was an excellent show. Warning though, there is nudity and the show is about sex. It's at the New York New York Hotel, and the theater is incredible. We sat in the very last row, and I still enjoyed it. But next time I'd go for it and get the "couples" seat up in the front row. There are some really incredible acts in this show. There's the typical campiness that's Cirque, but I found those parts to be pretty funny. Probably my favorite of the Cirque shows I've seen, and I've seen most of them. I definitely recommend it.
3	Toss up between 2 stars (because I have DEFINITELY experienced better Cirque shows) and 3 stars (because it was pretty A-OK as far as shows in general go).Obviously this show isn't for the shy, timid, or easily embarrassed. Luckily neither I nor my boyfriend fall into those categories. It was his first Cirque Du Soleil show and he seemed thoroughly impressed. Unfortunately for me, I've been to too many Cirque shows and was expecting a lot more from this.Most of the tricks seemed repetitive of other shows, except this time the costumes were very suggestive. Although when performers appeared to be naked, to the observant eye, you could often tell they were wearing mesh skin-tone body suits. This didn't detract from the show by any means though.I felt like there was too much "audience" participation, which ultimately turned lame. I remain skeptical about the veracity of these "randomly picked" audience members anyway. (My skepticism goes for all Cirque shows, not just Zumanity.)Not enough tricks, acts, performances, whatever you wanna call 'em! It was awesome to see such erotic and sensual performances but not-so-awesome when the sexy momentum is disturbed by the cheesy duo "Dick & Izzy". It felt like they were invading the stage every-other performance! I definitely could have done with less "humor" and more fascinating performances. Plus, maybe it was just me, but Zumanity seemed much shorter than the other Cirque shows I've been to!?The parts I did like were the Waterbowl act, the schoolgirl w/ hoops, the girls getting the guys away from the tv, and the Midnight Bath act.Side notes:The box office ladies were very pleasant, as were the ushers in their little "nudie" shirt-dresses!
4	All I can say is WOW!! I have never seen so many fit people in one place. The acrobatics and dance were awesome!! Great music and great entertainment.. The only thing if you sit near the front your going to be pulled on stage.. Scarey I think I would faint. Otherwise you have to check this out.
4	I loved it!
4	Ok, expected risque. Probably shouldn't have bought front row seats to this particular show if I was going to it with my entire office. Or maybe shouldn't have arrived early. Maybe then I wouldn't have had the guy that interacts with the audience before the show shoving his crotch in my face, but that's what happened. Not for the easily embarrassed but I still liked it. It can be very intimate at times and there is nudity.
1	Worst Cirque show I've ever seen.  The fishbowl act that comes first and is featured on all the posters is the best part of the show.  Everything else was a bore.  All the other acts seem like  the performer wasn't good enough for regular cirque.   But, if you take your top off and show your boobs you are welcome to showcase your substandard performance in Naked Cirque--Zumanity. You might like this if you find man in drag risque, but there are two transvestites in my community college tennis course.  Both are classier and funnier than the hostess of this show and they both have hotter legs.
3	Average.  Many acts are very repetitive.  The sense of humor tends towards the juvenile and obvious.The theater is small so all the seats should be good.  In fact, if you're in the balcony you should be safe from being pulled onto the stage and made to do things that may amuse or traumatize you.
1	Eh, pass.Even the boobage wasn't enough to save this Cirque show from being a complete bore.
2	I wonder if all the cuts they are making in Vegas to stay profitable are also affecting the shows. This is the least impressive Cirque show and not worth the ticket price. Also, compared to similar "sexy" shows in Europe, this is MILD! It's all like a glorified cabaret show, with some artsy fartsy thrown in: rip-off. I agree the best act was the water-bowl asian lesbian piece. As a gay man, I would have liked at least a hint of man on man action.
2	Meh. I've seen better shows. I think my problem was that we went to this show after experiencing the amazingness that was LOVE, another Cirque show about the Beatles.This show just seemed tacky and too camp for my tastes. I wish there would have been more coordinated acrobatics, which is what I expected. It was like they thought they got a free pass for mediocrity because there was boobs.
5	Loosen up Urself, don't be so serious then U will enjoy Zumanity to the fullest!I had some good laugh and wonderful time watching the show. ^_^
2	I couldn't help but feel that they used the whole sex theme as an excuse to provide underwhelming acrobatics.  It was almost as if the planners said "We're showing them tits, damn it!  We don't need to do anything else!"  So, the details: - The "champagne glass" was probably the best act - The other acts were really dull and I could easily have fallen asleep, but I kept myself awake just so I could be able to properly criticize the show on Yelp - The whole thing seemed poorly thought out and planned.  Rather than having a normal conclusion, the MC actually comes out and tells the crowd that the show is coming to an end. In the end, it's easily the worst Cirque du Soleil show I've seen in Las Vegas.  Highly not recommended.
4	I enjoyed this show. I agree that some of the routines were similiar but still incredible. I saw some complaints about the humor being too campy. It's got to be dificult to find things that will be funny to most and offend as few as possible. I thought it was funny and sexy. It may be geared a little more toward men but that's typical. We sat in section 101. If I get a chance to go again, I would get section 102, 103, 203 or 303.
5	This was my favorite Cirque deu Soleil in all of Vegas.  Zumanity is different than most of the shows because it doesn't have as much acrobatics and is more performance.  Having said that the performers are still outstanding and the feats amazing.  Beware if you sit near the front because there is plenty of audience interaction.Yes there is nudity and yes it can be raunchy but that is what makes it fun.  If you are the least bit up tight about such just stay away because the show is meant to be light-hearted.  I promise you will be highly entertained. ;-)
5	This was such a great show. Funny and very sexy. For adults only. I sat in the third row from the stage so I got a great view of the acrobats that's swinging around. They interact with the audience. But it's all fun! I plan to see more cirque de solei shows when I get back to vegas.
2	Note: I received comped tickets to the Zumanity show.Whoa! Zumanity brought the sexy back into Cirque du Soleil. It's not like it needed it but this show was specifically for a Las Vegas production. Adults only (seriously).This is one show where you don't want to be in the front seats. Be prepared to go on stage and show the world what you're made of (or lack of).I'm sorta glad I didn't pay for tickets for this show. It was a bit raunchy for my taste.
5	This was my first Cirque show, and boy! it did not disappoint. I'm perfectly ok with the eroticism of Zumanity (and I have seen far more risque shows in San Francisco). What I found most pleasing was the humor throughout the production. My faves? The fishbowl number with the underwater acrobatics of two women, and the tub scene with the girl and guy. I also like the audience participation bits... wonder if I can talk hubby into sitting down front, next time. hehehe.Um, totally lost my train of thought there. hehehe. Anyhoo...it was a fabulous show-- for adults. I would definitely choose Zumanity over the skin shows on the Strip-- there was a vitality to Zumanity that is lacking in the other shows where the performers seemed quite bored.  I was quite awed by the athleticism of the performers-- and I'm a former bendy girl!Overall, a fantastic, steamy show.
5	Recommend it. Made me horny, enjoyed the performances and the hot chicks, appreciated the sensuality, what else is there? It's Vegas and if you're a couple mos def something good to wet the appetite, if you're into that like me. =P Our seats were at the front row but on the left side of the stage. Nice views that were closeup and intimate, but I've heard it's better to sit in the middle and further back to see the full scope of the stage. I dunno about that but I enjoyed the close up view myself. Pricey but worth it, afterall it's Vegas baby!
1	Cirque du Soleil has some great shows, and then there's Zumanity.  I hate this show.  I don't like negative rants, so I'll keep this short.1. It's not sexy, sensual, outlandishly delicious-- it's raunchy.  And not the good kind.  It's contrived and brown bag.  Why would I spend $160 to see grown adults make jokes I haven't heard since 6th grade?  I felt dirty after watching.  And not the good dirty.2. If you enjoy the sensual human body, athletes probably don't have the curves that you are looking for.  The costumes also do things you don't prefer.3. I don't like being lied to.  I believe that theatre should be about truth.  There is a "magic moment" where an older couple is pulled out of the audience, do a romantic dance, and make us believe in love again.  It's not real.  The couple is a plant.4. No narrative.  It's just contrived and soulless from top to bottom.The only people that I know who have liked this show are the folks that have never seen a Cirque show before (they just don't know what they're missing).
4	HOT!! I'd never been to Cirque show before, so I had nothing to compare it to as far as acrobatics and whatnot, but Zumanity was sexy, sensual, beautiful, rauchy and hilarious in all the right places.  The water bowl scene was beautiful, and the bathtub scene with the milk almost gave me fits (did you see that man's BODY?). Zumanity was a great inauguration into Cirque.  I loved that it was completely indulgent, unabashed, and uninhibited.  Maybe I have simple tastes, but who doesn't love to watch hot bodies writhe and gyrate on stage?
4	This was my second Cirque Du Soleil show and I will keep going to them.  I am always so amazed by the set, lighting, acrobatics, costumes, etc.  The last one I went to was Cirque Du Soleil- La Reve which was amazing- very serious and romantic tho. This show was def not that. I was intrigued by the whole sensual aspect of it.  I def believe.  One set that completely stood out to me was when these two topless women in g-strings that were in a see through bathtub.  They were wooshing and sliding and being all bendy.  Super hot. Their was a lot of comedic intermission as well with forced audience participation. haha.  It was pure comedy when they pulled people from the audience to do lewd acts. I loved it!  I won't elaborate anymore to spoil the show for any of you reading this but I say go watch it.  Its very entertaining and completely different from the other shows.  Also check on the NYNY website first before buying in other places.  I happened to get a promo code that made it 70 bucks each which I thought was a major steal!  I had mid level seats.. right behind orchestra but not balcony level.  Its intimate in the theater- I can't imagine there being a bad seat.
5	This Cirque show is for grown ups only. I absolutely love it and have seen it twice. And, I want to see it again and again. If you love risque humor and enjoy being entertained by sexy performers, you must go see Zumanity. This show relies less on lighting, makeup and costumes and more on personality, excitement and sensuality. This isn't a first date kind of show, but is a must-see for couples wishing to add a bit of spark to their regular date night.
3	Zumanity was my third Cirque Du Soleil show. Going into the show, I wasn't very excited because we initially wanted O or Le Reve but shows were sold out for the night so we settled on Zumanity. I was pretty excited for a new, "sensual," side of CDS.  This is not a show for ultra conservative folks who aren't open to certain lifestyles or crude humor. If you aren't going to be open to audience involvement, don't pay extra for the plush couch seating - you know you'll get picked on!  Then, I saw a group of 4 guys leave halfway through, the Peep Show is located in Planet Hollywood, boys!Onto the show. Some acts definitely stood out like the two topless girls in the large fish tank - it was hot - and the last act with the guy and girl in the bath tub.  My goodness, she was riding that tub then he poured milk on her!  Anyway, some acts like the girl and her bondage was way too weird. Don't get me wrong, nothing made me feel like uncomfortable like some other folks, but I don't know how else to describe it except for weird!  The MC, the storyline and audience involvement were all hilarious.  That was the best part of the show for me.  In the end, my boyfriend and I did enjoy it; not the best show I've seen but it was a fun experience together.We got our tickets through NYNY and mentioned there was a promo online so she gave us discounted tickets for $68 I believe. She described it as being dead center but failed to mention the seats were stools behind the last row in orchestra. Granted, even the tallest guy in theater couldn't have blocked my view but it was a tad uncomfortable.
4	Sensual may not be the right word to describe this show. Maybe "a dirty side of Cirque Du Soleil" or "a slutty side..." Anyways, you're warned when you buy your tickets that it contains sexual content. This was my fourth installment of a Cirque Du Soleil show and it was cool to see something like this. It was definitely sexy. Nudity is a definite theme but it's somehow done tastefully in my opinion. They had some S&M themed acts which may be a bit kinky for some, but I think for the younger crowd is entertaining. The comedy relief from the actors are hilarious. If you're a conservative type who would get offended by the most crude of sexual innuendos and jokes, save your money and go to another show. But if you're looking for a good time and a real Las Vegas sensual show, this is a great time.
4	I really enjoyed my Zumanity experience. Yes, the show is raunchy (jokes mostly), but the athletes were genuinely spectacular to watch. I thought the nudity was pretty mild (no male full frontal) and nothing you wouldn't see on any European variety show. Basically Zumanity was going for a burlesque feel, a little raunchy, a little naughty, big costumes and characters and some sexiness thrown in. I was entertained the whole time, audience plants or not, and I'd hope people go a see this cirque twist on an adult show.
4	I haven't seen a show in Vegas in awhile.  Came here this past week to celebrate my bf birthday and he wanted to see Santana, but of course I screwed up and his show got sold out the day of his birthday and he wanted to see Zumanity instead. I ended up purchasing our tickets through Vegas.com and got an excellent price for our tickets.  We payed the balcony price for orchestra seats.   We sat in the first row right behind the love seats.  If you're open minded and you're willing to see a sensual show, Zumanity was AWESOME!!
4	We thought we would see this show since it was more on the 'adult' side than the other shows, and it was reasonably priced compared to the other Cirque shows in Vegas. (And, FYI if you do go to Vegas to see these shows, never buy your tickets online, you should buy them a few days before or the day of the show at Tix 4 Tonight, which is located at various hotels in Vegas and offers significant discounts on all the popular shows). Just had to throw out a quick plug... Zumanity was a very tasteful, artistic and colorful show with lots of sexuality to go around. Although everyone was prancing around topless and half naked for most of the show, you almost forget that they are not wearing clothes because you are so focused on the incredible things that they are doing with their bodies. A few of the highlights for us were the two girls in the fishbowl who were doing this very intense routine in the water, and the fabio looking guy who does this strip tease and gets completely naked (but is surrounded by women so you don't see his pee-pee). It was just a fun show all around, and there was also a comedic relief type of duo that opened the show and would do silly skits in between the performances. I probably could have done without that and had more performances, but it was a nice touch and it was pretty entertaining. If you are thinking about sitting in the front few rows, just be aware that they do pull a few people up and embarrass you quite a bit, so either have a good sense of humor and sit up there, or buy the cheap seats and sit in the balcony!  All in all though, it was very impressive and left us wanting to come back to Las Vegas so that we can see all of the other Cirque shows too!
2	Meh, this show was only okay. It was my first Cirque show and I was expecting a lot of amazing acrobatics but instead there were only a few acrobatics and a few really random bits of nakedness. I think that was the strangest part of it. Some of it was just unnecessary from my point of view. The host(ess) was quite good and amusing, so at least that part of the show was enjoyable. There was quite a bit of audience participation, which amusing to watch since it was always mildly embarrassing for those picked. Of course, the people they picked were always good sports, so that made it better.If you want to see a burlesque type show in Vegas, I guess this would be a good one to watch. If you want to see a Cirque show with amazing acrobatics, I would recommend something else, like Ka.
5	Great show, cheaper than the other Cirque du Soleil at Vegas and a lot of fun. Show is not for children or anyone under the age of 18. Show has a lot of crowd interaction and you must have an open mind. We laughed the entire 90 minutes. The end of the show was wild. Sit up front and you will be messed with and pulled on stage.
3	This would definitely not be my first choice of Cirque shows to watch. I've watched plenty of Cirque shows in Vegas and the traveling shows, most of which I loved. Parts of Zumanity reminded me of being at a Chippendale's or a strip club. There were a few amazing acrobatics, but a lot of topless dancing. There were a few acts that I did enjoy- the fish bowl and the tub scene. But there were also others that I just found strange. Overall- I would suggest to skip this show and just watch another Cirque show in Vegas.
4	This is not the usual Cirque Du Soleil so I don't recommend it for first timers who are wanting all the daring big acrobatics and such. Go see KA, O or go to Le Reve (Not a Cirque but done by Dragone, who created many of the Cirques).If a sexy show isn't your cup of tea, if you're conservative to various sexual lifestyles and crude humor  again- skip on this. I you do want to just have fun, see something lighthearted and sexy then get some tickets. The whole point of this Cirque is to break from that typical cirque style and have fun. Even they explain that on the sites show concept. I had to separate in lumping this together as a Cirque fan or I'd probably set myself up for being disappointed if I held a belief that this was going to be much like the rest.The dirty jokes- not the most creative but still its all in simple silly fun. Lots of silly campy stuff too. I also enjoyed the dragqueen emcee's energy and the live band is awesome! We're music people and they play well and are the better of the bands that do the Cirques. This has lots of audience participation and most participations are very sexual so if you are shy don't sit downstairs near the front- they will mess with you! I watched with my parents, my fun aunt from Cali and a conservative uncle visiting from Florida and my boyfriend of course. Awkward company right? Still fun since my parents and aunt can laugh so its all good but this is normally not a place for family. I think my uncle was too shocked to comment except for "so this is Vegas, huh? Wow. I uhm didnt know that was like that. " I think it wasn't his kind of show, but he decided to tag along with us.  I think its great for the special promo price we got for our tickets, but I dont know if I would pay full price even though I  had fun. It's hit/miss, love/hate kind of show so if you're on the fence about how you'd like it I'd probably recommend to wait for a ticket special too. Great bachelorette party show or fun date night. Overall it was a fun time for me and am glad I went to see it.UPDATE: A note for people who think everyone is a plant/ a backstage worker posing as a guest. I talked to a friend about this and apparently at another show (not Zumanity or a Cirque even), they were sitting near the front where its easy for performers to grab you. When she went to willcall they flagged her down and asked her to look at a paper that she had to sign if she wants to participate or not in the show. It was at random they pick people in the general area fitting the description of what they need (old couple, young girl, etc) . I think it makes sense for the nature of the show if you're a sexual target or are gonna get roasted in front of everyone to ask your permission first. I cant confirm if this is how this particular show works, but it makes sense. Many people repeat shows and I doubt they can provide that many plants to cycle throughout the year to not get caught. All the shows I've seen a few times all had different people each night and I've seen some shows upwards of 5-10 times. Also just because you didn't get picked for that doesn't mean they wont accost you in the front as they pass you by.  I've seen random people get groped coming into the theater and people just sitting down touched or offered strawberries to eat from performers.Have fun and stay sexy!
5	This show was FANTASTIC! The performers were all pretty hot, the acrobatics were amazing, and the show was actually really funny. It will be hard for me to go to Vegas and not see this show. Watch it with an open mind.
4	4 STARS for......First time watching a Cirque Du Soleil show!First time watching a Vegas show!First time in Vegas period!First time enjoying such an entertaining show with booby grabbing!First time seeing a unique and hilarious raunchy & sexy show!First time watching such sexual content with my PARENTS!( I didn't really know what my parents bought tickets for or else I would of prepared myself beforehand... ) sigh.Definitely one of my top picks for Cirque show for originality!  A different atmosphere from your other similar shows on the strip!
5	I absolutely loved Zumanity for its risque performance. My mind is naturally in the gutter and Zumanity only nurtured it more. It was so entertaining. Sexually oriented with the performers contorting into lovely positions, people making out, and everyone performing like one giant orgy. Okay so it was raunchy but still classy and humorous. At that time I bought tickets for the Duo Sofa and I was with a couple of my friends. Totally comfortable, loved the drinks, and the hot bods. One of my most memorable shows! I dug it a alot!
2	I've watched other Cirque du Soliel shows and this was the worst one I've seen.  I don't mind the raunchy sexual content but the show itself was not entertaining at all.  The performance were unimpressive other than lot of grabbing and sexually charged acts.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Go watch the O' or Jubilee.  It's much more entertaining.
5	The performance of Zummanity Show left me feeling a little sensual....perfect to take your romantic partner.'Very sexy and riveting!
2	I have seen a few Cirque shows and i was not really all that impressed with this particular show. Tired old sexual jokes and gags. I have seen and heard all this stuff many times many places before. I really did not like the skit about the Instant implants made with whiskey. Really dumb. Yawn. Not hot! . Not much of anything. The entire show was sort of flat.(in more ways than one)  I did like the water ballet in the huge glass at the beginning of the show, but it was downhill from there. This show has lots of talent and potential, but it is wasted by lack of creativity. It seems like they did a Slam Bam, lets put a show together quickly.much better Cirque shows in Vegas than this one....would not repeat , zzzzzz, caught myself  fake laughing and then yawning. good thing they did not get me up on stage for anything or i would have used the time to fall asleep. After seeing Bon Jovi concert the night before this was a bore.
3	This show is not for everyone.  It is a strip club with acrobats.  Would recommend for couples.  I enjoyed it, but not my fav Cirque.
4	Loved the show.  Bought tickets just two hours before the show started for $56 and it was worth it.  Sure, I was sitting pretty far away in the balcony area with my pledge sister, but I still had a decent view of everything that was happening on stage.  I actually didn't mind sitting in the balcony area -- as I would have been probably too chicken to be pulled to go on stage.  The live audience participation was a comedic surprise and definitely had it's highlights.Overall the show was entertaining, even though at times, it was a little too raunchy for my taste.  Definitely would recommend.
5	Awesome. Stunning. Beautiful. Steamy. Sensual.An exploration in sexuality and eroticism. Warning: homosexuality is celebrated along with other risque topics (S&M, bondage, etc). If you're a couple looking for a great time, try to get the sofa seats. The performers will choose some of you to be a part of the show. So if you're no extrovert avoid these seats.
4	There are only two requirements for one to enjoy Zumanity: an open mind & the ability to appreciate moving art. If you were planning on going to a cabaret in Vegas........ this is better, IMHO. A bunch of attractive people doing incredible things = WIN. However, if you're looking for a traditional Cirque du Soleil, that's not what you'll get with Zumanity. Still, it's the best burlesque show I've ever seen - 10x better than Moulin Rouge in Paris.P.S. We somehow managed to buy 2 front-row tickets at $69.50 - FUN! (Ask me how if you're going and are booking in advance..)__________________________________________If I could do it all over again, I'd save the best for last and do it in the following order: 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - Haven't seen Elvis or Believe, but I'd bet they'd go well either before/after Love.
4	One of the shows we saw in Vegas with Zumanity, having never seen a Cirque du Soleil show live this was sure a good start! We sat right up on the stage, this small arena in 'New York New York'  doesn't seem to have a bad seat in it. We thought we were to close, we might have missed some of the show due to being to close. The show itself is adult in content, but not offensive or anything like that. Its fun, funny, and very full of awe factor. I think when we return to Vegas this show is on the list of see again.
4	Everyone that is in this show is gorgeous! It's a sophisticated adult show that I highly recommend to any Cirque fan! I was torn seeing Zumanity or Criss Angel's Believe show, and glad that the hubby and I chose this one. Every seat in the house is a great seat... of course the closer you sit near the front, the more of a chance you might get chosen to help with the acts. We made sure we made "no eye contact" lol! The hubby loved this show more than I did because of the obvious female nudity, but I enjoyed it as well, everything was tastefully done!
5	SEXY! SEXY! SEXY! I love Cirque.... but don't be fooled this is nothing like any Cirque show out there.. I really feel they just wanted the Cirque du Soleil name on the show, but hey it worked and is hot. I really enjoyed myself and highly recommend the show if your not a prude and know how to enjoy your sexual side.They have a fantastic mix of drinks in the theater bar with excellent bartenders.. I highly suggest grabbing a drink before the show cause every classy person should have a martini on them at all times.I can't wait to see it again.
3	I agree with Teri C. The silly side shows were entertaining, but not what I had thought. Also, boobs.
3	This is a topless show.  Thought it would um "put me in the mood" but definitely was not up to my expectations. Not enough acrobatic like the usual cirque du soleil shows.  Some parts were funny but not hilarious.  The theater is actually really small.  Our sides were close to the stage but it was on the side and most of the time I couldn't really see what was going on since the performers faced the center of the stage.Overrall just a lot of boobies.  Men were not that Hot.  I was not impressed and I really don't like Fabio looking guys with long hair. Ick!
3	since O was my first show, i only had that to compare it to. this is not that great compared to O. DAMN.....i thought this would get the juices flowing, but definitely didn't. their catch phrase is "the sensual side of cirque du soleil" so i definitely was expecting more but then again they used the word "sensual" and not "sexual". i saw topless girls, but that's not what i wanted to see! MEN, you should drop those tights.
4	BOOBS .. that is all this show is about .. lol, well not really... they do show a lot of boobs though ... just a warning.Zumanity was hilarious.  Yes it's not as acrobatic as O or Ka (which I have seen so I can compare) but it's entertaining.  I was laughing for about 70% of the show.  If you go in having low expectations, you come out smiling and happy that you gave it a chance.On an entertainment scale I rate the Cirque shows that I have seen as the following:1. LOVE2. Zumanity3. O4. KA
1	I'm not really sure If i saw a different show than everyone else did but this show was terrible. The performances were really  basic as compared to other Cirque shows I've seen. And I guess I was expecting something more artful. But instead it was trashy, crude, and not at all sexy. I think they missed the memo about what makes something sexy. But singing about "masturbating" , fencing with dildos, spraying silly string to look like a guy is cuming, and asking to audience to moan out loud with the host... lame. not sexy. not edgy. not interesting. Be Better, Cirque.
4	My general viewpoint is that these cirque shows are poor value for $ if you're paying full price for tickets but having said that I enjoyed this show a lot more than others I have seen on the strip. In order from least liked to best: Beatles Love, Blue Man Group, Ka, Zumanity and I've yet to see O.There's a good mix of acrobatic stunts, comedy and eye candy (for guys and girls) and the show kept me entertained or laughing for the whole 2hours...unlike some others where I found myself bored for long stretches. The theatre was maybe 65% full for the Tuesday 10.30 show we went to, so I imagine it's possible to get some good discounts on this one right now.
4	3.5 starsZumanity was my first Cirque du Soleil show, and I went in with an open mind and high expectations.  From all the hype and previews of other shows, I'm fairly certain I would have been less happy with Zumanity had I seen another Cirque show before.The acrobatics/contortions/basically what you'd expect from CdS were impressive, but didn't necessarily have that "wow" factor.  I've gone to see Bite, which had the same swing-from-a-rope acrobat thing, and was more impressed with the Bite acrobats (though it is important to note that is where the similarities between Bite and Cirque du Soleil end...).  I kept waiting to flip out and go "OMG HOW DID THEY DO THAT" but all that ran through my head was "that was cool."There were bits of [naughty adult] humor interspersed, but even though it fit with the general theme (sex) of the show, I didn't think it meshed well.  The skits were all boobie humor (hilarious), while the show had a much more serious feel.  Also, there is one segment of the show where I was uncomfortable because I thought the acrobat was simulating committing suicide.  Evidently, it was erotic asphyxiation, and it culminated in her orgasm, not death (as I had thought).  So just a heads up...I think Zumanity is best for those who have seen the "WOW" moments in other CdS shows, but leave your more conservative sensibilities at home....
4	Just wanted to update after I saw O last night...actually thought Zumanity was better which was surprising considering how everyone raves about O. I think especially on a $ vs $ basis Zumanity is better value...
2	What a disappointment!I had been to several different Cirque Du Soleil shows and i must say thoroughly enjoyed most of them. This was a very watered down version of Cirque Du Soleil. It had a couple of pieces that were sexy, but many pieces that were irrelevant. For instance they had a ten minute piece where a dwarf comes out on stage and does tricks with a white sheet hanging down from the top, he would float over a small section of the audience. You could hear a pin drop, What does this have to do with Cirque Du Soleil or how is that sexy enough for Zumanity?There were some good comic relief bits that were actually quite funny. All in all, I wouldn't go to see this one again, but don't take my word for it, go see it for yourself. You just might like it.
4	Zumanity has turned out to be my favorite Cirque  show here in town mainly because, as a rule, I'm quite a fan of cabaret style shows but what really attracts me to Zumanity is both it's personality and it accessibility.If you believe that Cirque du Soleil is "supposed to be a certain way", then this show might disappoint you, but if you recognize the truest nature of Cirque, then you recognize that they are constantly looking to create something they HAVEN'T done before, rather than re-create from some Cirque "formula".(To that end I will not compare it to anything rather just distinguish what I feel are relevant qualities about the experience)In my opinion, what makes Zumanity stand out isn't the fact that the performers are doing incredible things, but rather they are just BEING incredible by way of showcasing their diversity.Stereotypes are turned upside down as Zumanity cleverly challenges the normal conventions of a cabaret styled show.Here you find a leading man who has all the brawn you might expect, however,  this Adonis is barely 3 feet tall.The sexy twins that entice you to "take a bite", just so happen to be a beautifully rotund duo armed with fresh strawberries.Here, the notion of showgirls has been replaced by a pair of plumed behemoths whose bodies are as much the costumes as the ornate headresses and codpieces they wear.It is a show that allows you to fantasize without guilt and enjoy the sensuality and sexuality inherent in us all.Androgyny runs rampant in this production while the conventions of gender sufficiently balance out the overall sense of diverse human expression.In all fairness, i do believe that Mystere is THE quintessential "gateway" to Cirque du Soleil, but it is the artistry, musicianship and humor of Zumanity that has made it my number 1 recommendation to people who ask about which show they should see.True, Zumanity is not big on spectacle but it's all heart...and strawberries.  Now, you can't get THAT everywhere.
4	I enjoy entertainment of all kinds. I am not a prude.  I have the occasional freak out when someone runs up to me a roars...but I see it as keeping me engaged rather than annoying.If you gravitate to the same philosophy, then you will appreciate Zumanity.  The preshow definitely serves as an appetizer for what you are about to see. Is it a woman, are those her boobs, OMG.   Yeah, it's very interactive.  I enjoy acrobatics and have seen my fair share.  I was looking forward to something new, something adult, something different. The girls in the water were erotic. Mr. Macho was a little too feminine for me.  The duel, well I saw that one coming.   Like others have said, there is more titillation for the male species.  It's not the most daring Cirque Show, but I left entertained and happy.  I love all celebrations of love and even met a guy that was there with his dad.  Too funny, right? The MC is perfect and the comedy borderline funny and space filler.  If you want to see some boobs and thrusts, head to the Olympic Gardens. If you want to see some daring artistry with an adult connotation from Cirque, head to Zumanity.  You never know what it could lead to next...wink wink.
3	Good show to see with a date. It is sensual and entertaining, but it didn't blow my mind. I am not a big Cirque groupie, but if you enjoy sensuality and physicality combined with nice lighting, then go see this show. IMHO, worth seeing if you can get discounted or comped tickets, but I would not pay full price.  The theater is designed so that nearly every seat has a good view of the action.
4	Definitely an impressive show. It does not compare to the permanent shows in Las Vegas (see Mystere! similar plot line too) but they do a good job with what they have available.
3	This definitely isn't the best Cirque du Soleil show I've seen...  I watched this a few years ago, so I'm not sure if they have changed it (I doubt it).  I loved the concept of potraying love in a sensual & artistic way, but it just didn't wow me like the other shows.
4	My very first Cirque du Soleil show. And I was impressed. I have heard the others have more acrobatics and sometimes even a plot but this one was more about sensuality and sexuality. You definitely have to have an open mind  to enjoy the show. They included audience members which is funny if they play along. Each of the acts are very different ranging from... well, they basically have it all.I was impressed and appreciated the artistic side of it as well but go with someone you can ravish later that night, because you most likely will be in "the mood".
4	I  saw this show couple of weeks ago and i was very entertained. Me and my boyfriend got free tickets so i was even more thriled:DI knew the production wasn't going to be as big compared to the other Cirque shows that i've seen, but i don't think i got bored at any parts at all. I loved how the entertainers interacted with the audiences and how they had the two big ladies walking around making a fool of themselves before the show lol. They have different acts that rely on art, dance,acrobatics, sex, and comedy.Almost every woman performing on stage was topless and if that makes you uncomfortable then this is probably not the show for you.  But I really enjoyed many parts of this show and it really taps into people's sexual desires.If you get a chance go see it!
5	I've often wondered what the ads meant when they say that Zumanity is created for adult guests. Sure, breasts, but what else? I found out that breasts, combined with acrobatic acts, humor, sexuality, audience participation, a fun host, two fun sidekicks, more breasts, and very strong drinks at the bar make for a great show. It's not as circus-y as you might expect a CDS show to be. This show definitely leans towards the sexual side of things. You can see two topless women swim around in a giant fishbowl together down at the local dive joint on college nights, but CDS takes that and adds not only acrobatics but a sensual vibe to it. Not a single bad seat in the house. Make sure you are comfortable with sexual themes, acts, and nudity. Also, breasts.
3	3.5 starsIf you are comfortable with sex and sexuality, this show is for you! Lets not forget all the gorgeous bodies that will be displayed on stage, be prepared to be jealisssss and hit the gym hoping to look like them.As you are in your chair waiting for the show to start, you will hear soft moaning in the background, prepping your body for the experience. The preshow introduces you to some of the characters that you will see later on stage, it's pretty funny.  If you sit in the front, there are chances you will get touched, slightly molested, or if you're lucky, head burried in between giant boobies, YAY BOOBIES!The show itself was very sexual yet artistic. It did not get a higher rating from me (as much as I want to give it) b/c I think there's too much acrobatics.  The technicality level of the acts are not as high as other Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen.  The humorous acts were no doubt FUNNY! which involves audience participation...but I want to see more amazing acts =ILadies, there is one male strip act so prepare yourself :)
4	VERY SEXY SHOW! Very Vegas! Talented performances. A must see with your hubby, partner, or boyfriend. Its got something for everyone if you know what I mean, and it definitely gets you in the mood to have some dirty fun ;o)
5	I absolutely LOVED this show. The theatre is small and intimate and we had awesome seats. We were sitting in the second section, the first row along the walkway and it was awesome because the performers before the show were walking up and down the walkway literally right in front of us. In fact one a few them even stopped and bothered my boyfriend. It was pretty funny. The pre-show was hilarious. Antonio and the bigger ladies were so funny and I knew we were in for a great show.Some highlights were the hula hoop girl, the 2 topless girls in the martinin glass full of water and the scotch boobs. I definitely recommend this show and those who say otherwise don't know what they're talking about. It was funny and sexual and full of talent. Next time we're in Vegas I'm seeing it again ;) Just don't sit in the front if you're shy.
4	Beware - Lots of boobies and abs! Haha. I had a good time watching this show. I really enjoyed the hoola hoop girl, the gymansts swimming in the bowl, and the little person doing the ribbons. The show was pretty entertaining, especially when the audience members were involved during the show. My hubby and I were late, and missed the pre-show and the first couple of acts, but we had a good time. Our seats were not bad, even though we sat towards the back of the auditorium.
3	3.5 starsThe show was good, but not great. The show was probably the most similar to Mystere, in that it focused more on the individual talents of the performers more than on extremely high production values like other CdS shows. The performances were exciting and impressive. I'm just not sure if the idea of it mixing with sexuality works... Maybe this would turn on couples more than a group of friends going. My favorite act was probably the 2 girls in the fishbowl. Some of the audience participation acts were hilarious, while some just seemed boring time fillers. You'll see boobs, strap-ons, dildos, g-strings (on males) through the show... don't say we didn't warn you.The venue is pretty intimate, so no real bad seats compared to other Cirque shoes. Chill out in the lobby pre-show and you can take pictures with some of the hot performers. My current rankings of Cirque du Soleil-like shows seen in Vegas would probably be:1. Mystere (best value)2. KA (actual story line)3. O (close to KA, but damn expensive)4 & 5. Toss up between La Reve and Zumanity.Up next: LOVE!TIP: Careful if you're sitting in the first row of the 2nd section (where the walkway is). IF you decide to make eye contact with the performers walking up and down the walkway pre-show, they might decide to come up to you and violate you, like it happened to me. Haha... j/k sorta...
4	I'm not a great fan of Cirque du Soleil and this show is basically Naked C du S. Having said that it was entertaining and enjoyable. Probably the kind of grown up show that you should see once in your life.If you are shy don't get seats at the front of the theatre.
5	Low Expectations.Other than Elvis at Aria, this was the last Cirque du Soleil show left that I had yet to see.  As the title states, I had very low expectations for this one, but I've waited so long listening to the hype, or lack thereof, from other people who've attended that I thought it time for me to experience the adult flavor of Cirque du Soleil for myself.  Suffice it to say, I was extremely pleased with spending my hard earned cheddar on this show.Overview - This whole production is very well done.  I really don't know where they find all of these talented people but it is an extremely impressive feat they have accomplished.  There is a little bit of everything in this show and I think that's what made me like it so much.  There is singing, dancing, acrobatics, sensuality, crowd interaction and participation and of course, most importantly, breasts.  Beautifully perky and flawless breasts.Cast - These people are downright beautiful, talented with deft skills.  They would cater to everyone's taste.  They have gorgeous women, good looking guys (for the ladies and the not so straight), and hilarious skits in between the acrobatics that will leave you laughing for days and days.  Seriously, the cast is insanely funny and that's what I was most surprised with about this show.  It's more side-splitting laughter than anything else and that's what stood out to me the most.Venue - This theater is very nice in that it's quaint.  Not quaint as in small but a good quaint.  It's a very intimate show and you don't feel lost in the show like you do with most productions in Vegas.  You actually feel like you're experiencing the show instead of watching from afar.  Highly recommended.  The chairs are comfortable and they even have sofas in the first row for couples that want to be close to the action and close to each other.All in all this was an excellent show and couldn't be better.
4	Zumanity is Zexy.Once again, another Cirque show that never fails. But who can fail when there's naked people being all sexy running around on stage for 90 minutes?There wasn't money in the budget on this Vegas trip to see O, so we decided on Zumanity since they were having a summer promotion. We got center seats in the last row on the floor for $125/pair. The seats were great, but when some of the acts got high up in the air, the balcony was blocking our view. The show has a lot of audience participation so if you're sitting in the first few rows, you may be called up on stage and do things which you might regret later that night.The only thing that irked me was getting into the show. We had just come from dinner at Wolfgang at MGM and had leftovers. When we got to the front door, the usher said we couldn't bring in outside food. Now I wasn't about to toss expensive food in the trash so I wanted to speak to the manager. Well she gave me the same bullshit so I decided to get creative.Having just purchased a program from the gift shop from a Filipino, I asked her if I could keep the food behind the register. She kindly refused, but gave me a bigger NYNY bag and told me to put the food in there and enter the theatre in a different line. The plan worked perfectly so if you have dinner prior to the show and your hotel is far away from NYNY, make sure you do this.
4	It was fun to leave reality and experience zumanity! If you blush easily and hate foul language, this might not be the show for you. I really enjoyed it! It was super sexy and creative. It was fun to go to a show and feel like anything goes. My best friend and I got tickets at one of the half price outlets for $68 each and had first row balcony seats. The only reason I would like to get any closer was to increase the chances of my easily embarrassed friend being pulled up on stage and being placed on "the lazy susan of sex." The music was awesome, and the costumes (well, what costumes there were) were fun too. This is definitely "different." If you're curious and think you might enjoy it, then GO! You'll be pleasantly surprised!
3	On my quest to watch all of the Cirque shows in Vegas, I checked out Zumanity last week while I was there. Nothing spectacular with this one, sad to say. Perhaps if it's your first Cirque show, you'd be impressed, but having seen Ka and O, Zumanity wasn't as impressive in my opinion. It definitely is funny and witty but the stage is really small and isn't as versatile as it could be. We sat towards the back of the orchestra seats, right in the middle. But really, there are no bad seats in the house. They spend a lot of the show on crowd participation and comedic relief. At that point, I felt that they were just trying to kill time. It's a short show as is: 1 hr 30 min. I guess the only thing that makes this show stand out from the others is that it's a topless show. If you're looking for an act with more acrobat and artistry, I'd go for the other Cirque shows.
4	I saw the show 3 days ago with my bf. This was our first CDS show. Originally we wanted to see KA but they were sold out for the day we wanted to see so we opted for zumanity. All in all we both enjoyed it very much and thought all the acts were kinda cool. Very sensual and sexual and at times very funny..i think this is a good show to go see with your significant other but not with your parents or family members. It can get a lil uncomfortable at times.My favorite part was the act with the water bowl and the guy in the metal rings. This show intrigued us enough to make us want to start seeing all the CDS shows. This was worth our money definately. We were actually walking to the ticket box office in the NyNY and we were handed a 2x1 coupon to the show, so this made it a lot more enjoyable.The theater is small so all the seats are very good seats. I would see it again.
4	The show was enjoyable and very colorful both the set and the characters.  In all the bf and I enjoyed the show.
3	While I enjoyed Zumanity, I cannot say that I liked it as well as the other Cirque shows I have seen.  The acts were good, but not the breathtaking feats that I like to see from this establishment.The comic relief was very cute.  The little love seats they have for couples who buy prime tickets are nice.  I really enjoyed the ringmaster.  This is a very sensual show.
4	I really didn't know what to expect from Zumanity but after seeing Believe on our last trip, anything would be a few steps up. We got a great deal on tickets so we decided to give it a try. Will call was a breeze. The attendants were all quick, friendly, and efficient. I'm not sure why other customer service people can't be just like this. Really. We walked in after dropping our leftovers from dinner at our room. No food allowed FYI. A few of the players were roaming the halls interacting with people. Most half naked. Even the ushers were wearing clothes that had airbrushed nakedness on their skirt/shirt/etc. Funny. We walked in the theater and I could tell that there was no such thing as a bad seat. it was a very intimate seating arrangement and the highest seats were still pretty darn close. Everything was decorated like a lush bedroom scene. Velvet, drapes, soft lighting everywhere. Good support for the theme I suppose. Pregame show was funny. A couple of hefty ladies and a married couple were walking around messing with the guests. Pretty hilarious. Like others are saying, if you're shy or even a bit prudish, stay away, especially from the front seating area. They are rubbing and swinging things at you that you might not find appealing, but it's pretty damn funny from where I was sitting. lol. The acrobatic type acts were all very impressive. Very artistic and some very disturbing. I got a bit sleepy during a couple of acts but that was probably due to the glass of wine I had earlier. The humor was the key to this program though. The comic relief was great. The main person was pretty funny as well as the wife lady in pink. Again, if you're shy or are insecure, don't sit up front. They will do stuff with your significant others or make them do stuff with others in the audience that will make a very insecure person...well, insecure. Don't know if it turns to jealousy or rage, but hopefully they have a good sense of humor. That one guy didn't seem too happy though. lol. A good show for adults only. Lots of breasts and fake dingalings flying around. It's all in good fun so go in there with an open mind and an empty bladder (no intermission)
1	I'd like to believe I'm a pretty open minded and appreciate art without preconceived notions.   Zumanity calls itself the 'other side of cirque de soleil (CDS)' lures you in, however the show is disappointing. The start is promising, funny and sexy but it soon transforms into boring and not so exciting. CDS needs to distance itself from this monstrosity.  I paid. $100 for the show and it was not worth it. If yu must watch it, please don't pay more than $25-30 for it, in my humble opinion. KA' and Le Reve so far have been worth my time and money.
3	I knew after reading all the Yelp reviews, we knew we'd have a 50/50 chance of liking it. Unfortunately, we fell into the "didn't like it" category. It was done very professionally and a lot of work obviously went into it. Three of us went (1 male, 2 female) and we all had the same opinions afterwards. The beginning was pretty funny with the husband/wife doing basic comedy. Then some transvestite comes out as the master of ceremonies. I'm not sure why this person had to be a tranny. Seems to me like they could have chosen a better female for this role. The theme was supposed to be sensuality and sexuality, but we couldn't figure out how the different acrobats factored into that. A guy spinning around on a big hula hoop for 20 minutes was NOT sensual. The lady swinging on the long sheets was NOT sensual, and we saw Pink do it at the Grammy's anyway. The two girls in the glass was kind of cool, but still, it seemed contrived. Audience participation was good, but ultimately this failed for us because we expected to be blown away and we weren't. It was more like 6 acrobats doing their thing, some topless. The nudity seemed like an afterthought.  The production value was very good, but the content was weak for us. If you put tops on the women, this show could be done in the middle of Circus Circus. The transvestite thing tried to tie it all together between segments, but for us, it simply didn't work. I fell asleep a couple of times from boredom, and woke back up when loud music came back on. It almost lures you into sleep because of the soft, relaxing piano during a few of the scenes. We weren't sure if we wanted to see any more shows after being disappointed by this one. I must say that Carrot Top made up for all of the boredom I felt from Zumanity. I'd go see him and O or Le Reve instead.
3	Cirque could have taken way more risks with this show. I thought it was very safe and not nearly as risque and sensual as expected. I compare it to their traveling Cirque shows but with topless women.Only a few acts really stood out to me, everything else has already been done in their other shows.Any seat in the house is a good seat, check online for discount tickets. We paid $55 per ticket!
3	Yelp tells me that three stars means "A-OK".  That is exactly how I would describe Zumanity... (well, maybe not the "A-" part!)  It was okay.  I have seen other Cirque shows, and was far more impressed.  However, it was pretty funny, there were several enrapturing performances, and it was a solid night's entertainment.  It makes sense why it is priced lower than most of the other Cirque shows in Vegas.I would agree with what some other reviewers have posted: the show isn't as risque as you'd think considering the theme.  Having the hosts say the fuck-word a lot doesn't mean a show is daring.  I felt the actors were weaker than the acrobatic performers on the whole, though they did get a legitimate laugh out of me on a few occasions. Mostly, though, it was corny. I was most impressed by the fish-bowl girls and the aerial performance with the sheets.  I would have liked to see more aerial acts and less of the cabaret-style entertainment.  I quite honestly forgot about the boobs on display quickly into the show because the performances just weren't very sensual, and certainly not as jaw-dropping as other Cirque feats I have seen performed.  I wouldn't see it again.
4	I didn't know what to expect at all from Zumanity. The tickets are pretty expensive but if you go to half tickets you can get cheaper tickets. When you walk in you already are in the show because their are performers right from the beginning. It's awesome. The show was fun extremely x rated especially if you go with your mom it can be a little awkward.There is nude parts not completely nude but it's Vegas what do you expect. I thought it was great especially the Catholic school girl who twisted around with hula hoops. I really liked the show but I wouldn't go see it again.
4	On a recent spur-of-the-moment trip to LV with the hubs - we decided to check out "the sensual side of Cirque".  We were not disappointed!It was a fun romp of a show - hot chick with dozens of hula hoops spinning in the air, comic (albeit raunchy) relief in between performances, intimate setting (velvet curtains and all), bare boobies flying about...my fave was the topless girls in the giant fish bowl - hmm...they're bendy O_OThe couple next to us was way too serious - besides having a box of Mike 'n Ikes and popcorn between them, they left about 10 mins into the show, with a 'well-I-'NEver!' huff.  Maybe they got free tix and didn't know what to expect.  Oh well, more elbow room for us!Fun and naughty show!
5	Love love loved it! We were right in the front with awesome seats. Got picked on by the performers about my huge tits. The show was incredible! Fascinating characters, inventive costumes, acrobats flying over my head, phallic symbols everywhere.. It was just awesome! I like the message they try to get across too.
3	Completely different from other Cirque shows.  For me, it was just okay.  After seeing what I think are their best Vegas shows (Ka and O), this was a bit of a letdown.  They advertise this as a sensual show, but I found it to be more of an excuse to strip and crack jokes.  I'm no prude....but I failed to see the artistic sensuality that they were going for.  Maybe it's just not my cup of tea. When I go to a Cirque show, I want to be blown away by the acrobatics.  There were a few pieces that were really great in terms of acrobatics, but just not enough for me to give it any more than 3 stars.
5	Had a rare date night with the hubby for this one..what a super sexy show! We had such a great time. When you walk in your greeted by some super sexy performers, grab a drink at the bar..they are yummy!Sit down and prepare for a very interesting show.Lot's of wonderful entertainers..the ones in the fish bowl were super sexy for sure!A must see for anyone who enjoys a more adult type show.
4	Zumanity tickled me in many many ways!....Just the right amount of tickle for your pleasure, Zumanity is another brilliant, sexy & hilarious creation of Cirque du Soleil.I had a blast at this show and it held my attention in way's I didn't know it could be held.... *ahem* haha.This is a perfect show for couples, group of girlfriends or the gay boys out on the town! You will bite your lipYou will laughYou will cringe But you will leave with a smile on your face and a good time! If you are staying in NY NY hotel you can't pass this up. Either way, this show is worth the ticket price and will cure your entertainment needs!
5	AWESOME!!!!!!!! I saw this show on NYE 2004 and it was absolutely mind boggling. So sexy, so well done - slick, professional, acrobatic. I was totally buzzing after this hot show. Don't bring your kids!Make sure to ask that the full first-line crew is doing the show. My boyfriend went a different time and said the show sucked - half the performers weren't there! I'd like to take him again so he can see the show the way it's meant to be seen.
3	Sex & High  Flying circus acts. I purchased balcony seats which were perfect for viewing all the aerial acrobatics.
3	I've been dying to see Cirque de Soleil for the longest time, and finally got a chance to. I think I was leaning towards O, but this sounded like an interesting one as well. I cannot say that I was disappointed, because it was great, just not as great as I was expecting O to be. It was about an hour and a half, and there was many scenes, some I liked more than others. My favorite was definitely the rocker dude hanging and swinging by his neck - IT WAS FREAKIN AWESOME! These guys will really pull you up on stage and have you participate. I still question whether some of that stuff is planned ahead of time, but regardless, good show.
4	This was the first Cirque show that I've see. The boyfriend and I watched this last December (yes, I know, late review) and it was so fun to watch! We bought tickets for the couch seating and because it was December and not that many people were there, we got upgraded to the couches in the very front! I could literally reach out and touch the stage from my seat! That was really cool of them! This is a very sexy show! They have scenes with 2 girls swimming and sliding around in a big bowl of water, they have a hula hoop girl (this was my boyfriends favorite part), a bedroom scene, and all kinds of different, sexy, wacky, funny scenes! The hosts are pretty funny too!For those who want to see a sexy,sensual show, but not like the trashy stip joints or nudey shows, this one is a great one to watch!Just dont bring the kids!!
5	I'm booking this show again for my next stay in Vegas. It was THAT good. There was something for me and my husband to both enjoy. You can't go in there expecting a traditional Cirque show but there are certain things that do give it that "Cirque" signature if you have ever seen any of there shows.I paid for the love couches and sat on the side of the stage. When I go again, I am going to go for front and center because the sides really aren't that great of seats. All in all this is a 5+ stars!
2	I've seen a lot of Cirque shows and this one was by far the worst. I did enjoy the host and how he/she interacted with the audience. I really felt like there weren't nearly as many "wow, I can't believe they are doing that" tricks in Zumanity as with other shows. I kind of felt like they were using the nudity as a crutch. And speaking of the nudity...I felt it went a little over the top. They advertise this show as sensual but I didn't feel that at all. If you only see one Cirque show while in Vegas...this would not be the one I recommend.
5	Why do I love watching Cirque shows so much? Oh that's right, Cause they're all freaking totally awesome!! And Zumanity is no different. Super sexy and oh so sensual, with just the right amount of acrobatics. For the guys going to watch, there is definitely good eye candy. And for the ladies, you'll be drooling as well. For me, it was the hot chick with the hula hoops. Yeah!!! those that watched the show know who I'm talkin bout. hehehehe. I was sittin 3rd row on the side, so it was pretty close, and I like it! But from what I noticed all seats were good. It's definitely not as big a theater as the other Cirque shows. So wherever you sit, you'll see everything worth seeing pretty well. Theres one skit where the guy has the fake ding ding on, and he steps over the audience. He crawls over my friend and hops over her seat and his fake weenis was right there in her face. I laughed so hard. HAHAHAHA, Im still crackin up just thinkin bout it. Great show. I knew what i was gettin when I watched it. Not like any other Cirque show in terms of presentation. Ok, I think I said what I wanted to get across. So yeah Zumanity in latin means A whales Vagina. JK it means AWESOME!
4	I started to give 3/3.5 stars, but as I write the review and laugh about some of the funny things that happened, I have to go 4 stars.  I love that Janice C. refers to this show as ZumanTities, because I would have to agree.  In most Cirque shows, the costumes are elaborate and entertaining, but this show is almost completely void of costumes...unless you count the zipper pants that the Fabio look-a-like took off one section at a time.The front row love seats (booths for 2) provide an extreme up-close-and-personal view of the entire show (for better or for worse).  The only part that I wished I was sitting up higher for was the rotating orgy bed portion.  I think it would have been better to see everything happening at once rather than one scene rotating by our faces at a time.If you want to be included in the show, these are definitely THE seats to sit in.  Everytime they came close to us, my girlfriend clenched my hand, stared at the floor, and made it very obvious that she did not want to be included.  That actually saved me twice.  Once, I would have ended up holding boob baggies (hilarious bit) and the other time I would have been sans shirt on the orgy bed.  Thanks, honey.  The guy and girl who were called up for the orgy bed scene actually ended up being mother and son.  That made it even funnier.During our show, there was a couple in the audience that had been married for 59 years.  They were from Australia.  The host brought them up on stage and asked them some questions.  One question, directed at the husband was whether or not he participated in a threesome back in the day.  His answer was, "Yes, we had quite a few threesomes back in Australia".  When the host turned to his wife and asked if she was there, she responded with "Oh yes!"  Everybody was cracking up.  They must have been in their 70's or 80's.Not your typical Cirque show, but definitely worth a try unless you are uber conservative, boring, up tight, or uncomfortable in your own skin.  Being with the wrong person might also impact your good time.  Have a few drinks to loosen up before you walk in, and be sure to get your seats early.  The pre-show is one of the funniest parts.
5	I suppose if "O" is 5 stars then this would be less but still I will give it 5.  It was terrificly funny and sexy.  Yes, there were a few slow moments but all in all is was very enjoyable.
5	This show was amazing. Im sure after, everyone wanted to spice up the bedroom:)The Hostess of the show was very entertaining and funny (drag queen). I was into the show the WHOLE time and didnt want it to end as soon as it did! The live music is amazing and so were all the hard working performers. We got the 2 show/$100 deal and got pretty good seats. If you can, I would highly recommend this show to be seen with your special person (not your family or a parent...how awkward!!!). Its supposed to be a sentual show about exploring the world of sex so be prepared for alot of nudity and risque performances! They also grab people from the audiance to come on stage so you better hide if your shy cause they'll get ya!!
5	show was for 10/4 10pm.it was.. beautiful, funny (hilarious!), the hostess of the show was awesome and beauiful in his own way.. the singers were GREAT! i mean its like wow. mind blowing.I still dont understand the whole point and concept of the one guy running around with the fabric attached to his arms.. he only popped out twice to do that and that was the end. i did enjoy blue balls while watching this movie.. hehe :) im not kidding.. its an awesome drink.. the show is a bit erotic so please dont watch this with family.. im not sure how mom/dad would handle the show with boobs all over and people making out in the back ground..we got in a bit early as advised for the preshow.. the twim girls were hilarious as well.. dressed as maids..if you're going to watch this try entering 15 min before the show.. cause they will entertain you and make you laugh before the show starts :Doh and if you're in the front 2 rows beware! you will become a "volunteer" but most likely not willing.also, dont forget to look at the peeps holes :P if you look at the walls some of the buttons are missing poke your eye in and enjoy a surprise!we got awesome tickets.. but thankfulyl as requested the concierge at mgm grand got us tickets out of harms way.bravo :P and an extra bravo for the volunteers that day especially toward the end.. i believe her name was debbie.. :D
5	Great acting....especially the MC...typical Cirque quality.  Did this instead if Believe after reading the reviews.  Glad I did.  Definitely enjoyable as a couple.
3	I wasn't overly impressed. We got a great deal on tickets so we checked it out. I wouldn't have paid full price for tickets, and neither should you.
5	AWESOMELY FUNNY AND SEXY!!! Had a GREAT TIME! You can't be a prude to see this show! Loosen up and have fun!The only draw back is the typical Vegas drunkard in the audience, 2 or 3 people were not acting their age and were yelling at the performers to "take it off" or "gimme your number" and SEVERAL women or shall I say girls because they were obviously NOT mature enough to be there due to their immature laughs at certain things and wouldn't shut up about it.We also saw a young looking girl with her mother standing in line in front of us, it's an 18+ show and she didn't look a day older than 15! She got through, but wonder if they actually carded her.But overall, AWESOME show, 1 draw back is NO intermission!
4	I really liked this show! I didn't know what to expect except some nudity or a lot of nudity rather. It definitely helped that we were able to see the show free thanks to hookups from a friend. The show kept me alert and awake which is more than I can say for a lot of movies and shows. The only annoying part were the guys behind us and their commentary. It's a show people....shut up! I like that the theater was smaller than say O or Elvis...I guess it's for the intimate portion of it. We sat in one of the balcony seats and we were able to see everything. I think for me, I enjoyed it so much for the entertaining aspect and the sense of humor. Overall, I would recommend it to those that are 18 and older to definitely see it.
4	Oh man! I loved this show! It was my first experience at a Cirque Du Soleil show. (thank you to my yelper helper, you know who you are!) I know this show is all about "sexuality" and "sensuality" but I really didn't know what to expect.I walked into the theater and ohmy! The actors/actresses were there to greet. The one on hooves scares me though.I was going to get a drink to get a little buzz going on but... that long was too long! If you want a drink, go beforehand at another bar.  I would definitely wait till after the show for another cup of buzz. The theater itself was nice. Nice plush seating that went in a U shape around the stage. Luckily, I got front seat! UNluckily, I wasn't chosen to be a participant in the show!The thing that I really liked about this show is that it included: sexiness, comedy, and acrobatics! I loved it. You must go see it for yourself. It may be inappropriate at times, but hey... this is Vegas. Deal with it.PS.... all the actresses/actors are gorgeous! *le sigh*
5	Awsome show
4	11/19 show - A completely different take on Cirque. Zumanity rounds out Cirque's slew of amazing shows. It's the epitome of the modern Vegas cabaret complete with humor, sexy steamy acts, great music and lots of boobage. This is not for kids. I love the intimate atmosphere of Zumanity but my preference still goes towards the grander cirque shows like "O" and Ka.
2	If you are expecting a Cirque-type show this isn't the one for you. I've been to a few Cirque shows and I felt completely jipped when this one was over. I didn't leave with the feeling of 'WOW!' It was more 'Meh...' We bought tickets to Mystere for the following night.
3	In short, this show is funny, sexy, erotic, corny, cheesy, tacky, a little outdated, interesting, strange, and nothing short of entertaining. Oh, a word to the wise, if you sit in the front be prepared to be part of the show, albeit, not of your own free will(in other words your fucked).....have fun!!!
5	Zumanity = HOTT & SEXY show!Saw it last year with my boyfriend for my 21st bday wknd in Sin City.It was amazingly sexy & beautiful show! Must see show!Then after the show, of course it's super fun time in the bedroom. ;)
4	I saw this show this past weekend and was very satisfied.  We bought our tickets from the half off place across the street, which made it convenient to pick our tickets up right away.  15 minutes before the show starts is a comedy preshow.  You should not miss it because this is not a circus filled with a lot of high flying acrobatic and wondrous tricks (although there are some), this is really a sensual, sexy comedy show.  It would be perfect if you went with a date, though I went with a sausage-fest of three other men, and we had a grand time. It was very interactive with the audience and lasted about an hour and a half.  Some things to be aware of is that this is a gay friendly and partially nude show.  None of the guys strip fully, though there is a lot of dildo play, but almost all of the women are topless at one point in the show.  Also if you sit close to the stage, you may be invited to join the performers.  All but one of the audience members invited to join the actors were very good, however one was a buzzkill, so I can imagine more of those ruining it for the rest.  On the plus side, the performers are all professionals and were very good and turning things around.  If you sit in the balcony seating, you may have some trouble viewing the edge of the stage, so be aware.  Overall, the comedy was an A+, the acrobats were an A, though we wished there were more, and the lengthy of show was a B, as it could have gone longer since it drags you in.  After the show, NYNY has a lot of bars to grab a drink at and fine restaurants to eat before.  I would go again; just with a date.
5	Zumanity was a big hit! It was sexy and funny. They made a good use of the stage. Felt like I was on another planet.
3	I am a bit torn over this show.  I saw it while interviewing for residency in Vegas by myself, which probably made it not as good.  I was also only mildly intoxicated, which probably didn't help either.  I felt like it was almost a little too long and certain parts dragged on.  Some parts were incredible though, especially the clowns.  Well, they were sexy clowns and they were hilarious.  It isn't a typical Cirque show and I would probably see Ka or O over this one but it was all that was playing while I was there.I wouldn't pay full price, you can get 35% off if you're a student or go across the street by the giant Coke sign for 1/2 off tickets.  They sell out though so go early!
4	I wanted to see this the last time I was in Vegas but didn't get the chance so upon my most recent trip I was very glad to catch it. It is for 18+ and there is lots of nudity and teasing. I thought it was very well put together although I wished there were a little more acrobatics. The actors were amazing, my favorites were the two girls in the big tub. There is a little comedy thrown in too to keep it lighthearted. Tickets can be $$$ but my friends and I got a deal from the Danny at the Bellagio ticket counter who generously gave us the Bellagio discount even though we weren't staying there. We got 1st row balcony for just under $65 each and could see everything from where we were.
5	Oh my seXXiness!Okay so here's the deal---I loved this show.  Yeah so did a lot of people, but, here is why and I'll give you some other info as well, read on...I picked this show, my choice because I wanted to see what a 'sensual' Cirque de Soleil show was all about---I was amazed nonetheless!  This show has provacative funny written all over it!  You will laugh and e so amazed and leave with a smile and will want to go home and 'play'!You can go casual, people came in tennis shoes, and it's inside New York New York on the first floor--there's no outside food allowd but they do sell drinks and snacks inside so we got a diet coke and popcorn.  Overall I loved this show because there was a lot of talent and humor involved!  the best seats are up front, but not the couples love seat because that's just too close!  We sat 3rd row up from the front and had the best seats, so splurge a little and get the good seats!
1	My husband and I were very excited to see this show. The reviews were great so we bought the best seats we could get which were located in the left side of the stage in the cushioned love seats. Unfortunately these were the WORST seats ever and we paid full price for them. The lighting director should be fired!! They put spot lights on the acrobats as they flew through the air which ended up directly in our eyes. It was awful and I find it hard to believe he did not see us squinting the whole time as the light was unbearable and ruined half the show for us. I ended up with a head ache and was very angry. It was VERY unprofessional. The Choreography was terrible and did not show off the performers in a sexy beautiful way at all which was disappointing. The music was live but completely forgettable and did not seem to flow well with the performers acts. Even the host of the show was old and ugly. I truly thought this show had HUGH potential and the people who organized the show were clueless and inexperienced. It was a train wreck. The only reason I am EVEN rating this a one star was because the performers were amazing and their were some comedic parts that made me laugh. I DO NOT recommend this show. It is not worth one dollar to see.
1	Out of all the Cirque du soleil shows I've seen either traveling or stages, this one by far has been the worse.  Although the acrobats and actors were great, the show overall was horrible. Do NOT spend the money to see this show.  There are now 21 shows worldwide and trust me, I've seen 12 of them in counting and this one is a good one to miss.  I would have rather played my money gambling at the casino for 2 hours with a chance of winning than watch this.  Sorry but this was a cirque miss for me.
2	After being pleased with Cirque du Soliel's Mystere, I made the mistake of letting my winnings ride, and I bet on another Cirque show: "Zumanity." A show written for, and apparently by, confused hormonal eighth-graders. A friend of mine has a favorite saying when he goes to strip clubs: "Let's not spoil it with words." (Anyone who has attempted to have a conversation with a stripper knows EXACTLY what he means.) Well, someone should have given that advice to whomever conceived of Zumanity. I haven't seen such brainless, low-brow attempts at sexual humor and dialogue since I was in junior high school. Zumanity makes the "American Pie" movies seem like works of Shakespeare. The M.C. of Zumanity is some over-acted Dr. Frankenfurter-esque drag queen, who was given to some awful, trite little lines like, "Isn't making love beautiful?" like he was addressing a gathering of 17th century Calvinists who need convincing that sexual pleasure will not land them a place in eternal damnation. (This audience paid good money to see topless women trapeze through the air. You can safely skip the lecture.) The whole show was just an awkward mish-mash of, on one hand, graceful and suggestive acrobatic performances, and the other hand, crass and overt sexual humor. They need to pick a direction and stick with it; just trying slap them together is a trainwreck. If you're trying to lube us all up for a post-show hotel room fuck session, then why have a confrontational old drag-queen up there making everyone's skin crawl. The mass tightening of sphincters was nearly audible every time he/she made direct eye contact with the audience. I'm not exactly a prude...I managed to sit through an entire ice-skating performance of Johnny Weir in a lace corset without writing my Congressman...but I was short-stack of dimes for the entire 90 minutes of this so-called erotica. Even the obligatory orgy scene at the finale failed to register on the trusty ole' Bone-o-Meter. (Yes, the Bone-o-Meter makes a cameo!)There were a few redemptive moments, when the incredible athletes took the spotlight and did their thing. There was a stunning trapeze act with a guy swinging by one foot over the audience (without a net), an aerial-bound female orgasm (this one definitely got my attention), and other mildly clever performances involving a pearly white ribbons (hint, hint!) and a cage match between male rivals. But there wasn't enough of these acrobatic performances to save the show. It's like they ran dry after a few good ideas, and then just filled up the rest of the time with dick jokes.
2	Not very impressed with this show, although my wife enjoyed it more than I did.There was just nothing that really blew me away, and thought it was a little dull, I'd be really pissed if we'd paid full price.I was actually ready to leave 45 minutes in to the show, we stayed for the entire show but it didn't really get any better.We attended Vegas! The Show the day before at Planet Hollywood, and although is an entirely different type of show, it was 10 times more entertaining than Zumanity. If you see only one show in Vegas I would highly reccomend Vegas! The Show.
1	OK, so I am a very traditional, conservative girl, which was why this show (particularly the female orgasm) made me uncomfortable. But here is the thing: The acrobatic acts are nothing you don't see in any other Cirque du Soleil show. During the hula hoop act, I kept thinking, "I've seen this before in another Cirque du Soleil show." Same with the female orgasm. And a few other acts. Same acts, different name.
1	I've been to many Cirque shows and this was a true disappointment.  Aside from the hype, this show does not stack up to other Cirque shows when it comes to talent.   The theatre was sumptuously decorated - so I was pretty excited when I first arrived.  But then the show started and all I can say is that the show is super cheesy.  Fat chicks scantily clad squeezing through occupied aisles pushing their butts and boobs into the faces of guests, performers constantly grabbing at their crotches, so-so singing, very little acrobatics compared to most Cirque shows, low quality acrobatics (compared to Cirque shows).   In a word, the show is "cheesy" - there's nothing sexy about it. Thankfully my other half got a deal on the tickets - the second ticket cost one-dollar. Still though, it was a waste of our money.  If you enjoy Cirque shows such as Alegria, Mystere, Kooza, Quidam and O - don't bother with Zumanity.
5	All rows get wet, watch out.  A mixed show for sure, which is probably why some reviewers here are dissapointed; sort of a spliced together cabaret show (done very well with a ?drag queen emcee, lots of titties (without nipples taped, cheesy vaudeville sketches, etc); Cirque acrobatics (all the in the air spinning and wrapping with drapes, amazing flips and balancing acts, etc); Improv comedy (by the very witty emcee); scary audience participation (glad I didnt get called up to be in the on-stage orgy....or was I jealous?) or interviewed about what sexual acts I was going to perform on the person next to me in front of everyone.  Had a "Blue balls" drink which was awful and amounted to a weak 2L sugar bomb; skip the drinks there and get some before the show.  A little more balance between boobies and other anotomical revelations would have been nice!  Well done production, had more hard laughs and breathtaking amazement than I have had in months.
4	Another great show by cirque de soleil. Not as erotic as I imagined, good taste. Can even come with parents.
5	So I've seen a lot of shows in Vegas and I have to admit this is one of the few I didn't see and I finally got to see it.  It is very fun and has a great staff that greet you when you walk in.  It is sexy, very sexy.  Made it very entertaining.  There isn't a fancy stage like KA or O but I guess the mere fact it deals with sex made it that much more fun.  Especially with the audience interaction.  I watched,  "Criss Angel Believe" the night before and this was much more worth it and cheaper.
4	Zumanity is part burlesque, part cabaret and part strip-tease. From the moment you sit down, characters will begin to push your limits of comfort. This 18+ show will deliver a night you will never forget. - Extremely Sexual, Yet Classy- Amazing Acrobatics- Naughty Crowd Interaction- Interesting Storyline- Topless OnlyUnfortunately for all of those people expecting to see a nice topless acrobatic show, you'll also be greeted with an acrobatics chest: none. There are however a few woman that are "fluffy" walking around ready to whip theirs out for show.Zumanity is marketed as the Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil and that is no lie. This performance is VERY different from any other show they offer. The performers will give you a really good show if you sit in the front row where I was at with my wife. From sitting on your lap to pulling you on-stage, the show is provocative and seductive.From the beginning you are taken on a sexy thrill ride of naughty fun. The characters started a dildo sword fight with an elderly man in the front who happily obliged. After that, they singled out my friends wife for her, well, rack. Spotlight and all!I'll have to leave the different acts for you to figure out, because they are all geared at a different preference. I liked half, while the other were just slightly interesting.While this should have been one experience that "stayed in Vegas", I'll let it out there for all of you Yelpers to bask in.To make a long story short, through the various perks of sitting in the front row (view, characters on you at times) there is also the opportunity for an awkward moment.Enter: Mistress of Sensuality Edie. Part man, part woman, part sexual goddess. Edie thought it keen at the end of the show during the "orgy" to pull me on stage *GULP*. This wasn't bad until Edie had me lay on the two "fluffy" ladies where the begin to caress my chest and play with my hair while I gaze into the audience from the rotating stage for my wife's approval.It was a interesting experience and I can say that while the show as a whole was OK, the experience is one I will not be able to forget.As always, an amazing performance from Cirque du Soleil.
5	Fantastic! Funny, sexy, entertaining, amazing, too much fun for words! I've seen other Cirques and this one is different, but in a good way. Sure on a scale of one to cirque its only a 6 or 7 because it lacks in costume and some acrobatics, but it makes up for that in thefun department. You'll smile, you'll laugh, you get a little hot and bothered. and its cheaper than all the other Cirques. My only complaint was our seats. The tix 4 tonight guy convinced us to sit balcony. Unless you are shy do not sit in balcony no matter how many times the rude, loud mouthed tickets 4 tonight guy tells you they are just as good as the other seats. Super fun! Highly recommend it!
5	Sexy, entertaining, athletic and fun! Went with 3 others and everyone loved it.  Get used to seeing some topless ladies do some really neat things! The "hunks" in the show were pretty cheesy and you can tell that they only got the gig 'cause of their abs.  The clear bathtub act at the beginning of the show is incredible.   So are the hula hoops. And the aerial act. And... ok, you get the point.
4	........... *mouth drops open*........... Did that really just happen??! Be prepared. This is NOT like anything you have ever seen before. Cirque du Soleil gets a bit naughty with this production. It is very adult oriented ...... leave the kiddos at home (they probably shouldn't be vacationing in Las Vegas anyway...... HINT! HINT!). It is not completely trashy like some of the adult entertainment on the world famous strip (yeah, I'm talking to you ...X Burlesque ............ TRASHY!!). There is PLENTY of eye-candy for everyone. The costumes (skimpy as they are....) are beautifully done and add to the magic. The lighting, the music all comes together to delight your senses. The final scene .........well...... it's interesting. Leave your inhibitions at the door and just enjoy.... ZUMANITY
2	I never thought I'd fine the words "Cirgue du Soleil", "sex" and "boring" in the same sentence. We've seen many CdS shows in the past and adored "Love" playing just down the street. Zumanity, however, was unlike any show I've seen in the past. This had a far greater emphasis on bawdy comedy than the sublime acrobatics we're accustomed to. The show had it's moments...the man rolling in the ring...the flying little man...but there were far more downs than ups. The comedy bit with the scotch filled falsies was silly. The acrobatic bondage scene had me reaching to check email. The plentiful bare breasts were, in this context, not particularly exciting or even appealing. The plentiful interactions with the up-front audience were painful to watch.If you find Ringling Brothers meets Benny Hill an interesting idea, this might be for you. I had trouble staying awake.1.5 stars.
5	I have never said "wow" so many times during a show.  Saw it at Nyny.  Very good!  Just keep an open mind.
5	WOW! that pretty much could be all that needs to be said for this review, but that would be lame! Zumanity A+. I have seen this show once before and i was blown away then. This time even knowing what to expect, STILL blown away.This show is for the dirty minded only! =) The show is done in good taste, not like a straight out strip show. The comedy in the pre-show and throughout is just the best.
5	"Prepare to arouse your senses."Ladies, do you like sexy fauns (that's a half-man, half-beast with horns and legs of a goat, if you didn't know) with ripped abs growling and darting across the stage?  Apparently I do!! This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, so I can't compare it to any others, but I was thoroughly entertained by Zumanity!  If you are by any slight means conservative or are embarrassed easily by sex, this probably isn't the right show.  But... I am neither of those. The characters that interacted with the audience were funny and the acrobatic stunts were amazing - I couldn't keep my eyes off the stage.  Definitely a 5-star night of entertainment.
3	I wanted to give this show 2.5 stars, Yelp needs to let us rate half points! The performers are amazing and their talent alone earns the show 2.5 stars. I think they should work on their choreography, when they rip off their top the act of "unveiling" isn't sexy, more like random. I think the nude part of the show would have been hotter as more of a strip tease act combined with cirque-esque performances. But that's not really what peeved me about the show. The show had WAY too much dialogue period and the dialogue was terrible! Watching the show reminded me of when I was in grade school and I had just learned a few swear words and I wanted to drop an F-bomb in every sentence. Puleeeeaassse! I know this was their attempt on making the show funny but it missed the mark and made it totally tacky. There were some amusing parts of the show, they had a comedian lady who did a liquor filled breast implants skit that made me and pretty much everyone else laugh out loud but most of the time she was more cheese than funny. I wouldn't recommend you see this show unless you get a student discount, or one of those deals at the half off tickets place. Shell out a few more dollars and see Cirque's "O" show!
5	Is a trip to Vegas ever complete without a visit to a Cirque du Soleil show?  I think not.Whats a trip to Vegas without seeing some naked girls swimming and writhing in a giant human-sized fish bowl filled with water?                          ,___________,                          .'                     '.                         /~~~^~~~^~^~~~\                           |           .-"" L_    o |      Fishies!                        |    ;`, /       ( o \  o |       Here Fishie                         |     \  ;           `,/    |       Fishie!                         \    ;_/"`.__.-"     /                          .\__________/.'                                '---------'I saw the fishbowl and I knew right away I was in.  They hypnotize you They seduce you, every act more titillating than the nextThey make you sell your soul to the man next to youYou forget everythingYou wake up and the next moment you're sitting in a vat of writhing bodiesWill you obey?I'm sore.  I guess that means I did.PS- If you're looking for a conservative show, this probably isn't for you and your family.  But the crude humor, the scantily clad muscled men (wrap him up i'll take him to go) and barely there women.  This was definitely my kinda show.  Crazy moves, random stunts, perverted jokes...This was definitely perfect for me.Don't get seats in the front rows if you don't want to be called on.  :)
5	This show has something for everyone. I suggest sitting in one of the loveseats right off the stage. It's more of a burlesque show so if you find topless dancers offensive then you probably won't have a good time. I think Hoops and Rose Boy were my favorite parts of the show. This is a great show for couples.
4	Overall it is a good show, some performance were really cool and sexy.The ending was abit too long and i like the interaction with audience.
5	Qualification - this review is more for Cirque in general than Zumanity in particular.  Though I did see this show and I gladly give it five stars.  But it's five stars for a fixed theater show, which for me is way different than the rating system for performances in tents.When I was small and my parents inclined I'd be treated to Ringling Brothers at the Garden.  If recollection serves, we went more than a few times.  It was a seed cast on fertile soil.Ringling was in town during my last month as an undergrad.  The carnies were the only characters who could give me a run for my money at the pool table in the bar near the arena.  I went to this show twice, and after, as I was in the throes of finals and ennui, I returned to the back door of the venue to see what it might be like to really leave with them on their train.  I met a clown out of make up.  He was less entranced by my aspiration than I.  He gave me the straight scary skinny and I moped away, dejected, wishing I had gone to clown school instead of geology school.When the train pulled out of town I stood by the tracks and waved.  It was late.  I was sad.Years have come and gone, but my love for the circus arts is stronger than it's ever been.  You see, I'm a bit of a romantic, a dreamer, trapped in a pragmatic day to day.  I believe in courting and romantic love, I believe in happy endings, I like magic.  I am also all too well aware of the rest of it, the darker underbelly of our existential explanation and how we dance so willingly to this selfish flute.A circus well done captures all of this.  Good vanquishing evil, moons for the misbegotten, unrequited love made whole just before the curtain falls.  It's like crack for the heart.I've seen maybe 10 of the cirque shows, most in the Pac Bell parking lot, but a few on The Strip.  This year I think I'd like to travel to see Quidam, the only tent show I've missed.  They'll be at the Cow Palace, but I'm not a cow and it isn't a palace so I think maybe I'll go somewhere else.  Browsing the website I did find the fixed show in Macao strangely appealing.  It's a fixed show, yes.  But it's in Macao.If you said yes, I'd make the reservations right now.
5	I'm surprised that they can keep the level of energy up in the show while doing it twice a day, every day. This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I was really impressed with the stunts, set design, and costumes. We planned on seeing this before coming to town but were able to buy tickets at a Tix4Tonight stand on the strip earlier in the day (huge savings, btw). Our seats were on the main floor toward the back corner, but we were able to move once the show started since the theater was only about 90% full.Don't bring your kids to this one.
5	Amazing show. Provocative, sexy and arousing. Definitely sets the mood for later in the evening if you know what I mean ; ) Worth every cent & I can't wait to see it again. The whole cast was amazing they all came together to make the show what it is. I LOVED IT!!
5	It was perfect Kind of kinky but very sexy I loved it THanks
3	If you're a prude, just stay home. If you're not into sexual innuendoes, don't come.If you're afraid to see 'boobies', this is not the show for you.It's not one of my favorite cirque shows but it's not entirely bad either.It's a little cabaret, a little burlesque, a little typical cirque.The closer you sit to the stage, the more likely you will be a part of the show. If you're not up for this, then don't get seats so close.
5	I expected a good show but got GREAT! It was a great way to spend Valentines with the love of my life. Very sexy, full of energy and keeps you on the edge of your seat. Zumanity has a wow factor I have not experienced in a long time and recommend it to people with an open mind. This is not a show for everyone. I actually saw couples walk out but serious what do you expect to see?! It a show about sensuality! so to make a long story short......I LOVED IT!
5	This show was amazing.We went on a Saturday night at 7:30 to a sold out show. I booked my tickets on-line and splurged for lower orchestra seat and it was well worth it to be so close. If you decided to grab a drink before the show, they have a bar within the theater where you can slurp on such drink such as Blue Balls, Long Dong Iced Tea and Jello Shots.At 7:15 they start the pre-show which involves some audience interaction. BEWARE if you are close to the stage you are more likely to be picked.I can't put it any better than "You'll be constantly intrigued during the entire show." The acts a great, have good variety and will constantly keep you laughing, clapping or staring.  I recommend this show to everyone who doesn't want a typical night out.
4	Not the best Cirque show I've ever seen, but delightfully entertaining and delivered exactly what it promised: 2 sensual, risque, talent-filled hours. The show was sexy--I loved the two performers who did the African dance at the top of the show, and of course the gorgeous naked girls swimming in the gigantic fishbowl. Other highlights were the performers who dangled acrobatically from the satin sheet suspended in the ceiling and the bathtub scene. It's always fun to watch audience members get pulled up on stage for a little unpredictable raunchiness! We had a great time, and I would recommend the show to anyone who enjoys cirque and appreciates a bit of nudity and sexual innuendo.
2	Not my favorite Cirque (which is O by the way).Things I liked: talent of dancers/actors, favorite scene is the water scene because it was well choreographed.  The jokes were pretty funny.  Things I didn't like as much: comedy scenes were interjected throughout, seemed like embarrassing the audience participants was supposed to be entertaining, a lot of acrobatics and contortionist, randomly strung together acts (not much connection or story)
4	Love the interaction with the audience.  If you plan on sitting close to the front (even in the middle of an aisle), don't be surprised if you involuntarily participate.  This is definitely different from other Cirque performances, but nevertheless just as fun and entertaining.  BTW, don't forget to check out the peep holes in the hall.
5	Thorougly enjoyed Zumanity. Awesome, funny, very entertaining and interactive. Love the interaction as long as it's not me their picking on hahaha. I was nervous they would since my bf and i were sitting in the 2nd row but luckily they didn't cuz the things that they make you do up on the stage is ........ i would turn red like an apple. LOL.Definitely a different type of Cirque show. 360 turn from the elegant "O" show.  I don't think you will regret it as long as your not so uptight or easily offended. This may have been comped, but if i  paid for it, i would not come out dissapointed, same goes for  "O". Just don't watch KA whether you pay or its free.
4	I definitely did not know what to expect going in. I had seen a traveling Cirque a few years ago (I can't remember what it was) and I really enjoyed it - there were a lot of acrobatics that I was very impressed with, and thats what I enjoy about this type of theater. I didn't really know what this show was about - I had heard it was "sensual" - but to me, that could have been a lot of things.I didn't know if I would enjoy this particular one because I'm not the most open of types about that sort of thing. However, it was worth the money we spent. I'm not sure what level we sat in - it was between the upper level that faces the stage and the lower level, but on the side. I thought those seats were amazing.I personally enjoyed the bawdy humor interspersed with acrobatics. I did find it to be a little random, but at the same time, it was a nice combination of the two - very cabaret. I thought the skits were hilarious and thank goodness that the audience members they pulled into their show didn't clam up - I felt kind of bad for them, but they were good sports.I still don't know if the host was a man in drag or a woman with a deep voice. Another yelper said s/he reminded him of Frankenfurter. It's sort of true, but I think the host was not really that over-the-top, at least for our show. I thought that the sultry voice was appropriate. I was reminded of rocky-horror at times, but this isn't REALLY a musical, in that, there are really only two singers. And a live band (that alone was amazing!). The acrobats are BUILT.There were a lot of acrobatics, and a lot of crazy things going on. There were beautiful and great stunts, and then there were modern almost stripper-esque stunts that were fun. Some of the more blatant things made me squirm a little, but that was to be expected for me. It was as "tasteful" (as the show self-describes itself) as a show with almost completely naked people can get, which was OK with me. I frequently found myself gasping and wow-ing at certain stunts. However, there were some things I could have done without, like the weird bondage thing going on - it was a REALLY long scene (?) and I didn't get it, or the actress didn't put enough energy into it for it to be interesting.This is a completely different genre of cirque du soleil. I thought it was appropriate because it's an "adult" show in Vegas.I really want to see Ka, O, Mystere, and Love. But my poor wallet says maybe next year.
5	LOVE IT!!!!  I've seen almost all of the Cirque Du Soleils, and this one is one of my top (along with Ka).  Granted, it's very different than any of the other CDS, but totally worth it.  This was my 2nd time seeing this one, and I was still just as amused as my first time seeing it.  There are no parts I disliked, or wasn't a fan of.  They definitely made it all very entertaining and fun.  I guess my only complaint is that I wish they used the main character in more scenes.BTW, new york new york often runs specials for this show.  Be sure to check out their website!
5	OMG this show was super funny and made my cheeks hurt for two days from laughing so hard. I would not recommend this show to everyone you have to have the personality for it. If you can handle raw and wrong humor and can laugh at the 70's type swinger style stuff then you can handle this show. Go with a very open mind. If you have an open mind go see it:)
5	Saw it last night and loved it!Different from the usual Cirque shows in the way that it was more comedy and not as many death defying stunts. This show is for 18 years and older and is quite risky so if you're uncomfortable with seeing partial nudity or sexual subjects I would not recommend this show. It was still a beautiful show with all the elaborate costumes (when they had more then underwear on) and a lot going on to keep you engaged.I sat in the balcony so I was safe from the interactions but if you're sitting on the main floor be prepared to be part of the comedy!
4	This is the third Cirque show that I have been to. It is way different than the others. The show was very risque. If you go, be prepared for nudity, adult language and heavy sexual content. The show covers all sexual orientations and several fetishes. So if you have a hard time with that, I wouldn't recommend that you go. We made the mistake of sitting in the third row but luckily, we were safe and did not get picked for a bit. Don't know how we would of handled that. The acrobatics were incredible and it was a beautifully staged show.
4	Definitely not your standard Cirque du Soleil show though it still has some amazing stunts. The show is very sexual, so if your uncomfortable about that, this would not be the show for you. Also there is quite a bit of audience participation, but if your sitting in the balcony you won't get called on.Great show still, i'd see it again.
3	woah...different is what I an say...loved the host she's very entertaining.  Definitely go with a open mind because its nothing like any other Cirque show.
5	A great show!! it is worth every penny and dime! Hilarious, classy, and just damn right GREAT!!!! They get the audience involved and the show itself is very passionate and very compelling, spell binding... just awfully GREAT! Love each and every skit. There was not a dull second! I laughed so much and I was so warm. It was just amazing all around. This show is definitely not for kids!! a lot of adult humor. Great looking actors and host. A very open-minded show. Please prepare yourself to be hit with everything! That's what the show is all about... exploring everything.
5	Using dance and sensuality as its medium, Cirque's Zumanity explores the complexities of human behavior thoughtfully and provocatively. To me, the scenes seem more inquisitive than conclusive and paint a vivid but tasteful image of eroticism. The performers demonstrate an incredible mastery of their bodies as they explore experiences of innocence, connection, desire and even fetish. Well done.
2	Actually it is like every Cirque show - only with a sexy edge to it.  Too few of the acts were original - most seemed like rehashed Cirque talent - only the talent has aged - and tops off is supposed to make a difference.  The "host" is good - not great - and not not silent - as they usually are - a bit too speechy - If you have to be told something is sensual - it's no longer.  Both my GF and I agreed - it's not special - not close to an O .  Use the bar upstairs if you go - the one downstairs can be a long wait.
5	Zumanity is the least acrobatic of all the Cirque shows, but probably the most entertaining, and definitely the funniest. Have a few drinks, loosen up and enjoy!PS. Don't take your parents. HAHA!
5	its so sexual w/ a lot of adult humor, what more can you ask for.
5	Disclaimer: This show is not for the kiddies!I'm like one of the most reserved girls ever in terms of the topic of sex or anything having to do with subject matter that you would find on HBO, but I actually really loved this show! It was a pleasant surprise that topped off my uber exciting Vegas trip with my girls!!When we got into the auditorium, we already knew it was going to be a little uncomfortable because a guy with large wings was eyeing us up and down as we entered the door. hahahInside the room, there was a man and a woman who would go around taking pictures and flirting with the audience members. It was a laugh riot from the start. Their costumes were overly outrageous and sexual. I don't want to give away too much of this show, but expect nudity, audience participation, girl-on-girl action, and a woman who looks and talks like she could be Liza Minnelli's clone.A true gem of Vegas shows! I really think anyone will enjoy this one.
5	Better than a strip club!I have seen different Cirque du Soleil shows, some better than others. If you are looking just for best acrobatics, this one is not for you. But if you want to turn your date on, Zumanity will do the job! Sizzling, sensual, sexy, funny! True adult entertainment. Perfect blend of acrobatics and eroticism.  Strip clubs are fun, but you've tried that before. Try something different. Totally worth the money. Even though Zumanity is catered for straight, the show will be very entertaining for gays too.Tip: there is no bathroom break, so make sure to use one ahead of time.
4	I've seen this show at least 3X and it has definitely evolved since it opened in 2003.  I was fortunate to attend the premiere and the biggest difference is the amount of comedy they've added to the show over the years.  It used to be more serious about the sexual/sensual part of it. Anyone remember the 2 guys and the cages act they used to have?  But I honestly laughed out loud more at last week's show than at some of the comedy shows in town.  This is my 2nd favorite Cirque show with "O" being #1.
4	Extremely sensual and sexy, but I found some of the intermediate filler acts a little awkward.  The 3 acts that stood out are hoops girl, midget jacked dude flying around, and sexy twins water dance. I think I saw a few people leave because they were offended, but if you lighten up and have a few drinks, it'll be hilarious.
3	Frank-n-furter / Liza Minnelli host was campy and cheesy, some acts were gorgeous, some were less so. Lacked the Cirque du Soliel OMG wow factor. The show was a mix of funny and sexy, but we have high expectations from previous CdS performances.Highlights: - solo aerial bondage orgasm act: hot!- buff flying midget- school girl aerial hula-hooping and - 2 girls in a fish bowl- 2 guys wrestling in a cage with homoerotic tension- final orgy scene is spicy and playful- seeing incredibly fit cirque performers nearly nekidLow points:- audience members chosen for participation were duds last night, boring and inhibited.- comedy acts were hit and miss- show closed with two old people slow dancing, yawn- uber cheesy dialog: "isn't love grand!"- line for drinks was smokey and very very slow- cast doesn't come out to the lobby after the showWorth seeing, maybe not worth $300 for a front row love seat (although being that close was a treat)Take a date, don't take your mom.
5	They dragged me on stage and made me shake it with some other guy from the audience! Ahhhh! The actors were hilarious and total dynamic of the cast was really good. I was impressed by the two girls in the fishbowl. I'd definitely see the show again.
5	Aboslutely LOVED the Zumanity show. It was a hilarious and exciting celebration of sexuality. I will go again the next time Im in Vegas.
4	Starts off with 5 stars for the sexy Latino dude with the mohawk riding that motorcycle. Ride Ride Ride.. Rawr!Hahah ok... now to calm down.... I know someone who wanted to see this show. He said the only Cirque show that interested him was this one bc you had to be over 18 to see it. Freak!! Oh wait....I thought it was an interesting show to watch. I read a review in a travel guide that this show was trying too hard. Was it? In a way, yes, and that's where a star is lost. The skits were very interesting. Much more tempting than the Chippendale show, but maybe bc there was so much focus on the interaction and not so much focus on the meat market. Haha. I liked the skit with the ladies swimming in the giant wine glass and the ones with two lovers. The midget one was um... interesting. Lolz. One skit reminded me of hentai with some chick flipping around acrobatic style to sounds of moaning. Really? So sad... someone get her a partner! The other odd skit was a humorous one with some southern lady using beer in a bag for implants. Wth? Hahaha. But in the end, the show does get in your head. And you might want to have the sexy time afterwards.
4	This was our first Cirque du Soleil show. It was great! Entertaining throughout the entire show. 2 for $99 ticket special was definitely worth it!
5	Tits everywhere!Awesome! And I didn't get slapped by my wife for staring!Double Awesome!This show is not like a typical Cirque show, but it is. It wasn't raunchy at any point, but they got damn close with the Fabio look-alike striptease.But since they didn't cross the line and I didn't see French-Canadian trouser snake swinging like wet spaghetti, they get to keep their 5 star. The comic relief bits in between were a bit long winded, and somewhat childish- "Whiskey Tits"? I don't know about that.Favs:fish bowl bitches, hula hoop school girl, flying silk little person, bondage orgasm ropes act (having the ropes mic'd up was an awesome touch), orgy bit with audience participation at the end was awesome.The drag-queen host was great.
4	Fun and flirty, this Cirque show has evolved quite a bit over the years.  I got a package deal from New York, New York, that included two tickets, a fifty dollar dinner credit, two drinks from the Cirque Lounge,and a souvenir program.  The program is an art work in itself, and commmemorates this funny frolic.   Great seats in the front balcony.The acrobatic dance is sensual and mysterious and the champagne glass bath is classic.  Raunchy jokes and visual puns keep up the humor, and the show delivers that certain Cirque allure.
5	Great show, the actors are very interactive with the guest. Very funny and different. Would recomend to any one had a great time with my wife.
3	Sex and Cirque!  What a great idea right! Well the show is very solid. I don't really like stage setup though or the facility that New York New York holds it in. For it be such a small venue the seats feel far back. The performance were good but not amazing like the ones I have seen in other shows. The Hula hoop girl is pretty good though.
4	We walked passed the 1/2 price ticket outlet & thought why not- we got 2 front row tickets for the price of 1....loved the show! My husband & I laughed to the point of tears at times....a word of caution if you do not want to be part of the show sit at least 3 rows back.  Great,show full of naughty Vegas fun.  We would go again...but I do not need the front row experiance...I mean embassasment again...lol
5	This show was absolutely AMAZING! I would definitely go one hundred more times! Always giving you a laugh! They interact with the audience and bringing people up on stage putting them on the spot which everyone gets a kick out of. Everyone has a good time during the show. Never wanted it to end! Awsome acts by them also!
4	Great sexy show!!! Gonna go see it again!!!
3	I heard before seeing this show that you either love it or you hate it.  I was actually right in between.  It's not the best Cirque show in my opinion, but is unique and entertaining for sure.  There were moments I was a little bored, but then there were some amazing acrobatic moments as well.  I'm totally middle of the road with this one.  I'll definitely say though that if you aren't open-minded, scratch this show off your list and move onto the next.  ;)
4	Awesome!
4	Okay.. after my boyfriend and I went back and forth for 2 hours deciding if we want to see Zumanity or Ka [I wanted Zumanity, he was feeling iffy about it], we finally decided [I got my way] to see Zumanity!! Yay!It was my first Cirque show ever and I was like a little kid going to Disneyland. I heard that if you get there early, you can take photos outside the theatre with the performers. [Unfortunately, we overslept during our nap] so we missed that part. But when we arrived, there are photographers that take your photo [$44 a piece, but they usually give you a $5 coupon].Anyways! The drinks at the bar are themed and very funny [Blue Balls, anyone?] The prices were normal Vegas prices and drinks were yummy.Before the show even started, the performers walk around the theatre engaging with the audience, sitting on laps, feeding strawberries to guests, etc. Very entertaining! My favorite was the Southern blonde woman and her husband. Also, I loved the 2 chubby ladies! They were hysterical! The whole show was amazing, especially the girl who does the hula hooping and the two women in the glass swimming around. Only one scene had me kind of bored [Woman doing the bondage skit, moaning and groaning around]Definitely recommend this show to anyone with an open mind because it is a little sexual, but mostly in a comedic way!  [For example, Antonio loses his pompom ball that was covering his "parts" and runs through the audience with his "thing" flapping all over the place!!!]
5	trust me when i say this. I HAVE NEVER SEEN A SHOW LIKE THIS!.. and i mean it in a GOOD way. it was very intriguing and so fascinating.. i could not close my eyes.. this show is for ever open-minded person out there whether you're a lesbian, gay, transsexual, bisexual, or free-willed. Its a must see!!
2	Beyond the erotic appeal, those who have seen their share of acrobatic shows will probably not be impressed. The cast had great energy and the host was a doll but besides one or two acts, most of what you will see has been done before and stands out only because well.. they're naked. And I'm saying this as a girl who got center stage, front row tickets comped. I can only imagine how disappointed I would feel if I had paid the $150 or whatever to actually witness the event. There was a lack of sophistication to make you feel like you were attending a Vegas-level show. However, if you are trying to seduce your date, it may be worth the investment to set the evening right haha.
4	This show opens with hilarious overweight twins in nude suits hitting on audience members! I came here with 3 really good friends on a girls-only trip to Vegas, and Zumanity was one of the first on our list. We had seats in the third row, and I had a great time.The dancing in a lot of the scenes was sensual, beautiful and graceful. The Zumanity cast was chock full of energy!The water bowl dancing was so seamless and in-sync, that I held my breath throughout a good majority of it for fear that I would disrupt them! I don't think I blinked.I was too distracted by the dancing and hilarity of the performer-to-audience interaction that I wasn't even following the concept of their skits or whether it even made sense. It was definitely a playground of opportunity for "that's what she said." A lot of sex, a lot of birthday suits, a lot of cross-dressing for sure. It was all very interesting and is definitely not your every day, run-of-the-mill show.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!! Antonio was great! I laughed and laughed..The overweight twins we freaking hillarious! The audience members they brought on stage were troopers!
3	I prefer other cirque du soleil Shows.
5	C'est magnifique!! Absolutement merveilleux!! Encore un fois, bien gait Cirque du Soleil!! What can I say, I luv this show!! Hands down it's my favourite Cirque du Soleil performance show and I've seen alot of them. I would say 'O' would fall into second place.The devine hostess herself guides you thru sensual erotic fantasies of your every whim! You name it, it was beautifull portrayed by the talented  Cirque performers. I had a preconceived notion that the show would be raunchy and cheesy. I mean, even with the Cirque name I had to brace myself. But, I was pleasantly surprised! Each fantasy was tastefully depicted with a classy sensuality. Erotica that wasn't vulgar. There were tender femine acrobatic aquatic moments, powerful machismo fighting duet, plump cotton candy women being loved, couples embrace, latex bondage, arousing whip cracking dominatrix, and primal jungle lust!Whoa... It was HOT!!  I loved how Cirque designed this show by having the featured act centre stage but vitally creating a sorrounding fantasy that compliment the theme of the featured performance.Mmm... It was so sinfully decadent. All I have to say is that God really created the human body and it's a gorgeous work of art.Zumanity ... Bravisimo, bravisimo , bravisimo !!Embrace yourself, embrace your partner under showers of rose petals... Mmm... Ciao bello
4	IF you are a bunch of geeky looking IT dudes who probably haven't gotten any in awhile or you're a couple of overly sheltered little girls from some BFE (Butt Fuckin Egypt in case you didn't know) town, please refrain from attending Zumanity until you think you can act like a grown up.  Your hyena cackles and extremely obviously nervous giggles distract from something I'M TRYING TO ENJOY.  Let's be real.  Sex, sexuality in this country is so ass backwards that a lot people in this country are uncomfortable with anything related to sex.  Which is the only reason why I put up with the sexually repressed.Now, to the rest of you adults.  If you like erotica, sensuality, avant garde, tasteful nudity, campy humor and fun, you will love Zumanity.  Already knew this would have less acrobatics than the normal Cirque show as it involves erotica which is about slower movements.The host was super funny as well as other folks who were part of the comedic acts.  They were all very engaging of the audience members.  And thankfully we had some super cool audience members who played their parts well.My only complaint (which is about a lot of Vegas shows because they're trying to WOW you) is that too many acts/actions going on stage and my eyes couldn't keep up.  Neither could my head.  You want to focus on the main act but the little things going on the sides can detract.  Goat man was cool for his 2 main performances but the rest was distraction overkill.BTW, I just went and bought myself a couple of hula hoops because of Zumanity.  Ya'll who's seen the act will get what I mean :).03/04/12**mini rant**  Everyone's entitled to their own opinions but while reading through the low stars (too much time on my hands this day), sounds like some of you are looking for live soft porn, perfect 10 guys and girls with perfect huge tits (which isn't really technically possible for most women who are in that kind of great shape with very little body fat and having big tits to do some of these acts would just be in the way), seeing men kissing/interacting men as gross (uh...gay men exist ya know), the 2 large women should be invisible, etc.  Zumanity explores the desires of all people of shapes and sizes and sexual orientation with their acts which I give them MAD props for.
4	Zumanity the adult side of Cirque. I have seen this show three times and sat in three different sections. Helpful tip: If purchasing tickets, stay away from the lower orchestra as there are blocked views if too far back. Usually lower orchestra is considered premium seating at other venues, not in this case as is just below the low hanging balcony in which makes it difficult to view the arial acts going on up high.Great show for couples! Is a bit risque to take your mama or daddy to so stay clear of that, could make for some uncomfortable moments, common sense...just saying. I was expecting super sexy and erotic, is more mild than that. Did not give me that tingle and jump start I had been wanting or hoping for however was a fascinating show nonetheless. Creative, comedic and tastefully erotic...such a tease
2	My friend really liked this show but I didn't like it . No offense , but I found this show boring . I almost fell asleep ! It was mostly just acrobatics , dancing , and jokes which wasn't really funny . The only part I really liked about the show was when they called audience members up to the stage because that part was actually funny .
3	It was entertaining only because you see boobies and it got some good funny parts with interaction with the crowds.  Other than that no WOW factor on stage design or arial moves.  Just topless girls tumbling and dancing and the girls were ok nothing HOT.  If you want to see a sexual show with some hot girls i recommend crazy horse at mgm.
5	Let me just say I havent laughed so hard in quite awhile after seeing this show!Ive seen alot of Cirque du Soleil shows and most of them are boring to say the least, sure they do great acts but ussaly appealing to my parents age group. Im 21 and I thought Zumaniy was HILARIOUS !!!! Its not for everyone thats for sure, I read so many bad reviews about this show and I can only think that there humor is not mine. Best show on the strip. thats all I can say. Dont take your kids thats for sure!
5	I was totally not expecting to see a show when i came to Vegas. Heck i was just happy walking the strip and getting drinks at random bars at the hotel's and people watching!  When my awesome guy said we are seeing Zumanity at 10:00pm on a Saturday night i was in shock then excitment built up inside of me. Really... Really we get to go see Zumanity??!!Okay so im a complete dork about the smallest things in life, and this made me happy. We arrived there a little bit after the show started, but no worries we were able to get our tickets and hike up the windy yet beautiful staircase to our seats. The usher was friendly and welcomed us to the show, took a look at our tickets and we followed her to our seats. Our seats were in the upper orchestra section which were awesome, could see the whole stage. The show was enjoyable, sensuality and eroticism in all its forms and from all perspectives!! This is not a show for your parents, grandparents,anyone who blushes, or thinks this type of stuff is icky! For 90 minutes you are awestruck by the performers,costumes (well lack there of), acrobatics, dirty tongue in cheek jokes, and the unique music that makes Cirque du Soleil so darn cool!!
4	I went with a group of girls to Vegas and we decided on Zumanity. It was hilarious and if I were to go back to Vegas, I'd watch it with my husband too. All the performers were talented and there is something for everyone. The choreography, singing, skits and costumes were amazing. As always, Cirque de Soleil delivers and I am still a huge fan of their shows.Everyone has different tastes and opinions, but these are my favorite shows in order:1.) O2.) Love3.) Zumanity
5	I have a thing for sensuality, and to intermingle it with cirque in such a way was fantastic
2	We got free tickets to this show due to booking a room at NYNY and I'm glad we didn't pay.  This was the first Cirque show I've been to and I'm assuming the others would have been a better choice.They have a lot of crowd interaction and so if you're sitting on the main floor (especially the front row), get ready to participate. The crowd members who were brought up on the stage did a very good job and were willing to play along with what they were asked to do. Some was a little awkward but being a viewer and not a participant, we found it quite entertaining.Acts featured a lot of female nudity and a couple of fully dressed men. Basically you see a lot of boobs. A lot. Really not what I was expecting or looking to see. A ballerina without her top on? Probably not what her parents imagined... Overall, I wasn't wow'd and wouldn't go again. The gift shop features some fun gifts that range from Cirque souvenirs to sex shop treats. We didn't find that the shop was open unless a show had just ended though.
4	This show was really funny! The 2 girl act in a big glass was interesting, but I really like Edie, the MC, the two big sisters, and the funny couple with the french husband. It was just an entertaining show. The crowd interaction was awesome. A few people were brought on stage to participate and it was hilarious. One older lady was brought up and she was visiting from Maine, and her whole family was sitting in the audience - but she didn't care what she was doing!! That was funny!I wish there was more male things going on, besides the constant titties - I didn't mind it, but make it equal - some for guys, some for girls. The hoola hoop act was really good. It's hard to keep all of those hoola hoops spinning while you are spinning yourself and flying through the air! Give her props!It was a fun, couples type show to go to in Vegas. I took my in-laws to O, don't take them to this one!
3	Dirty. Raunchy. and Boobies. Located in NYNY, I begged the boyfriend to taxi it there cause it was hot outside and I was laaaaaazy. heheh. So yes, we taxied it to the end of the strip and waited in a loooong line. Surprising because it was a line for people already with tickets. I don't know why it took so long. ;( poo. We came in and took pictures. The ladies who took our pictures were creative and the sweetest dears ever. Came into the show a little late but I dont' think we missed much. Bf was pleased that there was more boobie action as opposed to the other option. I mean I give it credit for being creative and nice use of all the boobies they've got running around on that stage, but I've seen my fair share of cirque shows but this one wasn't my favorite. Audience interaction was lacking and some of the jokes were a little dry. And to be honest, after being in the sun all day and etc I fell asleep during some parts. I had to pinch myself to stay awake and drink my soda constantly.
3	This was fun. Got a little board at times.
5	This show was so much fun!  I really enjoyed it.  It was funny and the performers were very talented and entertaining.  There was alot of bare breasts and thongs.  Some of the men were attractive, but I don't enjoy seen a man in a sparkling thong.. eww.  or cut off daisy-dukes.. lol.  My favorite act was probably the 2 girls in the big see-thru tub with water.  Very cool.  Great for couples.  And if you are sitting close to the stage, prepare to participate in the show!  Fun, Fun!!
4	This show was fantastic and fun! I am surprised that people got so offended seeing boobs.  Sorry but get over it.  Was this a classic cirque show..NO!  Was it filled with fantastic acrobats, contortionists, aerialists that were amazing performers and beautiful to watch...YES!I went to Zummanity not knowing what to expect other then an adult theme, which it had.  I loved the clowns in the beginning and the people pulled on stage were hilarious.  I am not a prude by any means, but I didn't think the show crossed the line at all.The acts were sexually themed, but who cares.  I wasn't watching naked people on stage have sex.  I was watching very talented people perform.  The two girls in the fishbowl were incredible contortionists.  So graceful and beautiful.Overall I highly recommend this show, I liked it better then some of the others on the strip.  If your prudish then stay away.  Makes for a great date night.
5	I really enjoyed this show - entertaining, sexy, incredible talent. IMHO, it put Ka to shame. Loved all the audience participation (were they selected before the show?) Great theatre - but the ONLY issue was that the seats were really tight.
5	WOW!! I was invited to Vegas for an all expenses paid trip by a good friend, to celebrate another friends 21st birthday. The first night we all arrived we had tickets to see Chippendales, that review will be next. None the less that is a different kind of show, we were very loud at that one.The second night was Zumanity, and to my surprise a ticket had been purchased for me! I had not read up on it or anything so I really did not know what to expect. It had a fantastic opening, I won't tell to much because it was so amazing, I don't want to give it all away. I have to say it was naughty, fantastic, beautiful, sexual, mesmerizing, enchanting, hilarious, incredible, intense, stunning, and there was so much talent! The costumes were spectacular! Really well done!Having been at Chippendales the night before, I may have gotten a bit carried away, or not. They said at Zumanity, the more noise you make the more the performers know you appreciate what they are doing, that's all I needed to hear for me to make some noise. I wanted to switch it up from my usual, and suddenly Charo came out of my mouth. Reminded me of her in retrospect. Do not know how to explain the sound in letters. I was loud, my friends even looked at me and one of the performers whom I call Breakfast at Tiffany's, glanced in my direction and smiled. I was louder than the instrument's. I had to remind myself I wasn't at Chippendales. It was a blast.I have to say it was one of the most amazing shows I have seen in a really long time. If you get a chance to see it and the human body doesn't bother you go. It is really fantastic!
5	SEX, HUMOR, JEALOUSY, RAGE, DRAG QUEENS, FAUX-MACHO HUNKS, FAT LADIES, MIDGETS - it's ALL a part of ZUMANITY!THIS is what you do in VEGAS!  YESSSSS!!!!Zumanity was definitely a highlight of my Vegas experience!  It's everything you think of when you're visiting what's supposed to be such a wild and crazy city.  There's so much action going on during the whole show.  Lots of laughs.  The live singing was a plus!  It's not for the prudish or faint of heart.  (And if you are, get your ass in there and watch the show - live a little!)  Tips:- Stroll on over to NYNY and buy tix early in the day.  The line is shorter and we got 3rd row seats with a great discount thru AAA.- Oh, don't make direct eye contact with the performers or find yourself ON STAGE.  ;)- Take a look in the "peepholes" on the walls outside of the theater!  Pick up some tricks...
4	Cirque du Soleil's first foray into the adult themed show which has paved way for their newest at the Caesar's Palace. The show is raunchy, in your face, and should be taken with a grain of salt. I have heard people announce their shock and dismay after the show, but please do your research or at least ask the ticketing agent what the theme of the show is going to be before purchasing. I would not suggest taking your grandmother to a show like this, but it was a fun show to see with friends around your age. Preferably friends that you don't mind seeing scantily clad men and women parading around on stage with. I did not think that the production was going for gratuitous erotica, but instead found it more of a broad view on human sexuality. When I went, I went with a friend that leans more towards the conservative side. Watching her squirm was like having a show within a show.
5	Fantastic show.  Wanted to see it when I was here in 2005, and couldn't get tix.  Got to see it this time with free tix as part of Expedia package.  This was an AWESOME SHOW!  Loved it, I think they could make a show just from the 4 comedic acts.
5	LOVED:1. The host :) 2. The intimate theatre (NO bad seats!)3. Beautiful bodies of the performers, especially the martini glass contortionists. DIDN'T LOVE: 1. The male contortionist act was a little off-putting for me. Still an incredible feat, but I just don't think they pulled that off as sexy. Not for me, anyway! Still, I can't subtract a star. I loved this show, raunchiness and all!!
4	I've seen this show twice.  Experience No. 1 - My boss took me - AWKWARD! Experience No. 2 - Close friend and coworker. Also awkwards, but a fun evening. All the seats are good and I LOVE the fact that you can bring beverages in with you.
5	My parents had seen Zumanity several years before this and were very offended, which is exactly why we chose it.  I can totally understand why they were offended.  It was a very adult show, which we both really enjoyed.  DO NOT go to this show if you are easily offended or in any way made uncomfortable by things of a graphically sexual nature.  There are so many other Cirque shows to go to.  Don't spend $100 on this ticket if you think it might be too much.  On the other hand, if you like raunchy humor and the amazing acrobatics Cirque is famous for this is for you.  Most of the women spend the whole show in lingerie- thongs and bras.  Often they end of completely topless.  The men generally dress like the typical Chippendale's dancer would.  My favorite part of the show was a midget that did aerial acrobatics on two curtains.  Amazing regardless but really amazing considering that he was 4 feet tall.  My wife loved the two women that did water acrobatics in a glass that was only 3 feet deep.  I couldn't believe when they would dive into it even though it was only 3 feet deep.It was still a Cirque du Solei show and still had its really weird parts. Very funny was this guy with a HUGE cape (25 feet diameter) that would run across the stage between acts.  Silly. They did have a lot of interactive points.  At one point they pulled a middle aged woman (teacher) from the audience and put her into sexual positions with one of the actors.  I imagine she was horrible embarrassed!If you love all things raunchy and sexual, see this show.  If not, see Mystere.
3	When my friends and I were talking about seeing a Cirque show, one of my friends mentioned that she wanted to see this because it was a very adult themed show. I thought I wouldn't have fun, but I actually enjoyed it. It's by no means "O", but it was still pretty good. I think because I've seen the best that I'm always going to use it as a benchmark to compare any Cirque shows I will see. This show does have acrobatics and such, but in the same magnitude as "O". The audience engagement is quite amusing! An old lady was brought to the stage for the orgy scene and she was enjoying herself a little too much! She was really getting into it with one of the performers, the madame hostess had to put her on the spotlight but she kept on and on! Another fave was the 2 swimming ladies in the huge fishbowl sort of thing. That was insanely good. Another one of my faves was the guy who would occasionally fly in with this huge cloth like wings that's probably 30 feet across. Random, but amusing. Female performers are almost always baring their breasts, male performers are dressed almost like Chippendales guys. So don't go if you're easily offended by this. Paid around $80 (including our student discount, which you should take advantage of if you're a student, as one valid student I.D. is good for 2 people) and had nice seats. Great deal.
5	We went to see Zumanity when we were in Vegas and we really enjoyed it. Is it the best Cirque show? No, but it is good. We loved the way they blended sensuality, sexuality, acrobatics and dancing together to form something different. That combination is what sets this show apart. I have to agree with other reviewers that if you are easily offended by sexuality, nudity, alternate lifestyles or vulgarity, this is not the show for you. Do yourself a favor and go see one of the other Cirque De Soleil shows on the strip. If you have no qualms with any of that or are open minded, it's worth the price of admission.I will say that I had wished we had better seats. We bought our tickets through a promotional package. Our seats were in the balcony section. I would have rather been on the lower level closer to the stage not only so we could see some of the performance better, but also in hopes we could be one of the audience members pulled onto stage. That was part of the fun of this show, was the audience participation either before the show started or during the show. I learned my lesson. The entire show was entertaining, made us laugh and was just fun in general. I will also say thanks to this show, when we returned home I bought my wife a bunch of hula hoops and a short plaid skirt. Oh yeah!
5	Great show! It blends comedy, sexuality, arial acrobats, and dance into one very entreating package. The M.C. who opens the show ( while people are still getting seated so arrive early) was very funny and got several members of the audience envolved. My favorite performance was the two women doing aquatic acrobats in a fish bowl (very cool). Don't be fooled and think this is some sort of strip show or somewhere a bunch of guys would go for a bachelor party because it's not at all. It's just a very entertaining Cirque show. With boobies.
2	If you like traditional Cirque shows, this is not for you. There is very little acrobatic or "strong man" performance in this one. I absolutely expected the nudity and "racy" script but I just didn't care for the shows' sense of humor or acts. Neither my husband or I found it terribly entertaining. Just a bummer that we expected more action like a typical Cirque de Soleil. = (Bummer
5	Excellent show, This is a very good show and has amazing production value for a Vegas show ( which should be expected for a Cirque Du Soleil show) If you are unsure about topless shows but want to check it out this is a must. If you have seen other topless vegas show you will also enjoy this show. We ordered our tickets though Vegas.com and got 3rd row seats at balcony price. The performers come out into the audience and interact with you and actually pulled 3 or 4 people onto the stage to be apart of the show( they were actual audience members not planted cast members. ( if you dont want to interact just tell them no thanks you and they will move on, or buy tickets further back it is a very big theater and they only seemed to pull people in the first few rows. ) The show was interesting and you almost forget there are topless woman on the stage and topless men for the ladies. I have seen a number of topless vegas shows and this is one of the best. These are very talented performers and there is a good deal of acrobatics and dancing. If you only see one show in Vegas see this one.  ** Best for Couples or a group of woman** Don't take your mom to this show it cold be awkward,**
5	Looking for a Cirque du Soleil show? 3 starsLooking for a sensual burlesque review? 5 starsIf you've seen a couple of Cirque shows you will have higher expectations than what you get out of Zumanity. There is less variety of acts and most of the acts are versions of dance. If you are looking for a burlesque show with more to it than your standard T&A stripper act? This is the best one you'll find. The dancing on a bolt of silk while dangling from the cieling act is turned into a amazing performance of sensual bondage and rubber. The synchronized swimmers are a homo-erotic pair of beautiful women scintillating the voyeuristic audience in a large glass bowl. The costuming is brilliant and they were extremely successful and combining the acrobatic talent Cirque is known for with varied expression of sexuality. Again - if you are looking for a Cirque show, try Love or Mystere. But if you're looking for a higher-class version of a burlesque/T&A show (that is couples friendly), this is the best one in Vegas.
4	Zumanity is a very interesting show I must say. I went in expecting nothing but boobies and I got more views of boobies then one can ask for in one night. I got discounted tickets, summer promo, $100 for 2 tickets. We watched the 10 pm showing on a Friday, and it was a full house in a small theater space. There was a total of 4 us, me my bf, and 2 of our friends.Upon arrival, we were escorted to our seats by a lady who wore a very interesting dress. We were about 15 minutes early to our showing, and they had a little pre show going on.This show is very entertaining, a lot of topless ladies walking around casually. What caught me off guard was that it was a show that was interactive with the audiences. I was so afraid that they would come up to me and pick me to go on stage and do something. It was very funny watching them harass and molest other viewers. My favorite part of the show, was then they had 2 ladies, swimming / dancing / I don't know what they were doing in the huge glass cup. Watching them dive right into the water and slide right out so careless and flawlessly that it amazed me! More then a few times, when they dive back in, I would hope my breath hoping that they wouldn't run into each other. Too bad I wasn't allowed to take pictures during the show, if not, I would have taken some to post.One creepy thing that catch my attention like a million times over is that one guy who runs around on stage and within the aisle of seats like an animal. He sends out scary vibes. :( Downer is that this show is so entertaining I wished it would have been longer. And this show is strictly all about sex sex sex! I was hoping that there would be some sort of story line. For sure, I will watch this show again, but maybe after I watch all the other Cirque du Soleil.
5	My experience with Cirque du Soleil shows is limited  as I've only been to this one and Mystere, but this is a really good show!From beginning to end, this show was funny, raunchy - and basically just plain fun. There is nudity and obviously there is sexuality depicted in the show, so if this is not your thing, this is not the show for you.If you sit in the front, you definitely run the risk that the performers will make you a part of the entertainment, but everyone is fair game. Discount tickets are definitely available at the many discount ticket vendors on the strip, so definitely take advantage of this option if you can. We sat in the balcony, and could see pretty well (some guy kept leaning forward and so I had to keep adjusting), but I'm sure that sitting on the main floor would have been better.
5	Hands down Best show I saw in Vegas and I've seen a number of show which you'll see after I post all my reviews! :) You definitely want to get there 30 minutes before show time because the party is already starting. I don't what to give everything away but even though I've seen this show I would love to see it again! This is a great show for all sexualities! Oh and if you're shy you probably don't want to sit too close to the stage. :D I know a lot of people complained about the nudity( get over it it's just breasts!), but it's honestly not too much for a Vegas sensual show. There are some very talented dancers, acrobats, and comedians. I Loved, Loved, Loved it!!!
5	Great show.  Very interactive and Sexy.
5	With my first experience with Cirque du Soleil, this was a great introduction. From what I hear, a lot of the other shows have a great storyline to keep you going. Zumanity, on the other hand, exposes the skill of their artists in a sexy, seductive attitude.For each of the main parts of the show, they were smooth and elegant while highlighting the, ahem, finer parts of the body. But the in-between moments were filled with raunchy and funny skits and audience interactions that seems typical of Vegas. Everyone in the front is pretty much fair game for the entertainers to use you, abuse you, and play with you ;)Either way you'll enjoy the amazing acrobatics and the sensuality that is kitschy but if you just buy into it, you'll love it.
4	Fun night out... The "cirque" part was underplayed...Dancers were dancers more than acrobats...But as a classy burlesque show with some really fun audience participation and comedy, the night was a true success!
2	The show is supposed to capture sensuality! Well the performance isn't up to the mark. It didn't seem like a good fit to have acrobats mix with supposed erotica. The funny bits are so predictable you could see them from a mile. There is some audience participation but mainly from front rows. The venue is nice but that's just about it. I wouldn't mind seeing it if I have seen all other shows or am being comped :)
2	Maybe I'm just a Cirque Du Soleil snob, but... what the hell was this??I mean, I knew the show was different, but that was way too far from the other side of the spectrum. I saw this show two years ago, so I've seen many other Cirque Du Soleil shows in between to compare.I guess this was their attempt at a "sexy" show like some other burlesque type shows on the strip. They should really stick to what they're good at though. The tempo of the show was very slow. There was more talking than there were acrobatics. At least tickets for the show were cheap (about $50 each). Definitely good if you're on a budget. I wish I didn't spend my money on this show though. If you're looking for a more traditional Cirque Du Soleil show, avoid this one. Go see "O" or "Ka".
5	My FIRST Cirque show and I can't wait to see more. This show is super sexual but hilarious. There was great audience interaction but I think I'd be too embarrassed to go on stage. My friends and I really enjoyed the scene with the water tank and also the girl in the school girl outfit and hoops. I especially enjoyed the skits though because they were hilarious. I've heard that Zumanity is super different from the other Cirque shows so if you've seen others, I'm not too sure you would enjoy this one. It was hilarious when the guy pulled out a banana and had a couple take a bite. This is a great show but hard to describe. It's one of those things you have to be there to know about. But if you're not the skittish type when it comes to sexuality and sensualness, you should enjoy the show :] Just go and watch it with an open mind.
4	I have seen many Cirque shows over the years so I know what to expect from them. This one was totally out of left field and is billed as the Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil. Boy, oh boy, more like the KINKY side for sure! Sex!Nudity!Wild Dancing!Sexy performers!Crazy acrobatics!Comedy!Strap-ons!Toto - we're definitely not in Kansas anymore!If you are a bit of a prude and can't handle watching this type of subject matter surrounded by an audience do not see it. If you prefer the standard type of Cirque show do not see it. If you can't handle large women dressed in leather and fishnets feeding you strawberries at your seat do not go see it. If you like risque adventures and have an open mind then go see it by all means.Lots of skits all featuring sexy performers. The performers many times come into the audience to interact, and even drag a few onto the stage. If you are sitting in one of the special love seats along the stage be prepared as you might become a target for the performers. As with all their shows the music and singing is top notch.Do not, I repeat, do not bring your parents or family members to see this. Go with your wife, husband, boyfriend, girlfriend, partner, or sex buddy. Be prepared to enjoy an adventure of the human body and all aspects of sexuality that accompanies it. Also, the chick performing with the hoops in the air is smoking hot!
3	Zumanity - the sensual side of Cirque du SoleilI don't know if I'm quite sold....I heard great things about this show, and I was really excited to see it.  It was hot and raunchy, but some of the skits were kind of.. unnecessary?  I know they're trying to add comedy into the mix.. but some of it was just blehh..  Random?  I was expecting sexy costumes, sexual acrobats.. I guess there was some of that.. but I was hoping for more.The hostess.. or host.. (it was a guy dressed in drag and he was AWESOME at it!) was pretty good.  I really liked how she would engage the audience and ask, "So what does this make you want to do?"  It's always such an awkward response - hilarious!The black girl with the African ensemble was freaking AMAZING.  She had the body of a goddess, and her dancing was hypnotizing.  Terrific performer.The singing was ok.The dancing was ok.  More acrobatics please.  I like the fishbowl skit.. MORE OF IT!!There was just too much talking.In the end, I was just not turned on!  :P
5	Not for the easily offended.  Definitely puts the sin back in SIn CIty.  If you want impressive physical feats that Cirque is known for and also some bonus laughs (and plenty of females nekked!), this show is for you.  It would be tough to find a bad seat in the theater, so don't worry.  Just relax and enjoy the ZUMANITY!
5	I'm convinced this is the planet Lady Gaga is from.What a show! I've only seen two shows in vegas and this was the second and boy was it... sexual. There is no holding back in here, no topic is off limits and the end of the show leaves you very... satisfied.I went in not knowing what to really expect besides nudity and crazy acrobatics but it turned out being pretty damn funny too. There is a lot of audience participation and the show definitely ends with a "bang" haha.After leaving the show sex was definitely in the air... While waiting in line to buy a drink at a bar close to the theater entrance some random drunk chick walked up to me and asked if she could lick my face. I mean, I'm not gonna NOT let some chick lick my face, it is Vegas. That quickly turned into a zumanity style kiss that tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.Fellas, I guess the pro tip would be if you're not going to see the show, chill by the bar near the show and wait for all the drunk and sexually excited women to swarm out.Gotta love Vegas.
5	parking near the casino is lucky so either park and walk or do the valet.I LOVE THIS SHOW!  Its the ONLY 21 and OVER Cirque show.  One thing that gets me happy about this show is the LIVE SINGER.  She's so awesome, i wish she had a nice pop album to buy to show her how much i loved her singing and emotion that she caused for the show.I'm not comparing this to Beatles Love Cirque but this woman is live and she makes you feel the moves and the actions of all the performers.  I can't believe she sings like this twice a day all week.  To hit her cues, and to reach the emotion that you can feel it while they perform, its incredible.Its a slightly more sexual show.  Its really for adults.  The clowns in the beginning they walk around with dildos in their coat pockets..so they will entertain you for the 20 to 30 minutes before the actual show starts...thats how cool that is.I must say this though.  The two guys wrestling in the cage, that kind of suprised me, i assume it was supposed to be like a prison scene...thats all you need to know.  If you want to know more...GO SEE THE SHOW.
3	As a CDS fan, and one who've seen many of their shows, I can't say that this one sold me.I knew this would be a sexual show, but it wasn't as sexual as I thought it would be; just topless female performers, very ripped male performers, sexual dancing, and a hostess in drags. There didn't seem to be a theme with this show, except, sexuality I guess. Unlike most CDS, this one was somewhat funny. They asked for volunteers, one male and one female. Of course the show I went to was funny because the female volunteer was buzzed and slutty - a very entertaining combination! The poor male volunteer was frightened and a bit confused whether he should go along with the act and risk getting slammed by his gf/wife later, or hold himself back.What did excite me (no pun intended) was the entrance to the theatre. There were peepholes in the velvet-covered walls of the walkway that had provocative pictures; I thought that was very creative and unique. The lighting was red and dark; evoking a bedroom theme .Of course, the performers were all amazing at their acts. Some acts were more riveting than others, but all so talented nonetheless.
5	The wife and I have been making an annual pilgrimage to Vegas for about 9 years now.  We have not "repeated" any shows up to this point.  We first saw Zumanity about 5 years ago and decided to go back this year.  THIS IS THE BEST SHOW EVER!!!  Women should wear absorbent panties and men should wear loose fitting pants.  Enough said... GO SEE THIS SHOW!!!
5	Beautiful women doing amazing things whilst wearing next to nothing AND you can take your wife or girlfriend to it and she'll enjoy it? Sounds like a winner to me. The feats of muscle and balance are amazing to watch and all of the accompanying songs and music are performed live. The show is a mix of raunchiness and romance and does a good job of not going too far in either direction. Oh, and did I mention the women are mostly topless (and mostly pasty free) and wearing the skimpiest of clothing everywhere else? There's some eye candy for the ladies too though us guys definitely get the better end of the deal as far as quantity goes. There's a bar within the theater with some good drinks and the prices aren't too out of this world.
3	Pretty good show. If you're in Vegas, I recommend seeing it (and stay far FAR away from the"CSI: Experience", it is ungodly terrible). There is a lot of crowd interaction that personalizes Zumanity. It's filled with tons of comedic skits. However, I expected it to push the envelope further with the sexual idea---considering it's Vegas---but the show is pretty tame in that respect. Overall, a good show that is well worth the price.
1	A woman sitting behind me but a few seats over silently puked all over herself in the red velvet (read: not very cleanable) seats just as the show was starting. Seriously, people, get your shit together!!! This also happened to me recently on the shuttle home from a wedding. Alcohol can get the best of anyone, but there's simply no excuse for adults getting so drunk they can't even figure out that they need to get to a bathroom (or try to do so!). I am personally embarrassed for the women I've seen do this because they were just too old for that kind of behavior. Even an 18 year old should know better.Staff were alerted and they attempted to clean the mess in the dark which temporarily masked the smell with ammonia, but it was not gone and just became more and more unbearable as I couldn't get away from it and grew more and more annoyed about how the show was rendered the opposite of sensual. STENCH OF VOMIT = MOJO KILLER.I had hardly been able to get into my seat since I had to climb over 12 or so people who did not even try to move their legs for me (btw, I am very small). Not to mention I was dead center in the 5th row, so it would be very noticeable by the performers if I got up, and I might even interrupt the show by accident with them moving through the aisles and soaring over the audience and such. I told myself to just... hold... out... for... intermission. At one point, another woman (it appears our sense of smell is much stronger) in my row who was closer to the aisle managed to get the staff to come clean the area again. They were not close enough to me to get their attention without drawing the attention of everyone in the section. The second cleaning helped but faded after a few minutes again. And intermission... never... came. By the time the show was ending, the smell was so overwhelming that I was very near puking myself. And in no mood to go out and drink (though I tried and failed).I was pissed because I spent a lot of money to get this one night in Vegas that was pretty much ruined. I knew it wasn't Cirque's fault per se but I was sure that when I complained they would do something to make the horrendous experience up to me. Because it definitely wasn't my fault, and that's what customer service is all about. But NO, I was completely shut down with nothing more than an apology and a "This is Vegas" attitude. In fact, I was told it was my own fault for not being an asshole and getting myself reseated during the very dark and very busy show. I wasn't even referred to someone higher up I could talk to. The show was great but the customer service was abysmal. I doubt it was the first time anything like this has happened, so I do think it's Cirque's responsibility to make sure that one customer can't easily ruin the experience of many others. It's not just Vegas -- Cirque pushes 32 oz. drinks on its audience members before virtually locking them into their seats for 2 hours straight. I wouldn't be surprised if drunkards poop themselves too. Ushers seat everyone and maybe it's their responsibility to identify people who are too drunk to participate in the show. Cirque, I've been a long time fan, and you owe me better treatment.
5	Wahoo! A cirque show that didn't make me wanna slit my wrist or stare at my watch!Zumanity is the best Cirque show, ever. Sexy, crass, raunchy, exotic, sexy, spicy, funny, and erotic. It is the VEGAS side of Cirque... Sensual, not so much...The cast is beautiful, talented, funny, and charming. The show is MCed by a drag queen. Then goes on to explore sex. Gay, straight, lesbian, props, it's all there! Definitely go to this show with a lover... You'll have a lot of fun and strike up some creative ideas and places to do your "thang."This show is more topless than anything. As far as the men go, it's all butts, no nuts. As in most (all in my opinion) Cirque shows, there is no real story, just an overall theme.
5	oh Cirque you definitely delivered for my first vegas show ever!hot men, hot women, hot sets, hot songs with amazing live vocals, hot acts and acrobatics... I can't do the show justice.  get your ass to a discount ticket kiosk on the strip, choose balcony seating, and prepare yourself to get twerked up and turned on for 90 mins straight
3	I really wanted to love this show, but I guess my expectations were too high. This was the first Cirque du Soleil show I watched, and it was pretty entertaining, though I wasn't "wowed" or anything.The girls were hot. The guys were hot. There were jokes (some funny, some not so much). Acrobats. Dancing. They even grabbed some audience members to join in on their sexy fun.The show wasn't very cohesive, but nonetheless, it was a good show, though I wouldn't watch it again. I definitely want to see "Love" and "O" next time.Would I recommend this show? Yes, if what you're looking for is something a little more "adult" and sensual. Personally, it just wasn't my thing, but this is definitely a good production.
5	My very first Vegas show and may I just say................WOW. Amazing show. Amazing acrobatic moments.
5	Wow!  Funny, sexy, great theatre, amazing performance!  Adult, but not embarrassingly so.
5	I thought in many ways it was better than O. And not because of the boobs.  It was a very good funny show.
4	BOW-CHICA-WOW-WOWI'm not going to go though a play by play, but the show was very entertaining and it has a little bit of something for just about everybody, whether you might be straight, gay, or other. It was also really pretty funny.I have to admit though, in terms of just pure sexiness, i have to say that this isn't the sexiest cirque that i've seen. Yeah, the chicks are naked, but i guess that leaving something to the imagination is sexier to me.
5	I'm still speechless. A topless cirque du soleil??   YES PLEASE!!A gorgeous cast??  YES PLEASE!!Jaw dropping acts??  YES PLEASE!!I have absolutely loved every CIrque show I've seen so far, but this one trumps them all.There isn't much to say that 500+ others haven't already said.  WOW WOW and WOW!  I had so much fun that I almost cried when it was over.  MUST SEE!P.S. don't bring your grandmother..ha
5	I LOVE zumanity. I love how they begin entertaining the audience as we wait for the show to begin. I wasn't expecting any comedy but they were hilarious! There was a lot of amazing talent, including the singers (WOW). My boyfriend was  totally skeptical towards watching this show but he ended up loving it in the end! I would totally see this show again. It was very sexy, edgy, and erotic. Tip: Get yourself the zumantini or the blue balls drink....super delishhh
3	Not quite four stars, but I wish they had three and a half. This show is everything it says it is and isn't. Topless women in bath tubs, topless acrobatics, topless everything. And I'm afraid to say, slightly naked men for the women in the audience as well.Ive watched this show twice. Surprisingly it doesn't disappoint. And it's been changed up a bit as well. As far as jokes and sexual acts go and so forth. It really is a show for ones true wild side. Drag queens, half naked fat women. A practically elastic yet flexible guy. Crude humor, school girl outfits. People singing, instruments, I can go on. But why spoil it. It's art in motion in some sense. And very different from all the other cirque de soleil shows. Not for kids. And not for people who are easily offended. Especially if you sit up at the very front seats. Best believe you will be part of the show. Like it or not. It's a great change up, and is something you can't take your eye off of. I recommend this show to both young and old couples. It has a bit of everything.
5	Stunning!
4	Great show! They keep the action coming. My eyes zoomed from one corner of the stage, to the other, even to the rafters, they were everywhere! Lots of crowd interaction so if you don't want to be selected do not sit too close.Tons of entertainment. My favorite scene of this show is the the huge martini glass filled with water. There are two ladies who do some extreme acrobatic routines in the glass. That in itself is worth the ticket price. Very professional. Crossed multiple cultural boundaries and stuck true to the title. I will see another play by Cirque du Soleil.
5	Loved it! Sexy, Fun and a overall great show!
4	This was a great show!  If you have ever seen a live performance of the Rocky Horror Picture Show, then you will more or less know what to expect here.The performers were great, the orchestra was fantastic, and the opening was quite amusing!  Hell, they even worked a flying midget into the show!The only reason I gave four stars instead of five was because there just wasn't as much acrobatics as I would have expected for a cirque show.  However, as a stage show it was pretty fabulous.My favorite part of the show was the fish bowl, where two scantily clad beauties were swimming together in a large martini glass.  It was beautifully done, and sexy as hell!Pretty much the whole show was sexy, and definitely a show for couples.  Just know going in that it's more sex and less cirque, and you will definitely enjoy your evening!
4	This is my second Cirque show and I absolutely loved it! Entertaining from start to finish, this is a great show to see in Vegas!This one was HILARIOUS - I mean I laughed 99% of the time. They did lack slightly on the  actual performances (meaning I could spot some mistakes, one asphyxiation scene was down-right awkward, and they didn't have the big-air capacity that the last show I saw had). Other than a few complaints the show was beautiful, sexy, and funny and I highly recommend it as long as you aren't with anyone you would feel weird watching 9 1/2 weeks with...
4	I've seen this show twice, once with my husband and once with my mom (and yes that was awkward). I really enjoyed this show because it is so funny! It still has the shock and awe of Cirque acrobatics, but it has a lot more humor (and sex!) than other similar shows.I also love all of the audience participation. The actors pull people out of the crowd and shamelessly embarrass them.  It's pretty great! You do have to have an open mind when you see this show, though.  It's pretty graphic and there are some...shall we say...alternative acts in there. One of the funnest shows on the Strip.
1	I was terribly disappointed in this show. I love Cirque du Soleil, and despite the fact that they call this the "sensual" side of CdS, I would probably have just called it a strip show and may have enjoyed it more if the tickets had cost 15 bucks. Not $125. There were maybe 2 "sensual" scenes in it, and the rest just seemed to be topless dancers faking orgasms. This is probably great if you are a horny guy (or gal) and just want to see a bunch of people faking orgies, orgasms, etc., but if you are looking for a quality show, look elsewhere. There are two acrobatic scenes (one with a midget and one with a gal with hulahoops) that are really incredible. And a really beautifully done water scene with two women - but other than that, I truly, TRULY thought the show was awful. We were truly disappointed.
4	HUBBA HUBBA! Sexy, hilarious, jaw-dropping, raunchy. I always love the audience participation Cirque has. I think Zumanity is one of those shows that you'll either love or not think much of. There is no story line, just dirty humor, seductive acts, and always, acrobatics that make you squeemish or astonished or amazed throughout the entire show. I loved it. :)
1	The worst Cirque du Soleil show that I've seen. And I've seen a lot. Where do they get off charging so much for a ticket. Don't waste your money and go see "O" or Love. The attempt at being "sexy" (which it was NOT) distracted them from the essence of why people go see these shows in the first place. There was an act where the women was masturbating with ropes as she is pulled up and down in the air. There was no music just her moaning. Of course she was faking, the worse faking I've ever heard. It was flat out stupid! I was not impressed and was fully let down.
3	i LOVE cirque du soliel shows, but this one got boring near the end. I guess because they put a ton of acrobatics near the end which does get repetitive, but it is a great show besides that. 98 percent of the females are toless. everyone wares a covering for their junk. there is a drag queen and fat naked ladies, plus a giglio and a sex obsessed couple which are funny and interact with the audience which i always appreciate but they need to revamp the last 20 mins which get boring
5	There are two types of Cirque shows:  1.)  traveling 'small' shows which typically are intimate, in the round, and offer circus like things (Alegria, Kooza, Corteo) OR 2.) spectacular spectaculars (Viva Elvis, Beatles LOVE, O, Mystere).  ZUMANITY is in category one, except it isn't traveling.  Instead it's at the NYNY in Vegas.  However ---- it's also in a category all its own.  Since it's R-rated.  Cirque + Vaudeville humor + Burlesque stylings.  Please note I didn't say X-rated.  You won't see anything below the belt.  Just boobies.  And if you're into big round floppy boobies, or big fake salad bowl boobies -- you're going to be disappointed.  The boobies are few and far in between... and the cups do not runneth over.  In fact, deep in the show when you see a woman take to one of those stripper bars, the boobs were so small I wondered if she was a dude.And that's not a silly thing to say in a show that's hosted by a drag queen.  In a show that gets visited by a Prince-like man in heels pulling various giant fabric flags -- apparently the opening ceremonies to the Gay Olympics.   There's even amorous moments between players on the same teams.  So what is CRITICAL to know about Zumanity is that it's not Jubilee (Fank Thucking God).  That is to say if you and your Bible can't stand anything but monogamous heterosexual sex, my oh MY are you in the wrong theater.  (Or really, maybe in the right one.)Speaking of the theater:  it's gorgeous.  Cirque always does a great job with their interiors and this one was no exception.  It's a shame it wasn't set up as a cabaret -- with tables and drinks -- because it would have perfectly matched the show's atmosphere.Okay, so what of the show itself?  I don't want to ruin the fun, but basically our Master/Mistress of Ceremonies is hilarious.  So are his comic pals, who together, make the best clowns I've ever seen in a Cirque show.  This is kind of a funny accident, that the funniest 'clowns' are in a show children can't see.Even funnier, though, are the 'clowns' they pick from the audience and involve in all sorts of inappropriate moments.  WARNING:  if you wear dentures, you risk spitting them out at some of the gags these comedians pull.  Except for one SNLish skit about boob enhancements (which should be pulled and replaced ASAP), the fun with the audience bits remind us older viewers of Candid Camera's at its best:  catching people being themselves.  It's really that funny and worth going to the show again sometime.  I know I will return -- and try to get 'those' seats for my friends.But what of the visuals?  The dancing?  The singing?  The swimming?  The spinning around on wires?  The hoops?  The contortions?  Most of it is pretty good, as good as any normal Cirque show.  Not exemplary Cirque, but solid.  There was a little too much of chicks hanging around on ropes, and so the latter number (heavy breather hanging from straps) should be cut and replaced with something utterly different.The music got a little loud at times, just as there were occasional blinding flashes of white light which momentarily illuminated the entire audience -- both of which I felt were to prevent certain audience members from falling asleep.  Heck, if you want to keep people awake, see my next note.It's a very weird note to have to make -- in my not at all humble opinion, there needs be equal access nudity in this show.  Cirque is innovative, daring, and bold, and so I frankly expected to see some sausages swinging around at some point.  The fact that only tangerine cupped women were exposing themselves... didn't... feel... fair.  Half the audience were women... and so why didn't half the audience get to see the third leg of at least one man?   What a ripoff.That said, and I'm surprised I'm saying this, Cirque's ZUMANITY is one of the best Cirque show's in Vegas.  You heard me right.  ZUMANITY trumps LE REVE and KA -- and it's cheaper than both.  ZU is more memorable and recommendable to adults than MYSTERE, even though MYSTERE is fun in it's own way.  Only LOVE and O trump ZU, but they are spectacular spectaculars... and so that makes sense. I'm giving this 4.7 stars.  It would have gotten five, but too often the show plays to the front center and utterly ignores the side seats.;-)
5	This is my first show of Cirque Du Soleil so it gets 5 stars. Haha. I had doubts about it but one friend recommended it and guaranteed that it is the best show of all. My first choice was KA but they were not performing on the day we want to see a show, so we bought tickets for Zumanity. To my surprise, it was indeed a great show. Lots of nudity, the show is sexy, acrobatics were unbelievable, and actors were real fun. I love the part were there are two chicks swimming in a giant martini glass. Two thumbs up!! Would love to see it again!!
4	Thought this show was great. There was way more interaction with the audience than other Cirque shows I had seen. Very funny. There was talking & dialouge where that doesn't happen in shows like Mystere or Ka.Found it highly entertaining and we had lower bowl seats that were amazing!! It's not quite as raunchy as one might think.
5	I've never had eyesex before until now!
4	Bow chicka bow wow..cirque style...This show is probably not for you if you are too modest, conservative, or close minded to have some fun!  Great to watch with your friends or lova, totally would not watch this with the parents or grandparents, unless you are down like that.   It's entertaining and just another twist to the usual cirque du soleil.  Basically, the acrobatic bendy stuff that cirque usually has, but with naked or half naked performers and sexy intertwined into it.  I think the caliber of acrobatics may not be as amazing as the other cirque shows, but everything else it has that's different makes up for it.  Funny, I don't even remember the music.  Guess that's how entertained I was visually haha    It's not like you'll be watching live porn or anything, but it does get a lil racy and raunchy. But it's all in good fun,  so just go see it for yourself!In the beginning, if you are sitting near the front, you may be chosen to go on stage or the performers may pick on you ;-) So more interaction here then other cirque shows.   Nice decor in the theater.  It's not really small and intimate, but it's not large where the performers look like ants.  Didn't seem like there was a bad seat in the house, though it's not circular which would have been better. *On another note, they had the most amazing truffle oil popcorn at the concession!!  I kept eating it wondering what was in it till I asked the staff and they said truffle oil.  Sure I paid an arm and a leg of course but it was sooo good and I wanted more.  Another incentive to go back to the show haha
5	Acrobatic acts + Bewbies + Hot Guys + Raunchiness+ Humor = Zumanity.How could you not loving all of the above? I was not sure if this show would be any good just because of the mixed reviews. I was so happy to say, that this is one of my favorite Cirque's show. The opening act was funny and raunchy. I like how they asked audience to participate more in this show.The acrobatic acts were amazing. A lot of acrobatic acts in the air, so the further your seat is, the better the view will be. Our seats were at the left balcony area and they were perfect seats.Zumanity is a show that celebrating sensuality, so if you are not comfortable with sex jokes, nudity, and same sex issues then this show is not for you. If you loved all the above and want to celebrate your sensuality, please see this show. They deserve more love from all of us. Amor! Zumanity!
5	Cirque Du Soleil but only edgy and more soft core porn. It's a big orgy fest! The show was fantastic. The high light of the show was the two chicks that were swimming in the water. They always say you shouldn't dive into shallow pools but they did that. Some of the acts seem like the same thing I've seen before, to the hula dancer to the girl flying across the crowd in bed sheets. But than again they are naked, well boobies and all. The singers were great as the band. I'm not sure how the band can stay on a bridge above the stage and not drop anything. But hey whatever.The funny parts of the show were the "clowns". The Scotch Boobies was a funny skit as well as the interaction with the audiences. The big girls, they were funny as well when they interacted with the audience. Dildos were used. I wasn't big on the seats. Should have spent the extra money to get to the bottom.**Guys if you go with your girl friend make sure you cover your GF's eyes when the muscle guy comes out and starts ripping of his clothes. **
4	Very entertaining and lots of fun. There is more to this show than sensuality/sex appeal - the acrobats were oozing with talent and performed to perfection. Don't sit in the upper balcony if you want a good view.
5	This show was awesome!  We got third row seats so we had an amazing view.  The fat ladies are hilarious, and the tranny actually looked somewhat like a lady.  The redhead is so incredibly hot.  The acrobats were great and the girls diving into the shallow pool was amazing.  Well done!
5	Another of my favorite shows on the strip. I have been on three occasions over the years and with the bevy of acts that change out from time to time, it's always a new and magical experience.I'm a huge fan of bawdy comedy, so there's nothing really I don't love about this show. I laugh, I stare in awe and I leave feeling like I got my money's worth. That's all there is to know about this show. Worth it on all levels, in my opinion. Go now, and enjoy.
4	very fun and enjoyable show..it was my first and only show that i have been to tho. lots and lots of laughs to this show. it is not for people that get upset about cussing and nipples flaying around. very nice venue. only gets 4 stars cause i felt that they should have had waitress bring drinks around. buy the better seats they are well worth it.
5	Simply put, this show is amazing. It is full of sexual inuendos, excitement, and raunchiness. This show has something for everyone, a tranny emcee, an African themed segment with explosive movement and intensity, two acrobat girls in water, two big girls who love their curves, sexy scantily clad men/women, and the list goes ON and ON. If you sit on the 1st few rows, be prepared to potentially be brought on stage or participate in the show (@ least I don't think that was a part of the act).This is a MUST see show. You will walk away wanting a happy ending:-)Oh, the Zumanitini drinks are really good and strong.
5	What a great show!  Having seen eight Cirque shows this was by far the most fun of them all - I laughed a lot, I cringed when watching the male contortionist, I loved it all - Will go and see it again....
5	Amazing, This is what a show should be. Fun, Sexy and impressive. It has wonderful audience interaction. The performers are some of the most athletic, beautiful and graceful people I've ever seen. Go see it.
4	I've seen quite a few Cirque du Soleil shows in my lifetime, and this one is very good. It's very different from the "classic" Cirque shows. There's more interaction with the audience, more dialogue, most of the show was in English (two songs were sung in the Cirque language) and it's definitely very risque. I agree with the other reviewers that this show is more of a burlesque show than a classic Cirque show. There is one contortionist act, which was my favorite - very sexy and clever with a unique backdrop (I won't spoil the surprise). More dancing is done instead of acrobatics. That being said, each dance is still unique and beautiful, with gorgeous dancers doing a fantastic job. Come with an open mind and a sense of humor. You will have a wonderful time. And yes, you will see boobies.
5	The fun begins long before the show starts.That's right. Before we get 90 sexy minutes of cabaret fun, 20 minutes to the show's start time, a plethora of the show's characters wander inti the lobby. Apparently the characters vary, but you can get pictures and autographs from the characters. I got my autographs from the aerial straps girl, the faun, one of the 2 gay boxers, two of the background lovers, and one of the water bowl girls, and got some awesome pics too.Anyways, onto the show. Here's a summary of the show for those of you with short attention spans:Typical Cirque acrobatics and stunts that make Chuck Norris shit his pants + boobies (almost nonstop) + gay interest + eye candy + fat chicks + a drag queen = Zumanity.How is what i listed above not tempting you to see it?! In fact, as a Yelper correctly put it: ZumaniTITTIES is more like it.Our host for the night is Edie, a drag queen who is incredibly convincing- in everything, the voice, the looks, she (it) even has convincing boobs. She has a wicked sense of humour (and even pointed at one person and asked "is this my gay section?!").As the poster suggests, this is indeed the sensual side of the circus of the sun, as we have the cirque feel grounded- we have aerial silk, aerial hoops and other acrobatics. However, it's also the cozier and more one-on-one side.There's non stop boobs. And I mean, NON STOP. My brain would melt trying to find a scene that doesn't have boobs. Anything else? Well, one penis flash played for laughs, and that's about it. Any below the belt nudity from women is the design of their suit. The suit designs are, as expected, erotic- one male dancer even has a steel case for his penis installed on his crotch. Other than that, major boobage.The acrobatics blend in beautifully with the cabaret setting. The two girls in a water bowl was simply amazing- you see the bowl and wonder how they fit in, then they simply slide in... Just beautiful. There's a girl who does 50 hula hoops while hanging from a rope... It may seem illogical but when you see it, you will be wowed. A particularly interesting stunt was the aerial straps, where a girl moves up and down these straps,which amounts to a (simulated)orgasm- symbolizing our need to "break free" from the straps that bind us from being human, of a girl having broken free and having been awakened sexually.Then for the outright raunchy stuff. Girls will dig the scene featuring Castro, the Rose boy. He's a handsome Fabio dude who has a weakness... For the ladies. He hands out several roses to the girls in the audience and strips down to his g-string, and, well, bad news, girls, but that's all you get. A comedy sketch cleverly parodies those infomercials and girls who think that image s everything- "Scotch Baggies", where you learn to make your boobs look bigger by filling baggies with scotch and stuffing them in your bra, which will leave your throat sore from laughing so hard. The actress has just the voice for that, too! And she comes out with her Italian Fabio to bring two audience members to the stage to simulate sex, which is always hilarious too.Oh, and let's not forget the gigantic (simulated)orgy that happens. A note to everyone, if you DON'T want to be involved, stay away from the first six rows (I was in the cabaret stools, way at the back). An Oregonian was brought onstage, and he was a young teacher guy named BJ (yes, plenty of rude jokes were made about that). A retired Canadian was brought in stage, which ruled! And she went at the performer too- go, Canada!!On a side note, ill also mention that an actor asked me if I was alone (quite a few will wander through out the audience to tease you at various times). It was quite hilarious.In short, Zumanity is sexy, silly, raunchy and hilarious fun. It is the first resident Cirque show I've ever seen, and it won't be the last. If you have seen it and didn't find it sexy or entertaining, well, you need therapy, or are just pretending in hopes that your parents won't find out you've been seeing adults only material. Or you're probably the guy who drunkenly stumbled out of the theatre and puked all over the fancy theatre floor during the aerial straps when I saw the show.Oh, and check out the peepholes in the wall leading to the floor section- they are hilarious!!!!
1	I have no idea why anyone gave this more than 1 star.basically this was just a show of boobs and men kissing men...which is fine in vegas, but circ shows are usually more grand and have awe-inspiring acrobatics. The best acts were a contortionist and a strong man on a pole. Absinthe is similar but MUCH more affordable and more impressive. Save your money on this one.
5	Acrobatic, sexy and funny: The show is exactly what they advertize on their flyers and posters.And because we sat near the front of the stage, I even got included into the cabaret part of this show, which was fun and only a little bit awkward :).
3	Zumanity was campy and entertaining.  It is a smaller scale cirque show that plays on audience interaction.  If you go expecting a burlesque show, rather than a classic cirque du soleil show you won't be disappointed.  I think I was a little disappointed as I was expecting something more in line with a classic cirque show.
4	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice (and saw LOVE 3 times), so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Mystere has the best stunts and is most "traditional". Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...You need to have the proper expectations when you go see this. Don't expect a strip club or Crazy Horse style experience, and don't expect the great quality of stunts you'd find at some of the other cirques. It falls somewhere in between. BUT it's a good show. It's sensual and humorous and a fun time. Make sure to get there early to watch the pre-theater interaction with audience members. All the seats are good, so no need to pay extra. I've sat at the top and still was able to see well. The fishbowl scene was a highlight as well as the tub scene and the contortionists.
5	This show is exactly how they advertize it! It is acrobatic, sexy, and funny. Once people are in their seats and while others are still arriving the show begins! They have some of the cast members come out into the audience preshow to get things started. I don't want to give every scene away but the host of the show is Edie who is a drag queen. She begins each act and gives you a tour of sexuality. There is plenty of boobs and nakedness so if you are shy this is probably not your show.  If you sit in the bottom half of the arena especially on the couches the actors in the show will involve you. You can always tell them no but most people who were hesitant at first gave in after some prodding. I think that if you are looking for a Cirque du Soleil show with a little spunk then this is a perfect show to see. This was my first Cirque show and I felt like everything I know about Cirque you get with this show plus more.
4	The first show I've ever seen in Vegas!  First, I think if you're going to watch a sex show, you should come with an open mind and light mood.  I've seen Cirque shows before and already knew there would be interactions with the audience.  If you've got seats in the front, particularly the couches, you will get selected to participate in dirty acts! (Slapping bums, getting motor boated, eating bananas, going up on stage, "sword fighting," etc)The show had a nice flow, going from sexy acrobatics to funny sketches in consistent intervals.  The fishbowl scene was really amazing!  Aside from the hotness of two topless girls in water, the acrobatics were very impressive and skilled.  My favorite aspect of the show was the lead singer, who had one hell of a voice!  Although most of her singing was in gibberish (whooaaa, aaahhh, eeee), it was mesmerizing and set the mood for every performance.  Also when they brought an older lady on stage to join the sex circle.  She was completely open to having a good time and ended up on top of one of the comedians.  Upon interviewing her, she was at the show with her husband of 40 some years and her kids!  The entire theater roared, along with her family.  Good sport! I'll admit, there were some moments where I felt a little uncomfortable.  This one beast character ran around the theater on all fours growling and huffing.  Kinda freaked me out.  Another moment when they had dancers sit on the edge of the stage, make eye contact with an audience member, and then mess with them.  One girl made eye contact with me and started doing weird things with her tongue and face, which also kind of freaked me out.  But hey, good times.The concession stand sells popcorn, beers, cocktails, hard liquor, and jello shots!  I'd recommend drinking a little before the show to lighten your mood.   Thoroughly entertained.  I would recommend!
3	I have seen a number of shows and a number of Cirque shows since I have lived in Vegas. This show was good, but it wasn't what I would consider Cirque Good. It is a very entertaining show, nice crowd interaction comedy interspersed with some music singing and other talent performances.I am fortunate enough to have a friend in another Cirque show who got us some comp tickets for last night's show. I don't know if I would have liked the show as much had I paid full price for the tickets. As mentioned, it was an entertaining and good show. It just wasn't *Cirque du Soleil Good* in my eyes.
2	Well, seeing the other reviews I guess I'm in the minority here, but my husband and I walked out of this in spite of the stunningly overpriced $350 loveseat ticket. This was just godawful. There were a few highlights--the chick with the hula hoops, the African dancers and the Asian mermaid girls in the giant water bowl--but the acrobatics were very few and far between and it was mostly a collection of unfunny, lame jokes by the dozen, awful songs, an attempt to be "risque" with no sense of subtlety or innuendo--mostly just in-your-face dick jokes. I expected much more from people who do this twice a night seven days a week all year long. Also, what's the point of making it topless when none of the ladies have a rack to speak of? Which I get, they're acrobats and dancers with zero body fat, but an entire cast full of flat chested girls do not make for sexy in my opinion, nor in my husband's if you want a guy's take. It would be one thing if SOME of the girls had a chest, but nope, nothing over an A-cup in sight. I'm happy to see from other reviews that this is sub-par among the Cirque shows, because maybe there's a chance I could convince my husband to try another one. As it is this has put him off from ever seeing another Vegas show and I'm going to have to work overtime to convince him they're not all this bad.
3	The in-between interactive acts with the audience was hilarious!!! It was my favorite part of the entire show. The overall show was entertaining, but it wasn't as technical as all the other Cirque du Soleil productions. I saw a lot of acrobatic acts, which I thought was ok-- nothing that I found impressive nor had left me at awe. I would still recommend people to go just to see what it's all about. Maybe you'll enjoy the show more than I did; especially if you get pulled on stage or sit near the stage area. =p
5	My favorite show on the strip. It's an adult show but in the right way. It's also very funny. Can't wait to see it again.
5	WOW! All I can say is that this was one of the sexiest shows my wife and I have seen. Now there is "slutty" and there is "sultry". Zumanity is definitely the latter without being too "out there" for the vanilla types, and just enough spice for those who enjoy a more outrageous lifestyle. I knew the show was amazing when one of the performers, reclined on a couch just above the concession stand gave me a beautiful, lustful, sultry "come hither" stare and I felt the "butterflies" in my stomach. The rest of the show was just as amazing. Highly recommended for loving couples who enjoy mature, yet seductive entertainment. Leave the kids at home for this one...
2	All people are entitled to what their belief of sexy is, but this is not my belief of sexy.  At the risk of being vanilla or a square, this show leaves very little to the imagination, and I thought it unromantic and surly.  Sorry guys, the rope and choking scene, the pom pom dance, lame scotch baggies and lousy lines by the drag queen host, are not for me.  The water scene and tribal dances were good but overshadowed by the rest of the performance. I did not know there was a yelp review for this, else I would have checked first and not gone.  This is a 2 star review, because the singers had good costumes and the live music was good.  Also just about any seat in the house is a good seat here.
5	Must see! Great show!
2	This show was disappointing. I saw this about 6 years ago and all I remember is this feeling of dissatisfaction. Cirque du Soleil is a brand name, it's a label. I've seen some good Cirque shows but this is definitely my least favorite. It was boring, slow, and unimpressive.Some of the acrobatics were entertaining but most of it felt like 'waiting for something to happen.'I would advise going to any other show. If you've seen all the other shows in Vegas, then sure, why not.
1	Nothin compared to the O on water show I saw a few years ago. If I had known how disgusting and perverted it was  I wouldn't had gone. Orgys, threesomes, not sensual just gross.
5	Awesome show! I really enjoyed it. If you sit in the front or in seat number 69, you will be picked on by their zany characters. Some cast members come out before the show starts to mess with the audience. Overall it was really fun and unbelievable.
4	Zumanity is one of the best shows on the strip that are geared toward adult couples. Yes, there is some racy, 'perverted' humor. It's an adult show, with a minimum age requirement. Know what you are getting into! Yes, there are other Cirque du Soleil shows that most people would agree are better, overall, then Zumanity. And there are some that are far, FAR worse. If you keep in mind what the show is trying to do, you can really enjoy it. Having a great date helps too!! ;)My husband and I recently attended a 10 pm Zumanity show on a Saturday night for a second time with another couple. Our seats were in the second to last row but we got a great deal on them and we still had a fantastic view of the stage. Even though we had seen the show before years prior, it had been changed up a bit so it was still entertaining. (TIP: Do NOT pay full price for this show, or any Strip show if you can help it. Ask about local specials if you live in Nevada and military discounts if you serve our country!!)If you are looking for the acrobatics that Cirque du Soleil shows are famous for, don't come to Zumanity. If you are too high class for dildo jokes, don't come to Zumanity. If you only want to see fake breasts, don't come to Zumanity.If those three do not apply to you, and you have a sexy date night lined up while you are in Vegas, Zumanity will likely be a great way for you to steam up your night!
5	The Prince of Taiwan has got to give this place 5 stars because this is the first Cirque show he has ever seen, so there is no comparison to O, or La Reve, or the donkey show in Tijuana. I loved everything about this show, from the cast coming out for photo ops and autographs before the show to the brilliant show itself. yes, you have boobies, but not gigantic melons like other shows such as Peepshow or Crazy Girls. It's all good...I am an equal opportunity admirer of boobies of all shapes and sizes, the female dancers here are lithe and athletic, and they are in superb shape, so you get to appreciate the entire female form, not just a pair of hug knockers. If that is all you want just head over to Deja vu Centerfolds.best moments:Hot girl in school girl outfit hula hooping for her life.Two hot girls swimming around almost nekkid in a damn fishbowl. Yes, they do make out a bit, and it is quite the view. Oh yeah..they are really bendy.Near the end of the show, yes there is a simulated orgy at the end in which the cast invite guests from the audience to participate, and they picked this wrinkled 80 year old grandma to come on stage and dry hump one of the chiseled men. It was traumatic, but oh-so-funny to see old Miss Daisy riding the guy cowgirl style. The poor guy was probably closing his eye and thinking of Eva Longoria or someone at least not born during FDR's presidential terms.
4	We decided to watch this show last minute, we had a little gambling money and we said why not? We really didnt know what to expect since it was unexpected. The host is Hilarious and so were most of the cast members. There was topless women which my husband enjoyed and very hot men, too bad though that the hot men started making out at one point :( The show was very funny and entertaining. I would only watch it once but I do recommend it.
3	2.5 Stars.DO NOT see this as your FIRST CIRQUE.  It is vastly different, and not quite as enthralling.  In fact, you wouldn't be missing much if you skipped it altogether.  It's a little "out there" sexually which I liked, but I thought the stunts were NOTHING compared to KA or Love.
4	This was our first Cirque show. We went last Saturday night since our Celine Dion concert for the night was cancelled. We heard it was a little edgy, racy, and interesting, so the wife and I decided to check it out. I saw the warnings about sitting in the front, but because we got discount tickets at one of the booths on the strip, that was what we got and there was no choice. We didn't get picked on though. The show was interesting. There were exposed natural(vice fake) breasts, some making out and sexual simulations, dancing, acrobatics, comedy/jokes/humor and the like. You're not looking at porn, nor is it like being in a strip club. It is just a very different type of show, and we did enjoy it. I'm not really sure how to describe it. My guess is that it aims to set a "mood" for whatever you want to do later(which anything you chose and are in to is ok according to the MC). There was also some interaction between the performers and the audience, which we were happy NOT to be a part of. We saw Absinthe the night before(review posting soon), and though people compare the 2 of them, the wife and I agree they are quite different. Definitely a date night option if both parties are open minded and up for something different. Not so sure this is good for a group of guys or girls. Hopefully this review helps, though I'm confusing myself as I write it.
3	It's more comedy and talking than acrobatics.  However, one particular act actually took my breath away because the performer did the stunts with no nets or wires and was really over the top risky.Don't sit front row.  I did, and it's totally not worth it, I wish we had been in the middle rows in the lower level.  All in all I wouldn't suggest seeing this at all, it's not that provocative or entertaining.
5	Fantastic show!A lot of the acts were just unbelievably amazing.  I don't want to give anything away but there were some fantastic acrobats, dancers, and just really funny people.It was also very sexxxy :)  And definitely left you feeling a little bit sexual afterwards which I liked.  It is not like your typical Cirque De Solei show.  If you are shy or hesitant about seeing lots of boobs and butts and near humping on the stage then you should not attend!  I would also recommend that the shy people sit in the balcony or else someone might come and mess with you :)
5	I really liked this show! It was sexy and provocative and very, very cool. The acrobatics were melded into the story line in an interesting way, and even though it was a variety show format, I felt there was a great deal of coheasion among the acts. The dancers where beautiful and interesting to watch, the acrobats impressive. There's quite a bit of nudity and if you're prudish, you might be put off by some of the implications on stage, but it was a great show.
1	-1 stars. I was very disappointed. Felt like a waste of time. The only good thing about it was the popcorn. We had free tickets, otherwise I would have asked for a refund. I would advise you to spend your money on a different show. It was slow and lots of talking. There were a couple of good pieces but nothing you can't watch for free on t.v.
1	Too raw for my wife and me. Great circus acts, but ruined by offensive language and behavior.
5	Acrobatics, singing, comedy, incredible costumes, dancing, lots of sexual innuendos, men with rock hard abs and women's boobies. Lots and lots of women's bobbies. Yup, this shows got something for every adult out there. Before you call me a perv, my wife is the one who picked out what show we were going to see while in Vegas, so call her the perv. Like I stated above, Zumanity has something for everyone. Contrary to what you may have heard, Zumanity is not all about sex. Well, it actually is but not in a pornographic way. It's sexy, sensual, seductive and most importantly, tastefully done. The choreographer of Zumanity did an amazing job at making sure this show is as steamy and racy as possible without crossing any major lines. Of course there were a few folks in the sold out arena who were not prepared for what they witnessed and actually left during the performance but for the most part, the crowd was really into what was taking place on the gorgeous stage. Some of the highlights of Zumanity are these two incredibly beautiful woman swimming in a fish bowl, a very attractive red headed girl doing amazing things with silver hula hoops, two super sexy dudes battling it out for a woman's affection only to fall for each other during the brawl and of course all the crowd interactions. I couldn't believe the things the two hilarious MC's would get the audience to partake in. They took two random people from the audience and pretty much made them dry hump each other on stage while their significant others watched from their seats. HILARIOUS. If you're the type of person who gets uncomfortable in risque situations than this show is definitely not for you. If you're into risque situations, dirty jokes, intimate, steamy scenes, sexy men with rock hard abs and stunning woman with their breasts hanging out for the world to see, than Zumanity is a MUST SEE. If you look hard enough on the web, you can get good seats for reasonable prices.
5	Holy crap this show is amazing, it is perfect for those who like it a little rowdy and raunchy and just plain awesome. It was an endless sexy meat parade. If you are opposed to having fun or seeing a boob or two you should probably not see it. And promptly return to the rock from under which you came.The theater is beautiful, the show is great, the artists were amazing, I loved every minute. Money well spent.
3	The acrobats were simply amazing.  The reason I gave this 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is that I wish there would have been MORE of the acrobatics.Some of the random acts in between that didn't have acrobatics could have been omitted in my opinion.  They weren't that funny and seemed sorta cheap.I bought discounted tickets which I would recommend.  I don't think I'd paid full price for this.  Also, we sat on the balcony (cheapest seats), which I'd also recommend.  I usually prefer to pay money for good seats, but the place where I bought them said that it wasn't really necessary.  Plus, if you are in the very front you have to be prepared to be called on stage....which I wasn't down for.  :)Anyway, the balcony was totally fine. The theatre isn't huge so we could see just fine.
4	This is not your typical Cirque show.  Much more entertainment value with less acrobatics.  If you are comfortable with raunchiness then this is a very good show. (I would highly suggest for couples.) If you are uncomfortable with that sort of stuff, I don't think this is the show for you.
2	Bottomline: I stayed at the NYNY hotel so received my tickets %40 discounted and still dont think I received my moneys worth. The seats were great, only third aisle from the front.There was simply too many jokes included in the show that were not funny. It definitely took away from the acrobatics and music which was not overly impressive. The last thirty minutes or so of the show were jokes with no acrobatics. If you are looking for a comedy show with some acrobatics then this might be for you. If you are looking for a acrobatics show with some humor, this is NOT for you.
4	So, as they advertise it's a more adult oriented Cirque du Soleil show.  It's not that bad, they make a lot of sex jokes, mess around with the audience and there is some topless women, but nothing that extreme and you are in Las Vegas.Anyway, the show as every Cirque show I've been to is amazing, with the acrobatics and the great mix of story and performance.  Probably the most unique element of this particular show that I haven't seen in others is the two girls swimming in the giant martini glass.  Over all the show is very sensual and fun.Anyway, the show as every Cirque show I've been to is amazing, with the acrobatics and the great mix of story and performance.  Probably the most unique element of this particular show that I haven't seen in others is the two girls swimming in the giant martini glass.  Very sensual and fun.
3	Some of the performances are good, some acts in between are irritating and interrupt the flow of the show.
2	Zumanity is weak on comedy and mediocre as a Cirque acrobatic performance. Advertised as an "adult-oriented" Cirque du Soleil show, it too often sputters and misfires.  Highlights: The 'schoolgirl' who spins multiple hula hoops and flies through the air was graceful and skilled. The African dancers were electric and artistic. Finally the topless girls swimming in the giant martini glass were elegant and sensual. These exceptions were few and far between. The low-lights were the other 80% of the show. Countless unfunny jokes and forced attempts at being 'risque'. The master of ceremonies spoke with an accent so I guess we were supposed to accept his unfunny dick jokes as 'European sensibility'. I found the MC's dumb-blonde girlfriend character simply a depressing caricature.We were four rows back and thankfully not close enough to be part of the show. The MC grabbing the hand of an audience member and pressing it against his thrust-out crotch was 'over the line' for me. Or holding a banana like an erect dick and yelling at a sitting (male) audience member to bite it (until he finally did) was a bit much. The audience would nervously laugh out of thankfulness that it was not them being humiliated.All would have been acceptable if well-executed and funny. There were a lot of boobs which was fine. The theater was amazing. Lots of beautiful bodies. So what was wrong? I think the producers just tried too hard to 'push social convention' and focused too little attention on basics, like presenting like-able characters.  My wife and I had great seats that cost us nothing. Would not go again, even for free. Went straight home and showered.
5	I absolutely loved this show! It is fun, erotic, sensual, and acrobatic all in one! The show is produced tastefully to not let the sex be overbearing. The stunts were amazing while some of parts of the show were hilarious. The host is a doll because she (or should I say he) interacts with the audience with the perfect amount of comic and courtesy. Besides, "O" at Bellagio, Zumanity is definitely my favorite Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas. You pay half of the price compared to "O" but I believe you are likely to be even more entertained by "Zumanity" than "O".
3	I've never seen so many breasts in one show! Funny, entertaining, and sexually explicit. The acts are pretty impressive, but I could have done without so many breasts in your face.  I'm not a prude or anything, but I felt that a lot of the acts did not need to be performed topless, the performers were just topless because of whatever sexy theme they were being forced to fulfill.I wouldn't pay full price for the tickets, save that for La Reve or Ka.  Get the M life card and save yourself 35% off show tickets or a student ID card for 25% off for Zumanity.
5	BUTTS & BOOBS!!!!!!This is was our first Cirque du soleil show and it wont be our last! It was Soooooo FUNNY with the ladies and men cracking jokes at the audience really getting everyone involved. I really enjoyed it all!!! I can't wait to see a different show!!!! They did a wonderful job!
3	Seeing as I've been reviewing my recent Vegas adventures, I should probably get this one out of the draft burner.  I have a habit of letting drafts collect dust on Yelp.  So allow me to finish my four month old thoughts:Zumanity is said to be "adults only," but it's no Absinthe.  It caters to adults with a few raunchy jokes here and there.  And it caters to Vegas with a few topless acts.  But for the most part, it's very tame and even a bit campy.  I didn't find the show pushing the envelop on anything and it didn't appear at all sensual to me.I brought the boyfriend.  he enjoyed himself but didn't see why I fuss over Cirque du Soleil so much.  On reflection, I should have taken him to see something a bit more awe-inspiring (like "O").  A lot of the comedy is just heckling the nearby crowd.  And a lot of the acts highlighted in the program were absent during our particular show.  No midgets, no fat twins.  Perhaps that would have added some flavor to an otherwise lackluster evening.  Maybe I was suspecting something too outside the norm and my expectations were bridging on pornographic?  To me, this was a typical Cirque show with some dirty jokes and sexier outfits thrown into the mix.50% off tickets for military.  So a good deal to fill a few hours of your time.
2	I had worked in the entertainment business in Vegas for many years  and seen every show in town , i only give this show a 2 stars since i found the least of my favorites shows from Cirque Du soleil,   I didn't find it sexy and or funny nether less entertaining , i didn't find sexy two guys kissing ....not my cup of of tea, i didn't find the 2 humongous girls yoking around  funny, the acrobatic part of the show was non existing , the only part that i found sexy unique and beautiful was an Asian woman bathing inside of giant  Martini glass that why i give this show a 2 star instead of one if you are in to stupid jokes drag-queens and so  on this is the place for you !!
5	I. LOVED. IT!If you're a prude, do-not-see-this-show!IT'S SO FUN =) I think it would be great for couples, bachelorette parties, and dates with my gay boyfriends!This time around, I watched it with my boyfriend. And he loved it!Along with the normal Cirque acrobatics, it's so sexually charged and funny. For being my 1st Cirque show (Elvis Show I've seen doesn't count,) I was extremely impressed and amazed.Got these tix comped but, it's a show I would def pay to see.
5	We LOVED this show and will be going back FOR SURE! I'd even pay full price for tickets to see it.I agree with previous reviews that if you are a prude or easily offended, DO NOT see this show. It's not for the faint of heart, but AMAZING for couples or a fun girls weekend. You also have to have a sense of humor to enjoy this type of show.The show is sexy, sensual, funny, and still has that "Cirque" feel to it. The theater is quaint without feeling too small. We were on an end and it was a great experience since the show is somewhat interactive. I'd love to sit in the same place again!Add this to your list for your next trip to Vegas!
5	We LOVED the show.  The performances of the athletes, dancers, gymnasts was superior and world class!! Amazing to see the human body perform such difficult moves. It was really a great date place for my husband and I since the theme was Love and sensuality. The guy to girl performer ratio stayed even. We have a diverse sense of humor so it was perfect for us.  If you are prude, get easily offended this adult themed show might not be for you. Now we want to go back and see all the Cirque shows!
5	My wife and I found this to be a really fun evening out.  As we were sitting front and center, I was part of the pre-show.  As others have indicated, if you have a problem with seeing topless performers and hearing anything other than G-rated dialogue, this is not the show for you.  There is some audience participation, so bring your sense of humor - if you are anywhere near the stage you might become part of the show.
5	What a kick-ass show! I love how sexually charged it was and how it celebrated various body types, fetishes, etc. There was alot of humor, incredible feats, and I loved the audience participation. So hilarious. My friend and I paid close to $100 for upper balcony seats but they were still awesome. We were seated right in the middle of the stage and had a wonderful view. The concession stand was cool and was mirrored after one at a movie theater. Bar drinks were abundant as well as popcorn and movie candy! Loved it. As we were leaving, one couple was telling us that they had been a couple times and the acts are switched up a bit. I thought that was cool to see different things. I am taking my husband next month and I made sure to get the lower orchestra seats this time....he is in for it now!!!!!
3	The actors were talented but it was pretty boring.  The MC was trying to be funny but was not cutting it.  Everyone was topless but you could not tell the difference between the men or the women.  It would have been more sexy if the women looked like woman with curves and boobs.  Absinth Show  @ Ceaser's was way way more fun!!!!
1	My tickets were free and I felt like I wasted my time.  This is probably my 6th or 7th Cirque du Soleil show and I've never left one disappointed until now.  I was expecting raunchy acts and such, but this just seemed like an excuse to show nipples.  Not funny, just making money off of bad jokes and boobs.The audience reaction was disgusting.  They all hooted and hollered when the two chicks were skimming all over each other in the fish bowl.  But when two guys kiss?  It's met with "eww!!" and the like.  Nice way to show your ignorance people.Take my advice.  If you want a vulgar show that's *actually* funny - go see Absinthe!  That's a class act.  Sexy and hilarious.  Skip this POS.  There's a reason they're giving away tickets...
5	Reading the bad reviews for Zumanity made me want to right a great review.  I would gladly go see this show again, even though I know everything that will happen.  We went on our honeymoon and that show was a ridiculous amount of fun!  The performers are also extremely gracious.If you are offended by tits, dildos, huge packages, fake fabric penises, etc.--just don't go.  Of COURSE there was crude humor.  It was raunchy!  AND FUN!The costumes were great, the humor kept us laughing, and the acts were great!  Props to the fishbowl girls who didn't bust their faces open on the glass.  I was literally terrified that they would!  But Cirque du Soleil performers are amazeballs--end of story.Go.  It's not a waste of money.  If you don't believe me, buy from the half-price ticket booth set up near New York New York.
5	I think this is probably the best Burlesque type show you're going to see.  The acrobatics are phenomenal, it's very 'equal opportunity' and it is also very funny.  It's actually not really THAT raunchy in most of the skits, the comedy segments are far more raunchy than the stage acts which are more tasteful and choreographed.  I really like that they have people of all shapes and sizes in the show from super-plus size down to a little person who is a spectacular acrobat.  There's a bit for all sexual orientations as well - don't go if you're offended by anything homoerotic, although the majority of the show is hetero-based there are a few very good homoerotic segments as well.  My favorite segments from an erotic standpoint were the girls in the fishbowl and the hula hoop schoolgirl.  There were some real beefcakey men as well but for some reason I've always found male stripping more cheesy than erotic.  That said, some of the men were fabulous athletes.  The 'pole dancing' man made his gymnastic routine look so effortless, it was a joy to watch - same with the aforementioned little person.  I enjoyed the audience interaction and laughed a lot.  My honey, whose idea it was to see 'an erotic show in Vegas where he wouldn't stick to the seat', actually preferred the comedy to the eroticism overall though he too appreciated the acrobatics.There really isn't a bad seat in the house - actually, looking back I wish we'd booked two 'caberet seats' in the side balcony instead of regular stadium seats, as they'd have been roomier.  As with most of the shows, the seats aren't particularly comfortable for larger folks.My 5 stars is based on what it is - a humorous Burlesque show with great athletics.  I'm not comparing it to other Cirque shows though the athletic talent is probably comparable.  Of course this show is only for those who are not uptight or reserved about sexuality, as it makes no secret that it is a celebration of sexuality in all its varieties.
5	My husband and I laughed through the whole show.  The performers were walking all through the crowd and if you are shy I wouldn't sit in the front row.  I especially liked the fact that they had people of all shapes and sizes in the show from small to extra extra large and it was fun to watch.  Great costumes and performers, I enjoyed all parts of this show.  We both agree that the best parts of the show were the girls in the fishbowl and the school girl with the hula hoops.  If I had to have a complaint it would be the seats are not that comfortable, but I loved the show and would go again.
4	I would say that this is a cute show. I know it's supposed to be naughty and risque. I found it more cute, despite the naked boobies. :) The performers did a really good job getting the audience in on the act, and those were actually my favorite parts. Some of the acts were slower than others. I am not really a fan of pure acrobatics. I know the performers are strong and very talented, but I just get a little bored.  But the costumes are gorgeous. I thought the drag queen emcee was really sweet and funny although I'd prefer a little more channeling of Alan Cumming in Cabaret. :) Overall, it kept my attention. It wasn't as good as Love, but better than Absinthe.
5	It's not your typical Cirque show, in fact if your looking for something like O or Ka stay away. If you've got an open mind, or a hot date though, in my personal opinion it's the best ticket in town.
4	I saw this show a few years ago and I loved!  It was an amazing balance between artistry, sexuality, flirtation, athleticism, fantasy, and overall entertainment.  I've recommended this show to many of my friends and they've all loved it as well.  I recommend this show for any couple or group of friends that want to experience an adult themed show on the strip that isn't a showgirl or burlesque show
3	The show was great, the performers were awesome but the crowd management was horrible. Customers entered at-will during the entire show and created a distraction by obscuring the view of the stage. They do a better job at a baseball game...If you go see the show, sit in the front row.
5	Raunchy, hysterical, scandalous fun. Zumanity was significantly cheaper than O, which, not going to lie, was our main motivation for choosing it. Obviously, the earlier you buy your seats, the better they get, and for about $80, my friend and I were two rows from the front. The humorous storylines are totally grade school, so don't go in expecting high brow humor. The show opens with two plump performers with outrageous hair climbing all over the audience offering them strawberries, while a perverse Frenchman shamelessly hits on the front row. A few moments later, his boozy 50's era wife joins him, and they try to convince the blushing audience to join them for a romp in the sack. These comedic acts are peppered in with the classic Cirque du Soleil acts of super artistic, beautiful acts of aerials, acrobatics, dancing, and feats of impossible flexibility. There is quite a bit of toplessness, but if you are offended by such things, then don't go :)There is also quite a bit of hilarious audience participation. A bashful mom from the midwest was paired with a bulging, tanned male from New Jersey while the Frenchman and his wife gave "dating" advice...which mostly involved awkwardly positioning the volunteers together and seeing how long it took them to burst out laughing. The musicians and emcee were top notch, talented acts, and you could really tell that the performers were giving their all. Despite non-stop, multiple shows throughout the week, the dancers worked up a sweat, the singers sang soulfully, and the actors were 100% in character. Two enthusiastic thumbs way up.
5	Awsome, the best show I've seen, it funny and sleazy, its an adult only show.  I don't think it matters what seat you get, every seat is a good seat.Unless you sit close to the front where the bring strawberries out and feed the audience.They also have audience partcipation, that is halerious.If you get offended or don't like jokes and sexual shows this show you might not want to go see.I want to go and see it again.
5	Flawless, comedic, erotic, stunning - NOT FOR KIDS - performance. I love Cirque du Soliel, this show is perfect for couples. Just fabulously gorgeous. Highly recommended.
3	This was my first Burlesque show and it wasn't so bad. Unfortunately I attended the show with a friend who made it a bit awkward for me. Overall I liked the show. Very sexy, and funny. Honestly, the only reason I saw this show was because the tickets were cheap and O wasn't available that night. The show is very erotic. For adults only.
5	Truly AMAZING and worth the wait!I've wanted to watch Zumanity for a few years but it was definitely worth the wait.  You will want to go with someone (like your significant other or a person your comfortable with) who you don't mind sitting next to while they talk about SEX related topics (even sounds).I definitely recommend you try to get seats located in the orchestra section to be a part of the show. The balcony seats are great if you want a view of everything going on. They like to select people from the audience to participate in their show. Extremely fun and entertaining. Also be willing to be caught in between the two french maids as they walk around passing our strawberries.I don't want to spoil the show with additional comments. So you're just going to have to watch it yourself. Be prepared to be in "heat" during and after the show.I would see it AGAIN!
5	I saw Zumanity three times over the past several years and I'll gladly go back to see it a fourth time! I love Vegas and I've seen several other Cirque du Soleil shows including O, Mystere, and Love, but there's something special about Zumanity. It has its raunchy side (e.g. The Botero sisters, Dick and Izzy clowns), which is fun for the light-hearted; it has its sensual side (e.g. "Straps" bondage and the Fishbowl), which is intriguing for the adventurous. Several acts pull audience members from the main floor seating that makes it fun and improvisational.I sat in three different areas over the years and my favorite is right in the front. My husband and I got pulled on stage two separate times in one night - he did an act with Izzy the clown and I did an act with Antonio "El 7". It was memorable and exciting, and they provide pictures for you to prove it! It also gives you an up-close view of the beauty and strength of the performers, especially seeing the aerial acts from the bottom up. Tickets are affordable but for a great deal, take your chances at the three Tix 4 Tonight locations on the Strip. My husband and I scored day-of front row tickets (next to the love seats) for $101 each (taxes and fees included). Take a loved one or a fun group for a fun and sexy night!
2	Maybe it was an off night, but it seemed Cirque, short-cirqueted the storyline since partial nudity and glitz were more important than a well-thought out story.  I have such high expectations of cirque productions, I was sadly disappointed.  The performers were great, but the storyline itself was so boring I dozed off twice.  Guess I am just not that enthralled with nudity.. Definitely a meh in my opinion.
5	This show was sexy, fun and very risque! We had great front row seats at the side of the stage, but really the theater is small so there are no bad seats. Loved every minute of this show-Didn't want it to end! Great time. One of my favorites!
2	I am still trying to figure out how this Cirque Du Soleil got "4" stars. My husband and I have seen 7 Cirque shows; including Iris, Ova, Le Reve, KA, etc... We give all of them a 4 1/2 stars and above, except Zumanity. We were sorely disappointed! We were celebrating our anniversary and decided to go to the adult themed show. OK, first the pros...the comedians were great, funny, quick witted adult humor, and spontaneous. The contortionist was great, I don't think he had one joint that he could not twist another way. The girls that did tricks in the glass were good synchronized swimmers...perfect timing and erotic. Now...for the cons..Most Cirque shows have things going on simultaneously..Zumanity does not. The stage is small compared to their other shows. It is mostly one act at at time. My husband states that it seems like it is the Cirque training grounds. We did not like the guy with the devil horns and fur, growling like the devil and running around the stage and audience. There are several parts that if you are into sadomasochism, you would enjoy. They come out with whips. One girl is blindfolded, whisked into the air writhing about with candles on the ground. We did not find that erotic or sexy. There is another part where two men are fighting over a woman; they put them in a cage, then they discover they like each other and begin kissing...We love erotica, but this show was not it! I wished we could have gotten tickets for "O".
5	Just fun...show up 45 minutes early!!! It is hilarious! I had no clue what is was when I went....left laughing....great show...open minded adults only, as it gets into the other side of humanity!!!!
4	Let me just get this out of the way: I fuckin' HATE Cirque du Soleil. I find their played-out shtick to be overly whimsical and pretentious, and how many times can you watch an aerialist twirling around on a silk rope before you start to yawn??? All those amazing acrobatics become mind-numbingly boring after the 100th time you've seen them...which is a shame, because it really is amazing stuff. It's just SOOOO PLAYED OUT!Having said that, I totally dig Zumanity! It's supposed to be the "sexxxy" side of Cirque...but I prefer to just pretend it isn't a Cirque show at all. Easier to enjoy that way, ya know?!  And besides, you wouldn't even really know it was a Cirque show anyway -- no weird feathered birdlike creatures, no stupid World-Fusion-Opera music, no retarded conceptual storylines about Life and Love.It's mostly just mildly titillating numbers about sex, in all its forms. Gay, straight, kinky, solo...they cover it all. It's all pretty tongue-in-cheek, and very over-the-top, but I still found it amusing and interesting. The costumes are totally bad-ass, and there is some amazing dancing and prancing to watch. Plus there are quite a few parts that are genuinely funny. (SEE?? I **TOLD** you it wasn't like the other Cirque shows!!)It's not really dirty. If you're offended or made uncomfortable by this lightweight shit, you need to loosen up & get a LIFE!
2	This was my 9th Cirque show. If you are looking for fit partially nude people and none of what you have come to expect as Cirque's standards of entertainment, than go ahead and spend your money on this one. I am still kicking myself for choosing this over O and  the Chris Angel Believe show. Actually, I would have rather seen Mystere again over this. My husband and I almost left early which we NEVER do and we just kept looking at each other like "REALLY??". Not in a prudish way at all - more like an "I can't believe we spent our $ on this!" way. Giant disappointment :(
5	There are so many things to compliment about this show. I don't even know where to start, but I'll randomly pick the obvious. It will make you hot no matter what your preference. Haha! From hula hooping school girls to cage fighting muscle boys, Zumanity has got a little something for everyone. If that's not enough, try getting one of the love seats around the stage. You'll be a part of the show whether you like it or not. Let your inner exhibitionist shine!Zumanity is a great way to start your adventures in Las Vegas, celebrate a sexy special occasion, or explore the wild side of life through breathtaking physical art. Of all the Cirque du Soleil shows, this one is the perfect match for Sin City. Rock on Zumanity!
5	Funny and sexy and a little naughty.  A perfect show for Vegas.  Make sure you're comfortable with some nudity!
1	Very poor show. You would expect arial acts, wonderful correography, and a better Cirque spectacular. The acts were poor, the costumes were outdated and just because some people showed their tits does not make it. We have seen most all of the Cirque shows as well as La Reve. Zumanity does not even belong in the same category. Don't waste your money? Did the dinner package a Gallaghers and that was a total rip off.$60.00 per person without drinks. It did include gratuity.
2	Wow - what an experience my wife and I had - First, we weren't planning on seeing a show, but happened to be in the casino when they were handing out discount passes to Zumanity, so we said, why not? The line at the box office was painfully slow, we had 3 people in front of us and it still took an hour...AN HOUR! Once we did make it to the clerk, she informed us the discount passes were not good for the show time we were able to make. Figures, isn't that how it goes! So, I must say, the show itself is pretty impressive - very funny, amazing and entertaining. This review reflects nothing about the show itself - the performers were incredible.Here is the problem - the theatre staff/management. We were seated in front a group of drunken idiots who didn't speak english and apparently didnt understand what was happening around them. They were completely out of control. THEATRE STAFF DID NOTHING! We complained and were told it was our own fault, we should have asked to be reseated elsewhere! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!! We then asked for the manager, and she couldn't have been less helpful - she didnt care either, she told us they 'tried' to ask them to be quiet! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! YOU ASKED THEM TO BE QUIET?We go no where with the theatre staff, so we went to hotel management. They couldn't care less. There are plenty of choices in Vegas - no need to ever step foot into New York New York again.My apologies to the performers of Zumanity, you were amazing! You are the only reason this review doesn't get one star. It is unfortunate that your theatre staff don't care enough about other patrons - our experience was completely ruined.
5	S.Heart and I enjoyed the show! I've never been to a Cirque show before, and this was a great way to kick off more to come. I don't know why other people complain that this show is bad or "tasteless". The description clearly states what kind of show this is. If you're into this kind of stuff, don't come! I was wow-ed by the acrobatic stuff and I enjoyed the short skits. Zumanity really is a fun activity when you're in vegas. I liked it!
5	On a whim and some strong yelp ratings, the wife and I decided to see Zumanity while in Vegas.  To say that it is a sensual experience is an understatement.  It is an amazing blend of sexuality, sensuality, humor and the physicality that Cirque is so well known for.  Unlike some of the other Cirque shows that seem to get lost in their thematic process, this show stayed very true to its mission of sensuality and the expression of our sexuality.  Some Cirque shows overwhelm you with the sheer magnitude of the staging (O and Ka come to mind), but not Zumanity.  The stars of the show are the performers and clowns and they do not disappoint.  If you are looking to set the right mood with that special someone in Vegas, here is where to start.
4	This was the 4th cirque show I've seen, the others being Alegria, Corteo, and Kooza. This Cirque show was obviously quite different from the other three, because the focus is less on acrobatics, and more on artistic presentation and the expression of human sexuality. That is not to say that the show was devoid of acrobatics, amazing flexibility and jaw-dropping stunts. All of that was still present, but decidedly toned down in order to up the humor, audience interaction, and sensuality.The show is hosted by Edie, a witty and attention-commanding drag queen who really connects with the audience. She made an excellent mistress for the evening, and was in no short supply of wisecracks and double entendres. Acrobatics included hoop tricks, strength displays, rope and silk climbing and soaring, contortionists, and dancing. The costumes were also great, and matched with the side of human sexuality they were trying to express. The only thing that detracted from the show were the constant giggles and gasps and judegmental "oh my god"'s that could be heard from neighboring seats. If you're squeamish and shy and immature, this is probably not the show for you! It's about sex. All kinds of sex. Straight, gay, and otherwise. If you turn red at the sight of a perfume advertisement, or blush at words like "erotic" and "horny" or harbor some homophobic tendencies, this show may not be for you. Overall the show was visually appealing, entertaining, humorous and impressive. If you have the chance to catch this show (and you're not shy about sex and sensuality) definitely get some tickets.
5	By far my favorite cirque show. I've seen it twice already and planning to again in oct! I drag all my friends out here so I can show them how much they've been missing out on! The jokes are hilarious and the acrobats are spectacular. I was in awe and tears from the beginning to end.
4	Do not take your kids here. Its not that type of Cirque show. The dialogue is raunchy borderline profane but with a humorous twist that is un-Cirque-like. This was a spur of the moment show me and my girl went to after Gallagher's Steakhouse. I knew it was a mature show, but I didn't know how far they will take it. until the opening comedic act.There is plenty of topless nudity even some parts full. Without spoiling the plot (was there one?) lets just say that if your expecting to be taken to a mystical land like Ka or Mystere....you won't =P Its just plain adult humor and fun.
5	Hilarious, I would go again!
5	Saw this in 2009. It was my first Cirque show, and I was so impressed. Got great seats in advance. The venue itself was small and intimate, a lot smaller than I expected. I also did not expect there to be so much live audience participation, but you can't go if you're shy... often they pick the people that shelled out the most money to sit at the front to go on stage and engage in dry humping or some other embarrassing but entertaining act. It was like a comedy show + the awesome/half naked acrobatics. I loved it!! Haha. I don't want to give anything away, but it's definitely worth it.
2	One of my least favorite Cirque shows. Saw this in 2009 and at the time being the first Cirque show I had seen, I was impressed. Now, having seen 4 Cirque shows since then, it's whatever. Unless you want to see (little) boobies, I would say your money is better spent on one of the other shows on the strip, such as Love or Mystere (haven't seen O and I though KA was rather boring).
2	I was very unimpressed and disappointed with this Cirque show. I've O, KA, Mystere, and Viva Elvis and I enjoyed all of those more than this show. Never again!
4	Sexy, Funny, Athletic, Sensual, are the words I would use to describe Zumanity.The theatre is decorated in a velvet, dim lit, goth kind of way which was great. This is an adult themed show. It involves topless women, and crude sexual humour. The show itself is very entertaining from start to finish. The cast members are pretty much sexy gymnists. The acrobatic stunts they perform are not the most daring, but still spectacular on the eye.Im pretty sure that there are those conservative people that would find this show completely offensive given its graphic sexual nature. There is both gay and straight content. So if you are immature about that type of situation, this is not for you. But if you are open minded, and are looking for a fun, funny and sexual show, you must see Zumanity. Oh and if you have stage fright, do not sit in the front row. There is a good chance you will be on stage being fondled by one of the cast members. Or they might approach you, put you on the mic, and ask you all types of private and embarrassing questions, which was funny to witness.There is a bar inside the theatre, so no need to worry if you forget to grab a drink prior to entering.My only complaint is that the theatre seating is pretty cramped and tight. You really do not have any elbow room.Other than that small gripe, my wife and I loved the show and would definitely recommend this show to everyone. Besides kids of course.
4	Went to the Sun 9/30 10pm show, Zumanity (New York New York) is very entertaining, very sexy, great performances, balcony seats don't have the best view, bought my tix through a discount service on the strip last minute. I recommend spending the extra cash on floor seating if available. There are bars inside and outside the theatre for your drinking pleasure. My one neative to speak of would be that at times the music is so soothing you may want to take a snooze.
5	I LOVED this show. My husband and I went to Vegas 2 years ago to get married and it was our first time. We went to a few shows but nothing compared to Zumanity. Before the actual show starts, some of the performers walk around and are interactive with the crowd. I got to be one of the lucky ones and it was just HILARIOUS! It's out of the ordinary and the performers are so talented. I was thoroughly entertained through the entire show and would even watch it again!
4	we decided to see the show on the spur of the moment, and snagged discounted tickets at the "Half Off" ticket booth (hint: get to the booth early, as the line mover very sloooowwwwly). We elected to sit on the balcony, 4th row, and I'm glad we did. The stage itself is like a tear drop, and about 5 feet high - so sitting in the first few rows does not necessarily afford you a full view and appreciation of the performance. But it will put you in the front lines of being picked on, questioned, or actually pulled into the show. So, you decide. Overall, it was fun, enjoyable, amazing to see what human bodies are capable of - the show is erotic, but primarily in a sensual kind of way: there are some raunchy jokes and insinuations, but again, this is for adults, so if something like this bothers you, skip this venue. Otherwise, be prepared for songs, dance, swimmers, flying acrobats, romance, raunchy humor, drag queens, "little" people, and a lot of skin. Get to the theater early: you can take pictures with some members of the cast: and they are all a FINE human specimen, oozing sex appeal.
5	I decided to watch to show when it came out as it was said to be, "The Sensual side of Cirque" and it did live up to motto. I knew I was going to run into some sexual, raunchy and of course half naked bodies running around on stage and doing some erotic acrobatic moves but I'll leave that to your imagination. MMMmm....It was recommended that we book on the 2nd level of the theater because we'd have a better view then the front rows, plus it was less expensive so why not? The intro was unlike no other Cirque show I've seen. The host was a tall slender drag queen that would talk to the audience and ask intimidating questions about who are they with and some sexual questions that were provocative and humorous. All the dancers were talented and I enjoyed all the acts, throughout the show I've seen all types of body types on stage, full figure woman half naked, tall and small people and very attractive men and woman. I think it was suppose to evoke a sense of erotica sexual energy and being comfortable with the human body. I enjoyed every second of this show and still have some of the acts in my memory. This truly was a sensual experience!
5	I dont see how you could give less than five stars.  This show is amazing, the people are far more talented then any one of us that are rating them.  Taking out of consideration that they people are slightly nude, the show is amazing and the people are truly talented!  I do think that you have to be a little open minded before going to this show, but hey, we're all adults here!
2	This show had the glitz , glamour and bling, of the other Cirque du Soleil shows, but lacked the real complicated acrobatics and stunts of the other ones I had seen in the past.  I can see naked boobs and butts at strip joints if I wanted and many of the pole dancers are very talented as well, and do not cost me around $100 for 1.5 hrs to watch them.  I didn't find this show raunchy or offensive, but it rather bored me to death with the repetitive light core contortion stunts done by so many of the acts.  To me, the best parts were the comedic scenes that involved audience participation.  If you're looking for a performance that portrays the talents of what the human body can achieve rather than just half-naked ( not  even full nude) people prancing around in costumes, then spend your time watching some other Cirque du Soleil show in Vegas.
1	Wow did this turn into a shit show. I saw this years ago when it first opened, and I loved it, would have given it 5 stars then. Times have changed, and like New York New York, this show has definitely seen it's day. Excuse me for being honest, but I felt it was a bunch of rejects from strip clubs who couldn't get a job so they hired them here. The woman looked tore up, meth'd out, there is nothing sexy about being road hard and put away wet, unless that look is in and I didn't get the message? The men, uh hemm, uh I think there were a couple, nothing hot about them either. This used to be very sensual, sexual, artistic, an entertaining, but this time I couldn't wait for it to be over, and not in a good way! There is nothing sexy (to me) about 2 guys making out, a midget making dry hump gestures, a bunch of gay men trying to pretend they are enjoying fondling a woman. It was just so forced, and awkward. Let me tell you, I'm am totally open minded and I don't get offended, this was just boring. I guess the tourists from the Midwest would enjoy this, being the most scandalous show they have seen and the old men in the audience who haven't seen a naked woman in years, but I say pass on this! There aren't any great sexy shows in town anymore.
4	An enjoyable show with fantastic acrobatics and adult-themed humor.
4	Zumanity is fun, cleaver, a little raunchy, and a lot of fun. It's pure Vegas and the audience on the night we were there had a great time.....I have seen other Cirque shows, Love {awesome}, O {good}, Mystere {great} and Zumanity while not my favorite was made fun by the naughtyness and audience participation.
1	Boring, unsexy, and Not worth Money & TimeSkip this Show. I saw all cirque Shows on the Strip& this One was the worstThe lil boobie Girls on the Stage. Sexy? No Not at all. They Looked like dudesThe couple who thought they are sexy & funny .... A Miss. :-(Acrobatic? Not reallyThe guys more gay then attractive. What i Liked the 2 fat Girls, waterbowl, tribal dancers. Everything Else was a joke. I was embarassed to See the choking Part, the boobie Story with the ugly Lady, Pom Pom Dance OMG disgusting. Only pro we had Good seats & had a Great view. But for the First Time i wish i Could have Choose Last row so i dont had to See ugly tiny boobs & gay looking dudes & an Old Lady dryhumping a Guy, midget dryhumping...
5	Hilarious, sexy, sensual and awesome! Also, no seat is bad in this location. Sorta smallish so don't worry. However, if you sit in first four rows or so you might be conjoled into participating with the case. Don't worry it was all good fun and actually were some of the funniest parts of the show!
4	I had a friend visiting from the east coast that wanted to see a Cirque du Soleil show.  Opting for the local deal, we decided on Zumanity on a Monday night.  I did not do my research on the show so wasn't sure what to expect, except some nudity warned by the ticket lady.  I loved the view of walking in and seeing the performers standing at the entrance.  We headed straight for the bar, then were escorted in to the front row.  Still not sure how we managed that but I'll never turn down a good seat.  Our view was decent and we were very involved in the show.  This is definitely a show that all inhibitions should be left at the door.  I'll be the first to admit that I enjoy a good raunchy show, which this definitely is!!  I don't get embarrassed easily but I had a few blushing moments.  The cast interacted with us, talking directly to us and the occasional knee touching which we didn't mind.  I have to agree with other reviews, that the show lacked complicated acrobatics and stunts.  The show was filled with boobs, butts, erotic moves, sex toys, drag and lots of laughs.  We did notice a few people walking out.  This is a fun show that isn't' meant for the easily embarrassed, prude or close minded.  Like other Cirque du Soleil shows, I will return to this show again....at the local deals rate. If Zumanity were to add in more acrobatics and stunts, they would have received 5 stars from me.  Doesn't quite compare to other Cirque du Soleil shows, but definitely one to enjoy for a fun night out!!
4	I saw Zumanity a little over a year ago when I was in Vegas for my 21st birthday. This was the first Cirque show that I have ever seen and I was blown away. This show was sexy and fun. The actors are also extremely talented. The acrobats were my favorite. If you're in Vegas and want to see a talent filled show then definitely go see Zumanity. And be sure to get there about 30 minutes early. The interaction with the audience before the show is hilariously terrific!
5	Wow, this was actually the second best Cirque show I have ever seen and I think I have seen all of them!  This show had good humor, interesting dancing and unusual sets.  The nudity was minimal and the show didnt drag on like most shows.
4	This was so much fun. NOT A PLACE TO TAKE YOUR CONSERVATIVE ASIAN MAMA.I'm glad I didn't. This was so Rihanna-Rated-R, and SO MUCH FUN. I love their openness. I can see how a lot of narrow-minded people would not enjoy this because it certainly skirts the boundaries of sexy to lewd. There was definitely not one crude moment and my absolute favorite was the host, who I think is a man dressed as a woman.The main focus of this show was definitely 1) sensuality, then 2) humor then 3) acrobatics. There's not as much emphasis on contortion, gymnastics, etc as much as other Cirque du Soleil shows so if you're looking for that, then I suggest trying out the other shows.
5	This show was AMAZING. Very glam and sexy. The stunts were phenomenal, they were extremely talented and kept my boyfriend and I entertained the whole time. They kept pulling people from their seats which is very cool!!!! Everything about this show was perfect. Im planing on seeing all Cirque du Soleil shows.
5	Fun and sensual! Definitely for the open minded. Great for couples!
4	I've been to many Vegas shows at this point (Blue Man Group, O, Penn & Teller, etc.) and Zumanity definitely ranks up there with the best of them.  However, I will say, it really didn't hold a candle to it's sister Cirque show O....O was amazing, Zumanity was very good.I was surprised at the smallness of the theater that it plays in, but I guess I was expecting something more the size of the Vegas shows I've been too. The theater was very nice, and because of it's size, the show had a very intimate quality about it. Many of the actors walked down and around and interacted with the audience. A word of caution: This is a VERY sexualized show unlike other Cirque shows. You MUST be 18 to even enter the theater, and I would definitely NOT RECOMMEND GOING WITH YOUR PARENTS or anyone else that you would be even mildly uncomfortable with.  It's not just that it's topless at times, because honestly, that is done very artsy and tastefully, but the show itself is centralized around  really erotic ideas. We're talking guys in underwear making out, guys in drag walking around with huge silver penises, anything you can think of. They bring members of the audience on stage and have the actors hump them. I could see how many people would be made very uncomfortable by the show if they were not expecting something so sexual. It didn't make me uncomfortable, but there were a lot of people who I could tell WERE. There were some really funny parts of the show, as well as some really beautiful parts, but all in all...their mantra is "Let's Talk About Sex, Baby" and talk about it they did!I would recommend O or Blue Man Group OVER this show as I enjoyed both of those better, but I definitely do not regret going to see it.
5	Loved every moment of it! Wasn't even planning on a show but at the ticket discount venue we took advantage of their deal and I'm so glad we did. Arrived as informed, early since the discounted tickets are first come first serve. Got into the theater to walk into their preshow where the performers were mingling with the guests. So much fun just during that. Once seated inside we were pleased with our seats for being discounted and last minute they were decent.  Off to the side on the upper level. Show was awesome never once was I left unentertained. So much to take in, sure its very adult & risque, but its exciting and fun. Drinks are priced the same as all shows are, priced  very high but being tipsy does add to the experience! You leave feeling frisky & sexy lol.
5	There are a few things that I aspire to complete before I die. 1. Visit the Pyramids of Egypt.2. Get a graduate degree.3. Use the word "merkin" in a Yelp review.Looks like I can cross #3 off my list thanks to last night's viewing of Zumanity. Not too many merkins here, but the ones that they did use did prevent any full frontal. This is a show best enjoyed by understanding and appreciating the human form and what those human bodies can do (and what humans do with certain human body parts). If you don't want to look at naked women, hear sex sounds, or be embarrassed by potentially going onstage for audience participation (more on that later), I don't recommend this show.I can personally speak to the fact that they do not have plants in the audience for their audience participation. Yes, yours truly was selected to go onstage and perform with a man from Houston. The adrenaline rush was such that I barely remember it, but my friend and guest to the show Vanessa N. said that I didn't seem nervous at all. The show definitely pushes the envelope to "transgressive" but I wouldn't call it groundbreaking. Well maybe I would, considering it has a pretty wide market, potentially opening minds that wouldn't otherwise respect or appreciate outside-the-norm sexuality. To recap: don't go with your parents, on a first date, or expecting to see a nice little show about people falling in love. This show is about the thing that got us all here, s-e-x, and does a good job of translating it to the Cirque du Soleil stage.
3	Circus sex. The purgatory between acrobatics and a sensual topless show. If you like things mixed up crazy and topped off with awkward audience participation then this is your best bet when searching for the Cirque du Soleil show that fits your needs. But, if you are like me and want an adventure that makes you "Ooh and Aww" or (not and) a display that leaves you craving for physical satisfaction then look elsewhere. Zumanity just left me feeling confused. There are great performances, don't get me wrong.. but each time I felt myself captivated by either the a challenging stunt or a sexual display I was jerked into the opposite direction. It left me unsettled and left me wondering why I couldn't just be left alone! Either give me more extremely awesome hula hooping mid-air or  give me more faux-orgasm aerial silk, but do not give me both!! I'm not mad I saw this show, despite the $70 minimum ticket, but I would not ask for a repeat. I recommend watching the trailers for each of the Cirque du Soleil shows available in Vegas and picking which ones seem to suit your personality. I know I pushed my limits with this one and that is exactly what was delivered. If you do like sexy and adventure but not combined, perhaps try another acrobatic show and then follow it up with a purely topless venture. ;)
5	It is called, "the sensual side of cirque" for a reason. It is!! If you're going to see this to see the topless women, go to a strip club. This is a very interesting, sensual side of cirque while still maintaining some of the sillyness from a few characters and the always wonderful acrobatic type events of all their shows. Sat first row balcony and wish we would have gotten one of the couple loveseats. Next time for sure.If you're expecting strippers or traditional cirque, this is not for you. Great place to bring your wife/husband/sig other for a romantic evening.
3	Got tickets from the discounted stand under Golden Nugget(?? forgot)Advertised as: "sensual" more like.."kinky"! it's a great show, not for the faint hearted or old asian people over 50s. (whom I saw, with the horrified "WTF look" on their face, and trying to figure out if they truly walked into the wrong show - LOL)Content warning: guys kissing, female masturbating,  naked ballet dancers. if you can handle this. you'll love it. but boy, i feel bad for that large & old Asian family - who seriously looked like they have no idea what they got themselves into. Not recommended for: adults over 45. (aka. old people). Minorities of all races or Mormons. Anyone who are conservative or prudes (aka, Asian mothers)
3	We got a pretty good seat, about 5th row from the front and got a good view of everything. The show was pretty entertaining.  I just find it weird how the host kept asking stuff  like "are you guys feeling horny?". Meh.. Not really.. I mean are we supposed to? If so, you guys shouldn't put comedy after every "sensual" or "sexy" acrobatic act. I can't feel horny when you guys are going around poking fun at people. Aside from that, I find the show artistic and entertaining. I would've watched it the second time but I would probably do it after I watched other cirque show.
4	*blush*Zumanity will get you comfortable, REAL comfortable with the human body. We got last minute tickets for Zumanity on a Sunday night. Checking the Cirque website online, we found a 30% off student deal (Shhh...we still keep our student IDs). Score! Got seating about 7th row back from the center of the stage. I don't think it matters where you sit, unless maybe you are on the balcony, because the stage is circular and you can see the performance pretty well from all directions.This show has a lot of interactive components. Actors will go into the audience, ask questions, talk, jiggle their boobs, etc. =PThere is a live band playing, stage singing, comedy and of course lots of acrobatics. The show was really entertaining and well acted. It is different from a lot of the Cirque show's I've seen, in the sense that this is more focused on comedy and sexuality, versus the really technical feats of acrobatics you'd see in KA and O. There are tons of R rated stuff going on, so be advised not to sit next to your parents while watching this! It was a very interesting show, and if you are looking for an acrobatic show with a twist, this is definitely it!
5	I LOVED THIS SHOW!It's definitely not for the faint of heart. It's spicy, irreverent, sexy, entertaining. Everything in the theater, even down to the plush chairs, is like being in a cabaret. The host is fun, all of the performers are engaging. It's a perfect mix of sensuality and humor. The best advice is to bring someone you might want to get it on with later ;-)It's the standard Cirque athleticism and breathtaking feats but with a sexy twist. I loved it and will definitely go back. Worth every penny for the ticket.
3	I thought the show was just OK.  The acrobatics were a little disappointing.  I think I'm comparing it to other Cirque du soleil shows which is why I wasn't that happy about it.  It was a little boring.....there wasn't really "coooool" moments.  It was mildly funny.  Go see it if there aren't any other tickets available but be sure to get the cheap tickets.
5	This is an AMAZING show.  I was on the edge of my seat and grinning from ear to ear for every minute.  We chose this show over other Adult shows after reading countless articles and blogs that said that it was the #1 adult show in Vegas.  Plus, it's Cirque du Soleil, adult done Cirque du Soleil is mighty tempting.  My boyfriend and I were not disappointed at all.The show synopsis says that there is something for everyone, and this is very true.  There was a segment for gays, for lesbians, heterosexuals, bondage, S&M, self-pleasure, and even something very vanilla.  WARNING:  So if you aren't open about sex and all of it's possibilities this is probably not the show for you.  There was contortionism, true-Cirque acrobatics, arial stunts, comedy, music, everything was extremely beautiful and tasteful.The theatre is very small and every seat in the house is very good.  We sat in the balcony and could still see everything perfectly.RECOMMENDATION: Get there early, there is a pre-show and it is very funny.  If you are in the first row or two be prepared to be talked to and maybe even invited on stage by performers.  I saw a cape touch a few people in front during the performance so if that makes you uncomfortable, sit a few rows back.I can not wait to see this again!
5	My husband surprised me with tickets while we were celebrating my birthday in Vegas over the summer.  He got them at a discount through "summer of Cirque" but I would definitely pay full price to see it again!We had great seats!  We were in the 2nd row, behind the couches, center left.  Honestly, there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  I was so happy that we got there a little early because the pre-show was hilarious. We were on the edge of our seats the entire show.  It was VERY sensual but there was also a great mix of humor, live music, and acrobatics.  I highly recommend seeing this show with your significant other!
5	Hands down, the best show in Vegas. It is raunchy, sexy and fun, without a filter. Loved every minute of it. That goes for the pre show as well. The cast is phenomenal and very interactive with the audience. We got seats a few rows back from the front and once the show started, we were kicking ourselves for not having paid the extra $20-30 for front row tickets. Every performance kept our attention glued to the stage. If you plan on seeing one show in Vegas, make it this one. It is a must see. If you're paying for seats in the orchestra, you may as well pay the extra $'s to get the complete experience of this show.
5	This show was awesome!  I went with my husband and two friends and we all really enjoyed it.  We've been to other Cirque shows before so we knew what to expect, but this was way different.  The tickets came free with our trip and we were so glad we picked this show to see.  We would pay to go back and see it again.  The pre-show was really funny so be sure to get there early.  Best adult show we have seen so far!
3	I hold a high standard to Cirque du Soleil shows, as I've seen and been impressed by a number of them over the years. Disclaimer: Don't get me wrong with my three stars, this show was still great. If you haven't seen a  Cirque du Soleil show, ignore my comments/rating. I went with the bf who had never been and he was highly impressed. This coming from a guy who has clearly stated he's not a show guy (after falling asleep at a broadway show in the real NYC). With that said, if you have seen one of the Cirque productions before, you might want to skip this one. The production was still good, but the overall quality of the show seemed to be taken down a notch due to a focus on the sensuality/sexuality. In the end, boobs are boobs. If you keep that in mind it wasn't overly raunchy considering the other things that you can see in Vegas.
1	I decided on this Cirque du Soleil show bc of the cheap ticket prices, but I have to admit, I still expected Cirque quality level. Saying I was disappointed with be an EXTREME understatement. If you want to basically see a burlesqeu show with a TON of nudity (basically EVERY girl takes her top off), un-necessary sexuality, and crued jokes, then this is the show for you! But if you are like me, and are interested in a Cirque show with amazing perfromances, precision, and talent, then don't waste your time!!! So unhappy and disappointed :(
5	So my Zumanity experience differs a bit from most other peoples. It started off with me downing 6 ounces of Absinthe and ended with me being brought up on stage at the end. So between all of that and how much the show entertained me, it's 5 stars all the way!I will say that if you're a bit reserved, then you probably won't enjoy the show that much. But a lot like Anthony Bourdain, I have No Reservations, so I was able to just be drunk and enjoy it 100%. I didn't really dig the few little "comedic" skits that were in between all the high-flying performances, but they didn't really take up very much time of the show so it was no biggie. The big performance pieces were up my alley for sure. Combined with the sexy women and lack of clothing, there wasn't much for me not to love.We sat three rows back on the center aisle. The performers do come out into the crowd, so if you're more of a watcher and not much of a doer, you may want to sit a little further back. I became part of a skit where one of the women decided to flee from the man which resulted in her sitting in my lap and eventually bringing me up on stage. I didn't think much would come of it, but the next thing you know I'm getting my shirt taken off and layed down on stage where three of the women did a striptease lapdance number on me. Granted it was a tad ackward because I was enjoying it fully on the inside but didn't want to...ummm...show it on the outside I guess you would say. Thankfully I succeeded and went home with a professional photo from my on-stage experience as well as a wormwood-induced hazzy memory of it all.Five stars all the way, and this is coming from someone that hasn't really enjoyed any of the other Cirque shows I've taken it.
3	One of the better Cirques.Funny, artful, and entertaining.  If you get the chance (and would like to be "involved" in the "experience", I recommend the love seats.  We sat stage left and the creeper, Latin lover dude wouldn't leave us alone.  Tickets are definitely on the cheaper side for Vegas shows and, like any Cirque du Soleil, It does not disappoint.  There's so much going on at times, you can get lost.
5	This is a fun, sexy, romantic Cirque show - with many comic moments. For us,   The girls swimming in the champagne glass is most memorable.  Its a good show with a lot going on.....We bought the lowest price tickets and went mid week.  It was a slow night so they upgraded us to excellent seats for free.Highly recommend for a cirque show especially if you are a romantic couple- straight or LGBT - the show has something for everyone wanting to be a tad naughty.....
4	Another great Cirque show! This is definitely the funniest of the bunch. The host(ess) was AMAZING, but I had to spend 90% of the show trying to convince my boyfriend that she was definitely a he. I loved the audience participation and the unexpected artistic elements. This is definitely a rated R show and PERFECT for a bachelorette party or a group of friends with a sense of humor. The theater is very small so you can get a great view from any seat.
5	This had the same skill level as other Cique du Soleil shows with an edgier/adult side to it. My wife(23) and myself(26) decided to goto this show on a whim because it was out last night in Vegas. We both absolutely loved the show! As for the tickets, we went to vegas.com and scored lower orchestra tickets for the same price as upper balcony! And to save $15 on a $150 (2+ tickets) purchase we found a promo code on google.Check this show out, very entertaining!!!
3	Meh, I was entertained. Zumanity isn't nearly as immersive an experience as O or Ka, but it was fun for what it was. Some of the performances were much better than other, but the crowd interaction really helped keep the show interesting. I would recommend going to see this show after seeing one of the bigger production Cirque shows first. Also, I don't know if there was just a strobe light directly in front of me, but the strobe effects had me looking away every now and then to avoid a headache.
5	A must see! Adults only. Best show I have seen in Vegas, to date.
3	Zumanity is an also ran in the world of cirque shows.  It has the bare minimum of nudity (or was there any nudity, because many of the performers were wearing one suits with fake nipples).The acts were fine, but the same you have seen in other cirque shows.  The humor is the same humor a 7th grader would use when talking about sex. There is something for every, straight, gay, male, female, etc.We went in January, which by the way, if you come to Vegas to see the shows, that is your month after CES.  We got the cheapest seats available from Tix4Tonight and was constantly upgraded.  We sat 2nd row by the stage for Zumanity.
1	Anyone that wrote a positive review of this is either out of their minds or paid to do it. This is the dumbest show I've ever seen. I was told by a cab driver this would be good for a bachelor party - and the first couple acts were. Then, it basically turned into a show full of dumb skits and unimpressive tricks done by men in short shorts. Don't think I'm discriminating just cause it was full of near naked men, i'm not, it was just dumb. We couldn't wait for it to end and had more patience than other people who were leaving early; don't blame them one bit. Find another show.
4	This is the most fun and engaging out of all Circus-themed shows I have seen (O, Mystere, Totem, Zarkana, Le Reve) The other shows have more Technical and Theatrical Props. Zumanity is more on fun, fetish and the human body.I used a NYNY Show Package for 190+ which includes 2 tickets on the balcony and a 1 Night stay. Not bad!MINUS 4 Stars. The lady at the Box Office was flippant and and i felt that when she spoke to me that I was beneath her! I got that vibe from her. I think she either didn't want to be there that night or she didn't like my face. I felt this because the other 2 box office ladies next to her were pleasant. I really wished I got them instead. I'm usually not an angry person (as evidenced by my reviews). Lady from Honduras.. you were just UGH angry. Yelpers, if you ever come across her.. if you can help it.. go to the next lady.Plus 4 Stars for Edie, "the Mistress of Sensuality". She was just fabulous.
3	If I had to describe this show in one sentence it would be "Rocky Horror goes to the Olympics".  Really bizzare at times, with conflicting activities happening simultaneously in the show.  Sometimes, it wasn't hard to ignore some the odd acts while watching another entertaining act going on above, below or behind the other but other times I wanted to watch both and that was very difficult.  Some of the audience participation was very funny, especially when the cast members came out into the crowd, but when they dragged a few audience members on stage, it was much more awkward.  The athleticism was amazing throughout the show and several of the cast members displayed some other very attractive qualities and talents as well.  The venue is pretty good since it is on the smaller side so it allows the show to be more personal and in-your-face.  My wife and I had a decent discount which made the show a fair value.  I think full price or anywhere near that would be way too much for this one.  If you can get a great deal and aren't easily embarassed by public sensuality and crude humor then it's a worthwhile show to check out.  Overall it was funny at times, erotic at others and just really weird at other times.  I look forward to seeing some of the other Cirque du Soleil shows next time we're in town.
1	I've lived in Vegas nearly 40 years and have seen man;y shows over that time. This was the worst I've seen. Boring Boring Boring. I guess for being in a major hotel I expected a lot more out of it.I've seen smaller shows in smaller venues that were more entertaining. They were probably less expensive to put together put at least it was fun seeing the performers put their all into a low budget production.I spent a fair chunk of the show visiting with the bartender. He was more entertaining than the show.Don't waste your money on this show. From a local I can tell you for a fact that there are much better ways to blow your money in this town.
5	Whew! That's my first impression when I walked out of the show. I recommend watching this with your significant other, especially if you're in a "what happens in vegas stays in vegas" mood. It definitely heightened the sexual tension in the room and they did a good job making everything look sexy. It was HOT HOT HOT!
4	Zumanity is a great show. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it very much!It's a very sexy show, so if you're not turned on while watching it then you're dead below the waist. I loved the comedy bits as well, I almost fell out of my chair laughing!I definitely recommend this show if you're looking for something entertaining and raunchy!
5	I loved it! I did have many drinks before this show, so I was feeling great already... but it was different than any Cirque show I had seen previously, since it's adult only. The acrobatics were wonderful and, as in all Cirque shows, appeared effortless. Great performers. We were in the 2nd row and the performers definitely are topless. There are some funny adult jokes made, and overall it was very talent-filled and entertaining. A fun time for sure.
3	Great Show, however, if you've seen a few, this is not much different at all. As for the sensual side...not much sexuality as I thought it would be. Great because of the unnatural talents of the performers of course, but disappointed in the seduction it claimed to produce. All performers were your "Cirque du Soleil" norm. (Maybe was hoping to see abnormal breastsssss or something. LOL Women were not that attractive and men had too much makeup on which is another turn off. This show does cater to all, straight, gay, bi, freaks, etc. We missed the photo op with the characters, so do arrive at least 1/2 hour to 1 hour early in order to get photos and your drinks on. Our friends got stuck at the bar ordering drinks and missed the hilarious intro! They lock the doors and won't let you back into the seating area until intro is over. Don't miss the intro...and that's when they scout out their next victims too. As you walk in, don't forget to peep into the peep holes on the walls...haha, however, again disappointed by it. Peep holes = some excitement to my curious ojos. Nope, my ojos got saddened by the lame tiny photos. I guess my perverted eyes wanted to see real body parts. Wouldn't it be awesome if you could peep in and see real naked people kissing or something? By Vegas standards, that is sooooo doable. And by something, I mean boobs. hahaha (yes, I'm a straight lady). Very very impressed by the music and Musicians!!! All Live singing and band above is glorious! Some parts of show was trying to be exotic and sensual and then BAM! They hit you with this crazy, jaw dropping act...in a bad way, like an act that would make your husbands wee wee go down, WAY DOWN! N o t     attractive what so ever!Overall, I must say that this show was definitely more funny and hilarious at moments than a thrilling turn on. Clown folks made me laugh. And as for participation, they will only pick you if you sit way in front! We were only about 8 rows back, but no such luck. :) Way in front = $$$ 5 rows up or closer. Well....it's entertainment! :) Went to show this past weekend, Feb. 9th, 2013.Female, 30-40 (age range) Happily married with 3 kids...Californian.
3	I wanted to do something fun in Vegas and of course Cirque de Soleil was the first thing in my mind. I've seen O and it was amazing, breath-taking. This time I picked Zumanity. It was very funny, I laughed alot, many sexy jokes but they were very tasty and classy sex jokes. Music was very good, singers were very talented. The reason I am giving 3 stars is because there were lack of circus, and not much acrobatic show, they cut the circus part short to be sexy I guess. It is good if you are looking for a funny and sexy show with your partner, and seeing bunch of half naked girls and guys, otherwise I'll stick to other Cirque de Soleil shows.
4	Quick review:*Ushers who guide you to your seat....definitely NOT sexy! (despite see-through clothing)*Do not be alarmed: there is no exposed ding-dong in this show.*Some of the songs were actually pretty good.*French guy's pink elevator shoes are hilarious.*Lady who does the "baggies" sketch didn't really have nice boobs, which I guess is the point of the "baggies."  To her credit, she was funny.*Siberian hoop lady is the second best act.*LESBIAN FISH BOWL: BEST ACT HANDS DOWN, ESPECIALLY THE UZBEK GIRL WHO DOES THE HANDSTAND INTO A DIVE!For what it's worth, although a lot of people hate on this show, I found it better than Ka.  Was fun going to the late show.  Kind of a weird show but maybe that's what made it fun.  Recommended.
4	Loved it! I went to the 7:30p show on Valentine's Day, and my guy and I were both super excited because 1. Zumanity sounds incredible and 2. it was my first Cirque experience. We were up in the balcony, which wasn't an issue at all. Every seat is a good seat in this beautiful theater! The performers were gorgeous and flawless - you could tell how much rehearsal goes into the show, from the music to the acrobatics to the costume design. We also loved the audience interaction, although I do wish the show was a liiiiittle bit more focused on the performers.Overall a great show that makes you truly appreciate the human body/your significant other ;) Shoutout to the Siberian hula hooper too...daaaaaayuuum.
2	My love suprised me by taking me here for our (night after) Valentines night together.  I had wanted to see this for so long and super excited to see it.  I have to say with all the hype there was alot to be desired.  The slapstick comedy was great and entertaining but as far as everything else it was a stretch.  Weird and awkward at times.  I guess I've seen alot of Cirque shows and it was really "just another Cirque show".Please dont get me wrong there was alot of talent here. The little guy doing the acrobatic part was one of our favorite parts.  The 2 guy tease back and forth you could have taken out...pretty tacky-and who really does that no matter who you are?  Like in other posts the audience interaction was funny but a little too much of that.We ran into some friends while we were there and their thought of the show was just as ours was "EH".  It was weird and entertaining to say the least.  Good to at least say I've seen it.
3	Took my man to what was suppose to be a sexy show. It was just OK. Half of it was pretty good, the other half was stupid. Not much into drag queens, or silly comedy. The acrobats were great. Saw, Cirque Love and Jersey Boys. Those were awsome shows compared to this.
4	Good show, Sexy, Funny and nice Theater. Love to see the sexy women, didn't care for the guy on guy kissing, but enjoyed everything else. I can't give it 5 stars because of the price. Too expensive for what you get. we paid $85 for Balcony, I think it's more a $50 dollar show. but it was Saturday night in Vegas so I expect to spend money. Every seat was good don't think is worth the money to be closer.
3	My husband and I are in town for CES, and he got us tickets for the show, after reading previous reviews we knew to keep an open mind but the people near us were not thrilled at one point. We however laughed and laughed and laughed, and when we weren't laughing we were in awe of the skill, stamina, and flexibility of these performers. There were at times, when too much was going on, and you had to decide which performers to watch, I could go again and again just to see what I KNOW I missed the first time. I walked out of there vowing to get in some more workouts, but man was it entertaining! 2 hours flew by without notice whatsoever.
2	Well..my fiance put it best as we were walking out.  It was like a very expensive freak show.  I love Cirque's and really liked the idea of one that would push the envelope a little.  But for the money...it really falls flat.We made the mistake of going to Le Reve first...and that was so unbelievably amazing..that it probably soured us a little here.
5	My girlfriend and I thought the show was awesome!  The show was funny, hot, and unbelievable all at the same time.  Each of the performers did a fantasitic job.  And they were all extremely attractive!  Men and women both will enjoy the sexy side of things.  The acts themselves were all really well done!  I can't think of one that I didn't enjoy.  I must say that I found myself forgetting that some of the girls were topless!  All of the performers are attractive!  The comedic relief was pretty good, too!  I laughed really hard!  They do pull guests on stage so if you don't want to be a part of the show, don't sit near an aisle or near the front row!  Drinks are pricy so pre-game as much as you can!Definitely a must if your in Sin City!!
4	Know that ANY show that takes this much work and talent to put together is pretty darn a must see.  The opening with the 2 girls in the fish bowl is SO cool.  You stay on the edge of your seat in awe with the fall in trick.  There is a lot of audience interaction if you are sitting below.   The show itself with the combo of playful grinding toward the end will warm you up.  If you are a voyeur you will REALLY enjoy the show.  keep and open mind and grab a drink...or two or three and you will be entertained. ENJOY!
2	Not my type of show...It's a sex theme with no clear direction or storyline.Funny at times, acrobatics were not the greatest.I guess i was expecting something more over-the-top for the price we paid.You can bring in outside drinks, as long as it's not glass.This theatre is small, so go ahead and buy the cheap seats.Mystere is better than Zumanity.
5	I've been to many Cirque shows, and this one is just as amazing. However, it's better in some ways because of the focus. I love how it involves human sexuality and sensuality.  The music was so incredible, and the, acrobatics are phenominal. And the personalities are hilarious. I love the audience interaction from start to finish. Love, love, love! Great to see with your sweetie.
5	If you are a prude & don't like sex don't come here. Theater was very intimate & cosy.Our balcony seats gave us a great view of all of the acrobatic acts. I don't like to strain my neck by looking up all the time. This would be the issue if we were in the orchestra seats.The show over-exceeded my expectations & kept me entertained the whole way through. Tip: if you are a student, call into box office they'll give you 20% off discount on tickets.If you are not a student, Travelzoo also has deals going on for this show too. Show was great visual effect of dancing, singing, live music, sexual innuendos of sexiness.
5	Excellent show, very funny and sexual!!! Keep an open mind and if your seats are in front be ready to participate in the festivities. Overall, nothing degrading all fun, all good.
4	I loved the interactions they had  with the audience, it was hilarious. The theatre is pretty small, so you'd get a good view even if you buy cheap seats. Overall, this show is funny and sexual but if you are religious this show is not for you.
4	Seen twice. Fun little show. 3 1/2-4 stars. I rounded up.Not as risque as you would expect for vegas.Remember, it's still a Cirque show.Enjoy!
5	This show is definitely not for the faint of heart or people who don't like sex. The show is fantastic. As a Vegas resident I bought the package deal they had that included two tickets for $99 and since we went for Valentine's day they included two drinks. You must be 18 or older to see the show, but you won't regret it. We had third row orchestra seats and they were great to see every aspect of the show. The show is funny, sexy, and they have great audience interaction. The guy I sat next to was chosen to come up on stage near the end and it was just hilarious. His girlfriend laughed a lot while he was on stage and the audience was exceptional for this showing. I would highly recommend seeing this show if you are able to as it is fun and just a really good time!
2	I am a huge Cirque du Soleil fan. I have seen O twice, Ovo, Mystere, Quidam, Zarkana and Dralion. The concept of Zumanity intrigued me because going to Vegas for the first time since turning 21, the idea of "the sensual side to Cirque" was one I thought would encompass the adult theme of Vegas. Don't get me wrong, it did, but with a sacrifice. I did not think the stunts were as difficult as many of the other Cirque shows. Moreover, the dancing and soundtrack did not stand out as well. However, with that being said, if you're there for a fun time, the "clown" hosts of Zumanity will definitely make you laugh, especially with crowd interaction. The Zumanity experience is very different from that of other Cirque shows - it is a lot more intimate. For example, the theater was small and the performers of Cirque greet you when you head into the theater when doors open.Front row seats are going to get you a good amount of interaction so keep that in mind when booking Zumanity!
5	My Zumanity review is loooong overdue, but it still stands in my memory as one of the most entertaining shows I've ever seen.The intimate lobby and theater entrance sets the mood for what's to come. Actors in scandalous costumes greet you kind of like the sirens do in O Brother Where art Thou. Unlike big amphitheaters, you can see everything easily and comfortably from basically anywhere. Our seats were "far" away, but it still felt close.The show feels old timey in that there's a host(ess) who narrates the whole show in a cabaret style. It even feels a bit vaudeville. However, the acts are not old timey at all, and they even have male/male and female/female acts.The waterbowl is gorgeous, and the most cirque-esque. The acrobatics are amazing. The rest of the show is not nearly as crazy as other cirque shows, when it comes to acrobatics. But the music is beautiful. I have bought a couple songs and listen to them all the time. It's sexy and perfectly enhances the show. The audience interaction is surprisingly hilarious. If you're called on stage, be prepared to be embarrassed. Vegas sells sex, or at least, it tries to. But zumanity IS sex. It's not blow-your-mind freaky. But it is very sensual. If you come to this show with your partner, and do not want to get busy right away, your senses are dulled and you might want to try medication. Zumanity sets a frisky, yet sensual mood. It's hot for a straight or gay man, a lesbian or a straight woman....it's hot for all.
5	Fun! Fun Fun! Lots of talented performers. The comedy and side-routines were extremely entertaining. Laughing so hard that you have tears one moment then utterly amazed the next. Awesome show!
4	Definitely a fun show with interesting tricks, and of course, the girls that were completely topless. The only downside was that some of the adult jokes in this show were a little "over the top"...There were also moments when multiple activities can be occurring all at the same time, therefore focus your eyes on something that you like ;)Have fun at the show!
4	A great different spin on Cirque. They interact and make you feel awestruck! Worth the intimate date experience!
5	What a great, erotic show for all! And very funny entertainment before and after the main show.
5	THIS SHOW IS SO CRUDE!But I love it! OhmyGod I can still remember most of the amazing acts. Shoot I can't even remember an act from KA! That's how good Zumanity was!TIPS SO PAY ATTENTION-While I do think some of the audience members they pull up are actors, I don't think all of them are. So if you are seated in the front, make sure to look cute because chances are you might be pulled up onto that stage.-Also we were seated in orchestra but the theater is so intimate that I really think seats farther back or even balcony seats have a good view.-This show can make you a little uncomfortable. I really felt like I had to cross my legs sometimes lol! And I definitely noticed a couple of guys around me shifting themselves around.-This show shuts people up! Not a peep out of the drunk group of guys next to me that were annoying me before the show started.-THE SEATS ARE TINY! If you have a fat ass like I do, your booty will touch the booty next to you. You've been warned.-Please don't go with your parents to this show. It's awkward enough as it is already.Also heyy to the poofy latina twins. Nice to see some thick girls on that stage! Also the hostess Miss. Edee was fabulous and her observations were so funny and on point!I was either laughing or staring in shock. No in betweens and I loved every minute of it! This show is full of surprises and I would definitely watch it again in a heartbeat.
5	SERIOUSLY YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS SHOW! Okay, you don't HAVE to, and you really honestly shouldn't unless you are extremely open-minded and COMFORTABLE with human sexuality! This show is absoluetly hilarious and I was in tears from laughing so hard. I was astonished by the beautiful yet mind-bending difficulty within the circus acts. I won't say TOO much about these acts, because you should really go pay to see it yourself! This show is perfect for couples who like I said earlier, are comfortable with sex and open-minded! Watch out because the first 10 front rows are the prime spots for being pulled on stage and messed with ;)!
3	Actually... mehI've seen other Cirque shows, and this one is more filler less jaw dropping wow. Maybe I'm desensitized....  Maybe the bar has been set too high by the other Cirque experiences.... If you want mediocre humor, mild raunch, and non mind blowing acrobatics this is for you. My lady enjoyed it, so I give it 3 stars. Make this your first Cirque show, and make sure to not pay full price, you will love it much more than I did.
5	This is one of my favorite Cirque shows. Although, I would not recommend going with a family member or someone you may feel uncomfortable with sexual comments/acts. If you are looking for a good family show, try the Beatles Love. They have great Local discounts (2 tickets for $99) and additional discounts for Vets and Students. I would completely see this show again! If you liked this one, try the new show at Ceasers Abstinthe. It has a similar humor and is also a ton of fun!!
4	Cirque's Zumanity is a mix of fantastic feats, sensual suggestions and bawdy humor, with the actors interacting with the audience throughput the performance. A drag queen acts as MC and connects the acts which vary from acrobatic, aerial, dance and vaudeville. Some of the outstanding acts to me were, two lithe and supple young women swimming/dancing in an over-sized martini glass that was just beautifully orchestrated, a bathtub dance between an unbelievably buff couple and the aerial hoola-hoop act, and plenty of just beautiful bodies! The only thing I thought was a little weird was the auto-erotic aerial act, breaking the karma from sensual to slightly lewd.In-between, there is a vaudeville type couple that does very funny skits and pulls up unsuspecting patrons to do hilarious things.  ==SPOILER ALERT== Beware middle-aged ladies-- a roaming gigolo looks for victims for the "orgy" scene and one of them was me! "Antonio" kept coming by me, feeling my knee and putting my hands on his well-beefed abs which I gladly acquiesced. I see it was a rouse to determine how much I could take before he pulled me up on stage and humped me all in good fun. The audience was really supportive as I walked out with my beet red face, telling me the whole thing was hysterical and making me laugh. Great show!
4	Not only would I describe the show as tastefully erotic; it was humorous and interactive.
4	This was my first Cirque experience so I can't compare it to the other shows on the strip, but my significant other mentioned that there is less acrobatics but more entertainment from this show.  We decided to come last minute, and was able to get tickets 20 minutes before the show.  We got the balcony seats, and after watching it I preferred getting the seats where I wouldn't be interacting with the cast.  If you sit in the front, you will most likely be picked on to do various embarrassing acts or get teased.  My favorite acts were the hula hoop aerial dancer and also one with a male and female dancer.  This show is definitely not for children, and I wouldn't want to go with my parents due to its graphic and sexual nature.  The show lasts for a little over 2 hours and was a good experience overall.
1	Reading the reviews, I get the impression this show varies quite a bit in terms of quality and it seems like some of the filler acts get changed in/out. The version we saw was lousy, unfunny and frankly, one section was just grotesque so we got up and left.*There was actually an exposed male in the act we saw, which was funny the first time they pulled the joke, but not the third, fifth or eighth.*There are a lot of strobe/flash lights that go off pretty randomly. For anyone that has triggers based on light flashes, this is not the show for you.*I can see a funnier, better drag queen for two dollars on Tuesday night where I live, and probably see more entertaining dancing the same night. *We did not see the costumes from the posters -- in fact, there are barely any costumes at all during the balletic/acrobatic numbers. This show would have been much more exciting had there been any sort of tease.*In actual burlesque, there are a couple of versions of the act depending on the audience. If the audience isn't going for it, it gets ratcheted down. In this show, they simply play canned laughter and goading to make sure the show carries on. It was clear we didn't want to see the g-string, and it would have been better if they had a 'backup plan' for when the audience wasn't into it.*The good acts -- the fishbowl, a balletic piece and a tango between a ribbon-weilder and a dwarf lasted less than ten minutes of the forty-five minutes we saw.* Finally, this is the reason we got up an left -- there was an act, about halfway  the way through where a woman in nothing but a flesh-colored g-string is doing acrobatic tricks while danging from black ropes to make it appear as though she is fighting with the ropes. The whole time the sound track is her screaming 'no' and yet climaxing. For anyone that has ever been assaulted, or been denied use of their safeword -- that is incredibly unsettling. I don't know who ok'd that act, but it was horrible.
2	I hated it. I get that this particular Cirque de Soleil is for adults but most of the time some of the nudity made no sense to me. It's like boobs were exposed just because that seems like an "adult content" thing to do. It was just very, very odd and I didn't understand it.I will say that the two ladies doing tricks in the huge martini glass was pretty cool. That's about it.
2	Sexy Vegas show - Yes.Cirque quality - No!When I go to a Cirque show, I expect to see a lot of impressive acrobatics.This, in my opinion, was just burlesque with a twist.If you want a sexy show, then go. If you expect to be impressed by the acrobatics, don't bother.
2	I understood that this show was an 'adult' show, however, it was nothing more than unexplainable breasts. I do not consider myself a prude at all, but I found the show off putting. I do not think I knew what I was getting myself into. This show is not the Cirque performance that I was expecting. I really wouldn't recommend this show to anyone.
2	Recently bought discounted tickets for me and my friends from Tix4tonight and we all were extremely excited to see this show. Unfortunately, we all were so disappointed. Our group were pretty diverse with both international friends and Americans, yet the humor of the show was uncanny and dry for all of us. We saw much better show in Bangkok Thailand or Holland. Circle De Soleil definitely need to re-work on this highly wanted show! I rather check out La Reve or K.A if you were looking for a good Circle De Soleil shows for a big group of friends.
5	Entertaining from very beginning to the very end. I didn't want it to end. Lots of interaction with the audience. The closer you are to the stage, the more interactive it is for you.  Get there early for the pre-show.  Very funny and the talent is phenomenal!  This show will take you on an exotic erotic journey with its creative imagination and costumes. Very Cirque! Will recommend to everyone I know that is visiting Vegas.
5	A perfect date night, or for a fun evening with friends. The acts are a good mix of laugh out loud funny and absolutely sensual. It's different from other Cirque performances, but if you're thinking about going, you probably already know that it's going to focus more on sex and less on world class acrobatics. But if you want something sensual, Zumanity definitely cannot be beat. They don't allow anyone under 18, but if you're in Vegas with your parents or relatives, this might be a show you don't want them to come along to. I recommend sitting in the balcony if you're shy--the closer to the stage you are, the more likely it is the performers will interact with you, particularly during the more slapstick routines. The theater is on the small side, so you'll still have a great view.
1	Bad, bad, so disappointed with Zumanity show, poor, when you mention Cirque du Soleil you expect a lot! This s not my first time in this Cirques, but this one was the worst, I'm from LA and  I had guests from Va. That weekend and I offer to  take  them to see this show!!  I wanted they see how beautiful is Cirque du   Soleil, wrong decision. I wish I have my money back, I spend on 6 tickets.
1	Saw Zumanity last week. Was underwhelmed as my expectation bar of a Cirque de Solei-branded show was set pretty high. As one of the other commenter's said, this was more of a cheesey burlesque revue than an dazzling acrobatic performance. When we bought our tickets (from Ticketmaster), I was only given seats on the side of the stage that were "best available" and cost the same as the seats n the front. TIP: DONT BUY SEATS ON THE SIDE - THE SET IS STAGED FOR FRONT VIEWING ONLY.
5	This show had me laughing the entire time. I came here on my Anniversary and I thought the show hit all the right points. They really interact with the audience and that's the best part. I agree with some others about the aerial stunts and things like that do kind of lack, but I think that's the sacrifice they make to bring the audience into the show. I went with an open mind and had a blast. If you are a conservative person then this show will probably test your comfort zone, but in all reality just go and have an open mind and be willing to experience all that is Zumanity. You wont regret it.
1	Zumanity was disappointing and is so not worth your money! Having seen Ka, which is epic, inspiring, and amazing, I had really high expectations for another Cirque de Soleil show. However, Zumanity is all filler, no thriller. I don't understand why this show has such high reviews. Those people must never have seen any other Cirque shows to compare to this. The acrobats, while very talented, are not even in the same league as the incredible performers in Ka. They are like the sad understudies that end up performing in a local circus for kids' birthday parties. There were no moments that took my breath away and I didn't see anything that I hadn't already seen before, and more importantly, seen performed better. Zumanity is comprised of a bunch of random acts that are just thrown together with no story line. The only common thread that ties everything together are the gratuitous boobs and ass. The sketches between the performances reminded me of bad SNL skits. I think they are just relying on the shock factor of the sheer amount of nudity present in the show. The actors do things to embarrass audience members like wave a fake penis in their face and other crude things to get a laugh from the crowd at the expense of whoever is sitting near the front. Nudity does not offend me, but when it doesn't serve a purpose it just makes the entire performance seem crass. The humor was very juvenile and I felt like I was watching a bizarre community college production at a strip club. I was pissed I paid so much for a ticket to see a bunch of sad adults run around a stage waving dildos and bananas and humping old ladies. Also, if you end up sitting next to a stranger and they get really aroused, it gets SUPER. AWKWARD. Sigh...One of the acts was a guy breakdancing. Seriously??? My husband can do the same moves and I can see that for free!Cirque de Soleil should really reconsider attaching their name to a show of this poor caliber. The theater is very small and uninspired. Lots of empty seats and we didn't have to wait in a long line to get in, which is probably an indication that it's the least popular of the Cirque shows. The lack of a crowd outside should have been my first big hint that it was going to be a total bust. Zumanity just doesn't live up to the Cirque de Soleil reputation. Don't waste your time or money seeing this show.
5	This show is so much fun; the perfect combination of sex and stunts. People who complain about there not being enough big stunts can go to Ka- this show isn't about stunts and ooohs and awwws. It's about making people laugh at adult themes while listening to a live band and seeing a few cool performances. If you don't like this show, you won't like Micheal Jackson either.I loved this show and the tasteful way they make you look at the human body and what it can do. It's amazing to see, and the performers actually bring people on stage in a giant bed! My friend's girlfriend was picked to go up, and I nearly peed my pants laughing. This isn't a show for people who can't handle looking at a semi nude human, nor for those who had ADD and get bored if fire isn't going off somewhere. This is more for people who appreciate art and a good laugh.
4	Raunchy, entertaining and amazing...  Not for the faint of heart or sexually shy.  From start to finish it was an all you can eat buffet of beautiful, scantily clad half naked women who had an amazing talent for making dance and acrobatics pure art.  I have had the pleasure of seeing most of the Cirque shows over the years and they have NEVER disappointed.  This was no different.  I would however caution bringing youth or children to this venue.  Unless you are a very unorthodox family it's simply not a family venue.  With that said, it is definitely a great opportunity for you and that special someone to have a naughty night out on the town to fuel the fire for an evening to follow.I know some are disappointed with the show when compared to other Cirque venues but I believe they simply miss the point.  It's not supposed to be like the others.  It's a different flavor to appeal to a different audience.  The witty banter, sexual innuendos and comical repartee made the experience a pure joy.
1	I'll have to compare the hour and a half show to getting a root canal at the dentist. Actually, I would prefer the root canal and then getting kicked in the face with a golf shoe than seeing this show again. Nothing more to say than what others already have. Read some of the poor reviews from other yelpers, they're pretty spot on. Save your money and time. I still have nightmares of the visuals I took in that night.
5	Zumanity was soooo much fun!   Great acts and great humor!   The caste had me laughing the entire time!  This is not your typical cirque show but a must see for cirque fans!!!
5	Me and my bf LOVED Zumanity.  We actually liked it more than O.   We wanted to do things other than gamble in Vegas, so we decided to watch another show.  We used a 2 for $99 deal which came up to appoximately $130 for 2 tickets (taxes and service fees) for center balcony seats.  The venue is really small and intimate so any seat in the house is pretty good.  Of course, I'd recommend anything in the middle if you're going to sit in the balcony but any of the floor seats would be great as well.  The show is really engaging, its funny, sexy, and very entertaining!  I really enjoyed the show but I think my bf loved it more than me!  But of course he would, topless showgirls doing acrobatics. There were also little acts for the ladies, Ooh-la-la. I think I really liked the show because of the interaction and funny jokes.  It really was a playful show.  I wouldn't really recommend watching this with your family but it is a good show to watch with friends or your significant other.  I really give them props on a well put together show.
1	We had heard from a lot of folks that had seen the show that it has changed over the years.  I definitely wasn't expecting the caliber of O but definitely wasn't expecting a sketch about how to make fake boobs out of plastic bags  filled with alcohol.  Having seen a few Cirque shows we were thinking that it would be more sensual and sexy.  Zumanity was raunchy and immature which invited the like from the audience. Everyone seated around us were like 5 years old screaming "oh my God" when two men kissed.  Seriously?  Awful experience.
1	show:*way too much nudity! i didn't feel like it was fair that the females were topless. we don't walk around topless normally. yet the guys get to wear a gstring. seeing guys topless is normal already. they should be be wearing a top and be bottomless. that sounds fair! *of course there were a few funny hahaha moments but nothing that made our jaw drop and go wow. there were some acrobatic stuff but not as great as the other cirque shows that i've seen in the past.*at one point, a girl was performing her version of an orgasm on stage on ropes in mid air. overall:*balcony area has its own bar and restroom. front viewing is the best view. not that great from the balcony. there were parts that we missed because we sat at the balcony area. staff engaged more with the audience who had floor seating.*my boyfriend and i were super bored. we've seen many many many cirque du soleil shows before and this is by far the worst. *made me feel super uncomfortable seeing so many people naked. tips:*located in new york new york.*cash & credit card accepted.*there's a gift shop.*just like the fair or theme parks you have that option to take pictures at the beginning of the show and you can purchase it for keepsake afterwards. *no intermissions.*2 bar areas.this show is a love or hate type of show for many people. i would only recommend this show so you'll be able to differentiate between what you like and dislike along with if you'll seen all of the other shows then go. other than that i would totally skip!
3	Zumanity, how do I even start?First off, it isn't a show for everyone.  I don't think I would want to see this show with my mom. The orgy scene might give her a heart attack.  The show is very sexually explicit with a lot of crude humor.  If you are into that, you will love the show.  Just be warned. With that out of the way, I think this is a great show.  It is a Cirque du Soleil show, so you know the production value is sky high. The sets are inviting and intriguing.  The theater is intimate and cozy.  The performers are at the top of their game.  The show is just really fun! With a drag queen as the hostess, you know you are going to have fun.Make sure you get there early because many entertainers are out interacting with the audience.  There is a peep show you can peep into on your way to the theater.  So naughty, but fun too! You don't want to miss a minute of the experience!The one section that I think is a little weak are the comedy sketches with the married couple.  All of the jokes seem to go too long and stop being funny.  They seem to drag a bit in my opinion.  The one scene that seems wayyyyyyy is the Scotch Baggies.  It is funny for the first minute or 2 but it just keeps going for about 10 minutes.  Editing is a powerful thing when it comes to comedy!One thing worth mentioning is the seating options.  The cheapest seats (barstools) are not comfortable and in the balcony.  If you can afford it, go for orchestra seating because you butt and back will thank you at the end of the show.
4	The only other Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen is O and I saw that when I was in my early teens.  I remember being blown away by the production value and stunning acrobatics. It was one of the most memorable impressions that a show has ever made on me. Then again I was a lot younger and easier to impress.Flash forward nearly a decade and I'm in Vegas with my bf who's never seen a Cirque du Soleil show and decides that we're going to go to one on a whim. He asked the concierge at the lobby if there were any tickets available. The only ones left were for Zumanity. We were warned about the "risque" nature of the show and yada yada. I was just excited to see Cirque again.There is a little less production value in Zumanity compared to O but I was still highly engaged for most of the show. The theater was very small which I loved. The show pulls quite a bit from audience participation and so being in a smaller, more intimate theater makes you really feel like you are part of the show even if you're not being pulled up on stage.The host of the show was fabulous and some of the acrobatics left just as much a memorable impression on 22-year old me as O did on 13-year old me. Without giving it all away the act with the hoola hoops,  the girl suspended in air working the straps to erotic noises as she (brace yourself for my upcoming pun here) O's, and one of the last scenes with the bath tub really hit the mark for me especially in celebrating the sensual and sexual themes that Zumanity tries to embrace.The only parts I didn't enjoy and think the show could use more work on is the "comic relief" bits that serve as the transitions between the acts. Like there's one scene where the woman is showing you how to make fake breasts out of scotch and zip lock baggies that I just did not care for. It's not going to be much fun if you're going into with a super uptight manner and attitude . Let loose and go with it. Let Zumanity take you into their strange world. I think the show is much more enjoyable that way. Not going to lie, I expected a little more than what I got, but I am still a fan nonetheless.
5	Tits
3	Maybe if I hadn't seen Absinthe the night before it might have been better. I had high hopes for this show based on the reviews. I was disappointed in the amount of acrobatics it lacked. The preshow was hilarious though! The show was slow and had me looking at the time if it was over yet. Would not recommend with plenty of other show options available in Vegas.
5	BEST Vegas show I've seen so far!!! I LOVED this show!  Funny, sexy, entertaining, amazing acrobatics. What I like about this show is that they talk and interact with the audience, which is very different from all the other cirque du soleil. I've seen Le Reve (4/5) and KA (3/5), and I enjoyed this show the best because it was so dynamic. Le Reve was beautiful, KA had a good story, Zumanity was just so funny, a lot of fun, PLUS had amazing acrobatics! Cheaper than the other ones too! My ticket was originally 90 something, paid $82 with tax and fees included through the tix4tonight booth. But this show is all sex, and you see lots of boobies and maybe even penis', so leave your kids at home!! And enjoy the show ;)
5	I loved it! The performers were all so great, especially the host!  So much fun!  Very comical, done with class. Really enjoyable!  The singers voices are amazing! This is a must see!
4	A load of fun.The Marquis de Sade would nod in approval!Fave part of all:2 Chinese petites (or was it 3?) in the big fish bowl.Never gets ridiculously raunchy, which I appreciated. Nabbed 2nd row seats. And YEESS, that darned spotlight did pan over us. Thank goodness didnt get picked on. Would have curled up and died.So entertaining. Thumbs up!
4	What a great way for my bride and I (of 21 years) to affirm our lust for each other. From the moment we arrived we were treated with the highest level of hospitality, yet we were also scared out of our wits at thought of being called upon to "participate" in the show - which became a fact at the end of the performance.Expensive? Yes. But we had a superlative experience caused by a very accommodating staff, erotic performance and engaging performers.
5	I absolutely love this show, it's my favorite of the Circ show.  Got the tickets for cheep and didn't expect to really like it since an "adult show" isn't really our thing but it's actually really good.  More sensual then sexual though there is nudity.  This show is a combination of hardcore acrobatics, interesting routines and humor.  The drag queen who MC's the event is actually the best part.  The clowns are hilarious and the costumes are amazing.  Ladies, don't be afraid to go to this show, you won't be uncomfortable.  Men if you are just looking for hardcore sex and T&A this might not be your show but if you are looking for an "adult show" that you can both enjoy I would totally recommend this one.
1	This was definitely not what I expected. I've seen many Cirque shows and have loved them all. They are always very entertaining, beautiful, innovative, and classy. This one on the other hand had many extremely sexually explicit scenes, which could have been much more tasteful. Instead of being sexy and sensual, most of the show was just sex-based. A lot of people loved the show, but not my taste. If you are not interested in extensive nudity and over the top sex-like scenes I do not recommend seeing this show. I saw this show with my boyfriend and was hoping to leave feeling sexy, but I left the show with mixed feelings of respect for the performers' talent and disgust at a few of the performances. Definitely not a show for everyone.
3	The Zumanity! The Zumanity! This is an adult show of farcical sex, some natural goading, but not thoroughly erotic. The stunts come early: Girls diving into a pool, the duo tableuxing underwater. Girl in school outfit hula hooping in midair. These were the amazing parts, to me. It cools down into a vaudeville act, and there's some hysterical audience participation (one woman from Kansas was agreeably "horny"). "Zumanity" was a worthy night out, with some set pieces that tickled my fancy. It just didn't quite get my rocks off. 3.5 stars. #smartass
4	This show was even better than we expected. The theater is small enough to be intimate and hardly a bad seat. The comedy between the acrobats was a nice touch to appeal to most audiences.The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars was the comfort of the seats. They were smaller than most so you felt crowded
5	Second time seeing this show. This time, we were seated center, third row. These seats were completely worth the extra price. Had a great time, the show was excellent.
4	I was a little weary when my wife told me we were going to Zumanity. She scored us amazing seats in the front row and we became part of the show which was exciting. The concept of the show is amazing and sensual and We thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment. We look forward to seeing another CDS show next time we are in town!
5	Awesome seats!Mood lighting!Laughs!Sex!Nakedness!Penises!Boobs!Guy on girl!Girl on guy!Girl on girl!Guy on guy!(Hey it's ALL love)Pole tricks!Zumanity is NOT for the prudes, the homophobs, the small minded, and whoever else that just cant have fun!  I'm so glad Zumanity is what kicked off my Cirque Du Soleil experience!***I would like to say Rest in Peace to Sarah Guillot-Guayrd who was a performer in the KA version of Cirque Du Soleil.  She actually fell to her death while performing during the same time I was at Zumanity.  Just so sad and tragic....***
5	As other reviewers have noted, if you are easily offended, then Zumanity is not the show for you.  However, if you want to revel in the lavish and naughty dream world that is Las Vegas, you will love it.  Although it is a Cirque du Soleil show, it does not include jaw dropping stunts like O or Ka.   It does feature some of the best dancing I have ever seen.  Also, there are no creepy Cirque clowns. Instead, the two comedians/dancers that appear on stage in between acts kept the audience laughing with some very raunchy material.  Best of all, there are lots of great deals on ticket prices(2 for $99 for balcony seats at with seats on the couches topping out at around $150.)  Bold souls who dare to sit in the sofa seats have a good chance at becoming part of the show.
5	I attended thus show with my husband who was in Las Vegas on business. The show was AWESOME!!! We both loved it! It was erotic and entertaining; some parts were comedic. I would see it again. The nudity didn't bother us at all. It was very sensual and seductive. Don't go if you are uncomfortable with this type of stuff.
4	I honestly don't like Cirque shows. I think they have a ton of the same acts. But this show actually impressed me. I've heard many people say how this show is more adult with nudity, crude humor, and sex but I thought the dancers did it very tastefully and it wasn't too much. I sat on the balcony because I got the free tickets for booking a two night stay with mgm but I think the stage is setup that some of the stuff done in the front of the stage is hard to see. Just keep that in mind if you're going to sit on the balcony.I really like the humor that they put into this. It made the in-between acts so much more entertaining than some of the other Cirque's shows with the clowns.
5	As long as you aren't some easily offended, stuck-up, judgmental person there is absolutely no reason you should not be going to see this show.  It's a great performance not only for the acrobatics, but for the comedy, singing and audience interaction.  They are intentionally trying to get you to the edge of uncomfortable and to me, that was the point.  GREAT show!
4	Very sensual
4	Very different from the other Cirque du Soleil performances in vegas, if you present your Mlife card you can get a good discount on your tickets. We managed to score some really good balcony seats and the view from our seats was fantastic. This show is in a theater and not a large auditorium like the O or mystere, so seats are limited. There no real WOW factor about this show, maybe because the acrobatics is not as grandiose as the O or mystere, but it more than makes up for it in comedy and other R rated acts. I really enjoyed the music and the show, and left with a really warm feeling. The show does make you feel good :) and perfect to watch before a romantic dinner.
4	It wasn't originally part of the week's plan to go see a show, but Carol W and I decided to check out Zumanity since we'd both hadn't seen it and we'd gotten a pair of "free" tickets via the myVegas game on Facebook.  Anytime I can see a Vegas show, especially a Cirque show, without paying a couple of Benjamins on a pair of tickets for good seats, I count that as a no-brainer.  Of note, there we're several deals going on offering deeply discounted seats for this show and there were plenty of good seats seemingly available during the week on the day of show.  Of course, based on the layout of the Zumanity Theater, there didn't seem to be a truly bad seat in the house. Zumanity touts itself as the "sensual side of Cirque de Soleil".  It's definitely not like any of the other Cirque offerings in Vegas.  It's also definitely not family friendly.  However, it's highly likely that it'll offend religious conservative adults of most faiths, which should make finding tickets that much easier for those not so easily offended by dirty jokes and nudity.  Obviously, we had no problems with adult humor and partially clad men and women walking, writhing, jumping, swimming and flying up on/above/around the stage.  The show was fun, funny, interactive, and frequently jaw dropping with some of its amazing stunts.  The silk aerialists were my personal favorites.  Most importantly, it was entertaining and would've been worth it if we had to pay full price. My thought as I was walking out of the theater was that Absinthe at Caesars owes a lot to Zumanity with its raunchy adult humor and amazing feats.  That said, Absinthe has improved on the Zumanity formula and, in my opinion, is the more entertaining and enjoyable show largely due to the more intimate venue, more memorable characters, and greater audience participation which made it feel much more spontaneous and much less scripted than Zumanity.  That all said, Zumanity possesses the Cirque magic and charm and is definitely worth your time and dime.
5	I have seen just about all of the Cirq shows, and I really think this is my favorite, even tops "O" in my books.  It is just so much fun and entertaining... the kind of fun you WANT to have in Vegas... no dark story line, no drama... just some nice, classy, but at the same time raunchy humor.  This was our second time seeing the show, sitting in different seats, and I dont know how, but my husband was picked to be the meat of the Twin Sandwich both times!  After you see this show,  you will understand what this means!  If you are a prude, dont bother going... go be boring at KA!
4	Hahahahahahahahaha. Looking for a good time? Finding yourself in New York, New York? Spend the money. Bring your honey. You might find yourselves on stage. And, if you don't, you get to watch someone else's awkwardness on stage. It's a good time.
1	I didnt like this show at all.  My husband wasnt a fan either.  In fact there were a couple of times I considered leaving but I stayed hoping for more, plus we paid a lot to be there!  I wasnt sure what the show was trying to accomplish.  It wasnt sensual, it wasnt sexy and it wasnt hot.  I truly didnt even see it as artistic.  It was naked - thats about it - so if thats your only requirement, then youre in!   They covered  2 dudes kissing, 2 girls swimming in a bowl topless, some girl making moaning noises on a rope (yeah - weird!), a girl trying to seduce some guys more interested in a sports game and a couple flirting.  Then in the end they had the same people on stage at the same time.  They had a drag bring in some of the audience for participation and that was a big potion of the show.  The end!There were about 2 spots in the performance where people actually had acrobatic talent and the rest just seemed like naked time filling.  One guy with a mohawk cut was amazing and that part of the show was great.  He had amazing strength and literally looked like he was floating in mid air, he was so graceful.  On the flip side, I think they had one girl whose only job was to stand there and make cracking noises w/ a whip and a long haired dude who I think his role was to look like Fabio in jean shorts?  This review makes the show sound a lot more exciting then it is...it really isnt something I would recommend.  Spend your money on something unique - its Vegas so you can see topless anywhere.
4	Me and my girl friend watched the show on July 14 and it indeed meets our expectation. She was bugging me to take her to see a stripe show, so, we decided on Zumanity.  It was pretty entertain which included adult jokes (keke), acrobatics (so are all other Cirque shows) and alot of topless scenes  (thats it? :( .   The audience involvement was hilarious and sexy.  You can see the random selected audiences were not paid to be a part of the stage which there are alot of shows does.  Too bad I wasn't picked.. LOL.. Its not cheap, (so are all other popular Vegas shows)  but it does worth the money if you watch it one time.
5	Cirque du soleil is an amazing event anywhere and thisOne is another one with full sexuality and nuditymessage . Is it worth of going to Vegas and notgoing to shows!
5	Upgraded to second row. Best show I've ever seen. Very tastefully done. Highly entertaining. I can't imagine how anyone would be offended by any of this knowing it was a burlesque show?! One tip- If you are going to see absinthe I would recommend seeing it first and then seeing zumanity bc it was quite boring (absinthe) in comparison. Zumanity is just in a class of it's own. Get there early, buy the big drinks, and then be in your seat by 7:15!!!! That's when the show REALLy starts IMO. Sit as close as possible or dont be shy to ask the ushers if you can move up to any unpurchased tickets. The show is JUST PHENOMENAL upclose.
5	Amazing show! We  were in the fourth row from the front and the interaction was high. Before they chatted with everyone and during kept bringing up audience members.  The show itself was very stunning and kept your attention the whole time. Plus lots of boobs!! If you are in the area see this show!
2	I am not a prude person, I am actually very open minded to all sexualities and activities. To my own surprise, I left this show without feeling sexy, but rather uncomfortable and annoyed. Hubby picked this adult show, paid $200 ish for orchestra seats close to the stage. We assumed this was like The Peep show in Cirque du Soleil style. Supposed to be sexy and sensual with all the amazing aerobics, but it was not! It was nothing sexy but annoying interacts with audience throughout the entire show. I was very relieved that hubby didn't get the love seats in the front rows, we were very close to the stage still. I felt bad for the people who had to go along with the embarrassing " supposed to be sexy " questions & activities on the stage.... It was horrific!  Not to mention two men hosts kept doing strange naughty things to men and women... And the adult toys and men costumes were nothing sexy but very disturbing. The young girls performers were very beautiful with nice body, amazing costumes too.  Most of the performance was not impressive. I only enjoyed the two girls amazing aerobic act in a huge glass cup, it was sensual, beautiful and sexy in a classy way! To my horror, there were just too many nearly naked guys on the stage... Yuk! I had to cover my eyes with napkins all the time when guys were performing, and the solo girl aerobic act on the ropes made me so uncomfortable, I have no intention to watch and listen imaginary sex scene with strangers sitting all around me.... The gay kissing was just too much... The final imaginary orgy performance with a man and a woman from audience was so bad, please... I only wanted to see sexy girls perform on the stage, NO naked guys, naked old women, men and fat women! I had to get up and took a break, one of the staffs asked if I was OK, I politely replied that I had to make a phone call, and went to the lounge in the front to sit for a while, I needed some time out seriously! One more look at some naked men, I would literally throw up in my beverage cup! Sorry I meant no disrespect for the hard working performers, I am just not that into men's bodies. Well....I started to drink so fast from my big alcohol beverage cup when I got back, too bad it didn't make me feel any better.. Guess this show was just not my type of show! I guess it is supposed to be interesting and exciting for a lot of people, but for me, it was too blunt, they should've made the seats less crowded... So I could at least not to be so close to the strangers around me... I am open to sexy and naughty bedroom times with my husband only.... I definitely don't like to watch a show about it in a theatre full of people.... They only sell drinks and snacks at concession stand outside the theatre, the frozen drink was too sweet and weak, the margarita on rock was strong though. Two big drinks and two jelly shots cost $54. If you want to see a show to give you ideas about  different sexualities and activities, or into buff muscular naked guys, you will love this show, otherwise, Stay away!!!
5	When I booked our room at Mandalay Bay, it came with a deal for two complimentary tickets to a list of shows. We decided to see Zumanity since neither my cousin or I had seen a Cirque du Soleil show and we were so so so excited!Zumanity is located inside New York New York towards the back of the casino. The theater itself was comfortable, intimate, and all the plush, red colors gave off a very sexy vibe. We sat in the balcony (row EE) and we could see everything! Pretty good for free tickets ;)The show itself is more on the burlesque side and not only features acrobats and dancers, but also some fun crude humor. The show is very sensual, sexy, and fun. The live band was awesome! It's definitely not for anyone who is prude or easily offended and not appropriate for kids. In fact, they advertise their show as 21+. Some of my favorite acts were the acrobats and tissue dancers! So beautiful! However, the highlight of the show was the middle-aged lady who pretty much mounted one of the dancers and made out with his body...hilarious! I honestly wasn't sure what to expect out of Zumanity but I must say I was pleasantly surprised! It was so much fun and definitely a highlight of our Vegas trip. Keep an open mind and don't hesitate to see this show ;)
5	Zumanity (New York, New York)Las Vegas Strip, NV7:30p Tuesday 6th August 2013Five StarsI have been to at least 10 Cirque Shows and this was one was by far the best.  First of all, it is for adult only meaning no screaming kids and no G-Rating.  You should "come" a little early because the Pre-show is great.  The comedic pair of Izzy and Dick was an absolute laugh riot.  First, they gave out drinks to the VIP Couch Seats.  The crowd interaction was great because it created an environment of harmless sexual fun.  There was a fight with adult toys, fruit eating, and other hijinks.   There is Exposed T&A for both genders.  The Lovely Host Edie made everyone feel loved and accepted.  There is less acrobatics but there are still plenty of things to ooh and aah over.   It is just FUN and NONSENSE at this Human Zoo.
4	how can you not love this show if your in Vegas and an open mind this show will not disapoint and you might get lucky with your date afterward
5	Get redemption from your players card for discounts!!Prior to seeing the "Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil," so they define it, I heard plenty of complaints that this show was too raunchy,  and displayed only homosexual lovers and strange fetishes, but our experience was entirely different.  I heard through the grapevine the show was changed; however, It's still a sensual show that might offend someone who is conservative and private.  I am a flaming Christian who isn't afraid of her sensual side or flaming homosexual innuendoes.  I thought the show was fantastic filled with arousing art and human body muscular discipline.  Many people have many different personalities; therefore, if you are somewhat sensitive to see the Freudian sensual side of a Cirque Du Sole show... Than this won't be the show for you. Everyone in the middle or on the other side of the spectrum; you're gonna love this show and you, and your spouse, will enjoy the "after party."
4	Fun, sexy, and acrobatic.  This best describes Zumanity, the sensual and sexual side of Cirque Du Soleil.  I never want to give away what the show entails, so if you are looking for that, you might want to read on.  However, I will advise to come here with your significant other.  Zumanity celebrates different types of relationships and sensuality.  Audience participation is not required but they will encourage you to participate if you are selected.  Even the people in the very back weren't safe from being asked to participate during our show.  Overall:  If you are sensitive to anything sexual, sexual jokes, play, comments or crude jokes in general I will let you know now this show is not for you.  But if you are open minded and don't mind such humor, then you will enjoy this show.
4	While this isn't my favorite Cirque show, it is still absolutely amazing! A group of my friends and I went to this show last time we were in Vegas. It is full of stunning acrobatic tricks and other staple circus spectacles.  It has a much more romantic setting than some of the other shows in Vegas. There were definitely more boobs and sexual scenes than I expected to see. It didn't bother me a bit, but a couple of the friends we had with us found it a bit too much. I know you are probably thinking "what did you expect", which I totally agree now. But at the time, we had asked the ticket sales person if it was explicit and he acted like it was totally clean without any nudity. Prudeness aside, it was a great show and I definitely recommend it for the open minded people out there. If you get annoyed with nudity.....don't go to this show.
4	Zumaity is located inside New York! New York! in its own auditorium done up all velvety to look like an old burlesque. This was my third Cirque Du Soleil show, and I went into it not really knowing what to expect, and from the time you walk into the auditorium, still had no clue what I was in for. The acrobatics where nice, sure they where not as stunning as some of the other Cirque shows, but that was made up just in the sheer enjoyability of the show. What Zumanity lacks in technicality, and don't let the term 'lack' dissuade you as it is still spectacular, it makes up in intimacy and entertainment. From the moment you walk in they have entertainers talking to the audience. I didnt go into Zumanity thinking id be giving a full figured buxom woman a massage as she fed me a strawberry, but hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...unless you decide to put it on yelp.When the acrobats are not performing, the show revolves around audience interaction. If you do not want to be interacted with, DO NOT SIT IN THE FRONT ROW!  You may want to avoid the aisles as well. The music is all written for the show and performed live, and I enjoyed it as well.Zumanity does have adult themes, but this is Las Vegas. In my opinion it has all been tasteful executed and it is a great show. I would recommend it to couples. The only catch being you have to go into it with an open mind!
5	Bought the tickets on the fly based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed!!! Was such a funny, sexy show... Worth the money and time without a doubt!!! Would recommend to any adult couple or group.
5	if you don't want to be picked on, don't get the rockstar love seats near the front!  but it was so much fun!  our group of gals wanted to check out a cheeky show and picked zumanity.  i thought it would be ka or o like but no...it was very interactive, playful, and humorous.there was only one scene where the male performers seemed checked out but otherwise, there were some incredibly sexy and sensual scenes.  awesome = we also had a great crowd that brought in lots of laughs.they have piccies they take pre-show that you can buy for yourself at $44 for one or $40 for 2 or more in a zumanity frame.  we loved ours with the feathered boas so we had to spurge.  it's vegas after all.tip: on a budget? do the free photo booth near will call and get it emailed to yourself.  it's on a timer so you can step back and strike a pose.
3	Was this show entertaining? Yes  Is this show worth the normal ticket price that ranges from $75-100+? NoLuckily I went to the dress rehearsal so I only had to pay $35 for my ticket, so for that price the show was worth it. Otherwise I wouldn't recommend paying full price to see this. In my opinion this was more of a glorified strip show. Yes there were some pretty cool acrobatics and feats of strength, but then there were also parts where I felt like I was at a Chippendales show. If you're looking for a cirque show full of stunts and acrobatics, this is not the show for you. If you're looking for a strip show with lots of boobs and men in glittery g-strings with the occasional stunt, then check it out.
5	The sexy side of Cirque!!  This show is great!  Much more intimate the your typical Cirque show.  Lots of audience interaction and humor to go along with the action.   The theater is small so you feel like you are really part of the show.No need to at full price...You can pretty much find discounts for the and the other Cirque shows in Vegas.This show is for. adults only!!
2	My wife and I went to the show excited!  We left the show disappointed.We were excited because we have always enjoyed the all the Cirque du Soleil shows we have watched in the past.  We were disappointed because it was nothing like the other Cirque du Soleil shows we've seen in the past.Way too sexy and weird for our tastes.You should decide for yourself, though.  From watching people as they exited the show, it seemed like the majority really enjoyed Zumanity.  There were many happy people that evening.Just glad that we did not pay for the tickets.  Would have felt completely ripped off otherwise.
4	Lots of fun, sexy and daring. Lots of audience interaction if you sit in the first few rows. Don't be shy, just relax and enjoy! We came on an off night and they moved us to the front row!
5	Sexy fun and little raunchy but we were very entertained and it was a very memorable show, we have seen many of the Cirque shows and this was a sexy surprise for sure!Get there a little early and enjoy the warm up act... well worth the time and money IMO!
5	This show was so entertaining! Not recommended for younger than 18. Definitely not PG-13!
3	This show was A-OK but a huge step below the other shows we have seen like Ka and O.  The theater is gorgeous and the music was wonderful but the acts were just a step behind their other other shows.  We enjoyed seeing lots of boobs g-strings but it was pretty tame stuff.  I'm sure the conservative mid-westerners were blushing but I was looking for a hotter show based on the reviews.
4	Really impressed with the show. We sat in section 104 & the seats were really great. We were able to see the entire show up close. The sensuality & comedy mix is perfect. Don't sit in the front if you're a shy person. You may get picked on my the cast. I would recommend this show for any open minded couple. Date night approved!
5	Too fun!! Hope to be picked!!! The mix between performing arts and sensuality is perfect! Before I knew it, the 90 minutes had passed. I recommend going a bit earlier to really enjoy the full show. Some of the cast is out and about. Perfect for all sexes and orientations!
4	awesome show!
5	Absolutely incredible! All the seats are very intimate, glad I didn't sit on the front row to be picked on though! Very sexy and mesmerising. Wish I had been with my boyfriend and not my female friend to watch it! Highly recommend.
3	After an unforgettable Cirque show I saw 6 years ago in L.A. called Corteo, I was left a little unimpressed with Zumanity. There simply was not enough acrobatics for me to have enjoyed it as much as I thought I would. It feels like most shows in Vegas, as opposed to elsewhere, just don't need to try so hard and that's how I felt here. The acting and theatrics were great but the "sexiness" of this show was awkward and not because of the taboo of sex, but because most of the cast that were naked just weren't very appealing in the nude.
4	Not only was this a great impulse buy, but I was pretty astonished leaving the theater after the show. My friends and I at the last minute decided to see Zumanity, and were very pleased throughout the show. There were some great acrobatics, very funny, and sexy. We had some great seats and the show lasted a perfect amount of time so definitely worth the money!If you have yet to see this show I highly recommend it!
3	Loved the show! it was fun and playful. Very adult lol which is nice! the attendants before the show were rude, i guess packaged leftovers are strictly prohibited we asked to store them with a cashier and was told we had to run up stairs t lockers to store the food. People were bringing in outside drinks and popcorn was served but our leftovers were a big problem. I also noticed they didn't asked everyone carrying a bag what was in it. So beware.  Diante  (sp) was the man we spoke to and we had only minutes till the show started. we rushed there and back out of breath and missing part of the pre-show antics. to add insult to injury Diante saw us and said, " See you made it in time." Uh no we didn't!!!
4	Zumanity is a cabaret show by Cirque du soleil , the acrobatics were good, there is not a real storyline , this is not KA, this is not the best cirque du soleil show . If your intention is see a sexy , gross cabaret show all in one you should book your ticket for Zumanity. I went with a friend to see it , keep on mind there is nudity , my friend got sick when he saw a naked actor playing with his cock on the viewer's mouth. The show is different than a typical cabaret show , the good thing is the stage was very small, whatever you book your ticket you will be very close to the stage. See Zumanity , only if you are open to see nudity and you are a real adult.
5	.What a wonderful show. IF you are not opened minded I would not recommend this show. There is Nudity there is Gay activity and there is Toy activity and audience participation. You have to be willing to laugh and open your mind for this show. The cast is simply amazing. The dancing the preshow right down to the curtain call so worth the money. I cant say enough about this one. I would love to see it again. Also the red plush wall when you are walking into the theater there are little button holes that you can look into and see a peep show. Vintage porn of sorts
5	Great performance! One of a kind show! It was a bit pricey but it was worth it! (3/6/12)
4	This was a fun show to go see. If your a prude or a homophobe this show isn't for you. It was a blast coming to this show. The comedy and the acrobatics were impressive. I only wish the show lasted longer.
5	Favorite Cirque of all 7. And it's the cheapest one. Amazing cast who performs every time. The host character is the best lol.
4	Erotic, sensual and comedic!  We have slowly tried to see the various Cirque shows Vegas has to offer.  Zumanity was one more to cross off the list!   This is definitely an adult only show. **DO NOT BRING YOUR PARENTS OR GRANDPARENTS**  That would be really uncomfortable for most of us.  It's perfect for a date night!Anyway, most of the show the performers are half naked.  Honestly after a while it doesn't even phase me.  There is alot of audience interaction and it made the show so hilarious!  But compared to the other Cirque shows, there isn't too much of the acrobatic and aerial stunts.  I guess I would just prefer more of this.   Don't get me wrong, we had an awesome time.   I completely understand that all of the shows are different and unique in their own sense.  The performers were fantastic.  They are so talented in so many ways.  I can see why this show has stuck around for 10 years now.  Overall it was a great show and I'm glad we saw it.
5	Very amazing show! They make you look at sex in funny and artistic views. It was so much fun! Something couples can enjoy :)
5	Zumanity is by far the best Cirque de Soleil show I have seen. My girl friend and I went to the 10 PM show on 10-8-13.  Once we got inside the lobby we picked up a drink at the bar called "The BIG Jimmy" and for 24 bucks this drink lasted the whole show.Zumanity was packed with SeXy people (guys and girls), AwEsOmE stunts, and plenty of crowd interaction.We went in with a open mind and has a blast!  But, If you get offended easily... this show is NOT FOR YOU.  NOTE: Get in early for the pre-show.  Doors open half an hour before the actual show starts.
4	Exceeded my expectations! Amazing acrobats! So funny my cheeks hurt! Not too risky!
3	This is my fifth cirque de soleil and I left unimpressed. It was entertaining and had lots of interaction with the crowd. The place isn't that large so there probably isn't a bad seat in the place, don't waste the extra money to sit up close unless you want to interact with the performers. The show was rather short compared to all the others I have seen.  The part that disappointed me was the lack of acrobatics. Other than the girls swimming in the bowl all the other performance seemed played out, I felt I have seem them over and over in all the other show. Entertaining but not great acrobats.
4	Great show and talented beautiful cast!  First class, sexy, funny, daring and original. I would definitely recommend seeing this show in such an intimate theater!
3	Would be a higher rating had there not been open mouth male kissing. Enjoyed the sexual environment but that was totally disgusting and changed my view of the whole show.
4	This show was thoroughly entertaining throughout most of the show. There is a lot of comedy in between the acrobatic shows and it had me laughing. Definitely not the typical cirque show. It doesn't have as much flying acrobatics as some of the other shows but it has segments like the water bowl one which is completely different from the other cirques. There is a lot of topless women prancing around and doing crazy things along with buff pretty boys for the girls to enjoy. If you are a local you need to take advantage and check this show out.  There is a lot of audience interaction that's really funny throughout the whole show. A really good show to watch on a date night.
5	Zumanity was my first cirque du soleil show and wow what a show! Yes, the show is about sex. Yes , there will be nudity. But everything is done so tastefully. The program was about an hour and half long with no intermission. Each scene was organized so that there was a good balance of funny and sensual. Be prepared to participate because that's what makes the show so entertaining. The cast members were all so talented and my friends and I had an amazing time.
4	I liked this show alot. It was great. There is something for guys and girls. Even big girls got love which is a surprise. BBWs walking around giving out strawberries was cool. My wife and I had a good time watching this show.
4	Great Venue! Amazing singing and live music! Very fun and entertaining the men are strong and athletic, but the woman of the cast are far from sexy, extremely skinny BUT amazing athletes! The show is worth every penny and the show is very interactive with the crowd, which is very fun!  The host and the "married couple" which interact with the crowd keep you laughing nonstop. Its definitely a bucket list item!
2	This is my third cirque du soleil show iv seen. Saw KA loved it , saw Totum loved it and saw Zumaity recently, unfortunately was disappointed. I do not recommend this circus du soleil for a first timer! There are better shows that will leave you amazed.Zumanity was funny with a lot of audience interactions. The acts were ok but like I said not amazing. Balcony seats are ok but you end up missing some parts when the host interacts with the audience so might be worth it to get lower seats to get the full experience.
4	For this last Vegas trip this was the "show" component of the "dinner and show" that people are doing in Vegas, since the No1DP and I are both getting too old to hit the clubs :/ Although I've been to Vegas a handful of times since my 21st birthday this was my first Cirque de Soleil show. To see one with a person who appreciate a good theatrical show was quite the experience. Each of the Cirque de Soleil shows focus on a specific theme; Zumanity's is "the sensual side of Cirque de Soleil". This is an accurate tagline as this show is Cirque de Soleil's exploration of sex in all of its forms yet maintains the class and whimsical fun of a Cirque show. In the end this is supposed to be a fun show; don't expect going into this show with the same expectations of Bellagio's "O" (high production value), MGM's "Ka" (an actual story) or Mirage's "Love" (typical musical). Three pieces of advice I give to you regarding the show.1) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE try to be early, ~30 minutes before show starts Though the No1DP and I had a great dinner prior, we ended up missing the pre-show where the MC character interacted with the audience. Apparently they use this as a gauge for potential people they'll pick for the acts that involve audience interaction. We both made it RIGHT before show started and we had to stand for at least 5 minutes before ushers took us to our seats.2) No outside food. No1DP had to rent lockers next to the New York-New York roller coaster because we wanted to take back leftover cookies (he misinterpreted my request that I sneak the cookies INSIDE my bag in a napkin to munch on during the show). Poor sweetie.3) This is one of those shows where it's best to see this with your DATE and slightly buzzed. It wouldn't feel right to see this with someone that you aren't dating/seeing because it's definitely going to put THOSE thoughts in you afterwards and this show with a drink in your system is a good buildup.Since I don't want to spoil the show, I end this review with a couple of observations.1) No1DP and I sat in one of the couches directly along the right side from the theater. We did get quite the view as we got detailed views of the actor's costumes but one con was that a lot of the actor-performers were directing their attention towards the front of the stage. It's hard to watch a show if you can't see what the actors are doing unless the act involves using all parts of the stage. 2) If you are sitting in one of the couches and would rather not be picked on, don't go to the pre-show! No1DP and I got avoided for the most part. Only time I brought forth attention was when I asked for one of the roses one of the actors was giving out as part of the act, which I got.3) Couches were rather comfortable and spacious in that the No1DP could be sitting on one end and I could be sitting in the other end with my legs outstretched and my feet could reach the other end. 4) Quite a number of people in fat suits. 5) MC was good in engaging the audience and for the people who chose to participate, pushing their buttons.6) As a lot of people have already mentioned, lots o' titties. Most of them look real though I did see quite a few that were definitely not - but as part of the costume, none of that silicone crap.
5	Haven't had time to review until now but this show is awesome.... my favorite act was TWO GIRLS AND A CUP.... totally changed that tagged line for me,  lol.... like many yelpers said before this show has everything so you're allergic to any kind sexual acts is not for you.... It was fun and funny throughout and the audience participation added to the fun.... I had the front row balcony seats but definitely gonna try to get the front row Love seats next time.... I for one want to be picked to participate on stage,  best way to enjoy the show is to be part of it I say.... all in all I loved it and recommend it.....
3	I've been to 6 shows in vegas and this is near my least favorite.  It's not totally bad, but compared to O and KA, Zumanity just couldn't compare.  I want to give a 2 but it's closer to a 3.   It's not as expensive as the other shows, so it might be a good show for somebody who hasn't watched a CDS show yet.
5	This was my second Cirque show.  The first I saw was MJ One.  Zumanity was risque and sensual...and funny.  The theater was great. You could see from anywhere.  I won a free companion ticket off of My Vegas and took my boyfriend with me - 2 tickets for 50$ and I felt like the balcony seats were great. I could see perfectly.  I would see this show again!
5	Loved! Loved! Loved!  Good mix of humor, sexuality and fun!  Not for the faint of heart though, be prepared for suggestive and foul language and nudity!
5	Yahoo, Yippee and Kiyaaa. Great job dancing,  singing and flying.  Another Top Circe De Solie show. Not offensive at all,  we sat in the bleachers up to roof and without binoculars in hand no nipples to shock and frighten. Great show so go!
1	After watching Michael Jackson's The One at Mandalay Bay I was so excited to watch Zumanity. I was hoping for energy, colour and of course sexiness, instead I got none.The shows hosts were not funny in fact they were annoying, the crowd interaction was something you would expect to see at an all inclusive resort as part of their evening entertainment. The show was slow and lethargic, the acrobats were a bit 'same old' and the sexiness just wasn't there. I should have took note of the people who left early but I couldn't shake that 'it has to get better' feeling.
1	Yeeaaaaa..... no!I even came into this show with low expectations. I left appalled as I didn't think it would be worse than lowered expectations.Sure, it has a "sexy theme" mixed with comedy and acrobats but the execution was horrible!! The host "tried" to be funny but came off annoying. The acts were just random and not well thought out. There was nothing amazing or jaw dropping.At the price we paid, it was a 1 star at best. I would price this show at $25. If you don't get it for that price, don't watch it. I honestly enjoyed the V variety show better, which was basically the same show minus all the crap.I'd have to give KA more credit after seeing zumanity. It really puts other shows into perspective when you witness the lowest setting bar.
3	This show is just ok. If the tickets were half the price I would have enjoyed it more. For the money it just wasn't that great. It reminds me so much of Zombie Burlesque which you can go see for a fourth of the price.
2	The show really should not be using the Cirque name - granted there is some acrobatics involved, but it is nowhere to the degree that it can do the Cirque branding justice. What is really is is a series of disjointed burlesque skits with no real sense of transition in between. Fully understanding that this is the "Vegas/sensual" side of Cirque, and as I guy, I surprise myself by saying this, but there was way too much toplessness, to the point where it seemed like that was the point of the show and it kind of felt cheap.The humor at the pre-show was great, and since I had a student discount, the ticket prices were low as well, but I can't say I would recommend this show to anyone (and judging how it was ~70% full it seems like I'm not the only one). If you have a high tolerance for raunchy/crude/mildly racist humor, Absinthe is overall a much better version of the show. It just seems much more put together.
3	I love cirque shows, but this one has a lot to be desired for. Although the theme is sensuality, they seem to do it a bit crudely. The acrobats were amazing however and it easy to see how skilled they are.
5	I absolutely love the show and have seen it three times.  It will be on my itinerary next time I am in Vegas.It is athletic, sensual, fun.  If you are uptight sexually or a right wing Conservative, I would suggest you go see Donny and Marie instead!!!If you go see the show, do your best to get a loveseat up front so you can be an interactive participant.  Loads of laughter!!!
4	This show is SEXY. The most-used word to describe Zumanity is "sensual," but they fail to mention that it's also hilarious! There are dance acts, acrobatic acts, water performances, gay, lesbian, and kinky dominatrix scenes. All of this is broken up with comedic numbers to lighten the mood in-between, including numerous audience-participation segments that are both awkward and super funny. If you're not laughing, you're sitting there with your eyes glued to the action on stage, trying hard not to look outwardly aroused. However, I do wish the tickets were a bit cheaper. Although it isn't heavy with acrobatics or awe-inspiring like other Cirque shows I've seen, Zumanity is highly entertaining and engrossing. Definitely a fun time!
4	This show was so much fun!This was my first Cirque show, so I can't really compare it to any other shows. I have seen Le Reve though (kind of Cirque-y?), and I have to say that Zumanity has a completely different vibe. I can see why some people wouldn't like this show, but I thought it was hillaaaarious and amazing.Unlike some of the other reviewers, I thought that Zumanity had a good amount of acrobatic performances! The bowl act in the beginning was spectacular. I was a little surprised because I didn't expect the acrobats to be topless, but it was so beautifully done that I didn't even mind! Little did I know, there would be a lot more topless acrobats haaaaahaha. Coming from Berkeley, where I see naked people every semester in the naked run, I didn't mind at all. I thought it was totally fine! Some acts were tastefully done, some acts were not. But I don't think Zumanity is trying to be a "tasteful" type of show - it's meant to shock and entertain you! The acts were so funny and I had a blast during the entire show.I bought a ticket through a half price ticket booth, so I paid about $87 for a pretty great seat. Would I pay full price for this show? Probably not, because I'm pretty cheap. I actually don't think this show is worth full price - I would recommend Le Reve or a different Cirque show if you're paying full price.This is not a highbrow kind of show - definitely not for the fainthearted. Zumanity is definitely for people who like silly, dirty jokes and don't mind seeing a bunch of naked people. I laughed SO much during this show, and I'm glad I saw it.
4	This was my first time in Vegas (I know, a little late) and the first show I saw. Let's just say it set the bar pretty high for the rest of them! There were several scenes with different acts and props which made the show even more interesting because you just didn't know what to expect. It was also nice that the show was addressed to everyone no matter if you're gay or straight... or even a threesome??I would recommend coming with people you're comfortable with sexually. So unless you want to sit there awkwardly next to your parents, I would come with friends or a significant other because it could get uncomfortable if you're a shy person. The show was pretty explicit and uses audience participation which was definitely the best part and hilarious!! I know they definitely had the time of their lives ;D
5	Had an amazing time at the show. I sat in the second row, behind the love seats. I loved that they play and include the audience.  My boyfriend was picked on multiple times and I thought it was hilarious. This was my first time in vegas and the first show I saw. It was amazing. I loved it and would go over and over again. Expensive but a great time.
5	My favorite Cirque du Soleil show (I've seen LOVE, La Nouba in Orlando, and Kooza when it was in Philadelphia), but this one is definitely the best. Contrary to other reviews, there's still a high amount of acrobatics, only it's on a smaller scale. Very intimate theater (can't really go wrong with any seats), but if you're super super shy and don't want Edie the Drag Queen to confront you, DON'T buy the tickets in the front rows. This was the funniest and most interactive Cirque du Soleil and on top of that, Antonio the Gigolo is SO SEXY. But PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do not go with any family members. My friend and I saw lots of families awkwardly sitting there pre and post show and arguments started in the gift shop.
5	Great show from Cirques Du Soleil! Amazing actors, really funny and wonderful. This show is "must seen" in Vegas! The only thing to keep in mind: try to get tickets closer to center.
4	Unless you want to have a REALLY good time tonight, I would suggest picking some balcony seats ;)This show was super cheesy, hilarious, and sexy at the same time. Guarenteed a good time.You better be comfortable to your sexuality though and hopefully the people you're sitting next two, b/c there were a few awkward momements... and a whole lot of nudity. Other than that, single, taken, married, lesbian, gay, threesome... whatever yor thing is, they've got something for you.One of my favorite parts of the show is the audience participation (the people closest to the stage). Luckily for our show, the audience members that participated were good sports and therefore made a hilarous, fun and entertaining segment for the rest of us!The only thing I would have liked is maybe more acrobatics as opposose to dancing since it is a cirque du soleil show, but there was enough to satisfy me.Overall, a good entertaining and fun show!
5	I wasn't expecting much from this show - for many reasons... Shows (like cards) bore me to tears and I'm happiest behind a big slot machine! I go to Vegas to gamble - all I do when I'm there is gamble. And eat occasionally. And drink constantly. I hosted a bachelor/bachelorette party and we decided to see a show as a group. Again, I wasn't expecting much and already had a get-away plan ready just in case I decided to fake sick - just to go throw my money away in a big slot machine!Wrong! This show was amazing, kept us all laughing the whole time. I loved the sexiness, the sinfulness and the sheer playfulness.I will definitely see this again in a few years as I'm sure the show won't change much front month to month.
5	Absolutely the best show in vegas to date! The two obese french maid sisters that roam through the isles make the show for me!
4	Such a great time here nothing but laughs. Very sexual and sensual and allotOf talent. I sat in the middle I don't regenerate how much were the tickets but it was worth it even tho I left early due to personal reasons lol
4	We received ticket for the show thru our hotel, the Bellagio, and wasn't sure it was going to be such a great show. We were wrong. The show and staff were great! I would like to especially thank Adnan for being one of the best hosts/staff members we have meet with in Las Vegas. Finding out we were there for my sisters wedding, Adnan, gratefully upgraded our seats. This was so nice of the team members and it made the show even better. I will be recommending Zumanity to my friends and family. Thank you Zumanity & Adnan.
5	OH EM GEE!  What a show!  A very, VERY sensual show, without being sexual.  This is a show you DO NOT want to take your parents to.  It would be a better idea to purchase tickets for them and have them go without you.
4	Very impressive acrobatics.  Very funny characters.    Very sexy and sometimes raunchy comedy.  They have a live band and singers who sing each of the songs.  Very cool.  Not good for kids and probably wouldn't' recommend it for church goers either.
2	If you've never been to a Cirque show, you might think Zumanity is awesome. But if you've been to some of their other productions (as I have), you'll probably find Zumanity to be pretty tame as an acrobatic display. Purely in acrobatic terms, this is a 2 star performance.As for the "sexiness" and entertainment value of the show, there's room for debate.- If you like loud, over-the-top vocals that distract from the action on the stage, you'll probably like this show (Christina Aguilera fans will love the music I think).- If you think obvious displays of sexuality (complete with hip thrusting) are "romantic" or "sexy," you'll like this show.- If you aren't at all disturbed by sexual violence, you'll probably like the show.While I did appreciate the comedy routines (admittedly raunchy), the drag queen host, and the skill of the acrobats, I found the show to be a disappointment. In an effort to add some sex appeal, Zumanity under-achieves in all aspects. It's not as fun as a traditional burlesque show, not as awe-inspiring as a typical Cirque performance, and not at all romantic.If you can get a deal on the tickets, it's not a bad way to kill 2 hours. But if you're choosing between Zumanity and something else similarly priced...something else will almost certainly be better.
1	Don't waste your time going to this show. For the price, I was expecting so much more. It was distasteful & not entertaining at all. Halfway through, i was bored & wishing I was somewhere else. I should have paid attention to the negative reviews that were posted. What a joke...
4	Loved the show. The wife and I found it fun entertaining and quit hilarious. This is one of those shows that are fun to watch regardless of the seats you purchase. Beware the front row, they will pull you into the show.
3	I had been looking forward to this show for about 3 years! For some reason, every time I've been to Vegas in the past 3 years (About 4 times), Zumanity was on hiatus (holiday weekends off, maybe?). Anyways, after all that hype, I was a little disappointed.Highlight:- Edie the drag queen host was effing hilarious and was great at improv with people in the crowd- The Sex Therapist Couple: the woman was hilarious! Especially her "Scotch baggies" skit. I was laughing so hard!Low Light:- Racist black people dancing like animals with bongo music playing. Wtf? There were no other race-related/stereotypical dances that happened!- If you don't sit at stage-level, you might as well not go. My husband and I sat on balcony level because we heard the cast brings people on stage and wanted to avoid that at all costs. However, we were penalized seeing only about 60% of the impromptu stuff with the crowd in the beginning and at random times during the show- The show wasn't that sexy! It was definitely more of a scantily-clad circus than anything elseUnforgettable Moment:- The bondage skit had everyone in the entire theater holding their breath. It was so sexually-charged! My recommendation:Go see them with a comp ticket, travel deal, or with the savings they are offering with this being their 10th year anniversary
4	Not for the conservative! Nudity, thongs, fishnets, chocolate covered strawberries, and boobies!! they put sex OUT there and IN your face. In a tasteful and at times not tasteful way. The acrobatics were fun. There was no storyline, just different "episodes." My boyfriend and I went to it and enjoyed it. The cast makes sure the whole crowd feels involved, so be prepared to get called on stage or interact with the cast if you're in the bottom seating section. We had a good time with the show! There are others I'd recommend though if you are looking for a story or more amazing acrobatic feats: such as O or Ka.
3	Pros:Great hostesssmall, intimate theaterterrific audience participationCons:Minimal cirque du soleil type acts"sexy" show? meh, not so much-more of a variety act
3	Would I pay full price for this show? No. But, I do have to admit, it was a very entertaining show. Lots of awkward moments that will get you out of your shell and laughing, interesting interactions with the audience (we were seated pretty close to the stage so thankfully we didn't get chosen to participate in the acts but if you don't want to, you can kindly reject their offer). Less acrobatic acts than the other cirques as others had mentioned, but I thought it was still a good enough amount. I wish it had a little more of a storyline though because it was just a random bunch of acts being performed all at once and it was hard to focus my attention on anything. There was a woman seated behind bf and I and she was so offended by the acts/nudity that she stormed out very loudly. How rude. People should definitely look at the ads and reviews before blindly jumping into this show though. And absolutely, NOT a family show! Unless you're one of those types of family.. i suppose. No intermission so 1.5 hour straight through of sexual humor ! Overall, would I watch it again? Probably not. But it was definitely worth a try!
4	Open up to your kinky side (if you have any). Definitely not for prudes - stay away from this one! But if you have a sex-positive attitude, sense of humor, appreciate good entertainment and like humorous acts at the border of vulgarity - go for it. 4 stars because it's not as good as "O" or "KA"
4	I was in the second row on the left side of the stage. I got to smack a fanny, that was fun.The show was stunning, the people were beautiful, the nudity was tasteful, VERY funny, and a lot of audience participation.Only reason this isn't 5 stars is because there wasn't enough "Cirque du Soleil" in this aptly named show.I would go see another "Cirque du Soleil" show and I'd even recommend this one for others with the proviso that this is a cool show but not a lot of acrobatics.
3	I absolutely love Cirque du Soleil shows but this one didn't really live up to typical Cirque du Soleil shows.This 90-minute show is categorized as the "sensual" show, with a lot of nudity (tastful, not raunchy) and sexual content.  There were a lot of audience-performer interactions, which was fun to watch.  The performers were stunning (fit, sexy bodies) but they performed less acrobatic acts, so I wasn't really in awe as I normally am with other Cirque shows.  There honestly was no storyline whatsoever making it more of a variety show.Although it was entertaining and pretty lively, I wouldn't (and didn't) pay to see this show.
1	Ehhhhh I did NOT like this show. Super disappointing for a cirque show. In your typical cirque show you have talented acrobats and amazing trapeze and ribbon work etc. In this show you get sword fighting with dildos, dry humping, and lots of t & a. Yes I'm serious, and I'm by no means a square. I LOVED absinthe down the street at Caesars and that had naughty humor. This humor was just gross and stupid. Anyway. This was the strangest show I've ever seen in Vegas. I found myself looking at the time quite often and wondering when it would be over. Wtf with the zip lock Baggie skit? Just not funny. There were a few good acts here and there, but overall this was just not my thing.
4	Good show.  Very sexual blah blah blah.What was funny was the Announcer boy/girl said "where are my gay boys at" and half the theater cheered.  Really?  That many?  Oh well.  The women in the show were nice to look at and our seats were way up top in a corner.  My girlfriend was next to me, but I still felt like a peeping tom being so secluded.  Not a lot of high-flying acrobat stuff, but that's not the type of show it is.  This is a "sensual" show and it is actually very cheap for Cirque.I think one of the dudes got naked, but I usually tune that stuff out of my mind so I cannot be sure.  But be ready for it in case I am right.
4	I really liked this show! The performances were amazing and the comedy and audience interaction was spot-on! I would recommend this show to anyone that is going to Vegas and wants to see something that has an adult theme but also some great acrobatics.
3	It upsets me to give Cirque du Soleil such a low review.No really, it does. Considering I've been to other Cirque du Soleil shows and they were spectacular.I guess I was expecting this to be just as breath-taking.Maybe I'm jaded? Or as an Australian we see a lot more boobs than normal so realistically, the "adult" content of this show wasn't really "adult" so much as it was just another set of boobs. I mean, I love a great set of boobs as much as the next person... but the adult content was possibly not that adult when the most adult thing I heard was a recording of a woman moaning. Simulated dry humping and putting faces close together really isn't my idea of sexy or adult content. Sure the concepts might be adult in nature, ie. Sexualities discussed, etc but honestly? The adult content wasn't even a blip on my radar as far as adult goes...Don't get me wrong, the guys will make you giggle and clap with their antics. But the wow factor just isn't there.Unless you aren't used to seeing boobs. If that's the case then you might get a wee bit more out of this than I did.
1	We loved Cirque's "O," "Love," and "Ka," even "Mystere" was OK, and we expected a great show from "Zumanity." What we got, instead, was some very bad, stale comedy, a lot of unattractive women---all of them too fat, or too skinny, and/or flat-chested, not pretty---a couple of 300-pounders in body suits, and oppressively loud and unimaginative music. We walked out after 45 minutes, despite having spent $300+ on two second row seats.The men were quite attractive, so maybe women might have a different reaction, although neither my wife nor I appreciated the man-on-man love scenes, the stupid dry-humping or the numerous S & M routines.Next time I'm in Las Vegas and want a sexy show, I'll find some burlesque, where at least the women will be attractive.
4	Best Cirque du Soleil show ever? No, but it was truly enjoyable. I've seen KA, Mystere, and Zarkana, all of these share commonality. Zumanity the edgy side of Cirque is well... that. Unlike other Cirque shows where sitting a little farther back is better, Zumanity is intimate so sitting closer is a plus. Nudity, profanity, sexuality, yes all here. In bad taste? Well that's subjective. Sitting in the front row was an elderly (late 70's/early 80's) couple. I kind of watched them to see their reaction to the various acts and comedy. From what I saw they held hands, laughed, and enjoyed along with everyone else.  If you're easily offended or prudish choose another Cirque show otherwise buy a ticket and enjoy the show.Tips:The stage was small as was the theater itself. The best seats are definitely surrounding the stage. Get a drink before you enter the theater, but ask for it in a cup, yes they let you bring it in.
5	Continuing with the 2010 theme.... I saw Zumanity in 2010, so this review is bit outdated. For a Cirque show, it is 4 stars, not my favorite. But for a Las Vegas Strip show, Zumanity gets 5 stars and definitely worth seeing. Some of the acts are spectacular. I thought the ladies in the water bowl were great (half-naked). The lady dressed in bondage wear with the whip and the guy spinning in the wheel, while she cracks the whip.... sexy. Other acrobatic acts, such as the aerial hoola hoop girl was amazing, but wtf... why was she half naked? So yeah... there's a strange juxtaposition on some of the acts, like they were trying too hard to be erotic instead of focusing on their amazing talent. I didn't care too much for the MC or the non-acrobatic shows. Some of the characters, like the Satyr, were amazing. But I'm glad they included the BBWs as part of the show because it shows that sensuality comes in many forms and types. Which leads me to my conclusion... it was sensual... it wasn't sexy. Some parts were sexy, but during no part of the show did I want to jump my date and hump his leg. Overall, I loved it, but not my favorite Cirque show.
5	i've been to vegas a million times and have never seen a cirque du soleil show until a couple of days ago. for my first one, i thought this was fabulous! i didnt know what to expect and even thought my bf would think it would be lame, but we were both very surprised to see how entertaining and FUNNY this show is. if anything, it could've been more sexual, or maybe i'm just a huge pervert.  i was pretty smashed during the show, but i had a BLAST. the host/audience interaction was hilarious. theres a little bit of everything for everyone. naked girls, guys, fat chicks, midgets, you name it. excited to see more in the future !!
2	Save your money! Way better shows in Vegas. I've wanted to this forever and was so excited. I was highly disappointed, I would not recommend it.
4	This was such a fun show. Definitely risque, but fun. There was so much audience interaction. The strength of the cirque performers never stops amazing me!
4	It was very fun, but kinda short and simple. But overall it was a really good show. Made people laughed a lot!
5	Loved it!! Great show!! But, if you're easily offended, see another show. And, if you sit in the front, be prepared to be taken in as part of the show!! Definitely have to be open-minded, but you will have a great time!!
5	Very KOOL show!! What's funny is that a few people in our area walked out, they could not handle the sexuality therm of the show. I give it five stars and personally think it is my favorite Cirque du Soleli in Vegas.
2	We paid extra for the duo couches and were seated in a location where we missed 1/2 the show. We saw it with most of their backs to us. The show itself probably would have been better had we had the chance to experience it from a different location. It is NOT worth paying for the DUO couches if you are seated on the side of the stage!
4	First off, I received free tickets to the show from my grandmother who won tickets. I'm really glad she didn't see it, I'm not sure if she would have lasted through it. There are definitely a lot of cool tricks throughout the show and the host is hilarious. I think my favorite thing was with the swimming girls- it was pretty amazing all the stuff they did with out slipping and bumping into anything because it wasn't that deep. However I probably could have some without them being topless, but hey it's Vegas.There was more humor in the show then Anticipated, which was such a plus. The seats were comfortable and we weren't too close, but I could see everything and it looked like all the seats were going to be good.They have a funny duo that always interacts with the audience and calls them up to the stage. It gets a little awkward at times not that it's not funny, but that thought that comes across that maybe you could be next.
3	Whatever you do...... Do not waste your money on the couches in the front row or get seat towards the sides of the stage ( left or right) as your view will suck. I paid $296 for a couch on the side and the views sucked so much we moved to a lesser seat. The show overall was good, not the best cirque I have seen. If you can get the $99 dollars for 2 special, then this is a good show. (Don't go if you are a prude. This is a very sex oriented show)
5	Loved it so much can I see it again ?!?!? It was hilarious, I haven't laughed that hard for a long long time! It was sensual and made you say damn a time or two. I really enjoyed that there were bigger girls in the show but disappointed that they weren't utilized more... The women mostly had "dancer's bodies"  which is expected but if you really enjoy T&A then you may be let down.
5	SEX! Compared to the other family friendly cirque shows, this one is not for the kiddies. Honestly, this show is created for couples, love seats, red chairs, sensual themes. Definitely, for couples! Out of the shows I've seen in Vegas, Ka, Zarkana, and Zumanity, Zumanity is my favorite so far.Short Reviews:Pros: Great audience participationVery engrossing actsmy type of humor, Edie the transexual hostess is hilariousCons:Old stage and theaterMight be too taboo for some people Here is a more in-depth review with spoilers:Water bowl- Lesbians swimming and bending in awkward shapes while naked in a water bowl. Cool. XD.Hoops- Beastiality. Not like that, there was a guy dressed up as an animal krumping on stage!Hand to hand- Man and woman acrobats. Very cool as the couple hold each other up in arms.Dislocation- I don't really like contortionist.... Aerial straps- A woman with bondage in the air making sounds of orgasm to show masturbation and S&M...  not bad... XD.Aerial silks- Most epic aerial silk ever. Flying buff little person was quite breath taking. Depicts a relationship between a normal sized woman and a shorter man.Aerial hoops- Didn't stand out.Rouge Cyr- It's always crazy when people spin around on the ground with hoolahoops. Dance on TV-  Four women and four men dancing on stage. Pretty much a strip show.Flamenco Dance- Epic man with his cape! I don't know how he walks around in stilletos and not break his ankles! Also, the two men fighting each other for the love of a woman was really cool inside of the stage. They resolved it with a menage a trois! ;)Strip tease- This is for the ladies... XD.Overall, each scene was breathtaking. Edie really made the show with his dirty double entendres.  Also, the audience participation was hilarious, I usually find audience participation to be annoying at cirque shows but it was actually really funny here. Go see this show! You won't regret it!
5	Sexy, funny, and amazing! This show is all my wife and I have talked about since we got back from Vegas! It's 90 minutes of nonstop fun. They have a couple bars inside and I recommend buying the 32oz mixed drink so you don't have to get up mid-show to get another. I was in the front row on a love seat and was made part of the show. I got on stage and it was CRAZY with the energy from the show. After the show they gave me a free 5x7 of being on stage! I wouldn't miss this show if you're looking for a great Vegas experience.
4	Cirque du Soleil performances are already a bit more sexy than the average show, but Zumanity takes it to a whole new level. If you'll notice, most of the 1- and 2-star reviews are from people who called it "raunchy" or "gross" - umm, prudes! Do you research before you go to any show. If they already require spectators to be at least 18-year-old due to "mature content," you bet your ass you're gonna see T&A - and maybe even more. You still see the amazing Cirque du Soleil high flying tricks, acrobatic stunts, dancing, singing, and prop sherades - but with super-sexy costumes and adult humor. Would I see this show with my parents? Uh, hell no. But our group of gals enjoyed the show.As for the venue, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. EXCEPT - if you choose the balcony, DO NOT get the first row of seats on the balcony. You might think you're getting a great view, but the balcony bar will be in your way - whether you're tall or small - so pick the row just behind it. And unfortch, the ticket box office doesn't warn about this obstructed view. Secondly, floor seating and love seating does involve audience participation, so if you easily shy away from the spotlight, sit on the balcony. Oh, and go early for the pre-show. Kinda sets the tone for the night.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed this show! With all the mixed reviews, I was a little worried! This cirque du soleil show is more interactive with the audience than the others. I think if you have an outgoing crowd the show will def be better! The audiences in my show were outgoing and made the show hilarious! The show was supposed to be sensual, but I didn't find anything sensual about it. A couple of the performances were amazing! Def recommended!!
1	Save your money and your time. This show was horrible, no acrobatics, all you get is lame cheesy sex humor, there are many better 'adult' shows on the strip, I'd see jubilee again over this any day...and that's saying something.I previously caught Peepshow, for about half the price that was actually sensual and sexy. This was cheese, and more cheese. If they advertised the show as more of a comedy I may have felt it was worth the money, but advertising it as a sensual production when it's far from it?
5	I am a 21 year old female from Arizona and found this show hilarious!! For everyone being negative saying it is "raunchy" "trashy" and "tasteless" you need to grow up.  Yes there is vulgar language and sexual scenes HENCE why it's only for 18 and over.  I thought the actors and actresses did a great job! Yes there were boobs and butts throughout the entire show.. but I guess I'm just not one to be freaked out by the human body considering we all have one.  I must say the audience interaction made the show!! I was within a very open minded go with the flow audience which made my experience great.  I enjoyed every minute of it! If you're afraid of "nipples" and "butt cheeks" stay away, but if you're the 80% that don't mind you'll have a blast!
4	Loved it. Overall a good combination of sexy, raunchy, and funny. It kept me super entrrtained and the husband of course loved the amount of boobies he saw ; ) I would have given it five stars if it was just a little longer!
4	Got a great deal on Vegas.com. Sat in the dead center just behind the sound control board. I've seen nearly every Cirque show in Vegas and decided to have a date night for my final night in Sin City and check this show out. It was unique - as all Cirque shows are. I would say it's more of a cabaret show than Cirque if I'm being honest. It's good, a little strange but there's some very interesting audience interaction that is worth a laugh or two. The reviews that said it made the viewers "randy" confused me. While this is the sexual side of Cirque, it wasn't enough to make us want to run back to the room. I suppose if 50 Shades of Grey does it for you this will too. Both were a little over-hyped on the "oh so sexual you must be done immediately" end of the spectrum for me. All in all - it's worth seeing, but don't go with your mom.
2	Just so-so.... We saw this show on 5/23/14. Had loveseat tickets that we paid a premium for, but they were to the left of the stage and near the back. Saw NOTHING going on at the back of the stage. When the show started, they forgot their mics, so we had no idea what was happening for the first 15 minutes....the music was loud but good... The acts weren't that impressive, other than the contortionist and the little man flying through the air. They could have kept the two fat girls.... Added nothing to the show... And the black girl only had African dancing skills? The audience participation was cute, but any of it that happened at the beginning was lost on us. If you get comped, take it... Otherwise,, save your money.... A drink was $13! Absinthe at Caesars was a better show.
3	I thought this show was OK. Have seen a lot of better shows. The comedy was pretty funny, but I almost felt like it was a mishmosh of stuff put together. At least I could say I saw it.
5	Extraordinary! In true Vegas fashion, this adult show offered something appealing to everyone. It included exciting, sexy, powerful, and seductive performances, even tossing in a comedic spin & interacting with audience members. Loved it!
4	Of all the Soleil shows I've seen, Zumanity is my favorite.  It's definitely a "date" show and I wouldn't go with family, for sure.  It's the most crowd-interactive of the Soleil show's I've seen and the balance between dance and acrobatics is good.  It's not as mind blowing as other Soleil shows but overall, it's worth going too for a great time, a good laugh, and to kick off the Vegas mood.
4	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and it was great....there wasn't much of a story line but other then that I was thoroughly entertained. The performers were fantastic! All of the characters had so much pizzazz . I went to school for theater so I really, really, enjoyed every aspect of the show. The nudity was nothing wild, it was fitting. It was funny, laid back, fun and I LOVED when they brought people from the audience out on stage. It was so liberating and free, GREAT show!
5	Excellent show that is not for kids or childish people.  If you don't have an open mind or shy away from nudity then you will not like this show because it is a burlesque show.  Enough said.
3	Well, the wife thought it would be a good show, and for the most part it was.  We had seen the Cirque du Soleil Beetles Love the night before, so we were disappointed in the amount of acrobatics that were in this show.  Just a lot of nudity and sexual innuendo stuff.
4	I had been told to stay away from the Zummanity show multiple times.  Generally, people tell me that it's full of lame humor and light sexual innuendo only exciting to 19 year old Mormons.  I didn't find this to be the case at all.  The show was terrifically funny; and like any Cirque show, it was a feast for the eyes.  The reason I like this show so much, and recommend it, is because it's exactly what I wanted it to be.  I wasn't looking for a strip show (Vegas has plenty of those).  I was looking for a celebration of the human body as a form of art with mild sexual undertones.  Imagine seeing those sculpted Cirque performers going through amazing feats of acrobatics, only more beautifully than ever (and basically naked).  It was a wonderful, classy, and adult experience.  Don't forget to get 30% off with them M-Life card, and also I recommend sitting up close and center.
3	It was an interesting show... I think i should have seen it before Absinthe, i had higher hopes. I expected more acrobatics, almost none. There were some parts that were very funny and some acts that were filler and could be replaced by something else.Save your money, see something else.
2	I'm sure many people are going to be completely blown away by how "sexy" and "sensual" this show is, but in my opinion the acts were very hit or miss... mostly miss.My date and I came to conclusion that this show is tailor-made for middle aged couples who are trying to reignite some spark they lost while they're in Vegas by going to the "sexiest" (and cheapest) Cirque show in Vegas. This theory was supported by a couple of acts we witnessed. One in particular, featured about 6 muscle men trying to watch "the game" on an old big screen while a woman dances and writhes on top of and in front of the TV to get their attention. It was kinda of disgusting. Yes, a reality for probably a lot of people (heeeyy middle aged couples who lost their spark), but can't we move past this and elevate the show to something better than a sexist stereotype about men vs women? Other acts were alright but I couldn't help but laugh over the narration and weird background white noise music of orcas mating and women with a European accents whispering "sssssenssssual"The comedy acts were great, probably because they weren't taking themselves too seriously (and "sensually") at that point. The one act I appreciated was the rope aerialist (but the overdubbed moaning was a bit much)Overall I would recommend other Cirque shows and other variety shows over Zumanity, but if you are unfamilar with erotic movies or theater, blush when someone says arreola, and your one desire while in Vegas is to ignite that lost spark with your spouse while saving some money and seeing topless women in an "artful" way then.... proceed.
4	it was sexy.  it was funny.  it was a good time.
4	Went with a pair of out of town friends on the locals discount night, and had a blast. In brief; The show's fun.It's sort of a cabaret style show, with a lot of different small acts tied together with a thread of "hehe, aren't boobies fun." Every segment definitely won't be 'sexy', for everyone, but I think it hits a pretty nice "medium". There's plenty for whom it would be way beyond risque, but my group found it tame but visually stunning. It more "eludes to sex" than emphasizes it, which is what I would expect from an artistic circusy interpretation of that. They also make an effort to elude to kinks and quirks of all different flavors, but all with the same "rating". So they evoke BDSM and schoolgirl fantasies in equal measure to...different(?) results. Our friends were shocked (!) to find out the host was a cross dresser, for example, and my husband and I were more amused at his discomfort than we'd been shocked by anything in the show.As with a lot of extremely low yelp reviews, I tend to see the low reviews of this show following a "We did not understand what we were walking into, so our expectations were WAY off." It was about what I expected; a pretty classically art-house allusion to the good the bad and the absurd about what happens when humans sex. If you go expecting porn, or serious theater or a wacky madcap rom-com...you're gonna be disappointed.Pros:- Gorgeous acrobatics, some very cool acts, and some visuals that have just stuck in my brain like skull-geckos.- Fun night, if you're a fan of cabaret style shows, and ready to laugh at taboos. Some acts will intrigue, some will make you laugh, some will probably turn you on at least a little, and some will just be boring or unmemorable or possibly scandalous depending on your crowd. - Find out if your friends are racists or prudes! Guaranteed conversation starter! Or ender. Forever.Cons: - A bit spendy, even at the locals price.- If you're not a fan of cabaret style shows, and want to love the whole thing, do not waste your money, you'll have favorites and less favorite skits. - Definitely not the most "over the top" of the Cirque shows; it's smaller, shorter, and again, a cabaret. If you want lots of flying and leaping and stuff, go to Ka. Want music and dancing and choreography, hit up Love. Want to laugh and let your dinner settle, talk about the show over drinks, and then shag when you get home? Bingo. Know what you're getting into.
5	I felt different emotions while I was watching this show - it was exciting, funny, beautiful, unusual, touching! All at the same time. That is why I highly recommend this show, especially for couples. I would love to see it one more time with pleasure! Wonderful!
1	I really thought that was a vulgar show and I'm a 29 year old guy! I felt uncomfortable most of the time, and the acrobatics were not even that good. And the jokes....REALLY lame. And that Nene from Housewives of Atlanta was there...what a LOSER! Her jokes were TERRIBLE. Wish I could have my 170 bucks back, and my waste of time in Vegas.
5	I dislike Las Vegas. Let me count the ways. It is in a desert, using water, excessively wastefully. It is a huge gratuitous consumer of electricity. It is anything but sustainable and local for its gluttonous food offerings. You will encounter many depressed people. It maintains a 24 hour day for night environment outside the diurnal cycle. The synthetic and theatrical architectural themes are offensively non-authentic. So I created a strategy. Travel by monoral, or when renting a car, stay outside of town, like in Boulder. Visit the natural areas like climbing at Red Rock. Do not set foot on the sidewalks of the Strip. Walk through "unsavory" areas where real people live. And see a Cirque show.If you are in the creative community, nothing in this show will be shocking. But its beauty, for the show I attended, was for the MC to invite a very elderly couple in the audience onto the stage to dance together in the finale. That's what it's all about. Love.
5	The comedy bits were absolutely hilarious! I was laughing out loud. The performances were extremely sexy and the acrobats were beautiful and talented. Definitely a Cirque show to be seen with a date. Do not see with mom and dad.I saw it twice and it was just as funny and enjoyable the second time!
5	Great show! Everyone did an amazing job. I found it hilarious.Friendly warning to audience: if you have strong opinions on sexuality and feel the need to express them. Please go watch something else. The couple sitting behind me were so inappropriate when they saw the two male performers kiss multiple time. Their comment "that's just wrong". Kinda put a dagger to my entire evening.
4	This show is not like the other Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas. It was entertaining and did have some of the acrobatics like the other shows. However, when you come to this show you should come with an open mind! The show revolves around sex and although most of it is done very tastefully, there were some parts that were a little "over the top" you could say... Don't sit in the front unless you want to be pulled up on stage!!! We definitely had a great time but will check out other shows in the future!!!
4	First cirque Du Soleil show we been too and we were very pleased.. This is an Adult show so dont go with someone that you would be uncomfortable with..  went with hubby made for a nice evening!
5	I would go see this again and again, very funny and over all a really good show! This show while it is intended for adults Is not without a taste of class.
3	This was my second time seeing Zumanity. I talked it up to friends who were reluctant. So I was embarrassed & disappointed in the drastically downsized act. Almost all of the aerial acts of the show were gone. I was sad to hear the same jokes from the "hostess." I thought it was clever improvisation the first time. At this performance, she forced the same jokes into the act whether they fit or not. so sad. It definitely was not as good as I had remembered. My friends said it was "okay" because they didn't have the original for comparison.
4	It was a really good show and I was thoroughly entertained, but I was expecting something more from Cirque.  Something whimsical and exciting and extraordinary. There wasn't really much out of the ordinary or anything that grabbed my attention and kept me hooked.  The acts were very well paced, the jokes were good, I would totally see it again -- just not my absolute favorite thing ever.  Not to mention I feel kind of awkward watching sex things when my elbow is half an inch from rubbing up against a complete stranger.  We actually arrived a bit late because we could not find the theatre inside the casino!  Luckily, they account for that and start the show a little bit later than scheduled while there's music and a bit of a warm-up act.... unless that was part of the show and I missed it.  Oh well.
4	My husband took me to this show when we visited Vegas earlier this year. Such a funny show that was overall really good! I was expecting it to be very provocative and promiscuous, but at times that wasn't JUST the case. It was also laugh out loud hilarious.  We also scored some good deals online, thus making the prices not expensive. This is one of the less expensive - Cirques we have seen. If you're rather conservative, this might not be your cup of tea. However, if you're ok with a little bit of humor and "sensual ness" you will like it. Watch it!
3	Having seen several Cirque shows now, I see their commonality is basically acrobatic acts some how tied by a theme. for Zumanity, attend with an open mind as you will see the range of sexuality from fat, hot, gay, transgender, midget, and comical. If you want a chance to participate or get chosen out of the audience, sit in the front section or somewhere next to the center steps. Zumanity lacks a storyline. It is a bunch of random acts of acrobatics and sensuality mixed in with intermissions of sexual comedy. My favorite acts were the flying muscular midget, and the man-woman couple doing cheerleader style lifts and the gymnast dude on the pole doing gravity-defying poses. The girls swimming in the fishbowl and contorting was like watching something alien, and the guy guy cage fighting match that turned bi-sexual was when I cringed the most. The Fabiola-looking dude that strips down to nothing is great for the ladies, and all the bare-breasted women makes looking at boobs less exciting after a while, but it's still worth keeping in the show.  For a full storyline show, go see Ka at MGM, or even Totem, the traveling Cirque show.
5	My husband and I both enjoyed this!! I was able to find cheaper tickets on the New York, New York website. At that time (not sure about now) they were offering cheaper tickets for certain dates. One of those dates worked perfectly for us. Great show, we would definitely see it again.
5	This was the second time I have seen this show. I was disappointed with the vocalists but the rest of the show was fantastic.The girls in the show were not very sexy except for the rope girl and one of the girls in the water. The host was fantastic!!!
5	Along with the same inspiring performances I have come to expect from a Cirque show, this show has the added bonus of being both hot and funny. Don't miss it!
2	Zumanity 2014 is a shell of its former self! I first saw this show about 4-5 yrs ago and it was awesome -sexy,sultry, boundary-pushing with superb acrobatics! Fast forward to 2014- most of the sensuality and display of cirque acts have been stripped away and replaced with "dance numbers" that were just "meh" and don't invoke sensuality. Because of this I found the skits in between and "the twins" to be annoying. - one of 2 actual "cirque" acts involved an S&M theme complete with a soundtrack of orgasmic sound effects. If felt a bit awkward and out of place since little had been done to create the mood or build up to this moment. Perhaps it's time for Zumanity to get a prescription for those "blue pills"
3	Entertaining but I had more hopes as far as stage and decor goes after watching O. Also I don't understand why they have all dancers with small boobs. Again premium seating does not mean they will give attention to u. We were sitting in second row from the stage and seemed like they picked up people pre selected. When the girls with strawberry came they did not offer to everyone in the first couple of rows. Mixed feelings. May be they ignore people from other nationalities.
3	Perhaps it was bc I had a heavy dinner right before the show but I fell asleep. I've enjoyed other Cirque de Soleil shows but this one was missing something. Yes, it was quite funny because there was a wide range of talented people performing, from topless women to midgets to bisexual men. However, there was absolutely no storyline. It was a mix of random & sometimes confusing acts. It wasn't sexual as they claim, it was more on the funny side if anything. Of course, this doesn't take away from the talented individuals performing athletic acts but go see "O" instead and you'll be more satisfied.
3	Interesting, fun night out.  Provocative, sexually charged performance with plenty of eye-candy and bare breasts.  Worth seeing, but probably only once.  I enjoy the other cirque shows more.Also, -It's at the New York New York hotel so your options for pre/post show drinks are Italian, tex Mex and burgers...all pretty good though, but not great. - shows are 7:30 and 10:00 -90 min show - about $85-$130 tix - it's a small venue, so there are no terrible seats, but I'd avoid the balcony
4	Zumanity showcases the acrobatic abilities of Cirque du Soleil performers in short, comedic and sexual scenes. It's erotic, mysterious, hilarious, and thrilling to watch their beautiful feats of athleticism and balance. The MC is raunchy and sultry, and will make you laugh uproariously.  Best views are from the center of the auditorium, not the sides. Select your seat with care, as they often select "volunteers" from the couple sofas and front rows. If you live in Las Vegas, check with the box office for the local deal. If you have internet, check online, as we were able to find very reasonable prices with the anniversary offer. Gentlemen who are looking to ogle bosoms, keep in mind that most of the performers are petite and of athletic build. They are not particularly top-heavy, but they are definitely strategically nude.
3	I have been excited to see this show since about 2008. I finally got to see it, and while it was fun, it was not what I expected. It is definitely not what you typically think of when you think Cirque du Soleil. It's more of a Burlesque/Drag Show/Variety Show with some acrobatics thrown in. The best Cirque related parts of the show was the girl with the hoops and the couple dancing with the ribbons. The best part of the show for me, was the pre-show. It was funny and entertaining, if not embarrassing for the guests sitting front row. Zumanity while entertaining wasn't very cohesive. There seemed to be a bunch of thrown together scenes that didn't blend together as in some of the other shows.If you're looking for somewhat bawdy entertainment Zumanity is a good choice. If you're looking for something more Cirque-ish look elsewhere. Also - its very sexual and topless so not a good choice for families. Also beware, that if you sit in the first 2 or 3 rows, they will get you! You will be made to do silly sexualized things, possibly with strangers. So if you're uncomfortable with that sit at least 4 rows back.Hottest scene = the bath tub scene. Visited August 2014
4	Definitely a unique cirque show. Seemed a bit short considering the price (although we went for free thanks to MyVegas / Mlife). Seems most seats offer a great view, since the theater is not too large, and the seats surround the main area of the stage.It's worth checking out if you can go for free or at a discount. If paying full price though, some of the other cirque shows may be better. We did enjoy it though.
4	I saw two Cirque shows during my trip to Vegas. This was the second. The show was tasteful and the acrobatics were, as always, fantastic. As always, a few times during the show my heart dropped watching some of the stunts performed. This Cirque show was perfect for the raunchy instead of family-friendly atmosphere of most of the shows. The stunts were much more intimate than the other shows, and there was a bit for most kinks the audience could have.
5	This show was awesome!! Great crowd involvement and a great hostess for the show, seats were comfortable and ushers can move you to better seats if it's not packed full, just ask. This show is for adults and it's very sexual,  just relax and enjoy the show
5	This was an awesome show.  Saw it with a group of women but definitely recommend going with your partner!~
2	Wife that it was okay, I thought it was pretty bad.  Not very many acrobatic circus acts - it was more about the humor, which wasn't funny.  I do not get offended at anything, so it isn't like sexual humor bothers me.  It just wasn't funny.
4	This was different than the other Cirque de Soleil  shows in a sense that it's a combination of acrobatics meets stand up comedy,  all while being sexual at the same time.  I enjoyed it and was very much entertained.
5	Well worth the price of the ticket! The show is engaging from start to finish. My picky husband even loved the show.
4	Hilarious!I didn't expect Zumanity to be this good.  From a performance and acrobatic perspective, Zumanity can't compare to The O Show.Don't get me wrong, this takes nothing away from Zumanity as it makes up for it in humor and entertainment.
5	I was weary because of the sensual side to it, but this is easily one of my favorite Cirque shows. You have to go in expecting anything, but the side and in-between acts were funny, and the acrobatic talent was amazing. There was a good mix of different acts and even if you've seen most Cirque shows, this one certainly won't bore you. I really liked the crowd involvement. The theatre itself is unique as well!
3	I would describe this as a a So You Think You Can Dance/Burlesque show... not enough Cirque.The pros are it has a few very stunning silk acts and a great pole balance act. The hosts are very funny.The cons are just not enough cirque acts and no real story, more like a variety show. It was worth seeing at the dress rehearsal price but I wouldn't want to play full price.
5	Absolutely stunning!!  We spent the $300 for the couch seats last night. I don't know what else everyone is complaining about on here. I've see all the cirque shows and this by far is the best one. All natural women and smoking hot men-especially the one with the pink Mohawk!!!!!!! YUMO!!! Go see it!!!
5	Great Great Great Show. Must watch. The acts and the message it brings to the public is something to really live by. Grab one of the big drinks from the front and just enjoy the 1.5 hr show. It is definitely a must see!!!!
1	Sorry but we have been to a few Vegas shows like Le Dream, Jersey Boys and a few others, but for money we paid out it just wasn't worth it, they should of had more acts more action, I could have gone to a strip joint and paid less
4	Pretty fun! Not for everyone, but if you have a sense of humor or just like to watch... this was entertaining. Drinking helps. The preshow is a lot of fun too. Comfortable seats and great theater, you pay for how close you want to be.If you are not shy go for a front row seat or the couches.Probably get your best prices at NY NY with whatever deal they have, although Travelzoo did have a deal we used in spite of not being Travelzoo fans. (Travelzoo can be pretty erratic and they are NO help if you get into it with the vendor. You bought it, you own it.) We sat up on the front sides and you sure are CLOSE, but you miss a little of the front stage action and maybe some of the perspective of the higher acts.Some Excellent acrobatics and moderated fauxsexual scenes, moderator host was excellent.
5	We loved this show and thought it was fabulous. It was erotic, humorous, and very visually entertaining. It is definitely for adults only. Try to see it with someone you love. If you are offended by sexual material, do not go to see it. I would go back and see it again for sure.
3	I went to a Zumanity dress rehearsal that I got discounted tickets for through my company. While I thought it was entertaining at times, I felt that it was a bit all over the place. The only real common theme was topless dancing...? Definitely not the best burlesque or Cirque show I've been too.There were a few standout performances,  specifically our Mistress of Ceremonies, and the "Breakfast at Tiffany's" scene. The bondage acrobatics scene was also really good. Many of the costumes were beautiful. As a whole, I'm glad that I didn't pay full price, but I did enjoy myself. All in all, if you can get discounted tickets, I would say go for it, but if not, then try one of the other Cirque shows
1	If you are looking for a "show" this is NOT it. Go see La Reve, O, Love or ANYTHING else!!
5	From a Las Vegas local: Favorite show on the strip!
1	I did not like this show at all.  Maybe it is all the overweight people practically naked walking around the stage.  But I didn't like the sex aspect and all of the adult like themes.  It was boring and a turnoff to me.
4	Very fun show! Got comped tickets from MyVegas and they were front row center. From the beginning of the show to the end there were lots of laughs and amazing performances. My wife was pulled on stage for a bit even. The performers interaction with the audience was outstanding and very quick thinking in their feet. Had a total blast.
1	Major disappointment. I don't understand how 1000 people have this an average of 4 stars. And I really don't understand how Cirque would want this show attached to their good name. Even though it was too much, I could deal with the sexual references and toplessness (some was unnecessary though), but there was hardly any acrobatics or a performance that you expect to get when paying $100 each for Cirque tickets. The Drag Queen MC was annoying and talked way too much, and many of the attempted jokes left me falling asleep in my chair.
4	This show was awesome. Funny, sexy, and amazing acrobatics. How do they do that stuff!?!  Get there early. The pre-show is hilarious, and you may just get called out for being late. Have a few drinks before you get there. The acrobats are awesome. And scantily clad. If you're not into that this isn't the show for you. The Drag Queen emcee is very funny and has really nice legs ;) The theatre is nice, the seats are comfy, not a bad seat in the house. If you sit in the front it is likely you will be embarrassed at some point. My husband and I saw this together- it is geared toward couples. Cons: too short, drinks are expensive (like everywhere else)Pros: awesome acrobats and lots of funnies.
5	Fun, spicy and beautifulI really enjoyed this show! And if you think which show to see in Vegas (this is kind of must-to-do in Las Vegas) Zumanity is the one.P.S.: I heard that there are some discounts for military.
2	I went here the other with somewhat high expectations. I've heard a lot of people say that they liked the show. Now, these are people who have never seen cirque du soleil shows and people who have. I thought it'd be at least a decent show. I, however did not like the show that much. Maybe because it's not my cup of tea? I'm not really into sensual shows or things like that. There were only 2 acts that I enjoyed, and they were the hulu-hoop girl and the girls in the water bowl. Those were the only 2 acts that had any acrobatics to the show. All of the other acts bored me, and I just wasn't interested. I believe the couple behind me actually walked out of the show. It was funny because I did laugh during bits and pieces of the show.
1	Worst show ever. I'm surprised that cirque even produced such a horrible show. The constant suggestions that it's unnatural for heterosexual men not to experiment with homosexuality or beastiality is repulsive. Constant persuasion that it's ok to commit adultery is disturbing. What makes this  1000 times worse is the tactic of the cast encouraging the crowd to clap causing massive manipulation. So bad
2	I read about all the shows available in Vegas before deciding on this one, because it's description was so interesting. It said "alternate lifestyle" which piqued my interest. But the show was bit of a let down itself.First, even though we bought the most expensive tickets in the house, our seats were trashy. We were seated on a side row, and all actors faced towards the front area 80% of the time. Second, there was no story to the play. It was just another regular cirque du soleil, that you can see anywhere, with partial nudity added to it. There was no "lifestyle" whatsoever. Without a story, it was hard to stay engaged. Third, there were a lot of actors on stage at various times with one main actor doing the stint. It was hard to focus on the main actor while those in background kept doing their tidbits.In my opinion, this show is a one-time watch, but not definitely a must-watch as people say. You are not missing out on anything by missing this one.
5	Loved this show! Worth every penny! I didn't have high expectations because I feel asleep durning O but hands down this show is a must see if you are comfortable with sex. You can get cheap tickets on the strip at half price tickets! Stop thinking about seeing it and go do it!!!!
5	This show is not for the prudish but if you're curious, I say go for it but be very warned lol. Before the show started, half naked men and women came out feeding some of the audience strawberries. Some were even flirting with the couples. This show is an extremely sex driven, lustful, artsy type of show. Definitely take your significant other and have a good time.  You will see a little bit of everything, have a drink, let your hair down and enjoy.
1	This show was awful.  I've been to many Cirque shows and I have no idea how they allow this show to exist.  There were minimal acrobatics, just a lot of toplessness and bad jokes.  That's $88 and 2 hours of my life I'll never get back.
2	I've been to many Cirque shows and loved every one of them. I typically like the music, show value for the entertainment it provides, choreography, makeup, costume and so on. This show starts with the comedic actors drawing in the crowd and it drew me in as well. Once the show started, it quickly turned into a cabaret show. There was little acrobatic display, no flying of performers, and the whole show had sex as the underlying tone. I found the skit with the two guys dancing, kissing too much and from there on I thought...when will this be over?I won't return, I can't recommend it to a typical cirque enthusiast, unless you're aware it's a cabaret show.
4	Sexy Cirque show. Check out peep holes in the hallway. We had champagne and chocolate covered strawberries.
5	I loved this show it's very sexual but hey it's vegas!!! I recommend this show to any couple!! The theater is not too big so anywhere you sit is great.
3	This show is ok, worth seeing at a discount.  I actually thought it would have some drop dead beautiful men, woman and other.  They were some nice looking folks but no show stopping numbers.  The girls in the glass, were very good.  One of the more voluptuous dancers, long beautiful hair and big boobs was actually mesmerizing.  I wish i knew her name so I could give her credit.  Was expecting more beauty than I got.  The acts were very good, but nothing amazing.
2	I went with extremely high expectations. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. I didn't feel the passion/connection among the actors. Sure they get naked, have some fun, and are naughty. I thought there would be more of a connection where you could feel the love and passion between the people on stage. I think this could be done with appropriate music and eye contact and caressing.
5	We arrived in Vegas and decided to get in relaxed state of mind pronto by attending Zumanity. It was pure joy and super fun. The theater is lovely, set is beautiful and music haunting or jovial as needed. All very well done. But what makes this show is a fun loving and very talented cast. No matter their roles, all the performers are exceptional. This is Burlesque at it finest with talented singers, dance, acrobatics and fun campy skits. We sat in the sofa seats and enjoyed the proximity to the stage, you may well be party to some of the skits in the show but it is all in good fun. Let your hair down and enjoy this romp!
4	It's arousing!  But I should note I am easily aroused.The male performers are like Chippendale buff but the acts all seem to show they would be very interesting in bed and not just a pretty bod.  The kinky outfits are cool too.  Again, I'm should note I am into kinky outfits.  The outfits reveal chests and butt - super tone, young, and smooth.  Not that I'm only into those traits.  I wouldn't want any cute average guys, yummy bears and otters, or sexy daddies in the Yelp universe to think I wouldn't be into them, because I would be.I sat in the nosebleed balcony seats a little to the left and thought it was great.  The prime seats could get you called on stage and I am not into that.  But it made for some fun audience interactions.My ticket was comped but I heard they were about $30 the day I picked them up at the box office (located next to the Zumanity theatre and food court) but listed in the $70s range.  Definitely don't pay listed price for these seats.I didn't realize it could go that cheap but I don't know if it's normal or not to be that low.Ohh yeah, there were lots of boobs.  Not my area though to go into details.However, the guys seemed really well manscaped.Not the most acrobatic but an interesting show.
1	Save your money and see another show. Very disappointing and very "uncomfortable" show to watch.
4	My bf and I went to see this 11/17/14. It was sexy and fun! Lots of boobies and super talented people! The hosts were really funny, but I would of preferred less of them in between acts. It's like you watch this sensuous act and get all caught up in it and then BAM you're confronted with silliness! I'd rather stay in that sexy moment for a bit :) The theater is really cool and it looks like all the seats would be great!
3	Unfortunately I cannot give Zumanity more than 3 stars. Acrobats and costumes and music were great, but the jokes were just not appropriate and unnecessary. It spoilt the whole experience. I was expecting more from this show. And I thought it was a way overpriced.
2	The cast is talented.  Female dancer are great!  Comics were really bad though....seemed very PG humor and outdated jokes to me.  Absinthe is much more clever and hilarious.  Some of the acts are very nice, such as the girls in the fish bowl.  I liked the whip girls and the dancer with long hair.  I felt the costumes need updating though.  They are pretty cheap looking compared to other cirque shows.
4	It's basically an acrobatic variation of a burlesque show. It's not the best Cirque du Soleil production, but it certainly is not the worst. It's definitely very entertaining, and there are some beautiful performances, such as the water bowl performance and the bath tub performance. If you are uncomfortable with nudity and raunchy jokes, this would not be for you. There's no full on nudity, but expect topless women and men in G-strings. Sparkly G-strings. Their comedy is not for the timid either, and avoid the front row and aisle seats at all costs if you don't want to be part of the show. If you want something classier than Thunder down under/Chip and Dales, and are willing to pay a higher price for it, then this would be the show to watch. I would say that they exceeded my expectations, but I can see why many would be disappointed in the show if they were expecting a typical Cirque du Soleil performance.
4	My third Cirque de Soleil show!! All the shows I've watched were so different. Ka had all the crazy acrobatics. The Beetles had alot of singing and dancing. And this one was very sensual and sexual with a lot of topless people. I know what you're all thinking.. that sounds like a.... but it's not. Even though there are topless people running around, it was done with sophistication and class lol. I really enjoyed the show. It was very fun and lively. The person running the show was super funny. There was a variety of acts. Some acrobatic, some dances, some stand up. I love that all the music was live. They had a band and singers do all the music. They included the audience whenever they could. That was fun to watch. (one guy got called to participate with another girl from the crowd.. and his girlfriend left the show). We sat in the lower section 5-6 rows from the stage and it was perfect. It wasn't one of those big crazy stages where you need to sit at least half way back. It was a very entertaining show! TAKEAWAYS + There is some nudity, so don't bring your kids! + Very risque ;)
5	Great show. Don't sit in the first two rows unless you want to be part of the show. Most of the seats had a good view of the stage. We will be back with friends
5	Loved this show. Much smaller venue, performamce group, and crowd than the other cirque shows I have seen. We had a front row couch which was super comfy. The big eddy drinks we purchased were strong and we'll worth the money. The show itself was great- fun audience involvement. Not a show that the super-conservative would enjoy as there are all types of jokes and visuals of sexual behaviors (you would think anyone purchasing tickets would realize this but who knows). We were bummed when the show ended- we wanted more.
3	Truly an adult show. Not for people who are uncomfortable about sex and sex topics. Don't seat near the stage because you may get called on. Just remember it's all in good fun (we did see a wife extremely upset and leave the show...it was not her husband's fault, you can't control what a person in the audience does especially if they are very drunk). I thought this show was tastefully done. Favorite part was the fish bowl, lady with hula-hoops, the madem was funny, witty, and entertaining. The comic relief group in between acts were very funny and interacted with the audience.
4	Before Zumanity, the last time I saw boobies in a handstand was at a strip club near Bayonne, NJ! Don't tell wifey.If you're reading this, you're probably wondering if Zumanity is for you. Answer these questions to find out:Do you like the "I can't believe they said that" comedy stylings of Jim Jeffries, Dave Attell, and Louis CK?Do phallic objects, flickering tongues, and crotch thrusting amuse you?Are enormous trannies in your "I'm cool with that" wheelhouse?If so, you'll have a grand ol' time at Zumanity! If not, don't be like the reviewer down below who was offended about tigole bitties (actually they're small--dancers aren't known for being top heavy, you know) and genital jokes.That being said, Zumanity isn't a 5 star show. While the cast is talented, some of the acts are more comedy/audience interaction rather than backflip bonanza.As far as sexiness goes, I'm a man who knows his way around tawdry sites that end in "Hub", but I gotta say, there was one act that made me a bit uncomfortable. Not sure why. Maybe it went on too long. Maybe I'm more stimulated via audio versus visual. Who knows? All I know is once the act had been going on for a couple of minutes I was ready for it to end.If you can get seats at a decent price, it's worth a visit. Otherwise, I must advise you to check out Absinthe instead.
5	I was blown away by the show. Can't believe we waited so long to see it. Loved it big time.
3	I'm torn on Zumanity.  It really held my interest in the beginning.  The acts were great and the comedians were funny.  But about 45 minutes in, I was checking my watch.  The two girls in the big water glass thing were great, and the midget with the curtain thingies was amazing too!!  There was also a chain/swing act that was amazing.  I think that if the show would have been maybe 30 minutes shorter I would have been happy with it.  I wouldn't go see this again, but I don't regret going.  I did prefer Absinthe to this though.
5	A MUST GO SHOW. I went to this show with my boyfriend and we were amused. This show is sensual, funny, elegant but cynic and most definitely entertaining, all in one bowl. The cast is very talented and deliver the show with excellence. There is for sure a lot of skin showing, some pleasing and some not as much but it does not fall into  vulgarity...girls, don't worry if you feel this will only please your man's eyes, there is time for the ladies as well to take a peak of some good looking man's skin as well =) Tip: I will not recommend you to sit in the front if you're shy as after the show the host will interact with the audience that is sitting upfront.
5	Went to see this show last week  at New York New York. Show was great. Funny, entertaining, sexy and interactive. Would highly recommend it. Bar drinks were large and they don't skimp on the booze. Bourbon and seven drink was $20 for 32 oz. Show was $206 for two people with good seats. The only thing I didn't like  was the incense they walk around with.
4	This is a super amazing show and probably the best I've ever seen in Vegas. I guess the only other show I saw was O. It's very interactive with the audience who are sitting near the front and extremely, extremely sensual. There are lots of boobs and butts. I didn't know there was going to be so much nudity. From an artistic point of view, the whole show is very beautiful celebrating the beauty of the human body and acrobatics. From a perverted point of view, non-stop boobs galore!Beware if you're planning on your with kids/parents--it may get awkward quick.This is a great show for a date--try to snag one of the love seats for 2 up front when you're buying your tickets. Then again, great show for anyone!
1	Meh. I love Cirque, in fact I'd count myself as a super fan (having seen every show that I can get to in LA, Vegas, NYC or SF). I first saw Zumanity back in 2004-ish. It was sexy, fun, entertaining and sure adult, just enough, perfect. So I took my husband for his birthday (dinner and a show in Vegas, nice ;-). We both left disappointed and with raging headaches. Where was the Cirque in this show? I saw drag, boobs, lewd jokes and minor acro feats. What I missed was the charm, the sensuality and awe that most Cirque shows offer in spades. You can see the aforementioned sexy XXX anywhere in Vegas. My advice to the consumer- decide what you want if it's raunch go elsewhere, if it's Cirque try O. To the Cirque team- try harder to stay on brand and revert back to the show as it was 10 years ago or take your name off this show. Zumanity is not worth the time or money, sorry.
2	Meh. This was my 5th Cirque show, and it was the worst. 90% dancing and 10% of acrobatics. I get the appeal, burlesque. However, I feel that people are distracted with all the boobs bouncing around to actually recognize that the show wasn't as extraordinary as you would expect a Cirque show to be. The music was cheesy, I had flashes of Rock of Ages and I'm not quite sure what the point of the male stripper was as it wasn't even good dancing (disclaimer: guys dancing in speedos not a turn on for me. However, if he fixes my garbage disposal I will swoon). Cute and funny at times? Sure. Jaw dropping performances? Nope.
5	My significant other wanted me to go to a Cirque du Soleil show.  The Cirque shows at the MGM and other places were $80+ for terrible seats.  I suggested Zumanity because the tickets were a lot cheaper and the venue was a lot smaller.  The front desk at our hotel (MGM) gave us a free booklet with a list of shows and things to see in Vegas.  There was a coupon inside for Zumanity buy one ticket get another for $10.  We ended up getting tickets for the third row at the box office in New York, New York. We knew it was an "adult" show, but I didn't know what to expect besides some frontal nudity.  It is definitely not a show to take your parents to see (although I did see a mom and adult son).  There are a number of sexual and topless aspects of the show.  The MC is a drag queen and he was great and hilarious.  The show has great humor, jokes, audience interaction, and there is something for most sexual preferences and desires.  There are some gay and lesbian aspects - this may be off putting to some people - my view is what ever floats your boat.  Even if the main scene was not your thing (gay, midgets, cross dressers), there were usually people in the background doing something.  So even if the concept of a three way with one girl and two guys is not interesting to you... you can check out the topless girl dancing in the background.There are some acrobats in the show, but the main focus is on sexual themes.  The crowd was a great mix of people: old, young, hetero, homo, foreign, and interracial couples.  Minor comment: the female performers are (mostly) in great shape so they are a little low on the cup size.
4	What a fun show! My wife and I went on December 29th 2014, and had a great time!  It was funny yet sensual. Some great acrobatic acts as well as some flesh made this a must see show.
4	Different side of Cirque du Soleil!! The naughty one, that you won't see but in Vegas!  Sexy, sensual and entertaining. You have to be openminded to enjoy it,if you are conservative, DON'T even think of going, it is not for you. Very erotic but tastefully done. P.S front raw, WATCH OUT! they will kill you ;) very hilarious!
5	What could be a better show to watch after a dinner at the whimsical Rose.Rabbit.Lie. other than Cirque du Soleil's Zumanity? This was the first time my BF seeing the sensual side of Cirque du Soleil, so I booked the seats 3 months ahead just to make sure we're sitting on the second row. (First row are loveseats, be prepared to be invited up the stage if you do decide to sit on those seats :)Of course, Zumanity is far more than just the "sensual" side of Cirque du Soleil. The show integrated different aspects (or fetishes) of human sexuality. I particularly enjoyed how daring their version of a threesome, which involved two male lovers and a woman. Since this was my third time seeing the show (and yes, they did tweaked the acts,) and assuming we'd be watching the show with a fun crowd, I purposely booked a Friday 9:30 PM show. Nevertheless, I was still flabbergasted to learn just how people are really evolving backwards based on the audience's reaction, or rather, lack of...Kudos to the performers of Zumanity, especially the MC, Edie. (Good lord, how do you entertain a theatre full of Jesus Freaks?!) If it weren't for the fun folks sitting on the balcony, the people sitting in the orchestra made the entire theatre looked like a funeral!! There was even one of those "macho man" type of loser sitting next to us, he was acting all belligerent toward the male/gay performers. Honestly, what was he trying to prove other than he's extremely uncomfortable with his own sexuality?People, please! If you decide to go watch Zumanity, please keep an open mind or you'd be ruining it for people who actually wanted to have a good time. Then again, I'm sure there's plenty of bars on the strip where you can showcase your stupidity and still manage to find the woman who buys it...
