1	THESE PEOPLE ARE SNOBS!!!  If there was a way for me to rate them with ZERO stars I would!! These are NOT dog people and the owner is a total snob.  Really I would use much harsher words to describe her but I don't want to bleep!!  We have 2 little dogs and one is from the pound so he is usually scared with new groomers, vets, etc.  We intially decided to use them for grooming after stopping in and meeting their receptionist...she was VERY nice and a total dog person.  I really thought my dogs would be treated well here.  From everything she told us our rescue dog would be treated with patience and have a gentle, calm grooming.  First of all we made the appt. well over a week ahead of time and had made special plans to have our rescue pup with their most experienced groomer but when we showed up they had double-booked her and wanted to switch to someone else.  I said no.  I'm sorry but we did make the appointment a week ahead of time-- give me a break.  That was the first snafu.  The second was they said it would be a couple of hours so we made plans to stay nearby.....they never called us to tell us they were ready so I finally had to call them several hours later.  To boot they were RUDE to us and acted like it was an inconvenience to cut our dogs hair at all.....I was really surprised at the attitude.  I mean seriously when you charge $50 for a 9 lb dogs haircut I expect a certain level of service and I expect them to look like show dogs not hack jobs.  Their cuts were un-even and they even complained that one of the groomers "was very unhappy that our dog gave him kisses".  Yes those were her actual words!! I mean I left there fuming!!!  I don't usually leave reviews like this because I really prefer to only spend time on the places that I like but I hope I can prevent someone else from taking their dog here and possibly getting mistreated.  I can't help but think that maybe they were so nice to us the first time we went in because they hadn't yet earned our business and we just happened to be driving our range rover  (when we picked up our dogs we were in our tacoma truck)  ---- I wouldn't have thought about it at all if it hadn't been such a drastic attitude difference.  These people are awful and I would not recommend them to my worst enemy!! :(
1	I took my dog here a few times and was very happy. They weren't overly friendly but that was ok.  This last time though there was a mistake in the scheduling, and they couldn't groom my dog. Not placing blame on them since I know I make mistakes, I walked out and later called to reschedule. On the phone though, the receptionist denied me service. The owner  just didn't want my business any longer.  Now, I can understand if I had thrown a fit in their store, but I absolutely did not. The receptionist even remembered me being there and was surprised she was being told to not let me make an appt. She said I didn't act inappropriately at all.  This means to me that the customer doesn't always come first and the customer isn't always right at this place. I would think a small business owner would live and breathe by these rules. Don't take your pet here. Absolutely take them to a small, private owned grooming business but not this one. Apparently they don't need us!
1	This place is terrible cold hearted people I took my dog here and left him at 9 came back 4 hours later an he still wasn't finished !! Snobs
