5	My family lives on the South SIde of Pittsburgh so we find ourselves ordering out quite often.  You know I've come to not really expect much from these pizza joints.  Like warm food and maybe 3/4 of my order correct.  However we've ordered from this place about 5 times so far over the past 6 months.   Their customer service on the phone is 100%.  They are always so polite to me when I call.  And trust me sometimes I have a fussy newborn and/or a 7 year old who changes what she wants a few times when I am ordering.  But each time they are so patient and they even suggest things to me.  We are now hooked on their Spinach and Feta Pie.  This time we ordered that Pie and a Six Cheese Pie.  Oh and we cant forget the Steak Deluxe Hoagie.  Everything is just so yummy!  The ingredients they use are fresh.  And each item has so many flavors not just your bland tasting pizza.  The pizza came to my door in under an hour!  Also the pizza guy was extemely nice when he got here too.  He was a cute one too ladies! hahah ;)  So my experience with them as usual is awesome.  I probably should call them and tell them how much I appreciate their food and customer service.    I guess the only negative thing I can think of is their pricing.  Gourmet Pizza sm. $10.99, med. $14.99, large $17.99, ex Large $19.99.  But honestly I dont care to pay more if the quality is there too!  YUMMMMMMMMMMMY
3	Ordered delivery from this location today- large pepperoni pizza. The pizza arrived in a timely manner (about 45 minutes). The crust was nice and chewy, but lacked flavor. They were generous with the cheese. Overall, the pizza I received was average (not bad, but not great). As someone who is new to the area, I will likely try other pizza places in the future.
3	A decent lunch spot. Service is friendly though a tad slow even if the place isn't busy.The pizza is average at best. It comes out hot, the crust isn't that crisp and as another reviewer said, it lacks flavor. I've also had the fish sandwich which was good; a decent-sized piece of fish that's not greasy. The french fries are pretty good.
4	Nothing out of this world spectacular, but they have lots of good specials, they deliver and their prices are really reasonable. After perusing a downtown hotels room service menu (which was astronomically expensive and weak) we decided to surf the net for some decent pizza, and found Genoa's. For $10 we got a good sized medium pizza delivered to our hotel within 30 minutes. Saved our night!! I would give five stars, but the delivery driver wouldn't come up to our room for some reason. He made me meet him in the lobby. Stupid. Other than that though, it was just what I wanted.
3	Ordered delivery to my hotel tonight.  Not sure why they didn't give me plates for my pizza.  Anyway the seafood pizza was decently tasty (not very hot when delivered and unfortunately I don't have a microwave in my hotel room).  No complaints with the seafood salad too.  For $9 I received a decent sized salad with shrimp and imitation crab. Took about 40 minutes for delivery which is totally acceptable.  They should try using non-generic pizza boxes to promote their name.
1	Terrible service. Ordered a late night pizza and told 45 minutes. Driver calls close to 90 minutes later with lame excuse about getting sent the other direction and still 7-8 minutes away. Called the restaurant to request 50% off and no deal. Then, after asking who the owner is so I can lodge a complaint I'm told by someone with an accent that they don't know, call back tomorrow and after asking several times I was hung up on, twice. I was assertive, and angry, but no cursing or yelling. Terrible, terrible, terrible!!! Hopefully with my Hilton status I can have them removed from the hotel's recommended listing. I would not give this place any business if your counting on them, unreliable to a fault.
1	Terrible delivery and customer service, the one delivering gives me a call for the order, I give him the money then questions whether its my order or not believes I am not the one who ordered waits for the no one else who made order. He then leaves without giving me the order. When I call the manager to complain, manager tells me that I am no longer allowed to order for he cannot deal with me..
2	The pizza was decent but the appetizers and service left a lot to be desired. The server's attitude bordered on downright rude.Next time I'll skip the trip and get delivery! Better yet, try out a different local pizza place.
5	Man, I don't get how so many people down this place. I've never had anything but great experiences, whether ordering for delivery or going in.Their pies are the best that I have tasted in Pittsburgh (so far). So many other joints I have tried mess up the crust, which once you've screwed up the base you've got nothing else. But their pizza crust is thick and chewy, just the way I like it.I love how they load their pizzas up with toppings (another thing that some pizza places skimp on, which makes for an angry Quay!). Everything tastes fresh and incredibly flavorful.We ordered in from Genoa's on the nights where we really don't feel like cooking. They were a godsend when we were in the process of moving. We've always managed to get our food delivered well before the quoted time, piping hot, and the delivery guys and the guys who take our order are always pleasant.
4	I ordered a cheeseburger hoagie, fries and a soda to be delivered to my hotel.  They told me on the phone that it would be 45 minutes and and my food arrived 5 minutes shy of the estimate.    Everything was hot and fresh.   The hoagie roll was one of the best I have had and the hamburgers were much better quality than I usually find on a hoagie.  The fries were also very good and the order was big enough for two people.  I'll order from them again the next time I visit Pittsburgh. .
5	Genoa is amazing!!! I've been in Pittsburgh for a couple of weeks for work. I've gone to Genoa just about every one of toes nights. Great food no matter what you order, and an awesome full bar as well. Amanda and Ashley are awesome bartenders. If you're in the area, this is a MUST STOP. Seems like a great place to watch football, GO CHARGERS, or the Penguins game! Thank you Amanda, Ashely, and Billy for making me feel at home out here in Pittsburgh!!!!!!!!!!! I'll miss you 3.
5	Delivery was very fast, food is here in 20 minutes, and the italian deluxe sub, omg, best sub i've EVER had, and i'm a foodie! Delicious!! as far as delivery and sub goes, doesn't get better than this!
2	This place has gone way down hill. I ordered the steak hoagie and my friend ordered the buffalo chicken hoagie and both hoagies barely had any meat on them. I told the waitress about it and she brought over the manager who told me there was nothing he could do about it and that the meat is proportioned out beforehand. They also charged my friend $3 to add lettuce and tomato to the large hoagie ($1.49 +tax a topping). Unless you want to eat a bread sandwich and overpay for toppings, I would try a more reasonable hoagie place.
5	Best Pizza Ever!  I will admit I was skeptical about ordering bit in the end, hunger won out over skepticism.  I bit the bullet and ordered a small thick crust.  Best pizza I have ever eaten in Pittsburgh and I have eaten quite a lot of pizza.    Definitely ordering again.
