4	I've been kinda slacking on reviews lately, so I figured why not kill two birds with one stone and get an FTR as my 100th review!This Jimmy John's location is brand new and located on the SE the corner of Craig & Jones. If you're familiar with the area, the shopping center also has a Panda Express, Dunkin' Donuts and a few other shops. The JJ's is on the far east part of the complex in a newly renovated building, and as of right now they are the only business open in that building. The inside of this JJ's is quite a bit different from other locations I've been into. Like most of the other stores, they have the open kitchen area, but this JJ's has a pretty big open dining area as well. When you walk in, you'll find a few booths to your right hand side and some community, bar style seating on your left. One of the coolest things about this location is they've also got a drive-thru! I've always been a fan of JJ's and the sandwiches at this new location were just as good as any other one I've been too. I prefer their thick sliced 7-grain bread over the French bread and it was super fresh. Their meat has great flavor, I love that they use real bacon and I was even more excited to see they offer sprouts at this location. Not sure what it is, but some fresh sprouts really set off a sandwich. Other traditional toppings like lettuce, tomato and cucumber were all fresh and tasty. The only big complaint I have food wise is that they only offer Dijon mustard, so if you prefer yellow mustard, you'll be getting packets on the side.I have eaten here twice since they opened, both of which were pickup orders. It's great they offer online ordering and if you have a group of people or want to order for the office, they have a really nice group ordering system. On my first order, they messed up a sandwich and forget ingredients, not a huge deal but a bit of bummer. When you order, everything is broken down and printed so how they managed to mess up is beyond me. The second order was perfect though and they seem to be doing just fine for having only been open less then a week. I'll definitely be a repeat customer and this is a great location so I imagine they'll do really well here.
5	First time ever going to a Jimmy Johns. The service was quick and friendly. I decided to try their veggie sub. Competitor vegggie subs are usually bland. This was not the case here, i really enjoyed it and the prices were fair.
5	Ate at this location two times in a row.  I love the #4 (turkey, sprouts) on wheat bread.  Love the fresh seven grain bread, turkey and cheese.  These sandwiches are way better than Subway, etc.  During yesterday's (Friday) visit, the staff were heard singing along to the music playing, which was nice to see/hear.  It's nice to see people enjoying their jobs. Today, I had ordered my food through the drive thru.  My one of two sandwiches ordered was made incorrectly using French roll rather than wheat bread.  The staff were quick to fix the minor mistake. Great sandwiches, nice staff..just wish there was a location in the Aliante area but worth the drive.
5	By far the best JJ I have ever been in.  The owners were very nice and the crew was enthusiastic.  The subs are always great.  Keep up the freaky fastness.
1	People here are imbeciles...  How hard is it to put the meat in the side (individually wrapped)  instead of putting it in the sandwich? I'm not asking you build me a house....  I have done it countless times at other places (firehouse subs,  subway, bambinis, port of subs, and many more) ..  I'm never coming here again.... EVER!
5	I went their for the first time yesterday, and it was Freaky Fast. Been to a couple shops here in town before so not disappointed as always.
5	I have a way of ALWAYS getting my orders wrong, or the restaurant is out of what I want. It is litterally comical!! Not at Jimmy Johns. I eat at Jimmy Johns anywhere I can find one, and have had only 1 messed up order. This location is new, and I didn't ever experience the "NEW" feel. Same great, guality, speedy service I have come to expect from Jimmy Johns!!
5	The best thing to happen to the northwest side of town. The staff are so friendly. The restaurant so clean. Highly recommend the lettuce wrap sandwiches.
5	Tried this place over the weekend and had a great experience. I did not catch her name but a young African American girl served me and she was beyond helpful. Ordered two sandwiches both with special requests and she got everything perfect. This will be our go to place in the NW.
5	THE UNWHICH!!!  Watching my calories and working out.  The last thing I want is to cheat my diet.  Then I found the Unwhich.  The heavy calorie filled bread is replaced by a lettuce wrap.  Not only do I get less calories,  but I still get ALL THE FLAVOR!!!  I Love it, even if I wasn't counting calories.  The Hunter Unwhich with cherry peppers,  sprouts, onions, and vinegar and oil.  Yum!!!
4	Just had this for the first time yesterday. I assume that the woman taking my order was new because she wasn't aware of certain things on the sandwiches. The order was made promptly but she actually forgot to add on one of my sandwiches. Other than that, very fresh bread and quality meat.
4	I have ordered from here twice now. the delivery is incredibly fast! only 10minutes from the moment I pressed the order button online! easy to order online. Both times, my order was exactly as I ordered :) the sandwiches are made well with enough ingredients to fill up the sub. ingredients are fresh and tasty! ... the bacon is not great, not crispy at all. My lettuce wrap was good. But both sandwiches were too salty, and that kinda ruins the taste for me. ... all in all I will definitely try them for a 3rd time, knowing to stress no salt. Great priced subs - you should thy them out!!
5	17 minutes after we ordered online, our food was delivered. Wow!!! Now that is 'crazy fast delivery'. Our sandwich was so tasty. I'm impressed, and cannot wait to order again. The bread was so flavorful, as was the meat and veggies. They did not even charge a delivery fee. Choose your sandwich, add your tip...and have a nice day! Boo ya.
