4	I grew up in a very hispanic part of California. I thought I knew burritos. At all of the quick serve places in my home town, burritos are 12" tortillas filled with mostly beans and maybe some other stuff. I always got the delicious little tacos.The first carne asada burrito I got in Arizona was at this little shack in a parking lot, and it was game changing. A large tortilla so soft they had to have made it themselves, filled with sliced steak (at least 8oz, probably more, I don't know what Lisa L was talking about) with a little guac and pico. The steak was good enough that's all it needed. And the best part of the burrito was the last few messy bites, the juice from the steak pools up in the bottom.I've had other things here. The rolled tacos, enchiladas, and quesedillas are all decent, but when you go to this place you want a burrito.
4	Ok some hole in a wall places are worth taking a peak. This would be one. The one in Casa Grande and the one in Arizona City are very good.Pros. As close to authentic as a Gringo like myself wants to get. Great quality, Large portions, and the flavors are well balanced.Cons. Casa Grande has out door seating only, which means if its hot or cold so are you.Arizona City its an half hour drive.
4	If you're cruising around Casa Grande with a fiver in your pocket and the munchies, you need to go to Nico's. It's a closet-sized shack in a giant parking lot, but don't let that throw you. Nico's serves freshly made, delish Mexican food in generous portions. Entrees like enchiladas, burritos, and chimichangas are packed with meat, loaded with cheese and sauce, and most are under five bucks. Most sides like rice, beans, or guacamole cost only a buck extra, which is fine for me because I'd rather fill up on the main dish. The only "in-house dining" is a few picnic tables outside but their takeout window services is efficient and super quick.The biggest draw for me is the quality of the chicken they use: it's shredded in big hunks, and so tender it's almost like candy!When they ask you if you want "atsass" with your order, say "Si, gracias!"
3	I have been coming here for years, and I don't plan on ever stopping. This one time photo development booth is now home to the best breakfast burrito around. Has it been shut down due to sanitary issues? Yep. Has it even began to influence whether I'll eat there or not? Nope. Breakfast burritos get five stars, most other food gets four stars, the flies buzzing around and sketchy sanitation get one star.
5	Love love love nico's! ALWAYS yummy! Breakfast burritos are my favorite.
4	Definitely a fan.  I've had their carne asada burrito and the pollo asada burrito.  Excellent.  They have 2 different salsa for spicy and extra spicy.  Each burrito is equal to a meal.  Delicious and cheap.  A hole in the wall type place, but the ingredients are fresh.  They are quick on service too.  They have a wide selection of other entrees and soft drinks.  No alcohol.
3	Decided to go to Nico's for lunch the other day.  The carne asada burrito was awesome as usual. . .the pollo asada burrito was terrible.  It wasn't what i ordered.  It was a really just a chicken burrito.Salsa was good.
5	Looks like a dumpy shack from the road, but don't let looks fool you. This Mexican food is the best in Arizona!! The burritos are huge!!
4	Small shack that reminds me of an old photo-mat. Only a small outside patio and a drive thru. This was my first time here. I ordered a carne asada, and a carnitas tacos. Carnitas was outstanding! Carne asada was very tender although could have used a little more flavor. Overall I like this place and next visit to Casa Grande I'll be back.
