2	This Peruvian restaurant on St. Denise has a really nice going with their setting and ambiance. Neatly designed interior and very cozy service is memorable. Unfortunately there were a lot to be desired for it food. We were there for an early dinner in a beautiful Montreal's June. Ready for a break and good meal after a whole day of walking around. We started with a couple of appetizers, Papa ala Huancaina (potato balls and goatcheese in aji amrilo sauce) and Yuquita Rellena (Fried cassava stuffed with seavood) Both were really good with an absolutely stunning presentation. Such artistic arrangement of shapes and colors on minimalist plates, gorgeous and delicious. The highlight was the sauce for the potatoes. Terrific.For the entree we had Conchas ala guyanabana (Raw scallops with guyanabana lime sauce) and Cudado de mero (Steamed grouper in spicy rocoto sauce) Again these dishes came with impeccable presentation, but this time the taste did not measure up to the look, the scallop was stiff and much to chewy with slight aroma even defying the guyanabana sauce. My grouper seems to be steamed frozen, the spicy sauce couldn't not help. Sorry to say we had to abandon them half way and continue instead to nibble on the peripheral cassava and plantain chips.
4	Being a regular traveller to Peru I've had the chance to sample the real thing.  Mochicas isn't perfect, but overall I love going.The cancha they sometimes serve before you get your food is great.  The papa Ala huancayna is excellent.  The llama dishes are certainly deserving of praise.But what really stands out is the decor.Definatly worth a visit, if only once out of curiosity.  But I'd recommend going twice to sample a few different things
4	I was treated to a delicious meal in this beautiful restaurant with a friend from Peru. I felt like I was in Miraflores or a museum there. Met the chef and owner. The washroom has a surprise.
4	I was excited to find this Peruvian treasure during a recent visit to Montreal. The Pisco Sours were potent. I had a couple varieties of ceviche. Everything was delicious and absolutely Peruvian. The restaurant itself was beautiful with an exposed wine cellar and gorgeous Peruvian art everywhere. I had a great time! A good Pisco Sour is difficult to find outside of South America!
5	Great ambience. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. We had the ceviche for an appetizer, and it was excellent. Great pisco sours too. For dinner, I had the kingfish and my boyfriend had the shrimp. Both were delicious, but the fish took the prize. Both were garnished with exquisitely prepared vegetables, including the best brussel sprouts I've ever eaten. Highly recommended.
2	Rude service.
2	Probably the best looking Peruvian restaurant I've been anywhere outside Peru. This includes Canada, U.S, Mexico and Colombia. I mean, these guys did a great job with decorations. The exotic ceramic works (Huacos) are awesome! . Like I said...excelente!Now, regarding the food, boy, the place fell short. After leaving the place, I was like "meh". Seasoning was needed everywhere. The ceviche was ok. No cancha (toasted corn) and the Lomo was also bland. The pisco drink was good however. My wife (american) who loves pervian food, got the corvina and was also disappointed.I've eaten much better Peruvian food in Miami and NY.Like I said, great place, but I do hope they get a better cook in there and get the sazon back in!!!
5	Mochica is fantastic! The food was amazing. I had aji de gallina that was fabulous. And the drinks were also great. I got a pisco sour that I highly recommend.The owner was our waiter, and he was incredibly friendly and helpful. The ambiance was very relaxed and pleasant. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Montreal.
4	I am a huge fan of Peruvian food so I was excited to eat here. Our server was great. He did a good job of steering us toward the best menu choices and he made a mean Pisco Sour. The table shared an order of ceviche served with corn nuts, of course. For my entree I had the duck and it was delicious, perfectly cooked and falling off the bone. I would certainly eat here again when in Montreal. It's a nice change of pace from the average fare you get at Mexican and other Latin restaurants. If you haven't had Peruvian food, give it a try.
4	Great Peruvian Restaurant in the Maple Country. I'm Peruvian and I must say this restaurant is pretty good. Good selection of dishes, including Llama which is not so frequently found in Lima restaurants given that is our national animal.
