1	I told them I was in a hurry and they told me they could "look at my car right away."  So I sat and waited, expecting to see a mechanic pull my car into the garage any minute.  Ten minutes went by and my car was still parked outside the garage.  I started seething, but I continued to wait.  In another ten minutes, I got up and told the mechanic who I'd seen "looking" at my car while writing notes on his frigging clipboard that I was in a hurry and was told my car would be taken care of right away.He said something like, "We're on it, bro.  We'll have you out of here in no time."  I bit my tongue and folded my arms and waited another ten minutes.  My car remained untouched.  Finally, I'd had enough, got back in my car, and left.  I won't ever take my car to Purrfect Auto again.
1	Dude.so we took our truck there to be serviced on a friday morning before a trip to the snow in utah... basic diagnostic, oil change...that kind of service.. we were told it'd be done that evening and they'd give us a call when we could pick it up. so my husband tells them, please call us tonight... we need the car tomorrow morning. they call us around 4:30 and leave a message on the answering machine  to say they were almost done and that they'd give us a call when we could come and pick it up.. estimated a time of 5-530.  we weren't anywhere crazy that evening since we were waking up at 3am to drive to utah, so there was no way we could miss the call... 6:00 comes around and my husband decides that it's time to call them.no ones picks up...  we live down the street, it takes like 2 minutes to get there in our car, so my husband drives there at around 6:05.  they close at 6 so it would seem that they'd close shop around 6:15-6:20 just to get everything locked and cleaned up...  they were gone.  no one was there.... they don't even have an answering machine, probably cause they get yelled at to much.  when we finally did come to pick my baby they weren't as apologetic as they should have been.  i had my husband demand a percentage taken off for no coming through on their end.... they gave us 20% off and a coupon [that you can get in your mailer] for our next visit. unfortunately, their will be no next visit.
4	I've taken my car here a few times for an oil change and today I had them replace my axles. They were fast, friendly, affordable and knowledgeable. Answered every question I had and taught me a few things as well.
5	Very friendly & didn't try and cheat me at of my money
1	What a rip off! They told me I needed new breaks and I had just had them done a month before. They also threw away my K&N air filter which by the way is washable and reusable and acted like they did nothing wrong. It must have been in pretty bad shape the manager said. Please I take care of my car.
3	I had gone in to get a smog test to renew my registration. I knew I wasn't going to pass seeing that my check engine light was on. When I arrived they seemed very helpful in telling me everything they needed to do in order for them to figure out what the problem was with my car. As I sat there waiting for them they offered my water and snacks while I waited. When it came time to get everything done they quoted me 350 when other shops were quoting me close to 700. I let them work on my car and it only took them about an hour. Once they had it done they told me to drive it for a couple miles and bring it back so that I can pass the smog at no extra charge. Upon my arrive of my next visit he knew me by name and asked if everything was ok with my car. He explained in full detail what they had some and what I needed to do to maintain my car in good condition. This place is where I will always take my car.
1	Been here a few times for oil changes and the service seems to get worse and worse now. I keep going because they are fairly quick and inexpensive. Today when my car is done the guy comes over and the first thing he says is... "no more 9.99 oil changes next month." Ok? Thanks? I think? He told it to me like he was accusing me of abusing the system or something. Stop sending hundreds of coupons advertising cheap oil changes if you are upset about it. So that ticked me off, then he goes to the car with me and tells me I should get the air filter replaced soon. I was pretty sure they replaced it last time so I mentioned that to him and he just said "oh, ok" then he angrily asked the girl at the counter when we went up to cash out how come my replaced air filter wasn't on my paperwork from last time. So... it didn't need to be replaced is what you are telling me. Because if it was on my paperwork from last time it clearly wouldn't have needed to be replaced and you probably would have tried to find some other bullsh*t thing to add to my bill. Urgh... auto shops are so shady and the ones that aren't charge way too much. I may have to start paying more to receive an honest service. How sad is that?Oh and when driving away I realized that they didn't replace my sticker letting me know when I need to return for service. They lost a customer today. I've been putting up with their crap for a while because it was convenient and cheap.
4	I have a very old pieced together vehicle,and last year in desperation for a smog check went too purrfect auto on Durango when all huts turned me away, they did it for a nominal fee and passed!  This year jiffy lube failed me because of high co, well I fixed some things went to this location and only $9.99! They were helpful and friendly. Oh, and the location on Durango mentioned some things I needed to replace, sure enough my water pump went out! I don't think id come here for auto repair, based on the reviews, but I'm sold for smog check!!!
