5	I LOVE z gallerie. 1. they're inexpensive2. great customer service3. unique pieces4. amazing sales5. great online shopping6. sweet qualityI can't get enough of z gallerie. I only enter when I have spending money, otherwise I would go broke or eat peanut butter and beans until the next pay check.
1	Today I really had to question the priority of customer service at Z Gallerie at Kierland Commons.  I wanted to purchase something, but they only had one and it was in the window.  The gentleman who is the manager refused to sell it to me and offered two extremely inconvenient solutions - (1) order one, wait a week and return to the store to pick it up OR (2) drive an hour out of my way to purchase at another store.  As a customer it was extremely frustrating to want to pay for a product that is right in front of me, but the manager won't allow me to buy.  I think this was a last straw.  I will no longer shop at Z Gallerie.  There are plenty of options out there when it comes to shopping.
4	over 20 visits - and no rvw?  wow - i must be loosing it.When I walk through the beautiful shoping district of Kierland, it is always fun to window shop - ok gotta go in! - and touch, feel, ooo, ya - and dream about having my home decorated with all thier furnishings... as soon as i win the lottery.. or something... almost there.  (maybe i should stop travelling......... nah...)anyWHO - you CAN find some GR8 little snags: from candles, to books, vases, martini glasses (always a must, since somehow - not sure why, mine keep getting smashed - maybe goes hand-in-hand with vodka + consumption + beautiful galsses = tipsy, topsy, turvy - crash)I always enjoy looking, (and usually grabbing something i "need" ya, right) and thinking about where or what I might get for a gift - naaaaaaah - for me!  next...
4	Ahh, Z Gallerie... I love this place! As a family, we've been to Zs all over the US and the pictures and housewares area great. I've decorated my office with almost all Z Gallerie items. Once when I couldn't find one of the popular prints they comb their other stores and then started looking in supplier catalogs to find what I was looking for. WOW! Talk about going the extra distance.
4	Z Gallerie is such a fun home decor store that has reasonably priced items and not so reasonably priced items, either way, when I walk by I always have to check it out. If anything they can give you fun decorating ideas for your house.They have really unique furniture and decorative pieces. Everything from dinning tables and chairs, to couches, to decanters, candles, and chandeliers. They also have a really great wall art and mirror selection. It so fun to look around and when they have a sale its so easy to snag a great piece at an awesome price. In addition to home decor they also sell really fun gifts (and gag gifts). They have books about the history of the mustache, mustache cookie cutters, random coffee table books that will make you guests go, "what the random, this is hilarious". You can easily lose track of time by looking at every little item in this store. Customer service can be hit-or-miss. I've never had anyone ask me if I needed help finding something while I was browsing the store (which is nice, cause I like to do my own thing), but when it comes to checking out it can take a little bit of time despite the extra employee behind the counter not doing anything.
4	Great place to look for anything from bedroom sets to a hostess gift - I really love shopping at Z Gallerie.Everything is beautiful & more importantly, affordable. There's usually a sale of some sort going on as well. I will say the customer service is more 'meh' than 'yay'. I love shopping in peace but saying hello is a normal thing to do when walking by a customer, right? Beyond questionable customer service, I am obsessed with this store.
4	Checked in here two Sundays ago, on a rare day off from work, to see if I could find another painting or print to pair with a Ron Burns I'd received as a Christmas present from a friend years ago.  I didn't have any luck finding one of Burns', but I did spot about three or four other framed prints I would enjoy.  However, even with the 20% sale on posters and prints going on, I decided to postpone a spending spree.  (Didn't really have much of a choice, since I'd just left some cash for a lovely handbag at Brighton Collectibles nearby.)I found many items, from large glass votive candle holders and jewel-like salad plates to beautiful bedspreads and accent mirrors, that I wanted to beautify my home with, but as I've mentioned, I really couldn't afford to splurge anymore.  If one was adept at craftwork, one could get so many ideas perusing through this store!  I'll definitely be back!
4	Wonderfully helpful staff.  I came looking for a mirror and found a mirror and then some!  If the store does not have the item you are looking for in stock, they will check other stores within the valley before sending you out and about.  I also found a print that ended up being that last one in the store, so they gave me an additional 20% as clearance discount.  The mirror was too large to walk out to the car so they helped me once I brought the car to the loading area.  Staff is not pushy, and does not push their credit card down your throat.  They will advise you of any promotions however for having their card. Merchandise goes through periods of hot and cold due to buyers, but when it's hot it is hot.  Check this place out.
1	Worst customer service. Preferential treatment goes to white people here for sure after what I witnessed today. Too bad, I was ready to drop at least $2,500 but I went to Restoration Hardware instead. Much better quality there!
3	I do love this store. I have a coworker and her condo looks amazing, which she told me she decorated it almost entirely with things from this store.  I love their accent pillows, currants, candles, etc.  Seems to me like more of a store you go to for adding decor and accent type of things.  So if you purchased a living room set somewhere else and wanted to add cute pillows, lamps, throw blanket, rug, and curtains, then you could come here.The down side is this place is expensive.  I found the perfect shade of navy blue curtains here I couldn't find anywhere else.  Exactly what I envisioned so it was hard changing my mind about anything, but they were hundreds of dollars for curtains.  Perhaps that's the standard, I wouldn't know because everywhere I've lived always came with blinds and I recently bought my first home that was set up for curtains.  But I feel like for $200 I could add a few hundred more on for wood blinds at another store that would last me many years.My coworker ended up finding some beautiful silver lanterns that were between $60-$140 each piece and they weren't that big.  Considering the hefty cost she turned them away which was smart to do.Another reason I just gave them 3 stars and not more is I've been here about 2 times on my own, 6 times with friends and not once has a store worker ever approached us to ask us if we needed help with anything.  In fact, I'm honestly not sure what the workers look like because I really can't remember seeing anyone there.  Do they wear street clothes, business attire, uniforms? I really don't know.  Not that I like being harassed, stalked, annoyed, and followed while shopping with workers giving me their unwanted opinions about what I should buy.  But it doesn't hurt to make an appearance after 15 minutes to make sure the customer doesn't need anything.
