5	What an unbelievable workout! Of all the workouts I do, the Reformer has gotten me the most results and in the shortest time. My husband can see the difference and loves it. I can see and feel the difference and I'm hooked. Melissa is the very best kind of instructor- fun and motivating but pushes you to your best!
5	Core Body Pilates is amazing!!  I have never been to Pilates before but I love it.  I have been going to this studio since it opened and I have notice such a difference in my body.  I am a runner and my over all fitness and running ability has improved tremendously.  I also notice a visible difference in my physical appearance and I have lost 11 pounds.  Melissa and her staff are amazing.  You will be amazed!
5	I can't even begin to convey how much I love Core Body Pilates. Before I went to Core, I had never done pilates before, I'm a total clutz, and I was pretty out of shape. So I was a little worried about going. But I gave it a try during their opening week. Melissa and the other instructors were really patient and super supportive and encouraging. And, more importantly, they made it fun!! I had a blast. I was hooked after just one class and I've been going at least three times a week ever since. I've noticed a big difference in my appearance, and the improvement in my overall strength has helped me with my biking and running. The classes might look easy if you're just watching, but trust me - they're not. You will definitely get a work out, you'll burn calories, you'll gain muscle, your posture will improve...and you'll feel great. Every class is different, so you'll never get bored. And, as your fitness level improves, the exercises can be modified so you will always be challenged. Likewise, if you're a beginner, the instructors patiently explain the techniques and they're great about modifying the positions for you if you have injuries or limitations. And, seriously - it's fun! Everyone is laughing and enjoying themselves, which is so cool. I've done every workout class under the sun - Cross Fit, P90X, kickboxing, spin classes...you name it, I've tried it. But I've never enjoyed any class like the Pilates classes at Core. After three months, I still look forward to class every time I go. I truly love Core, and I'm so thankful for Melissa and her instructors. They really have changed my life.
5	I found out about Core Body Pilates a couple of months after they opened (thanks Yelp!) I was thrilled as Pilates is my favorite method of exercise and there haven't been any great spots within a reasonable distance of my house - until now! I've taken private Pilates classes at a few different studios in Las Vegas, did daily group Reformer classes at another studio post-partem, and have done group Mat and Reformer classes at a few places here in town which are too far away (The Village DC Ranch, Tempe Pilates) Core Body Pilates offers your first class free so that you can experience the studio, which is wonderful. After the first class I signed up for the "Unlimited" package, which is $199 per month. Just a forewarning that the unlimited package is not entirely unlimited: it only covers reformer classes (not Yoga or Barre, which are also offered) and you can only take one class per day. I take about 4-6 classes per week, so the cost is worthwhile on a per class basis. The studio is bright and contemporary and very clean. The reformers they have are neat: they combine the functionality of a reformer with elements of a Cadillac. They have a tower at the end and can convert from a movable reformer into a mat and tower, which really allows a wide range of exercises on one piece of equipment. There are 8 reformers total, so the maximum number of people in a class is 8. They offer private sessions (which I have not done) - their pricing for these is pretty reasonable compared with other places I've gone. They have a couple of Wundachairs that I've seen incorporated into group classes for circuit training (since there aren't enough for all 8 students) but I'd imagine that they make more use of them during private sessions. I have not seen a ladder barrel at the studio, so I don't think they have one for private sessions (which is too bad! Stretching and Sideovers on the Ladder Barrel are one of my favorite things)The schedule is heavy on Jumpboard classes but also includes Tower classes and more general Reformer classes. If you are looking for very traditional pilates on a regular basis: abwork, footwork, "legs in straps", etc, you won't necessarily find that during the group classes.There are several instructors and each one has a unique style. Melissa, the owner and does a lot of the very early classes. She is bubbly, energetic, and her classes are challenging. Her instruction-style is very clear, she usually demonstrates the exercises along with the class but will offer corrections and modifications on certain exercises where needed. She seems to experiment with new exercises in her classes, which you'll then see show up in the other instructors' classes later. Linda's classes are great; again they are challenging but with a focus on good form. She often incorporates some of the things that I happen to enjoy (Short spine, legs in straps) and incorporates small amounts of stretching throughout the class. She has a great energy and her classes are enjoyable. Michelle's Saturday morning class may be my favorite. She is very focused on good form and highlights one of the best things about Pilates: that the smallest movements, done correctly, can be more challenging and successful than super heavy weights and millions of reps. Her classes are well paced but she manages to ensure that everyone receives personal attention and is doing the exercises properly. She will demonstrate but spends most of her time observing and helping students - making corrections and modifications as needed. Michelle is very well spoken and high energy. Nataliya's classes are challenging. I've never thought of Pilates and Boot Camp as existing within the same realm, but that is the closest comparison I can draw for her classes. Heavier weights, more reps, less focus on form and more focus on getting through the exercises. If you are the type who needs to "feel it" to be happy with a workout, then Nataliya's classes may be a good fit for you. A few things that I'd love to see in the future: some sort of expanded reception area - there are no benches outside the studio which means that if you arrive a few minutes early you have to wait outside sortof awkwardly. Creature comforts: Water (all of the other studios I've been to have either bottled water or a water cooler), a clock, and a box of tissues. There are lots of great things about Core Body Pilates: the beautiful studio, great equipment, the very early (5am) and very late (8:30pm) class times which are amazing. They have childcare for some classes which is a unique offering and I'm sure is helpful to one of their target demographics (moms who are home with kids and need the chance to get in a good workout)I think this studio is a great addition to South Gilbert! Based on how full the classes are, they seem very successful already and I look forward to seeing how they expand in the future.
