3	Stopped here to fill up my car.  Nice, wide lanes.  This place has a convenience store and a car wash.....I'm convinced every gas station in Scottsdale has a car wash.Easy access to the 101 and Frank Lloyd Wright....also, to the weird one-way N 87th St stores.Return Factor - 90%
1	The moron oil changer tried to charge me $79.95 for an oil change that cost me $29.95 at Honda. What an idiot. Then the manager said he was correct!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AVOID THESE IDIOTS. THEY ARE CROOKS!!!!!!!
2	Cobblestone offers a high quality car wash along with a discounts at the gas pump.Our family has been coming here for about four years and for the most part we are happy with the service.  There are offers of discount coupons available both on-line and in mailed circulars.  The only drawback is the hard sell on custom work for glass nicks and upgrades.
2	Hit and miss.  I've had details three times on my cars. The quality seems to be tied to who is working there that day. Seems like I never see the same person twice and always get the hard sell.  I've paid for an upgrade and the quality is about the same as the basic detail.  Think I'm done here and will try to find a different car wash service. Maybe there just isn't a decent detail shop in Scottsdale.
5	This is my morning drink spot. Not the cheapest on the block, but directly across from my office building. They have a stamp card, purchase 5 Sodas and the 6th is free, which averages out the prices. Plus its nice to have a bonus morning, where I pay nothing. I've yet to use their car wash services, but I think I should give them a shot. The staff in the store are all exceptional.
1	They wrecked my car twice. 1st it was the bumper, and like an idiot I took my car back and they wrecked the passenger mirror. What a joke!! Customer service is atrocious!! They look forward to telling you to bad!!
1	Last week, I had my 2013 Corvette hand washed at this location. But one of young men who was an attendant was wearing a knife on his belt and as he exited my car, the knife cut into my leather interior and the knife itself, was left in the car. When I brought the matter to the attention of the personnel they shrugged it off suggesting that the tear was merely wear and tear on my "old" Corvette. I took it back yesterday to speak to a manager who did precisely the same thing. He suggested the employees were not permitted to carry such weapons on their person but, this employee did in fact have a very menacing looking knife clipped to his left hip. I mean who ever heard of an employee not following the rules, right?? So the moral of this story is...make sure you take photos of your car before you go to this car wash because if one of their employees is responsible for damaging your car and you do no have a video of them doing so, you are just out of luck. This incident suggests to me that Cobblestone will not take any responsibility for the damage they inflict on your car. So fellow consumers...BUYER BEWARE!!
