5	Place is clean, looks new, server Liz was great and food was really good had a grand slam. Asked for the bacon to be really Krispy and I didn't have to send it back... Just for that I'm impressed, my gf asked for black coffee and the server didnt ask "cream"? So obviously they hire people with some form of intelligence.
4	Very good food! Quick service and very nice servers! Their music is very spotty and seems like it needs to be repaired because it got quite annoying. But overall great place to get breakfast at 5am!
4	Generic Ihop food, cheesy corporate surroundings, but bolstered by outstanding service that elevated a 2.5-star experience to 4 stars. On a previous visit here, the music was so loud we couldn't hear ourselves think, but no such problem this time. Good overall experience for a "chain" breakfast.
5	Every time I come here the place is clean food is hot fresh and fast. I have never had a issue here or slightest to a problem. The waiters " usually female" love my kids and do anything to make them happy and smile. Regardless if that's their job you can alway tell when something is genuine.
2	From the un controllable LOUD kids, their running around, crawling under tables, to the WAY too close booths. I am honestly bummed about this place. If parents don't control their kids, staff should ask them to quite down. I wont be back, to that location at least.
4	This IHOP is on point. Service great. Our server checked on us regularly, but the food did take forever.
3	I was craving pancakes so me and another friend decided to go to IHOP. The one near ASU was closed so this was our last or closest resort. Right when we walked in it was full blast on A/C. I love A/C, but man I was freezing, lol. The customer service was ok. It took about 15 min. to get us our drinks. The food came out in a timely manner, but I didn't like the crispy chicken salad I got. Crepes with strawberries was good. Overall it was alright even though the service was slow, but it looked like there was only one waitress there.
1	Worst food I've had from and IHOP ever. I got half the amount of toast, the hash browns weren't even remotely the size in the picture and the eggs were over cooked. I've gotten better food at a Waffle House on a bad day.
1	TL;DR I got food poisoning and it was awful. I went around 1am on a Wednesday so I wasn't expecting much. I got the steak omelette with hashbrowns my girlfriend got the appetizer sampler platter, and our friend got an iced coffee and a bowl of fruit. I stopped eating the omelette halfway through because the eggs tasted gross and the hashbrowns were burnt. I ate a bit of the sample platter but the onion rings were doughy and the chickens was undercooked. The iced coffee was stale coffee with hazelnut poured in and not nice at all. Once we got home my stomach started cramping and my girlfriend threw up. Don't eat here. At least at night.
2	This IHOP is extremely close to where I live, so I find myself eating here often.  Every time I go to an IHOP I order the same omelette... This IHOP makes this very omelette different every single time- they don't stick with standard recipes and often make my omelette with regular eggs when it's supposed to be egg substitute.  No joke- it is different EVERY single time. Sometimes burnt, sometimes smaller than normal...  Overall, The food is pretty terrible here... But I had to give an extra star for the service.  The servers are all very polite!
1	Not the best crowd, there was a drunk lady customer cursing and wasn't moved until requested by me, very slow service, no one came to the table to take the order after they gave the menu and I had to yell out to just get a server to come to my table, my first time at this ihop, and the worst service I ever had in my ihop history, no complains for other locations yet, but this was the worse. Our server was a polite guy, but this Place has bad management in the sitting area and the kitchen too.
4	Come hangry leave happy. It's an IHOP, so don't expect gourmet food, but within the world of cheap chain restaurants, IHOP is one of my favorites. This particular one isn't the best one I've been too, but it's far from the worst. Food took forever but the server tried hard to keep us happy.
3	it was hopping on a Monday mid morning xmas vacations i guess but not a long wait the service was pretty good the food was good too had the swedish crepes they hit the spot I know its a chain but this one is is great ive been here a few times and never disappointed it does get loud esp with kids but its good for a comfort breakfast
