5	The best! Mike and Shawn were great and made my PT a positive experience.
5	Ahh sports med. I've spent my fair share of time visiting you over the last two years. Figuring out hip injuries is anything but easy. I have seen several different people here and I can't speak highly enough for them. Dr Stone, Sports Medicine. He knows his shit! He even had a resident with him, so I had the pleasure of learning more about my injury while he taught her. I visited for a sports hernia/labral tear. Dr Stone was very straight with me on what was going on. He knew the injury better than anyone I saw over the course of two years. He also knew what doctors could help, in and out of network. He gave me options for what route I go with recovery, made himself available via phone to check in on the results of actions, and was careful to explain everything, asking if I understood partially through feeding me information. If you have a sports injury, he's your guy! Dr Wright, orthopedic surgery. This lady is all business. You have seen many doctors, no need to beat around the bush. She is not the one to go to if you are only set on surgery. Dr Wright is not quick to cut, something rare and very respectable in a surgeon. She did a hip scope on me and informed me that she takes 1/10 people she sees about hip injuries to the OR. Before doing surgery on me I went to several different types of therapy to try to fix the problem conservatively. This is the type of surgeon you want to see. She does a lot of research outside of the OR on the hip, and I would say is on her way to figuring out what all happens in the hip, an area of the body that is well behind the knee as far as medical knowledge goes. She even lengthened the hip flexor, something my PT later told me is really good for hip surgeries, as when they aren't lengthened they can cause many problems. Her explanation to my family on the surgery was very detailed and informative. I am not sure how she has time to accomplish all of the things she does, but I am impressed. Keelan Enseki, PT. Something you learn after having surgery is you spend most of your recovery with your therapist. Keelan is extremely knowledgeable, especially with hips. I can't be thankful enough for being referred to him. Outside of therapy he attends conferences to continue education and also is a professor for students becoming physical therapists. Keelan directs your recovery to your lifestyle and the things you want to accomplish once you have recovered. He listens to what things are bothersome during recovery and suggests things to do at home to help fix the issues. A must see PT for people with hip injuries! I am so impressed with the knowledge and talent UPMC Sports Med is full of. For all injuries sports related, this is your place.NOTE: If you are seeing a doctor, get an appointment in the early am. All doctors tend to be behind schedule in the afternoon.
