3	Rebel is the cheapest option in the immediate area that I know of... sure, I'm not a local, but I've been here (and up and down Flamingo) enough to know that other places charge about $.10/gal more than this place.  There's another gas station about a mile east of this place that charges $0.07/gal MORE, but that's about as close to Rebel as you're going to get.  You don't have to use only debit cards, either!  I hate using my PIN code in public areas, especially gas stations, so I appreciate the fact that this place allows you to process transactions as credit instead of debit.  It's a little more "bare bones" here, and sure, there was a guy offering to wash your car windows for some cash, but it's a tough economy here and he's trying to do what he can to make a few bucks.  I'll be buying my gas when I'm in town from this place every chance I get.  For a higher rating:1. I know times are tough and the economy isn't looking to get better anytime soon, and I know that profits from gas sales must not be high since the gas is so cheap compared to other places.  But the facilities could use a little upgrade.  They're getting a bit run down.  2. Access to pumps isn't the easiest at this place compared to some other well-designed stations out there.  It's on the southwest corner of Flamingo, so to access a pump I had to drive in to an open pump so that it was on the right side of my car.  Only problem is, the tank is on the left.  It was a slightly tight stretch to reach the tank from the nozzle because the hose doesn't stretch.  Sure there might be some wasted gas because of the longer line and all, but maybe a couple extra feet of line with a retractable tether could help out a bit.
3	So i checked the app, cheap gas! on my iphone and this was almost the cheapest gas on this stretch of flamingo road. Needed a place to get a tank before my trip back to LA since i'm not driving one of those gas misers.Also, helped that the convenience store had 2/$2 bottles of soda so i get my caffeine fix
4	In Las Vegas if you need the cheapest gas look for Rebel. The best thing they accept credit cards. There is plenty of local traffic at the pump. All you have to do is drive on Flamingo towards the airport and at corner of  paradise and Flamingo this station is located.At $3.60 for regular the gas is a lot lower then California.The also have a mini mart.So in Vegas look for Rebel for gas.
3	go here for the well priced powerades & they sell backwoods fresh ones ! customer service could be better on certain days but hey cant complain
3	This is well just another gas station and convenience store...but it is a good option for buying some necessities vs. paying your hotel prices.  If you're staying at a place off of Tropicana this is within walking distance to pick up some simple stuff such as bottled water, small sandwiches and other snacks when you want to eat/drink/stock up on a budget.  I made several walks here from my hotel to buy water and even a cheap $3 sandwich here and there to hold me over when the local liquor store wanted $4 for a gallon of water vs $2 here (not cheap by any means but I'll take it over $4!) and my hotel was selling lame sandwiches for $6.
5	I stay right down the street and love this location. It is only 85 cents for a 32 ounce soda. There is no bathroom for general use unfortunately, but that is common in a lot of places. The employees are pretty friendly and seem to enjoy their job. I love their two for a dollar hot dogs!!! That cannot be beat!
