1	The attitude of these guys sucks
5	Excellent food, great, friendly service! Great variety of dumplings. Salads are fresh and good.  Smoked salmon salad with balsamic and So Beefy Dumplings are just amazing. Ying/Yang specialty drink is unique and taste great.  A Madison food cart must try.
1	Someone said I should rate the food not the people.If i go someplace and the people running it are rude or jerks, it does not matter how good the food is.  I do not reward  their lack of appreciation for my $$$.  I enjoy this type of food and thought this had the potential  to be a favorite but I won't go back BECAUSE OF their arrogant attitude.
5	At first I thought- okay, regular dumplings are pretty easy to make and kinda boring with typical ground pork and green onion type filling.  And if you have the time to make them, they're not that expensive.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw SoHo. I definitely did not want to pay for overpriced traditional dumplings.  BUT SoHo blew my mind away with their creative flavors.  My favorite is the So Hot Chick flavor- it is spicy and creamy and comes with this yummy dip. I just finished eating some dumplings and I licked clean the tiny plastic cup that the sauce comes in.  I think the price is also very reasonable- 3 for $2.50.  Their special today was mac and cheese and it was 3 for $3.  On Tuesday nights, the food truck sits near my house on Midvale Avenue near the softball field at Midvale Elementary.  The owner says they'll be there indifintely- at least through fall.  When I went there, I saw a gal bring her own little lunch box container to buy the dumplings- great idea!  Also, the truck guy says they're gonna serve rice congee for fall.  Yum!  During the week at lunchtime, the food truck sits at the corner of Main and Carroll near the Capitol.  It's food that is easy to eat when you're walking and it's super yummy.  Please support this food truck.
2	If an item on the menu has a large "100% vegan" graphic next to it, it should NOT be covered in real cheddar cheese.  Just sayin...Otherwise, the "vegan" options (after actually veganizing them) were ok.  But it bugs me when a place pretends to care, so 2 stars.
4	The dumplings are really good and reasonably priced. The So Beefy and So Authentic are *So* good.The salad was a bit of a let down. Salad in a bag with a bit of bacon and tomato with some ginger wasabi type dressing. I probably wouldn't get that again.
5	When on the Capital Square there are lots of good food carts.  I have to say my #1 is SOHO Gourmet Cuisines! This cart sells fusion dumplings that are made with some flare, salads and unique drinks. . I have been to this cart on multiple  occasion and  I have tried many of their offerings of dumplings, salads and drinks.  My personal favorite are the SO BEEFY! the dipping sauce is amazing, It offers a little bit of spice and great flavors. My favorite Special is the MAC & CHEESE! .all i can say is WOW!  A new special I just tried yesterday was BARBECUE PORK (great flavors) with Pineapple Salsa sauce and it is fantastic as well.On Farmers Market Days they offer 2 BREAKFAST DUMPLINGS, what could be better than breakfast in a dumpling.   If you like a lighter meal the salads are fresh and good as well. The homemade dressings are light and fresh.  They make a spicy ranch sauce that is good on ALL their dumplings.  Watermelon Spritzer is a great drink and it is very refreshing. This is a must go to cart for me.  Customer service on this cart is great and the prices are amazing!
4	Alright, peeps.  I do not love that I can not mix and match.  However, I love these dumplings.  The "So Beefy" were standard dumplings.  Good, but skip it and try something else.  I had the spicy chicken dumplings.  I am so in love.  I could have eaten a tub of these.  A TUB!  The sauce that went with them was the perfect match.The dumplings were hot and juicy inside.  The spicy chicken was flavorful but not overpowering the spice.  I have wanted to try to place for SO long and FINALLY I have!  Would it be bad to say I want to marry them?  Perhaps I will just stalk them and have my way with them whenever I can.  Either way, love is in the air and in the dumplings!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said??!  My mouth is watering just attempting to write a review!  Great value, phenomenal taste...  Dipping sauces?  To die for...  YOU HAVE TO GO!!  Hopefully they'll open other carts/locations soon : )
4	Not baaaaad! Not bad at all. The dumplings are awesome (especially with the So Original sauce) and the guys that run the cart are super friendly and professional. The one thing I didn't love was that my ginger salad was a little heavy on the dressing. I'll definitely be back, though, and I'm excited to try some of their other kinds of dumplings and soups.
4	I liked these dumplings the first time I tried them in the summertime.  More Asian fusion and other ethnic food trucks in Madison, please!
5	I enjoyed it greatly. The spicy chicken dumplings were the best! Perfect spice and the dipping sauce was delicious!  Service was fast and friendly and informative. Keep up the good work! Also the price of the food is perfect.
5	The SoHo Gourmet food cart is so yummy. The So Chick dumplings are my favorite. The salads compliment the dumplings very well. Love that new rice boxes are being offered this year. I had a sample of the rice today. It was really good. I knew I should gotten out earlier.
5	Very interesting cart. I was drawn in by their dumplings and I have to give it up to the SoHo food cart for their unique approach on Asian dumplings. My favorite was their Hot Chick, which is buffalo chicken flavored. The best part about it was that they fry it up like a potsticker. Great contrast in texture. They also serve rice dishes too. The special of the day for the day was BBQ pork served with rice. But this wasn't like your everyday BBQ pork you'd have at a barbecue. This tasted just like the authentic BBQ pork I've eaten in Hong Kong (Funny enough the owner was from Hong Kong, which made a lot of sense). The pork taste just like Hong Kong style BBQ pork should. It was sweet and tangy with just enough char on it to compensate for the sweetness. It also came with the authentic ginger scallion sauce which was amazing. It came with a soy sesame salad, but how I wish the entire box was filled with the BBQ pork rice. And for $8 it beat buying a plane ticket back to Hong Kong because this was as authentic as you can get!
2	Really friendly and engaging owner. Willing to talk, work with you on orders, etc. Problem is, the dumplings (though very creative and exciting) do not deliver on taste. Inadequate fillings for the flavor profile. Beef dumplings have a very small meatball within, mac & cheese dumplings contain a couple pieces of mac noodles with little flavor. I really wish I liked it, but it's just bland and pricey dumplings that get good reviews due to their creativity.
4	The Korean bbq pork lunch box with kim chi and pickled cucumbers was knock your socks off good.  Such a welcome addition to the Capitol area food cart scene.  And thanks for the friendly vibe.
4	I had gotten a Restaurant.com coupon to try SoHo.  I am so glad I did!  Lunch was delicious!  The Dumplings and Lemon so Balsamic salad with Salmon fabulous!  The young guy that waited on me was adorable.  So very personable, nice and fun!!  Is that So?  I got there too late to try the rice dishes. But, will come earlier next time for lunch.  Am looking forward to coming back very soon.  ;)
4	Had the 6 dumpling combo with 1/2 salad. I tied the traditional pork dumplings, spicy chick dumplings and the lemon grass salad. Salad was refreshing. Both her pork dumplings and spicy chick dumplings were very good, but the spicy chick dumplings were the standout. I found the pork dumplings a bit bland, but good. The two dipping sauces were good. The soy based one was as you would expect. The creamy mayo style sauce paired really nicely with the spicy chick dumplings. For $8 bucks this food cart provides a bargain lunch option. I'll be back.
1	I don't like to write bad reviews. But our experience today at the SoHo food truck was probably the worse culinary experience I've had in Madison.We were at the Willy Street Fair and hungry. SoHo Truck offered dumplings, 6 for $6 and the varieties sounded delicious. We had three mac 'n cheese and 3 pork dumplings. The mac 'n cheese was okay. Definitely uninspired and bland. But the pork was just gross. And the sauce it came in was even worse. I'm not sure if they were undercooked or just miscooked, judging by how happy other folks seem on here, but these were bad.
