4	Again, I prefer the Dowd YMCA because it's huge and has pretty much anything you'd EVER want from a gym. I head to the Gateway Y when I need a quick treadmill work-out or lift and nothing else. The Uptown Y provides a nice middle-ground. Located right off Tryon at the heart of downtown, the Uptown Y is super convenient: you can walk there during a lunch break or immediately after work. It's not as big as the Dowd, but it has great equipment and classes, and it's pretty modern after recent renovations. There's a half-court basketball set-up, which allows for pick-up games and shooting. i prefer the full-court action at the Y, but this isn't a bad alternative. The best thing at Uptown branch, though, is its huge pool--great for laps and other water workouts. Check it out: it's impressive. Overall, this gym has a really new, clean feel, which is obviously something you'd want from a gym. Never too crowded, either.
4	While the Dowd is less than 1.5 miles away from the Uptown location, I imagine this particular YMCA is super convenient to the folks who work Uptown. Yes, durr. But, I do prefer the Uptown Y over Gateway for a couple reasons....not only because its closer but...because:-This Y has a nice variety of mid-day group classes, granted they can be pretty crowded at times with all those bankers workin' up a sweat before they head back to work-There is a nice variety of weight equipment and cardio machines arranged in a half moon fashion around the basketball courts (these courts are nice, too)-If you're a swimmer, this is a convenient spot to get your laps done-And I just realized that there is a running track upstairs...who knew?!-Free parking in the Hilton garage - just make sure to park in the correct spots and validate your ticket on your way out of the gymSo, while I typically hit up the Dowd, the Uptown (Childress Klein) location is a nice option if I prefer to run to the gym or catch a specific group class. *FYI: If you're interested in the group yoga classes, go to the front desk first and get a pass. The actual yoga room is down the last elevator bank and through the glass doors. You need a pass to get through security.
4	Alright gym rats, in the spirit of full disclosure let me open by saying I occasionally teach a range of group-ex classes here.  I think I pay more in taxes than I actually net on the small amount of additional income it gets me, so I'd hope any bias I have is well-tempered.As someone whose been to almost all the county's Ys, I'm a big fan of the C-K.  Tucked into the Wachovia (now Wells Fargo???) One building, and adjacent to the Hilton, this beacon of sweat calls to the uptown corporate crowd and those in town for just a few nights.  Hint: almost all the traveling shows for the performing arts center give their crew and cast passes to come and use this Y.  I've met dancers, singers, and performers of most of the bigger shows here.  Humorist David Sedaris (and his sister), for example, were in town recently for a one night performance- they both came to swim and had a great time (he even mentioned the visit during the show!).So why this Y?  3 main reasons.  First, this place is not so gargantuan that you would get lost making your way from the lockers to the gym floor.  This also means the crowds are manageable and people tend to know the other people around.  I don't find this so much at the Dowd, for example.  The friendly aires here are just a little more appealing both for motivational and enjoyment of the visit purposes.  Second, the cardio and weight equipment is well-maintained and logically laid out.  They just put in new free weights and redesigned that part of the gym with some new machines to boot- which was a nice upgrade.  People here generally care enough to wipe down the machines after they are done and don't mind letting you work in for sets.  When you are on a schedule, this helps.Third, everything you want is here in one place.  Group Ex classes, a pool, an indoor track, personal training and basketball half court.  If you get hungry, check out the food bar at the entrance- it's get a nice selection of food options that aren't fried or wrapped in cheese and bread.  I also find at least the men's locker room to be amply sized, with plenty of shower stalls, a steam room, a sauna, and plenty of lockers for day use.  Lunchtime tends to be busiest, but the early morning crowd gets decently sized too.  The after work rush is much more subdued lately, no real idea why.  If you want the place almost to yourself, come in between 8:30 am - 11:00 am or 2:30 pm - 5:00 pm.  Amazing how things empty out then.  One note of clarification- parking is free for up to 2.5 hours in the Wachovia/Hilton deck so long as your are out before 8:30 am or enter after 4:30 pm.  The times do not apply on the weekends, though I am sure the gym here is closed completely on Sundays.  Whatever you do, just make sure you stamp your parking ticket with the Y stamp at the entrance.  The parking deck attendants have little mercy for those who do not follow the restrictions.  Comprende?I'm a morning person and the best part of this gym, for me, is the community of regulars who also make the daily pilgrimage to burn some calories before the sun rises.  There are some serious athletes who train like crazy and some desk jockeys who live for their exercise highs outside of the office (that's my hand raised in the back of the room).  In all, it is a great mix of people who will open up if you take the time to talk to them.  Join one of the early morning running groups or become one of the die-hards looking for some self-inflicted punishment in one of the boot-camp style fitness classes- whatever your flavor of exercise, you can find it here and all in one nice, compact easy to access place.
4	The Childress Klein (or Uptown) Y is the best place to get in a great workout during the day if you work in that area. There are plenty of cardio and weight machines, free weights, a pool, two basketball courts, and an indoor track. The facility is very clean and well maintained, and the staff and group exercise instructors are always pleasant and helpful.Speaking of classes, the Uptown Y also has a cycle area and a multipurpose room for classes on top of one of the basketball courts. There are a ton options, including strength, athletic conditioning, cycle, kickboxing, yoga, pilates, etc (you get the point)...all to help you work up a sweat during your break. The woman's locker room is very clean and plenty big, so you won't have to worry that you'll be stacked on top of the other patrons when trying to get ready; I would think the men's would be the same, but can't tell you for sure!A couple of tips before heading to the gym:1. The cardio machines and swim lanes fill up quickly over the 12-1pm lunch hour, so better to go before/after that time or plan to run on the track upstairs.2. Parking is free before 8:30am and after 4:30pm for 2.5 hours if you get your ticket validated at the front desk, but sometimes during weekdays the deck is full, so you'll have to find alternate parking (which is not free).3. If you plan to do a class in the multipurpose room, you'll have to exchange your Y scan card at the front desk for a special pass as it is across the hall and through security.
4	My go to gym during the week for several years!  The convenience can't be beat if you work uptown.  I've tried Dowd, and the gateway location would be a hassle to jump on and off the trolley.  Everything you could ask for in a gym.....classes, equipment, swimming, basketball courts, track, lockers and towel service!  Not sure of the management as the staff has been constantly changing here lately.
5	I recently visited this facility visiting Charlotte, NC. One note, I'm not sure why they have this 301 S. College st. address unless it's for mailing purposes only, because they is nothing that a new, unfamiliar visitor can use knowing this address that will help you find this Bat Cave. The address on the outside of the building says something TOTALLY different, and unrelated to '301' 'College' or 'St'. But, after calling the staff help me via telephone to find their location. I was very impressed with the facility and its cleanliness. All cardio equipment has there own cleaning spray and towels, which is very convenient, in that you don't have to walk all around trying to find out where the cleaning materials are located. I also took the Body Pump class with Sue M. and another young lady. The class was great and I'd suggest others to take it as well.Also, I got a chance to watch the Zumba class (instructor by Ms. B (*I can't remember her name at the moment))..but it looked very entertaining to say the least.Great job to the staff I'll definitely recommend this facility and will consider returning to it on my next Charlotte, NC visit.
4	I've been coming to the CK-Y for about 2 years since I started working uptown, and I really do love it.  The showers are always very clean, there are always towels, and the staff and instructors are always very kind and helpful.  It is such a blessing to be able to get in a workout on my lunch break.  Tim's Athletic Conditioning (not for the faint of heart) is intense, but SO worth the blood, sweat, and tears, and Shari's BODYFLOW on Monday and Thursday is by far the best yoga-type class I've ever taken.  She's a great teacher.  My only complaint is that they charge $10 per guest.  If I want to bring someone that is visiting me from out of town or something, it's very inconvenient.  Other than that, A+!
3	I, like most everyone else who works in uptown, frequent this YMCA during my lunch.  It definitely gets crowded at that time, so if you can make it here during off-hours, it is a decent gym. Very clean and nice locker rooms.  Plus, I once lost a necklace here, and the cleaning staff found it and gave it back to me, so props for that.I do have some serious issues with this gym, though. I am a group exerciser, so my main problem is with the group exercise facilities, which seem to have just been thrown together without much thought. Most of the classes are just randomly held in one part of the gym that is separated from the rest of the gym by sheer netting. As a result, when you're exercising the entire gym can (and usually does) stare at you. There also isn't a mirror anywhere for you to check your form. The YMCA actually has a proper group exercise room hidden away in another part of the building where a few classes are held, but it isn't clearly marked at all, plus you have get a special pass from the front desk to even get to it--very inconvenient.  The spin classes are held in the middle of the running track , so while you are spinning, joggers, often engaged in loud conversation, are constantly running by you, which is pretty annoying.  In general, the classes taught here tend to be different than at other YMCAs--the instructors are older and the classes are very Jane Fonda-esque.  I've been to a lot of them and have found the spin classes and the Body Pump (group weightlifting) classes to be the most challenging and have the best instruction. I've never been to the Athletic Conditioning class, but it seems pretty intense, too.  That said, in general, I don't think the classes are as hard as what you find at the Dowd or the Gateway (the Turbokick classes here are in no way as good as the ones at Gateway and the Dowd YMCAs).This gym does have great pool going for it. Unfortunately, it tends to be packed with jerky triathlete types who either don't know how or don't care to properly share the lanes. Again, when it is off-hours, the pool is much better. While this Y does have parking in the basement of the building, but it is a little dicey to get around, and I believe parking is only free during off hours.
3	If you are a stickler like I am for a treadmill with a tv then you wont like this YMCA.  The treadmills face the tvs which are mounted on the wall and they also face the basketball courts which is kind of interesting sometimes hehe ;-)   They have to work out a different arrangement for the towels - other YMCA's have the towels on a shelf and then you throw the used ones in a bin.  This location keeps the clean towels in a bin.  People going by not used to this will just throw their used towel in without looking and 'pollute' the clean ones.  Geez just make this consistent with your other locations YMCA so people dont do this!But if you are in a time crunch and you work uptown you can get used to this tiny location.  Don't forget parking is free after 4:30PM!!!
5	I was staying at the Hilton next door and got access to the YMCA.  Nice!  One of the days, I woke up with a sore throat.  Headed to the gym anyways, but started coughing horribly just as I checked in.  Had to walk out to clear my throat then went back in and hopped on an elliptical machine.  The lady at the front desk was so nice!  She brought me a cup of water because she noticed that I was coughing so much earlier.  Amazing service!  Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.  Going to have to look into it for sure.
5	I prefer CK YMCA to Dowd during the week. For one thing, it's less crowded. I also feel that people are a bit more "real" at CK... I don't feel underdressed when I'm working out and people actually talk to you -whereas at Dowd I feel a bit inferior because I don't own any Lululemon & I actually take my makeup off before working out. Don't get me wrong, there are some great people at Dowd & you'll find me there most Sundays -but for a middle class person that works in uptown, I find CK way more welcoming & a better workout environment than Dowd during the work week.
4	Way back when, I used to work downtown... this was the Y I would frequent during lunch to get a workout in.  I loved the facilities then and they've even recently updated everything (March 2014).  Looks like they moved around some staff offices and gave members more workout space.The renovation brought super clean/modern look to the place and added food/snack bar which is so great especially for the after workout refueling routine.I can't really say much about the ladies locker room, but the guys locker room has gotten a major face lift and is a nice space to change and get ready in.  I've started recently swimming so the pool facilities here are great and the Y provides towel service, so you don't have to have a wet towel in your gym bag or call all day after a morning swim.  I did talk to one of the lifeguards and he said the 2nd phase of the renovation will happen and the pool will be updated - exciting stuff, however with the Dowd pool, and MAC pool being renovated at the same time, this place will start picking up with swim traffic (anticipated).... we will see, but for now I do like my "controlled drowning" to be kept to mostly myself.Just when you thought you couldn't have a Y in a tight space due to downtown limitations, the CK YMCA both amazes and fufills their duties in providing great services to their members and their community.
