4	Fried Okra and Sweet Sweet Tea!  That's all you really need to know, well at least for me that was really the only things on the menu that I could eat.  This place is big on burgers and chicken sandwiches.  My friend said that his burger was extra juicy with a meaty tomato stacked on top.  Carnivores love it!  The fried okra was great, a staple southern side, and the sweet tea is very sweet.  If you are from the north, don't mess with it start with something a little more bland.  I like my sweet tea to taste like sugar water and lemons.  This is a good place to go for a quick lunch.
5	Great Gyros! Its a hidden secret. Yum! Cheap prices too.
4	I almost hate to write a good review......because I will let my little secret gem be found by the masses.So, let's just start this by saying that this place was started in 1987.  It's tucked away off the road, right across from the NC National Guard Armory on Morris Field Drive, near the NC Aviation Museum.From the outside, the place shows its age, and as I see it, these folks are just too darn busy cooking up some good food, to tend to the classic vintage facade.The inside is your classic 80's area seating....nice comfortable vinyl seats. I do mostly take out here only because my coworkers love this place, and we just do not get enough time to enjoy it here.  You need to get there early, because after 11:30 the place gets packed.The food is consistently good and always ready when I get there.  I have always been pleased with the service, quality, and speed at which these folks operate.Ok, so, take my advice, eat here, but please do me a favor and wait till after 11:30am,  so I do not feel so bad about letting you know my favorite little eating place during the week.I have enclosed a few pictures for your savory enjoyment.NCFoodGuy
4	We just ate here for the 1st time today and it was really good. The food is great and I couldn't believe the cheap prices.  Its definitely a hole in the wall but the staff is very friendly.
4	Use to go here all the time for lunch. Always crowded at lunch time. Everyone that worked there was very friendly.  Had good fish sandwiches, great fried okra and fried chicken wings (big ones). And yes, it is a hole in the wall.
4	They have one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I have ever had.  I was blocked in traffic due to the president taking off at the airport, so when I ordered my food to pick up, they literally brought it out to my car for me.  They are the nicest people.
4	This is one of those local hidden gems.  Could the walls use a painting?  Probably.  Could the interior be slightly updated?  Probably.  Does any of it matter?  Probably not.  The sanitation grade was 96.  The food is cheap, good, and fast, and the people are friendly.  Order at the front and they will bring the order to your table.  $5.05 plus tax for a killer steak pita dripping with mayo and dressing plus a bunch of good fries?  I'll be back.
3	I've lived down the street from Mr Gs for almost six years. Good gyros and cheap. Sadly, I would go much more, especially in the morning, if the coffee was better. My daughter lives down the street as well. When she worked next to Pressley Park Restaurant  on Pressley Road, she would drive all the way back over to eat lunch at Mr Gs!  Lol
4	So, it seems that I order breakfast a lot from this place because I literally call in my order and before I can offer my name, the voice on the other end says: "Thanks, Michelle! We'll see you in a few minutes!"  Geez!  Am I that predictable? lol  Honestly, I think they take time to remember the regulars and that says something to me... The food is priced fairly, tastes great and doesn't leave me ready to slump over my desk after I finish it... I've been for lunch a few times and it was great as well, but I truly enjoy their breakfast special (one egg, one meat, grits or hashbrowns and toast for around $3)... Their lemonade is also worth a shot... It's not too sour or too sweet, just the way I like it...
4	The best bang for your buck... Literally! Cheapest meal for one of the best taste in the area... Serving great all American dishes like burgers and such...
4	Awesome Philly cheese chicken sandwich and fries.  Great for lunch!  Small eatery feel. Friendly staff
4	Never even heard of this place, but apparently this is a popular joint for airport employees and Air Force workers across the street. It's another hole in the wall burger/sandwich place (I love them!). It looks a little dumpy on the outside, which never scares me off. The inside was just as bad looking, can we say tacky all the way? What they lack in decor, however, they make it up with low prices and big portion of food. My gyro was $4.75 and came with a side. It was good too, the slices of gyro was still warm, stuffed in a soft warm pita with plenty of lettuce, tomato & onion and tzatziki sauce. The tzatziki sauce was a good compliment to the sandwich instead of being a distraction (sometimes they are too tart or garlicky or herby). The onion rings were the typical frozen corn meal ones, so I say stick with fries instead... why can't I be pleasantly surprised with beer batter ones?!  All in all, this is a great cheap place to eat near the airport even for a non airport area employee like myself.
5	My favorite spot to grab lunch in CLT. EVERYTHING is good here. Very consistent. I've been probably a hundred times or more in the last 9 years or so. Very good and very cheep!
1	Terrible! I'm just now getting over this horrible stomach bug caused by his place. I ended up paying $10.92 for a salad, water, and a small tiramisu. Needless to say, that price is ridiculous! You should never have to pay that much at lunch time for that little amount of food. Speaking of the food, in the salad, there was an egg and so I out it on a napkin because I don't like eggs. The waitress came by and asked how it was and I told her that I didn't like the egg. Instead of taking it or saying "hey sorry about that" or something to the effect, she just walked off. The tiramisu was awful, it tasted like someone tried to make banana pudding and failed. If you like tiramisu like I do, go to Olive Garden or SAMs club around Christmas. You will not be disappointed like you will here. Needless to say, I'm never going back.
4	This is a well kept secret, serving size is awesome, flavors on point, great sweet tea.  This is spot of the flight crew,etc.  I discovered this space will with USAir.  You gotta go.
4	Lots of good food for a small price. Good service. Try the Gyros. They're great. Good fries. Fresh salad
