4	Family style restaurant located off of Park Road near the Black Lion (almost to Highway #51). They have daily specials at reasonable prices. I had the chicken pita and it was delish!!!! I am always looking for a restaurant that has good vegetables and basic dinner items at reasonable prices. Comfortable seating, diner style interior. Large menu with burgers, pitas, salads, beef tips, chicken tips, meatloaf, bar-b-que plate, spaghetti, etc.Not quite sure why Yelp said this is in Ballentyne - its not!
5	Your basic Greek Diner with something on the menu for everyone.  For breakfast they have great Eggs Benedict. Overall good home cooked food at reasonable prices and filling portions.  Blue plates for lunch and dinner. Oh yeah and great service.
4	I give Park Place about 3.75 stars.  Park Place Restaurant is a Greek diner that is on Park Road almost out to 51.  It is located in what used to be Courtney's.  The inside of the restaurant is very large and even when there is a good crowd plenty of tables are normally available.  I actually think they might run out of parking before they ran out seating inside.  Much like the Landmark (a Greek diner on the East side of town Park Place reminds me of) the menu is large with many options. Also much like the Landmark, I am not sure how often some of the items on the menu get ordered.  I normally stick with the Park Place salad which is essentially a chef's salad with a grilled chicken breast instead turkey or ham.  I have tried the Reuben sandwich and a few breakfast items also and all were good.  I did have some broiled fish there once, but that wasn't quite on par with the other items I have had there.  The wait staff has always been good and the restaurant has always been clean so that is a positive.  Normally Park Place is someplace I go for lunch when work is slow and read the paper and eat a leisurely meal.  As I said previously if you have been to the Landmark this pretty much the same idea in Pineville and I would put it as one of the better Greek diners in town.  I have never tried the desserts, but I am guessing the Landmark has them beat there which is no mark against Park Place.  The crowd at Park Place is normally pretty diverse and it seems like a place a wide section of people seem comfortable.  I think the spaced out seating helps with this and the fact that you can have a cup of coffee without feeling rushed or crowded is part of the attraction to me.
4	Just what you'd expect from a Greek diner. Has a wide menu of diner standards, really great service and they make at least some of their desserts on the premises.Good place to bring kids, reasonable prices, and the place is quite clean = worth a visit if you happen to be nearby.
4	Park Place really falls under the heading of "your home restaurant" the same way as you have a home church or bar.If you're driving by 51 and 485, stuck at CMC Pineville, or just need a good place to eat, this is the place.If there is anything unusual about the menu, it's the depth. No matter your tastes, you'll find something you like; and it'll be good. I have yet to be disappointed there.Eggs in the morning, a sandwich for lunch, and a filling dinner. On those days when I'm out and hungry, there's no better place to go.When I tire of burgers and chicken fried steak, there's the Greek salad or giro. I like their chicken livers -- they're always good. Breakfast is breakfast. I order the way I want it, they cook it like I tell them and I eat it. That's worth a star all by itself.The portions are generous and the prices reasonable. The wait staff are attentive without being clingy . . . unless you're a regular . . . then everyone from the owner on down stops by to say 'hello.'
5	Great place for breakfast! Food is delicious and you get heft portions. Service is excellent and the owner comes to your table and greets you with a smile. Will definitely hit this place up again for breakfast when I visit SC again.
3	Food is very good. Great home cookin' style food and large menu. Wait staff is nice however hostess and the cashier at front register almost always sour and rude. Got sarcastic remarks when trying to order take out. Too bad cuz food is good but rude staff is enough to make me not want to go back.
4	My favorite for breakfast & lunch.  Breakfasr specials come out quck and are affordable.  Huge menu options plus daily specials.  Try the fried squash!
4	Went here yesterday for dinner.  just 5 minutes from the mall in pineville.  The place looks nice both inside and outside.  Hubby chose one of the special blacked grouper.  I had the mariated chicken tips on a bed of rice with grayy on side came with grill peppers and onions.  Both was good.  Came with rolls and corn muffin, my meal came with generous fresh salad, soup (chicken soup)  and 1 side ( green bean).  nice portions for the price of only $ 7.95.  Service was excellent.  Will be back to try the breakfast next time!
4	I have to say that this is my spot. I have only had breakfast there quite a few times because they are the only place (besides shomars but they stop making at a certain time) that makes homefries, not hashbrowns but homefries. Cooked up with some onions, eggs with cheese and some turkey bacon, topped off with either a decaf coffee or apple juice......................can you say YUMMY. Plus they have daily specials which makes it even better. Love me some homefries and this is def the place for me..............;-D
4	As far as food goes, it was great!! SUPER HUGE PORTIONS for a small price. homey atmosphere and quite welcoming, the only thing I didn't like was that we had to wait about 5 minutes before someone even glanced out way, Had to grab someone to come help us out. Mistakes happen, rest of the experience was awesome and food was delicious. (try the texas fries app!!)
4	I woke up early in need of some good food. I wanted to try the Midnight Diner buttttt they had a line out the door. Went to another place sat ordered drinks only to find they didnt serve breakfast (passed 11:00).Welp. We ended up here. (Usually our 1st or 2nd option, I was near center city at the time which is the reason I started out at The Midnight Diner)We come here at least 2 a month. Love the food. Great TEA.. Not too sweet. Great prices. Friendly Ppl (patrons & employees). I've never had to send any food back.ThIS time I was stuck on what to order. (When that happenS I just narrow it down and ask the waitress to pick. The choices I narrowed down to was THE FAMOUS "GYRO". the PANCAKE COMBO. THE CAROLINA SKILLET (see pic)Food was great as usual,
1	Food:All three of us ordered different dishes, but all three tasted like they were cooking on an old greasy grill. Nothing to write home about.Decor:Friendly, neighborhood restaurant with comfy seating, comfortable lighting, and reasonable noise level.Service:Wait staff is attentive and informative, but not skilled at arithmetic.  Recommend that you add up your own bill.
4	Diner food and there ain't nothing wrong with that! Without even reading the menu, my eye caught the specials board and I had the two eggs and pancakes special With coffee and tip, well under $10. A pretty good deal for a nice sit-down breakfast.I would absolutely return!
4	Totally awesome lunch specials!!! And these are only $6.59!!!We decided to try something different today and opted for what we hoped would be some good home cooking!!! And boy were we glad we stopped in! They have awesome lunch specials and it's sooo much food for such a great price!Our waitress was awesome! We told her it was our first time so she offered us tons of suggestions! I decided to try the porkchops, rice and gravy and macaroni and cheese and my friend got the beef tips over rice, fried squash and macaroni and cheese. Super yummy!!!The porkchops were fried perfectly! Two big porkchops on top of a piece of break, the gravy was delicious and the mac and cheese was so creamy!My friend's beef tips were coated with a very delicious seasoning! The gravy and onions and peppers were really a nice touch to add tons of flavor! And this was my first time trying fried squash but it was delicious! Crispy on the outside and super tender squash inside....YUMMY!!!!Overall, this place gets an A from me...its worth it for the amount of food that you get and the variety that they offer! I cant wait to go back and try something else!
3	Basic Synopsis: Clean, inexpensive, old-school, diner.The waitresses are simply the best: accommodating, very friendly, efficient, and cheerful.Food is solid.  Nothing to write home about, but it's consistently good, fresh, and portions are generous.Prices are very reasonable.Why only three stars?There are those in management that treat patrons as fellow peers, instead of paying customers.  How was your meal? (I really don't care, but I'll ask anyway)  Food took to long to come out? (Better luck next time)Park 51 gets enough things right, that I am a regular, if casual, customer.  The place is worth a visit.
5	Best breakfast, lunch or dinner in Charlotte.  We drive 12 miles just to eat at Park Place.  Food is consistently good. Clean. Great service. Lisa is the best server ever.   She should be teaching others.  Good management.  We want them to open a restaurant in Indian Land near Sun City Carolina Lakes.
5	If you're looking for great breakfast this is the place to go. I will definitely be back again.
2	This was all right, but probably won't be going back soon. If I'm getting up to go to breakfast, it really needs to be worth my while. Park Place is serviceable if you are looking for the basics. My biscuits and gravy were pretty bland. The bacon was good... then again, when isn't bacon good?
5	Excellent food and service!!
1	Lord, where do I begin?  I have only eaten here once, but that was enough.My father and I had breakfast there last summer mid morning and during the week so not at all busy.  We were seated promptly, asked what we would have to drink... and the wait began.Finally a server reeking of just returning from her smoke break acknowledged our presence and took our order.  We also noted that we were still just waiting for our beverages that someone said they were going to get.And we waited...By the time our food finally arrived, I was out of water and my Dad coffee.  The waitress forgot our toast but would "be right back" with it.  Before we could say anything, she retreated to the kitchen as someone was calling her in the back.  She was never seen again.And we waited...Finally as we were finishing our meal, another waitress came with the check, conveniently while both of us had our mouths full so we didn't have a chance to ask for a refill or where the missing toast was.  Not a single word was even spoke.We got up and paid to find the cashier on the phone having an argument with someone.  Never offered was a "how was everything" or even a note of the total due while still engaged in her heated conversation.  She just took his card and swiped it, laid the receipt down, and kept as she was before we approached her.Maybe this was a one off experience at the restaurant, but it hasn't resoundingly wanted me to rush back since there are so many options for breakfast in the area.  I personally know someone who worked there a very short time leaving because of wage and tips (hint: be thoughtful of your customers and that may change).  I pass by the restaurant frequently, and they always seem to be hiring signs out front so this could be the root of the problem with high turnover of any possible quality staff.
1	The food is good, if you can get past the pedophile on staff that is!!! No stars. Used to go there all the time but now I'm worried if he's going to try to kidnap my little sister and lock her in a basement somewhere. We've complained many times, now he just stares...constantly
4	I had lunch here today with a group of people. They seated us together in a private room and the service was fast and friendly. The country fried steak was more of a country style than the chicken fried style, which I expected, but nonetheless enjoyed. It was served with a big knife in it, which I didn't even need because it was so fork tender. The vegetables were also very good. I really wanted some macaroni and cheese with my steak, which sadly, wasn't on the menu. (At least not for a Saturday special. Whether they have this any other days, I cannot say.)I will be back here the next time I'm in the neighborhood. Which is Pineville, by the way, NOT Ballentyne.
4	I've had breakfast here quite a few times! Service is always fast and friendly, and the food is great! It is also very reasonably priced. I live right by here, and anytime I have guests I always suggest heading over for breakfast! Definitely a place I will continue to frequent.
1	This place belongs on Kitchen Nightmares with Chef Ramsay. We went there for breakfast today and it was terrible. We should have known by the ripped up menus that were falling apart that this wouldn't be the best meal. The wait staff was nice but the food was not. My husband and I ordered the ultimate omelette, steak omelette both with home fries and biscuits with country gravy. The waitress didn't know what country gravy was so we had to explain it to her. I also overheard the table behind us explaining to their server what poached eggs were...seriously? But back to the food...everything in the omelettes were very obviously from a can... the canned mushrooms were the worst. The steak tasted old.The home fries were disgusting. they tasted like they had been sitting around for a few days and then thrown on a dirty griddle. The biscuits were from a can and the gravy was made from powder...and made very poorly.All in all I just wanted to get out of there. We each left more than half the food on the plate because we just couldn't stomach it. I've never been to a restaurant in Charlotte where I couldn't eat the food it was so bad.I don't know how or why it has so many 5 star reviews on Yelp. This just makes me even more skeptical now that Yelp reviews have let me down for the third time.BTW NOT A GREEK DINER!
1	HORRIBLE Treatment by Owner!Park Place used to be my favorite breakfast spot on the weekends...seriously, sometimes we'd go both Saturday and Sunday! But never again! My mom and I went this morning and were treated so incredibly rudely and so unbelievably disrespectfully by the owner in front of all employees and half the restaurant that I will never again visit!Our order came out and our food was cold, so we sent it back. They had to cook the sausage longer and remake our pancakes and French toast but would not remake the cold eggs. When they brought the food out the second time, the French toast was raw which made both of us sick to our stomachs! So at this point, neither of us wanted to eat. We told our server and she began cursing, using the F word, about how the kitchen had been screwing up all day. Our server went to get the manager who also told us how today was just an off day for the kitchen staff...no apologies from either.  The next thing I know, we were brought a bill for food we didn't eat!!!  The server said she tried to fight for us but the owner was insistent that he was not taking anything off the bill! We approached the owner as he stood at the register because we were sure there was some mistake. He immediately began raising his voice, yelling that he had made the food twice and he could not help it if we did not like it but that we were going to pay for it! The wait staff and kitchen staff all came out to the register to see what was the matter. Customers got up from their tables as well!  We were so embarrassed by the complete spectacle he had made of us that we paid the bill and left! I will NEVER return!
1	I went in with my 4 year old.. Just because I know most family diner-type places have food that he will eat... My waitress was fine, but did not check on us frequently to see if we needed anything. My biggest concern was the waitress of the two elderly women behind us. She was SO unbelievably rude to these two women, and then to top it off, she would roll her eyes every single time she walked away from their table. Just blatantly and unnecessarily rude.The food was ok. Diner food. Nothing special.I just wish I got that waitresses name.
4	Such a random variety of food, but everything is delicious! From Italian to German to home cooking and breakfast. There is something for everyone to eat here!
4	Nice breakfast for a diner type place.  Ambience is nothing but the food and service was good.
