4	What a great idea! It helps that it's only a mile from the LVAC gym on Eastern. Healthy Fast Food! What a concept?! I think were going to be seeing more of these places. Wraps, soy-burgers (ones with meat too), air-fries, even air-baked chicken fingers. Get this they have 4 flavors of ketchup and hand sanitizer dispensers... Highly recommended.
4	Not bad.  A bit healthier than other places because they have air baked fries and the air baked chicken (which looks like fried chicken).  They have organic shakes which were really good, and you can substitute those into your combos.  The menu they have taste delicious.  They have something like a ketchup bar.  I didn't see the big deal with it, but I won't complain.    The teas they have aren't that great.  It's still a nice place to go to add on to the healthy option of fast food places.
5	great!!! great concept (green, all natural and fresh), fast and tasty food with tons of options for veggies and carnivores alike. fresh fruit smoothies, soy corndogs and 5 different kinds of ketchup!!! ..what more could i ask for??!  well appreciated, but a little out of place in VEGAS, I would definitely franchise this in northern CA if i had the means!! ahhh, if only an evos could replace every other Mcdonalds... the world would be a much better place!!
4	I don't normally do fast food hamburger places.  I haven't had a big mac since 1994!!  So when a place offers air baked fries...I am ALL OVER it.  I've been here twice and if I lived closer to this place, I would definitely come here at least 3 times a month.I miss a lot of the "health type" restaurants NYC offers like The Pump and although this menu isn't as good, I'll take what I can get.
3	When I lived in Henderson, I enjoyed going to this place.  So did the guy.  I usually got their soy taco wrap with airbaked fries and the deeelicious berry smoothie.  The guy liked the buffalo chicken wrap.It's a little pricey for fast food, but they offer two great teas, THREE ketchups, and a decent selection of vegan/vegetarian foods and hormone free, organic animal products.The first time I went here was with a friend and some random comedian guy he brought along.  The only reason we went is because we found out the raw vegan place at Windmill and Eastern closes at eight.  Luckily, we showed up right before E closed (they stacked all the chairs on the tables but ours) but it was a blast.  They play lounge-y music like Morcheeba (get it?) and other modern cool jazz sound-a-likes, and it was fun to make fun of.The food's okay, the prices are a little steep, and the atmosphere may be attractive if you're a teenybopper with hipster ambitions.  Still, I give it three stars because they have TWO awesome teas and THREE ketchups!
5	After initially writing a bad review about this place when it first opened, I found out that shortly after it came under new management, actually the same family that's involved in the U-Swirl place. They had heard about my previous review on here and invited me back to try it again, and today (a month or so after the invite) I was able to make it out there. Needless to say, I was not disappointed at all. I had a spicy thai chicken wrap, which tasted divine. It was a very good portion, and came with some of their air cooked fries, and a chocolate milkshake with some protein mixed in (which I need for weightlifting anyway)They also gave me a tomato basil wrap that someone had ordered that had their sauce put on it, but the person didn't want sauce, so rather than wasting, I got to try it as well.My boyfriend had a Steakburger which was a good sized portion, was very tasty (especially without the grease that most fast food places have), and was substantially better than the one I had there when the place opened. I blame Dana, the manager for the quality increase. LOL I didn't care much for the garlic ketchup, but the cayenne one was pretty nice. Went pretty well on the fries, for sure.All in all, I'm really glad that we gave this place another chance. It's a bit pricy, but honestly, you get what you pay for, and if the quality is better, you're going to be paying a bit more. Will definitely be returning once in a while.
4	pretty good for the fast food concept. their veg options are tasty and the ketchup is good.  prices are not that cheap but, better for your body so, worth it.one thing thoug, I don't like the fact that they promote being eco-friendly when their not.  I mean, they use styrofoam cups.let me know when they stop so, I can give them a star but, until then.they are in time out until they get their eco-friendly act in order.
4	Healthy Fast Food....does that even make sense?  Is this an oxymoron or what but that's exactly what this place does.  Great selection of vegetarian and vegan dishes and great organic shakes at reasonable prices.  No they do not have a dollar menu so expect to pay about $8 - $10 for a combo meal.  Believe me, it's well worth it.
4	Remember when your mom used to bake chicken fingers and french fries in the oven for you as a kid (ok mb it was just my mom)... in any case, these *baked* foods are some of the stars of this place. Baked fries: could have been crisper.. my moms frozen baked fries were yummier than theirs (sad!)Chicken fingers: WOW.. yummy as hell and only 240 calories and 6 grams of fat (compared to most fast food's 300+ calories and 17+ grams of fat.. not bad) plus they honestly taste better than others I've had. They are like a tastier guilt free version of Chicken Selects.Wraps: The buffalo one was tasty.. a tad spicey.Ketchup bar: wowee.. pretty cool. Too bad the fries aren't a better medium for all these tasty ketchups. They did work quite well with my chicken strips, however. Shakes: How do they make so many delish shakes for under 200 calories? I don't get it I tell you. A shake at Jack in the box will set you back 710 calories.. these were nearly as good for 180.. WTF.. they are magic I tell you. Plus you can add vitamins and fat burners and whatnot to your chocolate shake.. how cool is that?Overall a cool place.. good vibe.. and yummy guilt-free food. I look forward to trying the steak burger and salads in the future. They lose a star for the just *eh* fries, and for the .99 up charge to change those said fries to fruit or salad. Yes I know most places charge a fee for that.. but seriously when I'm paying $7-$9 for a freaking fast food combo meal can't you sub me some lettuce for my fries without charging me ANOTHER dollar?
5	great, healthy fast food. good for that quick and affordable bite to eat.
1	RIP. No longer open but looks like a new place is going in there.
