3	Good sandwiches, fancy-type bread, not a large selection for the kids.  Ice cream seems okay, if not outstanding.  Reasonably quick and friendly service, more affordable than some of the other options in the area.
3	There's a wide variety of sandwiches to choose from.  The chunky chicken melt kind of tastes like Thanksgiving, I don't know how to describe it better than that.  It was just really good.  The ice cream was pretty good.  I've had better, but not very often.  The service could have been better.  The people just kind of seemed uninterested, if that makes any sense.  Overall, I'll probably be back if I'm in that part of town, but I won't seek it out.
5	Perfect little ice cream shop from the prices to the sandwiches. Staff is friendly and orders are made quickly. It's located  on a broadwalk so it perfect for just a spot to relax. Make sure to grab one of the huge brownies for a buck and some change before leaving this place it's well worth it.
5	I absolutely adore this place. The sandwiches are great and have a wonderful home-made taste and feel. The ice cream is as good or better than any of the ice cream chains and the flavor selection is probably the best I've seen in my life (no joke). The service isn't over the top and frankly that feels far more natural and comfortable.
3	Ninety's is cool and sweet, just like their ice cream. I haven't had their sandwiches, but I dropped by for a seat on their patio & indulged in a little afternoon treat. The coconut ice cream was smooth and tasty, just like I thought it would be. The staff behind the counter was a little disenchanted...maybe he was up later pulling an all nighter? Regardless, my order of two scoop of ice cream and two bottled waters came to $6 and change. That, I can handle.If you seek a sweet treat in University City,  head over to Ninety's and be sure to enjoy that spacious shared patio!
4	I recently tried this place and I was very impressed with how delicious their sandwiches are. I have tried the chicken salad sandwich and the reuben and they were great. Super cheap prices and fast and friendly service. BTW their smoothies are pretty good too. I will definitely stop by again.
2	Good selection of sandwiches.  The ice cream looked great but I didn't try it.Husband and I both had the BLT which was good.  Nice crisp bacon on some kind of toasted egg bread.All very reasonable priced.The only reason for the two stars is that we both had some tummy issues about an hour or so later and that was the last thing we ate.  If it wasn't for that I would give another star.I could be encouraged to give this place another go though and hope that it's a one off just because the food tasted so good.
4	I enjoyed the strawberry cheesecake ice cream today from Ninety's Ice Cream & Sandwiches.  A co-worker was kind enogh to bring me a surprise flavor.  I had other opportunities to taste this flavor but passed them up.  You see, my mind says yes but my body says no.  I enjoyed the strawberry flavor with just the right amont of graham cracker crust mixed in.  Also, I heard more about the lunch items offered prompting me to make a visit to this location VERY soon!
5	Great sandwiches and great staff.  I eat here often and love it.
4	Who says no to desserts? Hardly no one I ever know! After walking a bit at the Boardwalk, we decided to get ice cream at Ninety's Ice Cream & Sandwiches. Since we already ate lunch, we skipped on the sandwiches and just ordered ice cream. I got the salted caramel chocolate ice cream in a waffle cone. I really love the flavors and liked the chocolate chunks, not to mention the creaminess of the texture. Next time whenever I do come back to Charlotte, I will come back and try their sandwiches.
