3	Wow Lowes you actually pulled it off! Real help! Real people  who knew what I needed and helped. You even  loaded my bricks and pavers for me with  a smile ! I  am so shocked. I loved that the checkout people acted like they cared nice touch  just like in the olden days.
2	The return policy here is ridiculous. I bought a blower/vacuum for $89.99, I got it home and a couple weeks later attempted to use it. Hats off and high fives to you men that work these machines like pros. I couldn't seem to get the leaves to blow in a pile, I just blew them all over the place. I saved my receipt, and next time I went to Lowe's I tried to return it. No go. The policy states you can't return power equipment after 30 days. Even if it is in perfect condition (manual original packaging ect.) and you have the receipt. So now I am stuck with a blower/vacuum I spent over 90 bucks on and can't use. And the chick at the counter was completely rude and condescending. I wanted to smash her in the face with the box. At least then I'd get some bang for the 90 bucks. Lucky for her I completed my anger management classes...
1	We were shopping for  a new washing machine. We had been to Home Depot and were comparing. Lowes did have a better selection and their prices were in line with Home Depots.Good prices and good selection are great things, but they don't really count if you can't make a purchase. We had waited in the area for about 15 minutes then asked a Lowes employee for help, they said they would get someone. We waited another 15-20 minutes and no one ever came. Not sure if this was an off day for them or they were short handed. Whatever the reason Home Depot got the $450.00 sale they would have gotten had someone been there to help us.
3	Its a hardware store. Not the greatest service ( no one ever available)
1	Since I already feel that Lowe's has wasted enough of my time, I'm just going to post the email I sent to their customer service site. The mojority about this location is in paragraphs 1,2 and 4:I am an extremely dissatisfied customer after trying to purchase your Greenfiber Blow-in attic insulation with the advertised free 24 hr machine rental.  I first visited store location #1204 on my way home from work Wednesday 3/23/11 around 5:30pm to obtain details on the purchase/rental conditions.  First, it took me about 10 minutes to locate a sales associate and I actually had to find someone in a different department.  She was actually courteous and professional and directed me to ask for details at the commercial sales counter.  I found someone near the commercial sales counter that offered to contact some one to answer my questions.  The contacted associate arrived and  informed me that the employees for the counter leave at 4pm.  I asked for details on the deal and he said it was a 20 bag minimum purchase for the free rental (which is what I read online).  I asked, if I purchase the product in advance can I then reserve the rental for a later date.   He stated that he couldn't give me full details on the rental deal, but if I called back in the morning to the commercial sales desk after 7am, that they would be able to reserve the machine for me.  When I called the next around 9am 3/24/11, the lady informed me that they do not reserve that machine and the best thing to do would be to call Saturday morning and see if a machine was still available to rent or come in first thing in the morning. My wife and I chose to come in at the time the store opened at 6am on Saturday 3/26/11.  When we arrived we headed straight to the commercial sales desk and were informed we had to go to customer service to rent the machine.  We walked across the store to customer service and there was some in line renting the machine.  I had seen two machines next to the product that looked used, so I asked if there were more than one machine.  I also asked another employee for the phone number to the Scottsdale store #0792 to check their availability on the machine rental, as it was the next closest store to our home.  I called this store and the employee in commercial sales stated they did have a machine available, but he could not hold it for me as it is first come first serve. By this point the customer service desk looked up on their computer and stated the N. Phx store only had one machine available for rental. Next, we headed straight for the store #0792.We arrived at store #0792 about 6:40am.  We headed straight for the customer service desk, as that was where store#1204 had told us that is the desk that handles rentals.  Customer service promptly told us to go to commercial sales for rental, which we immediately did.  When we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call.  When he looked up in the computer for the machine he found it had actually been rented before I called. He apologized and I expressed my frustration with both store locations and that was going to take my business elsewhere.In general, I find this first come first service policy for tool rentals does not meet the needs of the "do-it-yourself" customers I would think Lowe's would like to attract.  It is extremely inconvenient. Most of us work full-time and are trying to complete our project on what little "free time" we have.  In larger projects we are also generally trying to coordinate with family and friend's schedules to complete the project.  We DO NOT have the time to be waking up at the crack of dawn every weekend in hopes that we will be the first "lucky one" at the desk to rental the tools we need to complete our projects.   I understand your company may have had past problems with people reserving tools and then not picking them up, which may have led to the first-come-first-serve policy. However, I think there would be better options to allow reservations, like have a small deposit due to hold a reservation or a 30 minute pick up timeframe.  Those are just a few ideas.  I also would have had no problem purchasing the $200+ for the product, if a future reservation would have been promised.   Finally, at this point in time I will not be doing business with any Lowe's location and I will inform my family and friends of this negative experience with your company.  I have spent over 2 hours this week getting the run around from these 2 stores and we did find another source to obtain the materials I need to complete my project.   I will post this letter under both store locations.
2	Ok, I did get response from both the national Lowe's website customer care and the manager of this location within 2 days. The manager did apologize, admitted his employees were misinformed, stated the issue was addressed with the employees and that the problem would not happen again. However, considering I received about 3 different stories from the employees and the manager was not specific in his email, I still have no idea what the rental policy is at Lowe's for the item I wanted to rent. I will give them an extra star for responding and stating they have addressed the issue, but will be in no rush to return to Lowe's. I believe I have found another source for the equipment and materials I need, now I just need to find the time extra help to do the project...
1	Dont bother and go to Home Depot across the highway on Northern.These folks were a joke... I called and they quoted me a price on tile, twice. So I drive there and they tell me its 50% higher and that we had never talked on the phone about prices. Then I find another Lowe's that has the original lower price, and THEY can't talk to them to find that person or price. Then they finally give in (nor really acknowledge what I was saying but give in) I literally have to teach about percentages and basic math to the 'manager' of the store. What a Joke!
5	Wow, I usually don't completely disagree with all the other reviews but I had a totally different experience in here.Shopping for a washer/dryer/fridge for a new house...had already been to depot to compare prices and stopped at the best buy across the street from this lowe's to compare there too.   Best buy has probably the worst service on the planet, so I pretty much just made notes on models and prices from there but didn't get any good information only spoke to one guy there who had no knowledge of really anything..Went across the street to this lowes and was helped by Henry.  He was really top notch, very knowledgeable and helpful.  Since the prices were inline and they had a labor day sale period going on I bought all three appliances on the spot here.
3	Ok so first lets explain the way I see home improvement hardware storesLowes: You are paying more than Home Depot however you may be able to find something Home Depot doesn't have on a rare occasion (or rarely a good sale).Home Depot: You need to do something in your house (yeah you don't want to) but it has to happen, this is my go to place.Ace: Ok Walmart is not going to have this one part and I am not going all the way to Home Depot so lets go around the corner.Walmart: I can get what I need REALLY cheap here and don't have to spend time oogling home improvement projects I can't afford to do right now.Having said all that this Lowes is OK. We found a really good deal on our refrigerator here after shopping around and it was by far the best bang for the buck, However note that it was on sale. I know they do price matching here but they carry models that most other places don't.The service here is good, not exceptional, I find the people at Home Depot are USUALLY more knowledgeable.I think my lower rating is due to price. Not a fan of their "Designer Prices" I need something that looks decent and functions, not something to put in a mansion that I don't have.
4	when tour having one of those Dex kinda days this place is there to help with the clean up and all the toys you need to do the job in the first place
4	Stopped here to buy some flowers and garden supplies. Prices were good. Aisles clean. Asked by several different workers if we needed help finding anything. Checking out was quick.
1	Really poor customer service! Waited twenty minutes for an associate to even show up in paint section (they called for someone three times) finally asked for manager. When the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive!  The store wasn't even that busy at the time. Won't be going back to this location.
5	Sooo... I am admittedly more of a "Home Depot kinda guy" myself... but figured I would check out Lowe's for some new patio doors.  This was after visiting Home Depot for this same product multiple times and not really finding what I was looking for.  Moreover, Home Depot seems like it is always busier (and therefore I never seem to receive assistance when actually have a question and genuinely need help). If only Siri could help me with all my questions...Anyway, to drive home the point that I historically go to HD instead of Lowe's, when I google mapped the location of this Lowe's, I typed in "Loews"... and trust me when I say that, in Phoenix, this will not help you find "Lowe's".The patio door selection at Lowe's is not as extensive as it is at HD, but I do feel like the layout of their patio door area is better suited for my style of shopping.  I officially am a fan of Lowe's!
4	Staff here are friendly and helpful each time I have been. Selection is good and the store is well organized and stocked. The tool selection here seems to be larger than most of the other local Lowe's locations. It's a keeper!
1	Don't shop at Lowe's unless you feel like getting the bait and switch. Deceptive business practices is an understatement here!Long story short: We're completing a major landscaping project and, even though Lowe's is literally 5 minutes away from our house, we ordered some concrete, blocks, etc. so that it could all be delivered at once without us making multiple trips.So it costs $80 for delivery, without regard to how much or how little you purchase, or how close you are to the store (again, we are FIVE MINUTES away). But that's fine! We expect to be charged for delivery, and we had a Christmas gift card, so no big deal.This is important: When we completed our order online (over $400 worth), no where did it say we would be charged any more. $300+ for our items and $80 for delivery, and that was it.40 minutes later, we get a call for scheduling. This is when we're told there is a $15 "pallet fee" for our order - what??? Apparently, Lowe's is under the impression that we're going to steal their piece of crap, cheap pallets, so they charge you for pallets. We would have had 3-4 pallets worth of items delivered, a charge of $45-60 in fees. Oh, but they would "waive" the fees once we brought the pallets back.Okay, so, let's recap:1. Delivery fee of $80 but crappy pallets are an extra $15 a pallet? Wtf is that delivery fee for then? A 20 year old rando dropping off stuff on our driveway???2. I have to bring you back your stupid pallets... when I ordered online for delivery. Hmm, what does that tell you? That I DON'T want to waste time going to Lowe's.What are we supposed to do, hang around customer service with our 3-4 pallets? Oh, because I love wasting time trying to get money back you extorted out of me. Love doing that on the few, precious vacations day I have. That's why I ordered for delivery in the first place...When we disputed this charge (which, to remind you, wasn't mentioned AT ALL in the fine print, so... bait and switch tactic), the manager was rude and ended up hanging up on us.Classy, manager! Please, hang up on customers who have already spent over $5,000 at Lowe's and who had planned to spend a lot more. Btw - this isn't about a $45 fee. It's not about the money - it's about deceptive practices and incredibly poor customer service. I know Lowe's doesn't care about the reviews they receive, but I hope you as a customer will make better choices. If you need landscaping materials, go to Pioneer Sand Company. We've worked with them before and they're great - they'll be getting all our landscaping business from here on!
