5	This place was a god-send when I had what felt like Montezuma's Revenge last weekend.  I came in on a Sunday when they opened (7 a.m.) and there was no wait.  It was very clean and conveniently located a few minutes from the District on Green Valley Pkwy.  They accepted my standard Aetna HMO insurance without issue.  The doctor (forgive me for forgetting his name) was fabulous.  Did a great and thorough job assessing my illness, wrote me the appropriate Rx and called to check in with me and go over my lab results.  Very knowlegeable and friendly doctor. Staff was great too.  Hopefully I won't be sick enough to have to come back, but if I do, I'm coming here!
5	Came into LV with a respiratory problem that I thought was going away.  Exposure to smoke changed all that.  These guys fixed me up fast and easy on a Sunday.  Very pleased, will use them again when I need help in Vegas.
1	I can't believe people like this place. The desk staff is nice but the one female doctor is plain rude and the doctor on the weekend is nuts. Every time we've been there there's been no one in the waiting room and we're the first or second on the list and then we wait 15 min in the waiting room and 15 min or longer in the room. My husband and daughter went in on a Sunday and were gone for 2 hours!!  They said there was only one person in front of them.. What???Now we've just received a bill to pay them more than our 20 dollar co-payment I made so they're obviously over charging to boot. Everyone in my neighborhood who's gone there has said it's horrible but tried it because it's close and have learned their lesson that this place is nuts. Go to Urgent Care at Legacy. Better to drive farther.   Oh, and I've contacted them about the bill twice and they haven't called back or replied to the e-mail so next step is driving up there to talk to them.  They're ridiculous.
5	I usually go to UMC but they close at 4 on Saturdays so I had to find somewhere new. After a quick search and found Doctors Express.Way better than UMC. Waiting room is nice and staff is friendly. I was in and out in 23 minutes. No complaints!!!
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I went in after having had the flu for 4 weeks, and thought I had relapsed with what I thought was a sinus infection...turned out to be a cold...and was prescribed Amoxicillin for 14 days...I should have realized that 14 days of any prescription is way too long a time...but I never go to the doctor because I never get sick, so I thought this was normal.  This was my first bout with the flu or a cold in over 6 years.After being on Amoxicillin for 14 days (which is a form of Penicillin...a very powerful drug), my skin started aching...I thought it was flu symptoms again, and brushed it off.  Next day I got a red and purple rash all over my body.  Not ever having experienced anything like it and never having heard of drug poisoning (I'm normally VERY healthy) I thought I was having a bad reaction to a new soap I'd used.  The following day I really freaked out when my joints swelled to twice their normal size.  This was not normal...I felt horrible, couldn't bend my fingers, elbows or knees.  I went back to Drs. Express and was told by a different doctor (not the idiot who'd prescribed me Amoxicillin for 14 DAYS) that I had AMOXICILLIN POISONING and that he wanted to test my kidneys to make sure I didn't have any kidney damage.  NOW I WAS REALLY SCARED.He said that no one should EVER be on ANY Penicillin or Penicillin derivative for longer than 5 days.  Well, I was on it for NINE days longer that I should have been and my body had gone into shock in order to reject the drugs. The kidney test came back okay, no damage.  This doctor (the GOOD one) said I was lucky that my kidneys weren't damaged for good BECAUSE OF THE AMOXICILLIN POISONING.  He prescribed me a suppressant, prednisone, and told me to take it for 5 days to get this unwanted Amoxicillin out of my system.I went home that night, took a prednisone pill, and immediately started feeling better.  All in,  It took me SIX WEEKS to get all that crap out of my system...working out every day, sweating it out, drinking 100 ounces of water a day to get it out, and still took SIX WEEKS for my skin to go back to normal, and get all the rash out.  This was the worst experience I've ever had with any doctor, and one of the worst experiences I've ever had in general, in my life.I will never go back to Drs Express or any clinic ever again.  If you're concerned for your own safety, kidneys, life...DO NOT GO HERE...EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Please use caution with clinics, I don't want what happened to me to happen to anyone else.:-(
3	This was our first visit here.  On a Sunday there was no one there at 7:30am which made it nice.The place is really clean and comfortable. The girls at the front desk are pretty efficient at their job although easily distracted.  There was one other person in the waiting room who appeared to be a friend who was waiting on someone with a baby.  So, here comes the 3 star reason.  First I asked which doctor we were seeing today as there were two cards on the counter, one for an MD & one for a DO.  I was told that neither doctor was in today, the doctor that was there they don't have a card for yet.  I asked what the doctor designation was & I was told he was an MD.  I don't mind seeing either, however when going into a MEDICAL facility, you would hope all who work there are knowledgeable about who works there & what's going on.We saw the doctor who happened to be a DO.  So, the place is pretty empty, with only one doctor & the first people you meet don't know what type of doctor he is??When the girl with the baby came out, our check in was still being processed, however it was between taking time to chat with the girl & admire the baby.  Once taken back our experience was good with the doctor.  Overall, the girls working today seemed ok & even though they appeared to know what they were doing, it was not being done with 100% confidence.  Even my 17 year old noticed it and said something to me before I said anything to here.You want to feel good about a new medical place when trying for the first time & even though it was no where as bad as a UMC Quick Care, we left there feeling a little odd about our experience.They are open 7 days a week, 7am to 7pm, which is convenient and they can do most everything on site which is nice.  I say give it a shot, but keep both eyes open and be aware of who is who yourself.
