5	All I can say, all the breakfast places in Downtown Tempe better up their game because a ringer just moved into the neighborhood and they are firing on all cylinders  - great location, lovely layout in a historical building, awesome service and best of all, great food! I met a friend for a business meeting their this morning and he had the three eggs any style with hash browns (which come molded into a lovely compacted circular shape, browned on the bottom) and of course, because we are both big guys, a side order of not just bacon but what they call belly bacon and gosh darn it all if it isn't some of the best bacon ever! As for me, the spiced pear pancakes and also, a side order of that wonderful bacon - slow cooked so that it is still soft but also crispy, yum!A big shout out to the staff there that was super friendly (sort of like going to Disneyland, everyone is greeting you) and especially to Vinny, or exceptional server who was nice enough, at the end of the meal, to ask if I wanted a to-go cup of coffee - never been asked that at any other breakfast place in the area so like I said, exceptional service.All I can say is, whoever owns and manages Snooze knows how to run a business. I can tell this is going to be a breakfast hotspot in no time and I can't wait to go back!
5	My boyfriend had been to the Snooze Eatery in Denver and said he loved it so seeing it was the last day of our vacation in Phoenix we decided to stop here for our last breakfast. Everyone is super friendly, great service, love the atmosphere. Super retro decor and fun music. The new manager stopped by to welcome us. So far, so good!!Looking through the menu I wanted one of everything and I settled on the Late Harvest Benny. Sweet potato polenta, kale, sweet potatoes and a poached egg with cream cheese hollandaise sauce. Coffee was good, water glasses always full, fantastic service. Too bad they don't have one closer to home!
5	Visited on the second day they were opened. On the recommendation of our server, Vinny, I ordered two different eggs Benedict. The first was their traditional Benedict with ham, the other was the Chile Verde Benedict! The hollandaise was a cream cheese base so it was not as eggy as other hollandaise I've had and was tasty though more mild than expected. The chile verde pleasantly surprised me! Had a nice kick to the back end of the bite. The tortillas in place of the English muffin gave a great textural contrast to the melt in your mouth pork! I cannot wait to come back to try their many other food items such as their pancake of the day or their breakfast burritos that look like the size of a small child. Overall a very great experience made better with the expertise and care of Vinny!
4	Food Taste: Food tastes good, fresh.What to order: spuds delux, omg french toastPrice: averageAtmosphere: amazing outdoor seating if the weather is niceService: good
5	Hello! I've never done this before but today it is very necessary. I went to the Snooze in Tempe this morning for my birthday breakfast and I must say its some of the best service I have experience in a long time! Our server was great (Julia) Food was amazing. Even received a free pancake for my birthday which I didn't expect. Also one of our orders got messed up and the manager (didn't grab his name) but he fixed the problem quick with no problems. I'm happy to say I'll be spreading the word about your restaurant and the GREAT service! Keep up the good work!
5	Excellent service and eggs benedict! Travis the manager is the absolute best. He will give phenomenal recommendations. Come back again to order from the secret menu!
3	A good place to eat, trendy. You can't call ahead or make reservations so expect to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table. The food is good, but when I went there I got an Eggs Benedict and it was more of a hard boiled egg, though it was well-seasoned. I'll be giving it another try, but I was much more excited about this place before I tried it.
4	The food was really yummy and the restaurant was really cute. However the bacon had a odd taste which was a little disappointing.
5	Awesome place for breakfast!  I had The best pancake ever...blueberry Danish.  I could eat that every day!  The atmosphere was fun with great retro music. staff wad fantastic, friendly & quick. You have to try it to see it.
5	Amazing breakfast. Had the green chili Benny and the pancake flight. Pineapple upside down pancakes are unreal. Beau is an amazing server and this is a fantastic location. 5 stars.
5	Finally Tempe has a breakfast spot.  Snooze clearly prides itself on being more than just an eatery.  Great food, atmosphere, and SERVICE!  Highly recommend the corned beef hash and danish blueberry pancakes!  Every member of the staff was dancing and smiling, again, truly an enjoyable experience.
5	So...I'm kind of a Snoozeaholic. Like, seriously. The only Snooze I haven't eaten at is in San Diego, so when there was a new Snooze opening and I was in the area, had to check it out since I figured it'd be a few weeks before people would know how awesome it is and start filling the place up and causing lines.  It's pretty much a standard brunch place except way better. They serve pancakes, french toast, a bevy of omelets and yes, if you want to get your drink on first thing in the AM they've got you covered there too with a random assortment of drinks to choose from.Best of all, if you're gluten-free, there are options for you too. Snooze gluten-free pancakes and french toast are some of the best I've had anywhere and it makes you almost forget what you're missing.Almost.So yes, the secret is out. Snooze is one of the country's best brunch places and now that you'll figure this out, I imagine I'll have to wait in line. But it's worth it.I joke that they need a Snooze Passport for people who frequent them in different cities and when they do, I want to be the first one to own one.
5	Snooze is my favorite brunch place. I'm so glad one opened up in Tempe. I always get the breakfast pretzel sandwich. My husband gets the Ham Benedict. We LOVE the sweet potato pancake and OMG French Toast. I hope this place never goes out of business!
5	Wonderful breakfast experience. Great patio, heaters, dog friendly (outside) wonderful music selection and friendly staff. What a great compliment to all the eateries that have recently opened in Tempe! The food is has been wonderful! The hash browns are delish!
3	Great environment, smiling faces. The food was good and would have been better had the over-medium eggs been a tad (ALOT!) less slimy. I brought it to the attention of our very friendly waiter and he simply smiled and said "oh, sorry about that", with no offer whatsoever to make it right. Disappointing.
5	This is another fantastic Snooze Eatery!!! Heather, Zach (Asst Mgr) and Alec were wonderful!!! There were 5 of us and all of our breakfast was delicious. ASU is fortunate to have a great restaurant right in their midst!
5	On reading my prior review, I was contacted by someone from Snooze and they offered to pay for me giving them another shot at their Benedict. They sent me a handwritten note, which impressed me- few people do that!I returned and everything was perfect. The dish was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection; the atmosphere was buzzing and the servers very prompt and friendly. Such a cool location too. I'm stoked I found another terrific brunch place in Tempe!
2	Was not worth the long wait. Eggs Benedict was tiny, ask for the hashbrown a extra crispy or else they come in an ice cream scoop shape and are soft. Food took over 30 minutes to come out.
5	I'm loving all the new restaurants that are opening in Tempe and Snooze is no exception!My boyfriend and I visited for breakfast and it wasn't too busy so we were seated right away - it's a pretty big place. We opted for seats at the counter by the window so we could stare outside (and we had a good view of the ping pong table, which was entertaining.)I ordered the late harvest benny which is sweet potato polenta topped with more sweet potatoes, eggs, fennel and kale and served with hashbrowns. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast pot pie. We both really enjoyed our choices. I love the combination of the sweet potato polenta with the eggs paired with the hashbrowns. Plus, the cream cheese hollandaise gave a nice sweet balance to this savory dish. All mixed together it made for a tasty breakfast hash. And it was very filling.Overall I really liked the atmosphere, the service was good and the food was yummy. It will be great to go here when it's nice enough to open up the large windows.
2	Very excited that Tempe has this new breakfast spot close to my office at ASU. I've been here three times, twice on my own cause that's how I roll. As a single diner, I like the fact they've got counter spaces where I can chill out and not feel I'm taking up precious table real estate. The food has been great each time, but it's in the area of service that they need to up their game a bit. I happened to be in today when their computers were down, which led to much confusion on the part of bartenders, who now needed to figure out how to run a manual credit card purchase (the nostalgia of running a credit card to get an imprint). Kids these days don't know anything about manual -- so there were five 20somethings scratching their heads. Kind of hilarious if you ask me.So, after a long wait for my bill to be rung up, the bartender comes over to explain what this "oldfangled" manual credit receipt was all about. Unfortunately, she didn't know she wasn't meant to write out the full total on the receipt, that I was supposed to do that so I could include a tip on the card.  Since she'd totaled it and I couldn't put a tip on the card, she seemed a bit miffed that I pointed her error out to her, and came to the realization she'd errored her way out of tip.So, I then had to wait another 15 minutes to get a 50$ bill changed, so that I could leave a tip, and not appear like some schmuck.  If she'd told me at the outset their computers were down, I would have just paid cash at the get go.Oh, and when you sit at the smaller side counter next to the bar, I think it would be great not to have people standing behind me crowding me out and hovering like vultures sipping on bloody marys waiting for me to finish my breakfast so they could snatch the spot, because obviously they are more valuable for the space than me.
5	My friend and I went to breakfast here today. I know they're packed on the weekend, but during the week it's almost empty first thing in the morning. I had the OMG French toast. It was dessert for breakfast: French toast with mascarpone, caramel sauce, and strawberries. My dining partner had the breakfast pot pie - it looked delicious. Our coffee cups were always full. Our server was attentive but not overbearing.I may not be back on the weekend because of how busy it gets, but I'll be back.
5	OMG!! This place is amazing!! First, the service is fantastic.  Our server was so nice and since it was our first time in, she gave us a pancake sample to try.  The food is delicious.  And there's so much of it!  The breakfast burrito is huge- could easily feed two people.  The eggs Benedict was a smaller portion, but really tasty, and you can mix and match from their options.  I wish I could come here every day!
