5	Desert Sky Pet Care saved my bacon! I am a former client of Brenda's from the Las Vegas area. When I relocated to Southern California I acquired a new pet sitter that was less than reliable. When the new pet sitter canceled a job on me, Brenda flew out to take care of my elderly Great Dane and the two kittens that perpetually harass her. I spent an entire week on vacation and didn't have a moments worry about my pet's well being. That kind of care and loyalty to your clients is amazing. My standoffish dog responds very well to Brenda and will eat and drink for her instead of simply being depressed while I am gone. I highly recommend Desert Sky Pet Care. Brenda has always taken care of my animals as if they were her own. You can't ask for better care when you must be away from your pets and home!
1	I was referred to Desert Sky Pet Care by a Pet referral service.This not the place to get your pet sitting or walking done.I had an emergency and I am home bound and my mother went in the hospital.I needed some help walking my Chihuahuas and water my and feed my doves.I spoke with Brenda on Saturday and she was set me to come on Monday.On Monday she text me that the her truck and been stollen and the scooter she barrowed would not start.I told her I wish she had told me on Saturday or or called me on Sunday and told me what happened as puts my pets health in danger.She then became very vulgar with her text messages and told me to "F-off" and stop harassing her and that she did not know her truck was stollen then.I really feel that she is totally unprofessional and I do recommend that any one call Desert Sky Pet Care.By the way they treat there clients I can only imagine how they treat the pets.
5	The missus and I had to go out of town for vacation, and it was time to board the pups.A lot has changed animal-wise since my last boarding.  My beloved Junie passed in the Spring, and Sophie's eyesight has begun to deteriorate due to her becoming a senior dog, making her effectively blind.  We've also added a new addition, Frodo, to our mix, and since he's a semi-recent rescue, he still has some anxiety about being away from his new Dad.So we decided to try something different.Brenda offers a full open house care with a big yard where it is more a "pet vacation" than simple boarding.  Bring the toys and all their other needed items, and Brenda offers some things as well.  There are no cages, and no halls full of yapping dogs.  The pups run free, and my two dogs made a lot of new friends.To be fair, Sophie forgot her manners when we came over, being unfamiliar with the house, and while I was a little embarrassed, Brenda was quick to dismiss it and was incredibly patient.During the vacation, I got regular text updates, photos, and even a funny video of Frodo happily playing with another dog that was there.When I came back, the dogs hopped around like they owned the place, happy, and content to see me, but not stressed.  They apparently had a great time of big yards and treats, soft beds and couches, and other dogs to play with.All in all, the dogs still seem happy and content, so the new experience went over well.  I definitely recommend Desert Sky Pet Care specialized care and services to give your dogs their own vacation while you go away on yours.
5	What can I say here - Brenda loves animals and it shows.  I use her whenever I can. I always get pictures and fun updates.  This most recent trip my little pup Benni stopped being able to use his back legs (hes only 4)  She immediately notified me of the situation and suggested a couple options.  She got him to the vet quickly all while giving me comforting updates.  She is caring for him until I return home.There is nothing worse than having your pet sick while you are away but he could have not been in any better care for this crisis.  Luckily Benni will be a-ok!
