4	You cant go wrong with an Irish Pub within walking distance to home!! Beer and pub food = GOOD!The food was fair and service was timely - nothing too impressionable.It wasnt busy so we had good service before a movie - and if you arent looking for the typical greasy fried pub food - there are salads and wine too!Good'nuff for me!
2	I can't resist Fish and Chips when I go to an Irish restaurant. So this is what I measure good Irish food with. Very forgettable Fish and Chips at O'Donoghue's. It's a damn shame, really. It would have been nice to have more competitive Irish restaurants in my area. Rula Bula is still #1 in my books.
5	This place is awesome! If you're looking for a fun bar or a loud and friendly place to bring your kids, this is. The service and atmosphere were great and so was the food! We started with wings that were really tasty and had a mean kick, and I had the chicken sandwhich and fries. Hubby had the beef stew and it was really good, the meat was very tender like it'd been cooking all day but the veggies were still firm. Highly recommended!
3	Od's is right across the street from me, and it's the best Irish pub option in NoSco. I don't get over there regularly, but the crowds definitely vary depending on time of day. The lunch and dinnertime crowds are pretty subdued, but when they unveil the crappy cover bands around 10 p.m., the cougars come out of the woodwork and get their scary high-heeled dance skills warmed up. If nothing else, it's hilarious to watch.The food and beverage selection is what you'd expect: Very similar to other Valley Irish spots Rula Bula and Skeptical Chymist. The Irish stew is damn tasty, but most of the crews there skip the food for the hokey atmosphere. You can't find many good bars north of the 101 in these parts, so it's worthwhile if you're in the neighborhood.
4	Seeing as how this was the closest bar to my dad's house when I was visiting, I inevitably ended up here on the first night in town.  There were only a handful of people there, but I just wanted a beer, and O'Donoghue's provided with the on-tap Blue Moon.  Service was fast and friendly.  My biggest complaint was it shutting down early, but I guess that's typical of this part of Scottsdale.
4	O'Donoghue's is quite a smooth, chill place. $2 HH beers that even includes things like Blue Moon and Full Sail amber is a pretty smokin deal.  ...and all day HH on Saturday!It seems that if you'd like to stalk or otherwise find and meet BrianS, this is your best bet! After the recent attempts to recruit yelpers after the wine tasting soiree, a scant few of us shared great company and hilarious conversation at Brian's local version of Cheers.  But since it's irish, there was plenty of craic to go along with the beer and whiskey being served.Funny I can get a better (cheaper) happy hour deal by driving from near Ghettrocenter to near Grayhawk!   8^ P
4	Have been here many, many times and always had a good time....overall I believe this is a 4 star Pub....the restaurant side I would give three stars to just because sometimes the food is great and sometimes it isn't.Our last meal here though was quite good I enjoyed my lemon chicken, my husband loved his meat loaf and our friends enjoyed the glazed salmon and grilled flat iron steak.The atmosphere here is very cozy, the staff are usually cheerful and friendly and the guinness is awesome! : )It is also a great spot to watch the sun go down.
4	As an Irish lass, how can I not like this bar?  This is the type of place where everyone can feel welcome.  In the same night, I saw the young, not-so-young, singles, couples and even two adorable grandmas who came in for drinks after evening Mass!  These feisty ladies proudly told me they show up there on St. Patrick's day at 6am.  That is dedication.  Erin go bragh!!Warning:  $2 Blue Moon on tap in the hands of the unsupervised can cause you to become BFFs with everyone around you, offer dating advice to strangers and completely lose track of time.  Just so you know.  :)Time flies when you are having fun...
4	I like this place. They have great drinks specials and the servers are all very friendly. I go there often for happy hour. There is a really good band that plays Friday nights and the place is packed. It is a nice, fun place to go in N. Scottsdale.
4	I had never heard of this place until the other night when I stopped in with some people from work for a quick drink after work. It is a bit too far north to be a regular on my list of bar to frequent, but when I can I will make the effort. Their weren't a ton of people in for happy hour, as it is more of a residential community. It did start to fill up a little more into the dinner hour. We sat at the bar, I had a Black Velvet (you have to drink Guinness in an Irish bar, no?) and they had some wine. Probably one of the better Black Velvets I have had, I cannot remember the name of the cider they have on tap, but it is good good! Then we shared a quesadilla and homemade potato chips, both very good. The chips are sliced really thin and fried and dusted with a great seasoning. The quesadilla had some kind of "barbecued" pork inside, sweet and spicy, you must try this if you make it in. Over all this place is pretty great, I just wish it is was closer to my end of town.
2	Good food and a typical interpretation of Irish. You have to remember that it's a pub setting. Good choice of beers and the service was good. I would have to agree with others opinions of the food. A Little inconsistent. My Ruben was more like a sandwich. My advice, grill the sandwich. The bread will work better for that and most people automatically assume you're going to prepare it that way. The potato chips are home made and although I really like them at 1st bite, a deeper dig into the pike discovered a lot of uncooked potato and I can't stand that AT ALL. My guess is that the PUB is not really concerned about food quality as much as packing in the Friday and Saturday night party crowd where they make a TON of income on the booze sales. I would have given it a 3, but the Yelp description of A OK just doesn't work for me. My grade would be "Just Another Restaurant Trying to Be A Pub"...
5	Love this place!  It's almost walkable from my house, but definitely my favorite place to go in my area.  I've been here 3 times now and have had great food every time.  Their steak fries are to die for!  Can't wait to go for St. Patty's Day!
3	O'Donoghue's is ok.It's the only Irish pub in like a 10 mile radius, so I think people are giving it more love than it deserves.  it's just average. There's nothing really notable about the place... it does not suck though.Their tap is lacking and they have some lower end swill on it.  I hate swill.  May I suggest they get some Boddington's and a cask to make it more Irish.  At least they have Smithwicks's.The place rocks live music on the weekends which includes a rowdy mob of dancing drunken upper class broads and dudes with really nice button up shirts and greased out hair mad doggin' every other dude in the bar.  It also has the staples of any Irish pub.  Such as the fall over drunk skinny dude that should have been cut off four drinks ago, the Old couple, and the infamous dude by himself that tries to hit on your girl when you go to take a leak, so they are keeping inline with the genre.The food is pretty good.  I had a nice Corned Beef Reuben there that satisfied; however they claimed to serve "Irish chips", but I got run of the mill fires... I wasn't expecting much though, so C'est la vie.This is the only watering hole type place in the area, so they have a corner on the market, which is why I don't think this place matches up to say the Skeptical Chymist, Rula Bula, or any of the Mcaffrey's joints.If you are in the area and want a brew or a decent bar meal, go here, because the rest of the area is filled with over priced Bistro-esque type spots.
3	I was pleased with my meal at O'Donoghue's Pub in Scottsdale. It's a very cool place to watch a game, grab a pint and eat a good meal. Obviously, it's an Irish themed pub, with Irish alcohol mirrors and pictures covering the walls.I ordered the Meatloaf Napoleon, which came with green beans, mashed taters and a brown gravy. Mine was delicious, could have been a bigger portion, so I mowed it down quick style. I had a bite of my wife's Shepherd's Pie, and it was just aight. Very much an overwhelming flavor of Guinness or similar dark beer. 4-stars for my meal, minus .25 for my wife's bleh meal, minus .5 more for our rude, impatient and unfriendly waitress. 3.25 stars.
4	Friday night band, EastonAshe, is BAD ASS. :)Beer was good... they had Full Sail for $2! Woohoo!  Nice decor and not super duper packed.
4	Good times with friends here on Friday night. I enjoyed the live music, and the dark pub-like atmosphere. The patio was large but broiling hot (get some misters guys). The bar itself is really nice and they have a huge selection of booze. Skilled bartenders and friendly service made for a terrible hangover.
5	Great place I enjoy the food and conversation.  I like the huge bar.  Lot of TV so it makes it a great place to watch some sports.  Personable waitstaff and bartenders.
4	I will definitely be visiting this place again very, very soon. Maybe even today! Haha. My sister and I wanted a quick lunch somewhere close and really glad we picked this place. We sat inside next to the fully open doors to the patio- which I loved since there was a nice breeze. My sis ordered the fish tacos for an app- I took a bite, they were okay, nothing special. The slaw on the side seemed a bit off. I started with the Potato and Leek soup... and it was sooo yummy! I am already craving it again! Next I ordered the Reuben. Wow, another smart choice! The bread was toasted perfectly, the meat was tasty and the perfect temp and the cheese was melted just to the right point. My sis ordered the fish and chips. The fish was great, very moist and lots of it! Plus, it wasn't over fried or greasy which is always what I look for first. The chips aka fries were good, but tasted a bit bland.The service was also good... friendly and attentive! All in all a great place to eat and also watch sports considering all the tv's!
2	Garbage selection of beers, almost entirely macro-swill.  Can't help but wonder if they're considering the omission of Guinness to add one more Bud/Miller/Coors product.  This place just doesn't seem like any of the more authentic Irish themed places other than the atmosphere perhaps.  They also don't bother with the relatively STANDARD Guinness imperial pint glasses either.  Lame.
4	We had a Groupon but went with low expectations having read the reviews here.  Having said that, we were pleasantly surprised!  We went for lunch.We got some complimentary homemade chips to start - they were delicious and great for munching.  I had the Scottsdale salad, which was spinach, walnuts, apples, goats cheese, fried onions and vinaigrette (not your usual pub fare), but it was a great salad and i would definitely get it again.  My partner had the fish and chips (fries) and said they were the best of the pubs we had been too (2 other British pubs in town).  We lived in Britain before moving here so we know our fish and chips !.The food was good and we would return, the service  was a little slow, but not bad enough for us not to return, even it if it a little out of the way for us.
4	Food is good and the atmosphere is wonderful  I have been 3 times 1 lunch and 2 dinners and was very pleased with the food and the service was great.  Loved the entertainment  (the New Westners) hope to see more of them in the future,
4	Great local pub. Good Beer selection on Tap. A friend of mine recommended the Jameson flight which was great to try on a hot weekend night. Friday night bands are always fun & fill the bar.
3	Food was pretty average.  The fresh chick is basically a chicken breast sandwich with a side of fries.  Lots of TVs here and the live band was good.
3	We went to hear a band that we know who was playing, and to enjoy the 1/2 way to St. Pattys day party. I will say that we are local bar kinda people so this place was a bit out of our norm to begin with. I was not pleased. When we arrived, we ask for a seat near the music and were seated in a weird spot where we could hardly even hear the music. When ask we were told all the other seats were resevered. We later found out that the next band was hosting a charity event for a kid with stage 2 cancer. Had I know that.... I would have donated to the cause and stayed a bit longer to help raise more money. Anyway, only saw the wait staff once ordered drinks... never got a water, or ask if we wanted one for that matter. The band took a short break and the bar turned on their music, after the band played 3 songs I went and ask the hostess to turn the music off....Just not the kind of night I was expecting.Why  the three stars? I said something to the manager before we left and he tried offering us drinks to come back. He totally did not need to do that but he was trying.... We will go back and give then another chance... but it was just an odd night.
4	Came in to watch the game after we moved and didn't have the dish hooked up yet!  Lot's of ASU fans, which is always a plus!  The patio area is great and it's open to the rest of the bar.  The only problem with this is when someone is smoking it comes right into the main dinning area.  Yuck.  The beer selection is good though and the kettle chips were awesome, could've ordered seconds.
4	Even other Tuesday evening our men's group meets here, and I have yet to be disappointed.  The happy hour deals (like the sliders and fries or the nachos) and pretty darn good for the money -- just be sure to get there before 7pm!As like any good Irish Pub, they serve a good pint in clean glasses (not always the case at other establishments) -- this place makes my Tuesday, ever other Tuesday.  If you're looking for a good neighborhood Irish pub, this is your place.
4	A very classy Irish bar. Plenty of TVs and one projector screen for watching games. Good selection of about 15 European beers. Very quality bar food, I've had about half the menu and haven't been disappointed yet, but it's not going to blow you away by any stretch. The waitress staff is spotty with service, they seem to go in the back to the cooking area and stay awhile for no apparent reason. I would stick to sitting at the bar if possible. They have bands here on Thursday and Saturday and if you don't mind how loud they are, then it can be fun.
4	This is a solid sports bar with a lot of TV's, outdoor seating with TV's, and a good food menu. I love that they have a sign counting down to the next St.Patrick's day, and they do events like trivia night and live music. The food is good and comes in large portions, though I will warn vegetarians that seemingly harmless food (mac & cheese and the cheesy tater tots) somehow comes with meat even though the menu doesn't say anything about it (extreme disappointment if you assume it doesn't, order it, and then can't eat anything). The salads are good (hard to come by at a bar).
5	I like Irish people.Sober Irish people that is. Drunk Irish people, not so much, unless they're in O'Donoghue's on a weekend night, trashed, and dancing to some 'Flogging Molly' type live band.It's a hoot.Like watching gypsies performing some kind of ritual before killing a goat or something.Try it, you won't be disappointed. Only don't make the mistake I did. Try not to use phrases like 'Magically delicious' when addressing them. They don't like it when you imitate that little leprechaun guy from the Frosted Lucky Charms commercial. As good at dancing as they are, you'll find out in a hurry they're even better at fighting.
4	Anytime I've been here, shenanigans have been afoot.  There's friendly drunks, dancing cougars (have you noticed middle aged white people all have the same shimmy dance moves?), live music, and friendly servers.I like this bar.
4	Just went to meet a friend, didnt try the food but will be back soon!
3	Had dinner here on a fairly quiet mid-week evening. The restaurant wasn't busy and service was prompt. Food wound up being pretty average, but the restaurant is a neat space. Irish vibe/decor all around, but two exterior walls can be rolled up to open up the restaurant to the outdoors - I can see this being a fun place on summer nights.... will try again to see if my instincts are correct.
4	Stopped by the other night for dinner with 4 friends, place was hopping. Couple of young hostess's at door, after a brief pause walked us to a table, server was right on their heels. Great selection of beers on tap- cheap!! We had two guiness, a harp and a magners cider- it is an Irish Pub.The guiness was awesome, best I tasted in phoenix! We ordered fish & chips, roast chicken, burger and a Cobb salad. All the food came out quick, hot and tasty. Server was right on it, second & third rounds came quick. I love efficient staff and so should the owners, we had three rounds because she was on it, lots of places the staff get lost during the meals and the owners lose out on sales.3 rounds, 4 entrees, $98 before tip, that's great value in North Scottsdale. No attitude -pricelessI'll be back! Thanks O'Donoghues
1	Ooh don't come here for the fish and chips unless you like a vat a grease with them. I could practically squeeze it out of the limp fries and the fish was soaked as well. My mouth was coated in the rancid taste. Our waitress could barely expend any effort or enthusiasm. Needless to say, this is on our do not return list.
5	You're enchanting. Someone with a certain je ne sais quoi...call it aplomb.   Your friends know you as the life of the party. The 'crazy' one. The one who takes all the risks and always comes out the better for it. Well if this is you. And you've yet to succumb to death in any number of odd ways. If you're the type who can ingest a couple hits of LSD, drink a bottle of Johnny Walker Black, and drawing on your Catholic school years, recite the Catholic mass in it's entirety at a Mexican beach resort. Have I got the perfect place for you. O'Donogue's Pub. Here is where you can 'put on the dog' as all of elite Scottsdale looks on.  Start with a shot of MIdleton's Irish whiskey. It's cost around fifteen bucks a shot but worth every penny.  This is no ordinary whiskey folks. This tastes like the glistening sweat from a nubile  young...[record scratch]  sorry, the Midleton's.It's much too expensive to get cronked on, you'll need to alternate with Irish Car Bombs and Guinness 'pints'. One problem. The pints take f.o.r.e.v.e.r to pour, since O'Donoghue's insist's on using all of the 119.5 seconds its maker recommends while pouring. For this reason, you'll need the bombs and shots to fill in. If you've never tried this, I highly recommend this triumvirate of drinks. Quite simply, their majesty is untouched by lesser drinking combinations, paring much the same way as does a fine Bordeaux with a Filet au Poivre and a side of bernaise. Trust me on this one. To wit, when properly consumed, and in the order recommended, the car bomb, Guinness and Middleton make for a deliciously fun afternoon. Laughs. Practical jokes. Darts that never seem to find their target. And those Scottdale elites, looking on in horror and disbelief that anyone could get this drunk on a Tuesday night. Suffice to say, you'll have so much fun, when you leave and one of your friends insults your truck's towing capacity by suggesting it isn't mildly capable of dragging someone's open windowed Camry from the Fry's parking lot over to the Starbucks drive-thru, where you'll leave it for dead, you'll take that wager!After all, you're that special someone. The one with all the je ne sais quois....assholiness in this case.Note: To the owner of the late model red Camry in the Fry's parking lot...I hope we didn't fuck-up your car too badly. FYI, we did use a nylon tow strap wrapped around your rear axle, so there shouldn't be any damage to speak of. If there is, it was my buddy Dave's idea. (and bet) I didn't actually do any of the rigging....I just drove. And, laughed.A lot.Anyways...sorry.
2	Menu and management have changed so many times, it's hard to keep up.Food has been awful, good, and back to disgusting currently. Not sure why the new manager changed the menu and mage it worse!They get great bands but a lousy set up for live music, so caustics is always off and it's impossible to hear anyone talk unless you scream.Staff is okay. It has not been the same since Amy left.They crown can be seedy.
3	We enjoyed the Friday Fish Fry in the past.  Just called--number is disco'd.  I heard they went out of business.
