3	I wanted to see Lance Burton because I love the magic show. I went to LV 2 times but I had no chance seeing it. A year passed and I went back again, this time I made sure I wouldn't miss the show.I watched magic show mostly by TV so I expected to see something extraordinary when seeing the real magic show. Lance Burton performed many great tricks and some poor tricks. The coolest one was when he disappeared from the stage and showed up in the audience seat. I enjoyed watching Lance Burton but somehow disappointed. I think most of the tricks were pretty old and he should begin thinking about new tricks. The props were also old too, this day we have many great technology to create good prop so why not he use one. The show needs a face lift to survive, if he's continue selling old stuffs, one day it will be all gone.
2	Lance Burton is one of the more famous magicians in Las Vegas.  His is an act in the classical tradition, with lots of glitz.  If I were to describe his presentation, I'd say it was midway between Liberace and Clint Eastwood: a big smile, always playing to the audience, but spoken slowly and quietly.The magic acts were well presented and original (at least to me), but I never felt like I was involved with the show.  I didn't enjoy it.  Since the only other magicians I've seen are Penn & Teller, I can't say if I dislike just Lance Burton or traditional magic shows in general.
3	You can't go to Vegas without checking out a magic show, even the ones for free. However, my friends and I had to check out Lance Burton this time around. Two things, what is up with the John Wayne accent and could you update the slideshow. We are in the 21st or is it 22nd Century...Some of his magical feats will leave you wanting a little more and our seats were great as we sat in-between the aisle. So no one in front of us was blocking our view. Really liked how he incorporated audience participation especially when he calls all the kids to come up on stage with him.
4	While he's not as popular as David Copperfield, I enjoyed myself at his show.  He was funny, enthusiastic and seemed to be enjoying his time there with the audience.  I hesitate to say the show had predictable acts, because, let's face it - does anyone know how they do that???    After the show, we got to meet Lance and do an autograph/photo session with him.  He is very nice and polite.  He's not the most flashy show in town, but the magic is fun, and this is a show that younger kids will enjoy as well.  Las Vegas doesn't promote the family friendly theme anymore - so it's good to have shows like this where families with kids can still have a good dose of affordable Vegas entertainment.
4	It's nice to find a family friendly show amidst the greed, lust, and gluttony of Sin City. Don't worry though, you'll still see the glitz and glamor (and even girls) that are a mandatory part of anything in Vegas. Most of Lance's tricks are just making things appear out of thin air or disappearing to who knows where, but what set his show apart for me is the audience participation. I love that he brings so many kids on stage, it's clear that he makes their day by doing that (or week, or maybe even month). It was also really funny to see him cut a cute confused Asian lady in half. Maybe I'm too old and analytical for magic now, because for most of his show I wasn't like "OMG! That is SOOO amazing!!!" However, I was definitely like "WTF? How did he do that???" Overall, I wasn't amazed and memorized, but I was definitely amused and entertained for the duration of the show.
3	This show was great when i watched at about 11 years of age. Now that I look back, I don't remember any spectacular tricks he did. Same old, same old. Doves flying, dissapearing. Great for a first time magic show watcher, but if you love magic shows, skip this one.
3	This show wasn't super extravagant but Lance Burton is one of the classic icons in the magian world.  He's funny and entertaining.  This is just one of those shows that you should do once on one of your vegas visits.  When i watched the show there were a lot of kids in the audience and a couple of loud drunks so be aware of your surroundings :o)
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the Lance Burton.  I thought the show was well done, he interacts well with the crowd and gets kids involved.  I figured out his secret though, there's 2 lance burtons!If there aren't, well he's amazing and his magic is real!Go see Lance.  Now.
3	I watched his show when I was a child and remember when all the kids were running up there to be part of his show I shyly sat low in my chair and tried to hide.  Now my crazy self would run up there begging to fly around in that car!!!!!! I went recently and I rather enjoyed the show!  The price is pretty steep but what show in Vegas isn't?  I don't want to say to much to kill it but I recommend it!!
4	Lance Burton is a great entertainer. I wish he would reveal his tricks to me, but then he would have to kill me. He had amazing magic tricks up his sleeve and then some. Tickets were about $60-70 a piece but well worth it if your into magic!I am still trying to figure out the ending with the Corvette. That totally made me go WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AMAZING!!!!! ENCORE!!!!!!!!!
4	Hey bro, what the f*ck is up with that John Wayne accent?!I've been wanting to check out this show for quite some time, but never did due to those mothaf*ckin' black thursdays, tuesdays, or whatever days.  I understand though.  The pimp has got to chillax' atleast one day a week. Lance interacts with the crowd and is quite the witty son-of-gun in a family oriented kind of way. The dude has his magic game on lock.  When in the middle of a trick, I kept thinking to myself, "yo, I'm going to catch this fool slippin'"  WTF?!  How'd he pull that sh!t off?!  I was more frustrated than a guy getting c*ck blocked.  That's a good thing though. He looks like he's genuinely enjoying himself up there.  His acts were more of the traditional and not that David Blaine type sh!t.  I enjoy both varieties, but am down with the old school.If you got kids and enjoy magic, check out the show.  Oh, and don't forget, next door you can buy some of the old gag tricks you grew up with back in the day.  Like fake vomit.  Word is bond.
5	I have seen this show 3 times already and always enjoy it. Lance Burton is professional and enjoys what he does.
1	My family went to see Lance Burton last night and were very disappointed with his show.Lance seems to be in somewhat of a time warp as all of the magic he did has been done and redone for a couple of decades.  One would think that Lance, with his fine showplace would be able to come up with some cutting edge, high tech illusions, but no.  Instead, we get people going in and out of boxes.  Disappearing and reappearing here and there, wow, where have I seen this before.  Gosh, he even sawed a woman from the audience!  From the balcony seats we could see how her body was lifted to make it appear to have disappeared from half the box.  During his slight of hand presentation his collar of his jacket was not in place and the entire audience could see the items he uses for his "mastery."And Lance, you need to wear dress shoes with a tux, not your old black Hush Puppies!  They look so low life with your suit.I am afraid Lance has gotten lazy with his success.  He is old school and boring.  Great for children under 10.   I am of the belief that most adults today demand something a bit more exciting and relevant.
3	Ok show. I'm not a big magic fan so maybe that's why I didn't think it was great.
4	Magicians are elegant con men.  There really is no such thing as MagicIf there was, people would be disappearing all over the place...just think, want a pizza with anchovies, lets just make one appear seemingly out of nowhereStill, the how the heck did he BS me(aka Magic) still has an allure, doesnt it?  Lance Burton really does some great sleight of hand, and yes Lance we are impressed when you roll up your sleeves and a card appears in your hand...but try it without your ubiquitous vest on...Have to admit, there were a couple of tricks, which left me guessing...and Lance is a good entertainer and his show is worthwhile...even for the cynical
2	Watched this show on our first day in Vegas, so it was obviously my very first Vegas show (not my boyf's) but it was so not what I expected.It was an ok show but certainly not the best. The theatre was empty and there was a womanbehind us by herself shouting who was obviously planted there to increase the atmosphere. I didn't like the tricks using the birds, I always wonder now what happens to them after waching The Prestige (you'll know if you've seen it!).Interaction with audience wasn't very good and I found his voice quite irritating, sorry lance!!
4	Great Family Show.Lance is a great Family Show. Lots of Kid participation and Great Audience involvement. There were some choppy parts at times and some awkward dialog but overall a great show.
4	Lance is a great entertainer the best magician I have seen in Vegas. It's cool that he uses the kids for some of his tricks.  The best part of the entire show was the drunken people behind us. They were amazed how Lance was making everything disappear and reappear. My group was sober but we were on the same boat as the drunks. Just a lot of WTF how did he do that.  We were all trying to catch him slip so we can figure his tricks but he didn't slip at all.
4	Despite the 80's costumes, banged up corvette this show is GREAT! Second time seeing it and I was pleasantly surprised yet again.  I still have no idea how he does those tricks.  Wonderful for children.  Audience participation, which is fun.  And there's a comedian who breaks up the show who is super oozing cheesey funny.I would definitely recommend this show for families.  :)
4	Classic magic show for Vegas.  Perfect for families. Kids get to participate on stage. I would recommended it.
4	I'm a little biased, since I may have had a wee crush on Lance Burton when I was a kid watching his TV specials.That said, I was pushing for this when my boyfriend and I were picking a show to catch on our Vegas trip. Wasn't in the mood for Cirque or a musical.We got tickets at a discount ticket counter in our hotel, so yay us since we were trying not to spend a fortune. We sat in the mezzanine, near the middle. Great view for the price.The show brought back some of the childhood wonder I used to get from watching magic. Cynical me tried picking the tricks apart at first, but eventually I just decided to just let myself believe and enjoyed myself.It is a little cheesy and the props and costumes sometimes had an 80s vibe, but I eat that stuff up. I came here for the old school magician I watched as a kid, not Criss Angel (meh) or Penn & Teller (who i do like).Took down a star for the comedian/juggler guy who came on mid-show. I came to see Lance Burton, not this guy. Otherwise, it was the experience I was looking for.
4	It was between either the Frank Caliente show or Lance Burton, the Magician. The Yelp reviews for Frank Caliente was very poor, so we decided to watch Lance Burton magic show at Monte Carlo, I really enjoyed his show. He was very humble, got the audience involved, it was funny and he even knowledge the upper balcony audience. I was happily satisfied with the show. The sidekick, was very humorous.  The seats were a bit far, I would recommend to sit closer to the stage.
4	My first time seeing his show was 14 years ago and sadly, I couldn't really remember much about it except for the flying doves. I decided to give it a second chance and was pleasantly surprised and entertained especially with the audience participation and a random juggler coming in and out of the show. Although some of the tricks were quite old-fashion, it was far more entertaining than David Copperfield's show. He may not be best magician in the world, but sure knows how to entertain his audience.
3	I was suckered into watching this one.  He's not a magician but an illusion specialist.  If i paid for my ticket, I would have asked for a refund.  At least I was in the A/C druing a very hot summer night.
5	One of only two "must-sees" that I have for Las Vegas. Because of the cost, I don't get to see him every trip but it's been pretty close to that since 1996. Unfortunately, he is closing his show in August or September, I forget which.I love Lance because he is not only super talented but he is there for the audience, to enjoy himself with each unique audience which makes it fun for the audience also. He is very personable and you aren't just watching passively, as most shows in LV are like.I saw him only a year ago and, during this show, he had already changed it to include 2 or 3 new routines.Lance doesn't need any of the expensive production shows that has become the mainstay of most LV shows now, so if you are expecting flash and bling, check out Criss Angel. I will really miss him and I hope he shows up somewhere else in LV!
4	I don't know why all my Monte Carlo reviews have disappeared, but here we go again.Saw Lance on the 25th of June as his show at the Monte Carlo is due to end in September and he seemed really entertaining when I saw him on TV specials.The show was no disappointment as he did things with birds, a car and people that had me amazed and unable to even guess at how he did those things.  There were also plenty of laughs and an entertaining mid show juggling act by a helper which added to the fun.  The theater itself was an itimate setting and we felt like we had a great view of the show.   Was also nice that we got a 2 for 1 ticket special since we were staying at the Monte Carlo at the time.Also enjoyed how Lance brought kids from the audience into the act, making this show truly family friendly.
4	Really great show for adults and kids.  Starts with a cheesy video escape thing but is fantastic from that point forward.  I don't wish to ruin any surprises but would advise you to catch this before show closes in September.
4	Lance's show was a bit of a surprise because I thought it would be a bit more serious but I still had a great time. THIS SHOW IS PERFECT FOR CHILDREN. Lance loves kids and having them part of his act. He is social with the audience and loves to interact with the children. His jokes are light hearted and appropriate for all age groups. His tricks were pretty cool, especially the one with the car that appeared out of no where. But there is a sense of cheesiness when he does his tricks. Once you see him on stage, you will get what I mean. The showgirls had really nice bodies but you could tell that some of them were a bit older. They have probably been with Lance for years now. Overall, I had a good time. It was good, clean, cute fun. If you want to take your kids to see a lighthearted magic show, this is the one. If you want something more serious and mysterious, you might want to try something else.
5	Great show!!!
4	Mr. Burton puts on a wonderful, classic, magic show. I would highly recommend him to anyone taking a family vacation to Las Vegas, especially with kids.His tricks are simple, and there were times when it was obvious to me (an adult who has seen many a magic show) how they were being done. There was also a moment when I could see a "lovely assistant" before she was meant to be seen.The plus side is that his tricks are completely classic. Everything was black silk and red velvet, and everything turned into a dove at the end. At the beginning of the show, there is a brief explanation of Mr. Burton's being the current "Master" in the long line of "the Grand Masters of The Royal Dynasty of Magic", which goes back to the 19th century. That sort of makes the old-school act worth the cheese. You can't help but feel you're watching something epic and rare. It's extremely reminiscent of the film "The Prestige."The Magic isn't half as entertaining as Lance Burton's personality. He's a doll. He's the quintessential Southern Gentlemen. He's extremely and personal with the audience. He is extremely knowledgeable about culture and adapts quickly to the diversity of his audience members. He never pulled a volunteer from the audience that he couldn't speak to in their native language or chat with about their home town. He's also very clever and keeps the show very funny and lighthearted.
4	Saw this show last week in Vegas.   We saw four shows in three days!!  We go overboard on the shows while in Vegas.    We wanted to see Lance before his final show on September 4th.   We were not dissapointed.    Some basic magic tricks but also some fantastic illusions such as making a Corvette disappear on stage.   He has a quick wit and audience participation is included in his show.   Good show for kids.   He brought small children from the audience and included them in some of his magic tricks.
3	Your average magic show. I was not impressed.
4	awwww closed? This show was so entertaining. But then again, Mr Burton has been working there for a very long time. I remember it fondly.
