4	Soul Food at SouthPark Mall!Struggling to curb my enthusiasm, I creep up to the smiling woman handing out samples. She presents me some pulled pork, which I don't eat, when another server behind the counter overhears and asks me what I would like to taste instead. Save!"Hushpuppy please."The hushpuppy being terrific, they instantly advanced to the final round: The mac & cheese test. (I unapologetically judge all soulfood restaurants by their mac & cheese.)  I ordered a heaping side for about $3.  The staff was so wonderfully friendly and energetic that I feared having to write a bad review had it not gone well. No need! Mac & cheese was PERFECT! It was cheesy, and creamy, but not too creamy, and gooey and masterly seasoned. I've learned that I do this involuntary thing where I close my eyes while enjoying great food. A guy walked by and said, "wow...that must be good", opening my eyes and bringing me back down to earth. Tear.
5	I am so glad this place opened up in Southpark mall! Definitely my new favorite place to eat during my lunches. The staff is always super friendly and welcoming. And the food is absolutely delicious. I have found its incredibly easy to mess up soul food, but this place got it right! The honey glazed ham is tender and juicy, the fried chicken is like home cooking...I honestly haven't found a bad part about this restaurant. For sure worth checking out if you're in the mall, especially if you work in Southpark mall.
1	Well I took a chance on this place after reading a couple of review.   This place was awful and a rip-off.  I ordered the fried fish plate with cabbage and mashed potatoes and gravy for a total of $10.60 including tax.  For starters they only gave me one small piece of what looked like fried tilapia from the frozen section of Walmart.   It was TINY.  For 10 dollars they could at least put two or three pieces of fish in the plate.  I think Shomars nearby has better fish than this and they give you a lot of fish for less.Now the cabbage was okay but the mashed potatoes were horrible.  They tasted like over-salted boxed mashed potatoes that were old and sitting up all day.  Overall the food was below expectations and not good at all.  Especially for the price.  They could have added more fish to the plate instead of one small piece of freezer tilapia from the frozen section of Walmart.  Stay away and if you are hungry try going to Shomars, as they have way better food than this horrible place.
