4	Went here looking for clothes for my husband and kids. It was organized and I found quite a few things I was looking for. I bought 2 pairs of work pants and 1 pair of shorts for my hb, 3 baseball shirts for my son, 1 shirt for my daughter, and found the Scene It DVD game - all for $45!! The pant were Eddie Bauer and Levi brand, the girls shirt was Childrens Place, the other boys shirts were Under Armour, Champion, and a random other brand. I really like it here and will continue to shop. They had a great sofa and oversized chair for $99 bucks! Would have bought if I needed it! They have a truckload of books, clothes, good amount of shoes, purses, plenty of toys, electronics...thumbs up for sure!
3	If you look, you can find some cool stuff.
4	I love cheap clothing , I love savers. Even though this location is getting a Hipster feel to it (some jackets in the store are $80+. Fueled by the fact that it's across from arrowhead mall) I still do like it. But try to tone down the trendy crap.
3	I came here on Saturday on a second hand store rummage day out with my husband and I just have to say that I don't get it, Savers.  I. Don't. Get. It.First let me start by pointing out something that you guys may have forgotten, you are a secondhand store, not a resale store for gently used merchandise or even a consignment shop.  There *is* a difference.  Your stuff is no nicer than a standard Goodwill's stuff, yet you think you can command about twice the price for your stuff??   Uh, no.Yeah, it's clean and organized in comparison to a Goodwill, but it still smells like my grandma's closet, or maybe even my musty garage after a humid day.  Why?  Because it's STILL a secondhand store, full of unwashed goods, of questionable provenance, from other people.I found a wall mounted coat rack that I really liked and would have purchased, but it was $10.   Uh, sorry, but that isn't that awesome of a deal.  And my husband found some well loved, North Face snow pants that would have been a good deal for something slightly less than the $25 they wanted for them, AND if they hadn't also been ripped at the bottom so I would have had to mend them anyway...  c'mon Savers, really?Adding to all this is the fact that they weren't even offering any kind of point of sale discount, coupons, nothing...  At least Goodwill was running a 50% off everything deal that same day.  I did hear an overhead announcement that said that if you register online with Savers and give them your email address they'll send you coupons, but who really wants Spam from a secondhand store?  I certainly don't.  I much prefer a point of sale discount that requires no sharing of my personal contact information, thankyouverymuch.Saver's whether you guys like it or not, Goodwill IS your competition, so you better step up your game to actually compete with them.  I'll be clear, I'm not cheap and I'd like to consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of the secondhand stores across the Valley (hell, I was raised shopping in secondhand stores) but I refuse to pay those kinds of prices for that kind of merchandise.  You guys need to reexamine your pricing structure because it kinda sucks.
