1	SAVE YOURSELF TIME, AGGRIVATION, AND DAMAGE TO YOUR STUFF AND CHOOSE SOMEONE ELSE!!!!  I cannot say enough bad things about PODS and our experience with them. I get infuriated every time I think about them and we moved in February! Yep, I am still angry due to their incompetence. The sales people have no idea what they are doing; recommend a size that your house will "definitely" fit in and then when the POD is dropped off, it's clearly evident there is NO way its big enough. Luckily my husband and I are minimalists. If we were pack rats, who knows how many we would have needed. We even hired professional movers to pack it for us to optimize the space and packing and they confirmed PODS are the worst way to go. When no other choice is left and you have to order a second POD for the rest of your house, they add ridiculous fees to it, can't get it to you in a timely manner, don't pick them both up at once, which means they won't be dropped off together (so make sure what you absolutely need to live is in the first b/c the 2nd will arrive at least a week later).  You end up spending more money than if you hired cross country movers to move it all at once, and you end up getting them in different shipments.They tell you they have a patented way to pick up the POD so it stays even and all your stuff is protected, yet both our PODS arrived with everything shifted to the side like the right sides were dropped on both. Also, most of our furniture (expensive, real wood), which was professionally wrapped, was damaged during the trip. Stay as far away from them as possible. Don't buy their sales pitch that it's cheaper and more stress free than moving yourself. In the end, it will cost you more money and headaches than moving already entails!
1	Never again.  I chose to use them as i was closing on my sale but then not closing on my purchase for a couple of days, so I needed some storage and did not want my stuff unloaded and loaded several time onto a truck.  Everything was OK on the drop off/pick up from the first house.  It was at the move in that the problems began.  I told them in simple terms when arranging all this that I would need a drop off and pick up on the same day when I moved in as where I was moving to did not allow overnight PODs.  They assurred me this was not an issue  there would just be a fee for a same day pick up - I told them I was fine with that since I did not have a choice.  Since I was a same day pick up, they assurred me a would be the first drop off in the morning- great !  I explained I had profession movers coming to unload the POD and I was told repeatedly I was the first drop off between 8:30 and 9:30.  So the day before I get the call from PODs (automated) stating my delivery is between (9:30 and 12:30) - I have already scheduled the movers for 9:30 - so I call PODs to talk to a person, who again tells me I am the first drop off between 8:30 and 9:30.  Well, 9:30 comes and goes the next day no PODs, but I have movers waiting.  I call PODs again - the central office will not let me talk to the local office, but the central office tell me the local office will be calling me shortly to tell me they are on their way.  By 11:00 still no POD - I call the 1-800 number again  who call the local office again, and they come back again and say they will be calling me shortly to say they are on their way - so I tell them they told me the same 90 minutes ago and what happened to being the first drop off.  She tells me I am the second drop off.  You can imagine where the conversation goes from there.  Eventually I get her to call the local office again and now the story is that "something unexpected happened and they will be calling me shortly to tell me they will be on there way"  I ask to talk to a supervisor, but am denied.  I ask for PODs to refund me the same day pick up fee and am told "this is something you will have to discuss with the local office" (how and I meant to contact them ?)Eventually the local office calls me and I ask them to refund the same day pick up fee they say I will have to discuss this with the 1-800 number!!!  I explain to them that they said to discuss this with them and he states he is driving but will call me back later to discuss (he never did!).  The POD arrived at noon and then PODs starts calling at 2pm asking if we are finished with it - we say we are still unloading it and then they proceed to call us every 15 minutes as they next pickup is a long drive and they want to pick ours up first!  So they drop off late and then expect us to unload it in 2 hours !  I am still waiting on them to call and have written to them as well and still waiting for a response.  Never again !
4	I've read these comments about pods, and they don't sound at all like the same company that I'm dealing with which is the Tempe location. In fact, the comment from Angel H. is probably outright false. I know because I elected to inspect PODS storage facility in Mesa (one of two in the valley) after reading negative commentary about their competitor's facility. It was modern, spotless, well organized and secure. It bears absolutely no resemblance to what Angel described.I've been dealing directly with Katelyn in Tempe, who is a salespeople I met at their storage facility. I've been able to reach her without going through their 1800 number and without any hassle. She's been right on top of my order - it's not like I've had to chase her for info or followup. I'll update this review after my move is done but, overall, at this point, they seem like they know what they're doing. Based on one of the comments on this board, I will check my furniture after they get it to the warehouse to make sure it wasn't dropped. If the people driving their trucks are properly supervised, this kind of complaint shouldn't occur. As far as the size of the pod, I'm not sure what more the other commenter would have them do - the pod sizes are listed on their website. If that's not enough to visualize its holding capacity, go see one at their warehouse.
5	We moved from Connecticut to Arizona.  After reading the negative reviews I was very concerned about using them... But I took a chance and was glad that I did.We had absolutely no problems at all.  The Pod arrived on time and was picked up as scheduled after it was packed..  We Reviewed the account a couple of times online and also called the 800 number to track the shipment across the country.  It arrived on time in Arizona and was delivered to the house.Nothing was damaged....we made sure that it was packed properly.I would use them again..  Very satisfied customer.
