5	Surpassed all of my expectations. Skilfully splits the difference between trad greasy breakfast and Euro-style bistro. Coffee's great, ambience just as good. Their bacon is thick-cut and juicy and their whole grain French toast is off the chain. Highly recommended.
1	I was excited to try this new place in my neighborhood, but the overall experience was really disappointing. Though the wait staff was friendly, they were definitely scattered. The whole table had ordered coffee, but we had to ask for milk and sugar. And then again we had to ask for the spoons. The food was even more of a disappointment. I had the bagel lox with eggs, which I was really excited about. The bagel itself was not toasted and was of poor quality. It wasn't even a Montreal style bagel! It tasted pasty. The cream cheese did not taste like cream cheese at all and was off putting. The salmon however was good. My friends had bacon with their meals, which I tried, and it was atrocious. It was plasticky to the point to which it was hard to eat. It didn't even taste like bacon. The hash browns tasted okay, but some of my friends potatoes were cold. One of my friends ordered banana crepes, but they forgot to include the bananas.  Also it took the wait staff at least half an hour to clear our plates off the table. The few good things about this pace were the coffee and friendly staff. All these problems may be due to the fact that this place is new, but these issues are pretty unforgivable. If they weren't ready to open, they shouldn't have opened. It also seemed as though though they deliberately skimped put on the quality and the food. This place definitely does not live up to the high standards of other breakfast places in the area such as Prohibition and Cafe Orange.
3	We had gone there on a beautiful sunny day and sat on the terrasse.The waiters were friendly and the ambiance was nice.I had ordered the usual breakfast and it was pretty good. A must try is there freshly squeezed juices they are delicious. Overall a good experience.
