3	Yeah, it's probably the most expensive station downtown, and yeah, half the time none of the pumps are in order, but it beats the hell out of getting knifed at the Circle K across the street or the one on Fillmore. Shell offers some higher quality gas, which is nice, but I wish this place had an actual convenience store. A very tiny man sits in the small cube-like structure that sells cigarettes and road maps. You buy the sodas and candy at a vending machine next to said hut.What I like most? Their ridiculous car wash, which makes the loudest honking noise of any gas station car wash I've ever heard. Congrats!
3	If you are looking for it, it is called Dino Mart. I don't know if it's pronounced [deeno] like Dean Martin Dino, or [dyno] like the dinosaur. Much busier location so maybe that's more safer.
4	Location really is the top benefit to this station being my close to exclusive fill up joint.  It's on the corner of Roosevelt and 7th Street with good access from either street.They charge like $.10 more if you use debit or credit, which doesn't seem to motivate me to keep more cash on me.All in all, this Shell is convenient, clean, and safe.
1	If you look closely at the sign, you'll notice the price is for regular is only if you use cash.  When you pull up to the pump there is a sign that states there's a credit or debit surcharge.  This price makes this Shell station more expensive than the already overpriced Circle K just across the street.  I expect the outdated credit/debit surcharge from Arco, or a small gas station, but not a Shell.  You can save yourself a couple of dollars by getting off the highway before/after the tunnel at 7th Ave.  Stations both north and south of the I-10 are cheaper on that street.The plus sides of this station is that there's a lot more pumps than at most stations in the downtown area.  There's also a car wash.  There is just a tiny little spot in the middle with a cashier and a few convenience items, but no real store presence.  Maybe this Shell should build a store on the property, so it can increase profits by selling overpriced sodas and candy, and start charging less for gas.
1	Wow... I really think this place does something to "water down" its gas.  I am seriously considering filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau!  I put 8.5 gallons in my tank on Friday afternoon and proceeded to drive directly to San Diego.  my tank was empty before I even hit Yuma!  that is ridiculous - I can usually make it to Yuma on less than half a tank of gas, which is 6 gallons. something shady is going on here because Shell gasoline usually performs better than other gas stations.on top of that, their gas prices are expensive and the price advertised on their signs is only for cash customers.  if you pay with debit/credit, expect to pay $.10 more per gallon.
