5	These guys did a great job installing our new Trane HVAC unit when our old junker went on the fritz in August. The prices were very fair, and the owner worked with me to ensure that I got the full $1500 government tax credit. Nearly two years later, the unit still works perfectly.This company and its owner are honest and reliable. What more do you need from a service vendor? I would use them again in a heartbeat.
5	Several days ago, another a/c repair company had been in to look at our unit, and told me it wasn't worth repairing - they suggested replacement and quoted me $2670. Someone I trust who knows HVAC said they were wrong, and recommended Benefit Air. They came out the same day I called, and fixed the problem for $180! Both people I worked with (Mack on the phone and Chuck at my house) were wonderful, and I feel so good knowing that I've found a company I can TRUST.
5	Last  year I had a company come out and do an AC tune up and they recommended over 2k in repairs and maintenance, I didn't think it was necessary so I ignored them and left the air conditioner to run as it was until this year.  I received a card in the mail for Benefit Air to do a tune up for $64. They came out on time, cleaned the unit and inspected it for over an hour.  They said it was in perfect working order and they didn't recommend any maintenance or repairs. The repair man was friendly and informative. I would use them for any repair services in the future.
5	Living in the Phoenix heat, there's hundreds of HVAC companies to chose from, so of course i went to yelp for a good company with integrity that stands out from the rest,  so Benefit was called. From the dispatcher Mack taking my work order, to the tech, chuck, i was happy, and felt no pressure.
5	Benefit Air did an excellent job with my recent recent cleaning and preventative Maintenance on my AC Units. The Technician Josh was prompt, friendly and courteous. He also diagnosed some duct work issues that were causing some rooms to be too warm or cold in the winter. The repair cost less than I thought and I would recommend them to all my friends and family!
5	I cannot recommend these guys highly enough. First of all I called and got VM which is always a bummer so I didn't leave one. On to the next I thought. These guys called me back apologizing for missing my call. Boy am I glad they did. The helped me realize I was getting taken by the repair guy there and Mac worked with me to make sure I was comfortable with their service.Mike was my tech and they guy is ace. He was thorough and found the real issue which the tech from the other company missed. He brought me up on the roof to show me the issues and explain them in plain English. He worked hard on the unit and kept me informed of what was going on and the time it would take. Then he walked me through the costs and such. I saved hundreds over the other company's quote (which didn't included fixing the REAL issue) and on top of that Benefit will come out now in the fall for another check-up at no additional cost.Benefit has earned a customer for life and on top of that I will be highly recommending them to anyone in need. Do not hesitate to bring these guys out for fair pricing and rock solid work. Finally, they warranty their parts and work for two years. That's double the norm.
1	I was very disappointed with the service or lack there of from benefit air. My A.C. unit wasn't working properly so I called Benefit heating and air. I was charged a $79 service for the tech to come out which seems to be standard with most of the companies. From the moment Chuck the tech came out he was only concerned with selling me a new unit. He spent almost all of his time taking measurements and giving me a quote on a $9000 new unit. When he finished I asked him if he repaired or replaced anything and he said no. When it was all said and done I paid $79 for a quote on a new unit. IN MY OPINION THEY SENT OUT A SALESMAN NOT A TECH.After he left I called around for a second opinion. I found a company that didn't charge a service fee for coming out. The new tech arrived, determined the problem within 10 minutes and asked if I wanted it repaired for $149.00. What would you have done? $9000 or $149? That was a no brainer for me. Benefit heating and air was NO BENEFIT to me.( In response to Michaels reply )I did contact Michael who apologized for my negative experience and offered and sent out a refund of my $79.  Thanks again Michael
5	I called requesting a tune-up and cleaning of my A/C coils because my A/C smells a little musty. The guy who helped me on the phone was kind and forward about pricing and offered a couple of options. (Prior to calling Benefit Air, I had called a few other a/c contractors and none of them were up front about fees. The man I spoke with at Benefit Air detailed what I should expect.)I ended up purchasing a service contract with Benefit Air and they were even able to send a tech out the same day. The tech (Mike) was on time and very kind. He quickly surveyed the A/C unit (on the roof) and showed me a picture of the current state of the evaporator coils. He said that everything looked good (besides the dirty coils) and did the coil cleaning and tune-up in about 1-1.5 hours. The foul odor is gone now! I am very happy with the service, and I highly recommend these guys. They did a great job at setting my expectations and then delivered outstanding service.
5	My experience with these guys suggests that they are absolutely straight shooters. I called Benefit (in Jan 2014) because my home inspection report said my A/C needs to be serviced, because the temperature differential is too low and it isn't cooling as effectively as it should.   Even though it was warm at the time, the guys at Benefit told me that testing right now wouldn't be as effective as testing during the summer, so they recommended I wait until temperatures warm up.I also told them I have a home warranty, and they recommended I try to address the problem with the warranty company during the summer.  In short, these guys passed on work to save me $$$ and to ensure the service was performed at a time when it would be best.  I doubt many other companies would do that.
5	I am IMPRESSED.  I have high expectations so being able to wow me is difficult.  I have a 1946 Ranch home in Central Phoenix.  I just bought the place in June 2013.  I have realized that this house has not been maintained in any way (air, heating, plumbing, gutters, water heater, garage door).  I called benefit out to see if they could help me tune up my 1991 furnace.  Let me tell you how AMAZING MIKE IS!!!Mike was so kind and said hey you got a couple more years on this furnance let me fix it and tune it up and make it run better.  He is more than willing to explain what is wrong and goes the extra distance.  For example, I had a broken switch he found which was not allowing the unit to turn on and he fixed it in a few short minutes.  Next, he pulled out my blower unit and figured out it was wired incorrectly and fixed that.  I'm sure finding switches and parts for this old beast isn't easy, I'm sure selling me a new furnace would be in his benefit but he is happy as pie rehabbing my old unit.  My blower was also covered in paint, as the house had been repainted prior to me moving in and the painters obviously left the furnance blowing while they painted which covered the whole blower in paint and caused it to be unbalanced and such.  Mike fixed everything.  He was cool with my huge 110 pound dog being out.  It was the BEST service experience ever.  I'd happily marry such a man if I could find one as good as MIKE!!
5	Mike and his team at Benefit Air are a pleasure to work with. Thank you for your commitment to customer service!!
5	My air conditioner went out upstairs and I called and they were able to send out a technician within a hour. These guys charge a flat rate + parts which is great! The tech called me when he was on his way and did not keep me waiting. He found the problem, came down and showed me what needed to be replaced, and had my air back on within two hours.Excellent service and I highly recommend them!
