5	Happy with this company. !!!!!
2	Rented from this company a townhouse in LV for 1 year. Upon moving the house had no hot water or heating in good order. Had to stay the first night in a hotel since having an infant, you don't bathe them in cold water. The fixed it the following day but after asking reimbursement of hotel, i neverd heard back from them. They were pretty good to fix things afterwards since the house had some issues having been vacant for a while. At moving time, despite the leases talks about "professionally shampoo the carpet" we did it ourselves with our shampooer, and we got stuck with a 240 dollar deduction from our deposit despite we left the place spotless and much cleaner that we originally found it. 240 for shampooing a carpet, really? We are clean people-the neat freak type. Overall it was a decent experience, but this people need to get their act together  since it seemed they were in over their hands. The carpet thing really left a sour taste in our experience.
2	Two stars because they are pretty good at responding to maintenance issues. I really wanted to give them one star. I lost my job and needed to move back home and they would not let me move. I was told I would have to pay rent until the house was rented. BS! I talked to a real estate agent where I'm moving to and she told me that was unheard of. I keep giving notice that I'm not renewing my lease and every time (it's been three times now) they act like it's the first time I've told them. Plus they had me docusign a lease agreement that was bogus and said I could rent to own which I later was told was not going to be honored. So pretty much the lease I've agreed to is not legal and big surprise I have no copy of it. My real estate agent told me to break a lease it's customary to give 60 days notice and pay one month's rent. These guys are bullies and operating a shady business. Would not recommend them to anyone. Nice house though. Guess that's how they get you.
1	The condition of the house was good when I moved in, however, the rent was extremely high. I also found out that they were renting a home the same size across the street from me for almost $300 less than my rent. When I asked about it, they basically said too bad. ANY inquiry I made to this company was never followed up with unless I called or emailed multiple times. I also couldn't leave voicemail messages due to their vms always being full. The worst part was the move out procedure, or lack of. I purposely did not hang a single picture on the wall to avoid unnecessary charges, but the list of ridiculous items their inspector came up with caused them to keep more than half of my deposit. I emailed them after I learned of their report, but of course no response! I WOULD NEVER USE OR RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY! I rented in Plainfield, Il and felt I was treated very unfairly. BEWARE!!!
