5	Kristie came all the way to Henderson to meet me for one signature I needed notarized took care of business done and done! Thanks Kristie your the best.
5	awesome awesome awesome!!!I just moved to Las Vegas and I was yelping DMVs in the area. I then came across this service option. I gave Kristie a call originally to  ask her about my late registration from Connecticut, she not only gave me the information i needed, but she also made sure to direct me to the right place to get the information she was unsure of. I called back a second time to ask for her business. Why would I go wait in line FOREVER at the DMV when I have the choice not to? :) What I really appreciated was how she DIDN'T push her business on me. She sold me with her professionalism, knowledge of the DMV policies and willingness to just help.Done and Done was created for all the times you've ever wished you had a personal assistant just for the DMV. I never even knew that I had a choice to wait or not to wait.  Glad I do now.
5	Kirstie is great -- a real hard worker who goes the extra mile to help you with all your DMV issues without any kind of hard sell.I had some issues DMV related issues to deal with that I didn't have time or answers for and Kirstie was great to have in my corner for advice and document services. She followed up several times afterwards to make sure everything was going well and even offered to help out with another issue. Kirstie is also mobile so will come to you or meet you somewhere convenient.If you need a simple, effective way of dealing with DMV admin, Kirstie is your new best friend.
5	Kristie is quick, professional and will take care of all your DMV needs that she can. And she will come to you to do it. She was able to take care of my specific needs as well as my friends all in one swoop. I'd recommend her to anyone who hates waiting in lines and wants their DMV needs to get done and done!!!
5	Kristie is truly the GREATEST DMV vixson on the planet. Fantastic communication skills! Her attitude along with her professionalism made me forget I was speaking with a dmv employee. I would recommend her to all friends and family. Truly was a pleasure.Thank you so much and have a wonderful new year!
5	I have to say Kristie is the greatest! I called her yesterday to handle a new title of my business. She met me at my house at the time she said she would be there. She handled the early morning appointment with the DMV then met me at one of my appointments. With my busy day I had it was a blessing having her meet me and the fact that I did not have to sit at the DMV half the day Priceless!!I highly recommend Kristie she will save you countless hours from maintaining you day. THANK YOU KRISTIE!!!!
5	I am so happy to have found Kristie on Yelp! She is very professional and efficient. Her service fee is very reasonable too. I needed to get my car registered and like everybody else, I was dreading to go to DMV and wait all day. I called her and left her a voice message and after couple minutes I got a call back from her. I did the pick up and delivery service. My car was registered in less than 24hours w/o having to wait at the DMV!!! I am so pleased doing business with her! Money well spent. I would highly recommend her.
5	My goodness the horror of getting my car through smog.  Thank God for Kristie of Done and Done.  she did all the DMV leg work to keep the moving permit up to date.  I did get my car to pass but I save days by not having to go to the DMV a half a dozen times.  Kristie you are Danny Vegas Approved
5	Definitely would recommend Done and Done DMV Service! Kristie has helped out our family business, Johnnie Walker RV, when we are in a bind to get paperwork or licensing done with the DMV quickly. She fights the battle so we do not have to!She is always eager to help out, and prompt on communication. Would absolutely recommend to family, friends, and other business establishments.
5	Next to going to the dentist, one of the things I hate doing is going to the DMV.Kristie from Done & Done DMV is a life & time saver.  I seem to end up waiting for the last minute to take care of things like registration for my cars.  Kristie and I met at 10:15AM earlier in the day and after her 2:30 PM reserved slot at DMV, Kristie had my new registration in hand.  Kristie is also very knowledgeable about the laws and guidelines regarding DMV and if she doesn't know she is upfront and tells you that she has to research the question and will get back to you with the right answer.Don't spend any more time at the DMV.  Just call Kristie.  Thanks for everything you have done for me and my family.
5	I had to get a salvage vehicle registered and had to go back and forth to the DMV because I kept on getting different information from the employees there. When an emergency came up and I had to leave the country, I didn't know what to do. That's when I found Kristie on yelp and after reading so many positive reviews I decided to contact her. She responded to my email right away and soon as I got back into town she was ready to help me out. What I couldn't get done in a few days, she got done for me in one morning. I highly recommend this business for efficiency, great service and best of all not over priced for all that they do. Thank you again Kristie if you happen to see this review. You are the best!!!
5	Super Fast and professional Help ! Cause no one wakes up as says " MAN ! ... I'd REALLY like to spend 1/2 a day at the DMV today "  Give them a call - you'll be HAPPY you did . They get it Done & DONE . THANK YOU !!!
5	Every time we need her she's there, courteous and get's the job done with no hassle.  Prices are very fair too!Highly recommend her!  Don't even think twice.Life is too short to waste at the DMV!
5	Kristie has helped me so much on several occasions for dealing with the DMV. This service is a life saver. She's always gone way above and beyond on anything I would expect. She's extremely professional and incredibly courteous. I always recommend Done and Done to anyone who has any issues with the DMV. I'll be a lifetime customer. Simply the best!
