5	Great executive course.  You can use your driver on about 7 holes, the other 11 will be starting with an iron.  So, it is a standard par 60 executive course.  The fairway, green, and the tee were all perfect green grass even in the middle of winter.  The carts worked great.  We went on a friday morning and there were very few other golfers.  So we took our time and really enjoyed ourselves.  The view of Las Vegas on the back nine of this course is breath taking.
4	Good course.  No cart girls and a lot of retirees but nice staff and decent greens.  The tee time was a little $$ but unlike courses like Desert Willows, this course wasn't overbooked, so there was no one playing over top of us.  Would definitely go back here.
4	Simple sweet little course. Expansive views of the LV Strip.
1	So I just played all three of these courses, eagle crest, palm valley and highland falls and it couldn't have been a worst experience. Eagle Crest had no drinking water anywhere, slow greens, mediocre fairways and overall just a really short simple course. Worth 40 bucks? i think not. I stopped midway to get a quick bite to eat and asked for a cup of ice water. The lady served me a cup full with black dusty things in it. I told her and her response was "yes, that's from the ice, and we can't do anything about it unfortunately" ....seriously? what is this mexico? i may have expected this at some crummy run down course on the east side of vegas but i thought this was summerlin? WOW, how about not serve it if it is full of black things? So she takes the cup and refills it and tells me "there is less black stuff in this one"...i can't make this kind of shit up. She made sure to fill me up with 1$ bills after i paid to ensure herself a tip..it didn't work though. This is my review of Eagle Crest, my review of Highland falls is much worst. I am not some person who sits around complaining because i have enjoyed several courses in Vegas and would never complain about them. Would i ever play here again? hell no, and i would advise the same for everyone else.
4	Little known and less appreciated gem of a golf course. I just finished playing this well groomed and beautiful course. For an executive course it offers a fun challenge for golfers of all skill levels. It's in better condition than most of the more expensive courses and offers just as much fun. There are several holes you can unleash your driver and challenge your short game. With an upgrade to the food and beverage area this would be a 5 star experience. Thanks to the staff for making my experience so enjoyable.
4	Nice executive course.  Not over played or crowded.  Good value for money.  Everything was in good condition.  The greens are very challenging.  The driving range is a little close to a couple of the holes but it's not too big of a deal.  The practice area includes a putting green, chipping green, a large sand trap and a grass driving range.  All very nice.Their loyalty card is a great deal.  The card costs $10 and gives you $5 off on most tee times (if it's already only $15 dollars for a mid-day summer tee time you don't get it for $10).  You also get a small bucket of balls with every paid round, a $2 value.  So that's $7 bucks in value right there the day you buy it.  After 8 paid rounds you get a dozen free balls and a free round.
4	This review is for the practice facility only, I have never played the course. This is one of the best deals for a practice facility in town. $6 for a large bucket (roughly 75 balls) is tough to beat. Factor in that you can actually hit off of grass Monday-Wednesday and this is why I frequent this range. The mats (Thursday-Sunday) are better quality than what you get somewhere like Angel Park... and because it is not grass seven days a week you can usually get a station with good spots to hit from.... not just endless divots (looking at you Siena). A large practice green and a good size chipping green (with adjacent bunker) make this the best value spot for golf practice on the west side. Downsides: slow greens and wish it was grass 7 days per weekTip: get the punch card. Saves you money if are going to frequent the range. Which you should.
5	Had a really nice day at Eagle Crest  while vacationing in Vegas. We weren't really up to a long, hard course and this one more than met our expectations.  Beautifully kept greens, we will come back. Awesome price. No complaints! !
