4	What can I say, this place is an Albertsons... Definitely not high-end like Whole Foods, but not bottom of the barrel either. It is always clean, bright, and organized. The selection is vast, and since I've seen things behind the scenes, I know they work hard to keep only fresh and undamaged food on the shelves. disclosure: I used to work here
4	Good clean store with helpful staff. I wish someday there could be the perfect mix of Costco, Fresh and Easy, and a store like this, so I could finally shop in one place.
5	Great Place. Clean and cool in the summers. The Starbucks inside is awesome. Better than Safeway or Fry's.
4	I can't say enough about this grocery store. They have excellent customer service and I never experience cashier lines more than one or two people deep. They have a small selection of Organic vegetables, but the quality is very high; a decent selection of beer - beyond the usual bud light / coors light offering and the selection of baking supplies is as good as I've seen at a grocery store. I'll go out of my way to shop here.
4	When I think of Albertsons I always think of the sketchy one near my house in Tucson, so I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into this one.It's clean and well lit. It's easy to navigate. The line to check out wasn't long at all.I really liked their wine selection and they had my favorite Chateau Ste. Michelle Riesling refrigerated. Win!
5	I love this Albertson's more than the one near where I live.  However, we were in the area and picking up a few items.  They are always super friendly, great customer service, great deals.  I consistently get great service here and love it, which is why I keep coming back.  Only went in for one item and came out with a half of grocery cart full of stuff because I found great deals.  My only complaint is they need to repave the parking lot.  It's awful, but because they ALWAYS have great customer service, I still give them 5 stars!!!
5	Best local pharmacy! As a person that manages multiple medications, it is such a benefit to have a neighborhood pharmacy that is accessible and helpful. I almost don't want to write this review - as I don't want them to become too busy!  :)  Liz is awesome and always helpful AND she remembers me.  I would prefer to work with a person versus doing the mail order prescriptions. If you are looking for customer service, this is the place!!!
