5	I come from a chatty family.  With that said, my sister ALWAYS meets someone interesting when she flies -- she's so outgoing!On her flight here to visit me, she met a man from Bangladesh that lives in Chandler.  During their discussion she told him of her love of Indian food, and he told her about this brand-new Indian & Pakistani restaurant.This place is AMAZING.  The decor is really beautiful -- the tables have these colorful, carved wood chairs.  Very unusual, but very pretty.We opted for the buffet -- it's nice to have variety, and it gives you a good idea of the caliber of a place -- and EVERYTHING was awesome.  One of the first things I tried was Indus chicken.  It reminds me a little of tandoori chicken -- it doesn't have any sauce -- but different.  It was incredible -- really tender, and I don't know what the seasoning was, but it was so yummy, I wanted to roll myself in it...The chicken tikka masala, the paneer tikka masala, aloo gobi, rice, raita, okra, and chickpeas -- everything was wonderul.  Then, there is the naan.  Oh holy mother of God, the naan.  Hands down, the best I've ever had!  With that said, it was a *little* pricey -- with the buffet and drink it was about $18 (without tip).The owner of the restaurant was so friendly -- very chatty -- loved hearing about how my sister heard about his restaurant.  Most of the people eating there were South Asian -- so you KNOW it rocks.I don't live close to Chandler, but I will be back, AND OFTEN!  If you love Indian food, I implore you -- RUN, DON'T WALK to this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Just remember to go hungry - it may be a little expensive, but it's SO worth it!
4	I have found it! A good indo/paki restaurant in Chandler.  A little hard to find just south of the Big Lots on Warner and Alma School rd.  The dinner prices are low. I mean hard to find anything over 7.99 low.  The portions seem small until you eat with naan and rice and then it really isn't.  Hands down the best naan I've had around here (because it's fresh and not overcooked)  The saag, CTM, Eggplant were all very good and spicy.  The owner is a cool dude who checks on you frequently and is a very nice person.  The decor is very bright.  For me could be a little cooler in the restaurant, but minor quibble.  Count me a fan - Will come back to try the rest of the menu.  The wife, who is a fierce critic of Indian food really enjoyed it.  Hooray for Chandler!
5	Sara F. what restaurant did you go to?!??! This place is as great, lunch or dinner buffet, you name it is good. I would like to consider myself a bit of an expert on Indian food, especially buffets. I grew up eating Indian food and I love my parents for it!I loved that they have goat and lamb! Not many Indian buffets have either of those meats, or only have them on special occasions. Not Indus Village! I have been to lunch many times and they always have the chicken curry, I always skip the chicken though, the sauce is so so YUM!They seem to have the same main dishes and change out a few other ones. But personally I have found a place where they have dishes I love, so I hope they have the same few dishes every time I'm there! This place doesn't disappoint!
3	This is a Pakastani restaurant not an Indian one. While there is overlap between the two cuisines, it's not the same. Pakastani food involves more grilled items and is less spicy. It's food involves less sauce, cream and heat (chile).The food was good but it tastes like really well made home cooked food as opposed to restaurant quality food. In some ways it was better in that it was less greasy and tasted fresh. In other ways it was worse because the execution on the vegetarian dishes was quite poor.My biggest peeve was that many items were not available on the menu. Many of those items were basic. like Malai Kofta, Dahl Makhani, Shahi paneer and Paneer masala. In other words, the most notable Indian dishes on the menu were not available which confirms my observations above. Not one Dahl  was available that night. The owner claimed those dishes required too much prep time and since they make things fresh, those items were not available. Funny because every other Indian restaurant makes those dishes daily and they taste fine to me. I think the real reason is he didn't have a lot of cream and they were understaffed in the kitched and couldn't prepare those dishes on the spot.  That being said, I do recommend this restaurant if you primarily go to Indian restaurants to eat Tandoori and grilled items. Indus Village seems to specialize in those dishes and I wouldn't be suprised if those dishes are some of the best in Phoenix. They really take pride in their grilled items. However this is not a vegan or vegetarian place. Yes, they have "vegan" mentioned somewhere on the menu but that is a joke. Eating vegetarian at a Pakastani restaurant is like asking for high fiber foods at a BBQ restaurant.
4	I first found this place in May right after we moved here, so my review is probably overdue ... it's a long, interesting story of what-did-happen. I thought I wrote one already ...Anyway, we were in the first week of a month-long hotel stay and always looking for good desi (particularly Pakistani) food. So we walked in to check it out, not planning on staying for dinner at that point. But the owner was so friendly and welcoming we changed our minds fast. I would recommend the buffet over the menu unless there's something specific you want - it's varied with a lot of dishes to choose from. Things I particularly liked - the chicken tikka which is not completely covered in spice so you can really taste the grill of the meat instead of gulping water frantically. You don't find that in a lot of places. There is sometimes music on weekends - best to call ahead but it really adds to the atmosphere - very cool. The other thing I specifically wanted to mention was the lack of yogurt on the buffet. When I didn't find it (my 2nd time) I asked for some and was given a huge cereal bowl full - it was so delicious I had to eat the whole thing. It was homemade, fresh every day.Others have covered the decor, completely authentic - very nice. The owner told us the furniture (chairs at least) came directly from Pakistan. I've been here about 4 times now and it is always a fallback. Also, during Ramadan they offered free Iftar food every night. This restaurant is actually the second one with the same name and management - the first is in Berkeley, CA and has been there for years. Wonderful to find it here too!If you have the slightest interest in Pakistani / Indian cuisine, try this place - I'm pretty sure you won't be sorry!
4	Husband and I decided to try something different for dinner and were looking for fresh Indian-like food and discovered a gem in the rough.  Once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of Indian/Pakistani food at the door, you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience.  We opted for the dinner buffet, which gave us a great variety of some fantastic Indian-Pakistani fare.  All the chicken dishes were excellent, naan was some of the best I've had, spinach and lentils were also great.  Staff were friendly and took requests for items not  offered in the buffet.  Great value for great food.  It's a must try.
5	One of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to. We went for a lunch buffet and had to loosen at least 2 notches on the belt. The chicken dishes were authentic mughlai and the vegeterian dishes were very flavorful. The kheer for desert was to die for. I would go back to Chandler, AZ to eat here again.
4	Indus here is nice inside & has a lot of character, much of it coming from the outrageously decorated high-back chairs.  Unfortunately, the table legs are barely far enough apart to slip the chairs underneath, making it very difficult to get up & down for your food!  Also, the front blinds were pulled up at lunchtime, making it glary inside.  They have overhead lights which would have done a better job by themselves.  I was whining to myself about all this until I started biting into the food.  Ooohhh, the food!After some tasty tea & a simple salad, I started sampling the various hot dishes.  There's plenty of meat here... chicken, beef, lamb, mutton... all of it terrific, & all of it with names too long & screwy to remember all the way back to the table.  Ok, there was Biryani, for one thing.  This was some terrific rice with an array of things in it, including meat.  Also, there was hot Naan bread, brought to the table by my lovely server, & even THAT was special!  It was just plain, except for butter, but oh what delicious dough it was made from, & it was cooked to be soft in the middle & crunchy around the edges.  I loved it... & whatever all the rest of the food was here, it was all terrific!*  2-Stars for the too-narrow tables & the glary blinds-up lighting.*  5-Stars for the food, the service, & the price!Lunch Buffet $7.95 including hot tea.
3	Let me start with the first thing in my mind: The naan was crunchy, not soft.  Did they spot the jew in me as I walked in?  Thanks but I don't need you to make a lame attempt to honor Passover for me.Beyond that, this place is going to get another one of my typical reviews: Meh (tm).  I had my hopes up after reading the reviews, but I hit the lunch buffet yesterday and was a little disappointed.  Yeah, the decor is interesting, but who cares when you're the only one there?  The fact that it's stuck on the side of a sad shopping center with a Big Lots! and a oh-my-god-you-must-buy-our-furniture-before-we-close-which-will-never-happen furniture store doesn't really help its case.The vegetable choices tasted bland.  The meat dishes were ok, which is why I even gave 3 stars.  I'm starting to think maybe I expect every Indian restaurant to have dishes that taste like those of my favorite place back in CA, which isn't really fair.  But even so, $31 for two lunch buffets w/ Diet Cokes?  Give me a break.I won't be going back here.  More for you guys that like it, I guess.
5	This place was awesome! I don't have much point of reference for Pakistani cuisine, but I definitely enjoy good Indian food. The food was diverse, fresh and delicious. I went to a dinner buffet here, and the spread was unique and varied. The price was great also compared to what you would spend at a similar sit-down restaurant.On top of this, the atmosphere was fun, and this is important to me for any restaurant that's not fast food. The owner was friendly and engaging, giving us a brief story about the background of the food and culture. Highly recommended for group occasions especially.
4	Been to this place a couple of times. I love the weekend buffet because it has a create your chaat corner and I love paani poori. The rest of the buffet is mediocre but this place would get a 5 just for my bias towards chaat..but since most of u have no clue what that is.. 4 overall !
5	I'm giving it 5 stars purely on the food I received.Yes - it was empty on a week night and service was so so but only the owner was there, yes -  the decorations are fabulous and the chairs a bit uncomfortable.No - I have no idea what style of Indian food it is or what most of the names mean on the menu, no - I haven't been there for the buffet but if it's anything remotely close to the quality I had on a week night, pay the money!Run, don't walk to this gem in the far southwest corner of the shopping plaza. Hoping the recent facelift will help but I had no clue this place was there until I walked by. The naan and chana masala are amazing and the lamb (boti kabobs) - sweet mercy  - it's full cuts of meat, no fat and not ground up. Sweet and spicy and cooked to perfection with wonderful chutney's on the side. Order take out or sit on the floor if you really don't like the chairs but go and check it out...it's worth it.
5	Though this place is a little hard to see from the street definitely make the effort to find it! Great decor, very friendly staff, good food. The nan bread was a little too cooked but tasty overall. I was there for the lunch menu and I was shocked to see there were not more people there. The price is typical for Indian buffet..I think 10-11 per person. My favorite was their house curry, it has been a few weeks since I have been there but have not stopped thinking about that dish!
4	It's been almost 5 months since I was here, & I'm happy to report that it's still good!  I was joined yesterday by Donald S., Brian C., Heather C., Audrey W., & Mike C. for the lunch buffet.  They had salad, chicken, lamb, & mutton dishes & a number of veggie selections, & we all had a great time!  It's Pakistani food, with a bit of Indian (Chicken Tikki Masala this time, for instance) thrown in.Indus Village opens at 11:30 AM, & the Lunch Buffet is $7.95.
4	Had a great lunch boofay here today with fellow yelpers Brian C.,Heather C.,Donald S.,Audrey C. and Rand H. Well to start the decor is a little different but very nice and very comfy , the big fancy chairs that Rand did  not like, i did like (sorry Rand). The main dishes were all very good . They had 4 or 5 chicken dishes, lamb, mutton and about 4 or 5 veggie dishes. and only one dessert but it was good , it was the Indian style rice pudding you know the one with no cinnamon or raisons but still good . Yay I am a fan
3	I'm hard to please on buffets, but Indus was easily a 3.5 for me.I had a delightful lunch with a few of the boys of boofay recently (Rand H, Donald S, and Mike C) who were gracious enough to allow Audrey W and I a guest pass. I stuck with more familiar dishes like curry and chicken tikki masala and was not disappointed.  I even threw in a salad for good measure.  You know, to fill you up so you don't eat as much?  Didn't work unfortunately.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  Our server was sweet as can be ensuring we had plenty of delicious naan available.  If I had brought a bigger bag I probably would have stuffed the leftovers into it.  Maybe that's why so many women are fond of handbags that really should be on wheels.Indus is outside my 5-mile radius, but I would definitely pay it another visit if in the area.  I'm especially curious about their regular menu.
3	I have attempted to sample the buffet here on three separate occasions.  The first time they did not have the buffet because of Ramadan.  The next attempt the restaurant was closed for AC issues.  Today I visited and there was no one to greet us and no buffet in site.  My coworkers now refer to this as the imaginary buffet.  It's great if you are on a diet.The food I tried the first visit was pretty tasty, although their tandoor oven was out of order so they could not provide the naan we ordered.Maybe they should have spent less on the chairs....
4	I like this place. I struggled between giving them a 3 or 4, but I think they deserve a 4.naan is good - 5tandoori chicken - 5kabobs and stuff -3qorma/tikkas - 4Service - 4Its good food. Not too spicy, the naan is fresh. The one thing to look out for with Indian food places is not the spicy stuff that will kick you while you are eating it, but the stuff with tons of garam masala that will make you feel remorseful after you ate the buffet. I think this place stays well clear of that line for their own benefit.I'm really not feeling the decorations, the place is a little cramped due to the chairs and tables.Desserts, I don't know, I didn't really fall for them. I'm a picky Indian, and I only eat a few desserts which Indus chooses not to have.good place for indo/pak food.
5	I really really enjoyed this place and boyfriend and I got a huge amazing meal for $20 all together. Can't beat that!The greatness: Their garlic naan is amazing and so so so much garlic. I was in heaven. The chicken tikaa masala was wonderful. The lunch special -- $4.99 (can you believe that, $4.99!) got a sizeable entree, rice, a small salad, two dipping sauces, and some chickpea something or other. Just looked on their online menu and definitely didn't see all the stuff they have advertised there, but they had lots of varied entrees and great stuff all around. The chairs? I love the chairs! So fun!
5	I looove this place!Thank God it just around the corner from my house.  Their menu is small but everything on it is delicious.  The Chicken Tikka Masala sauce is delicious - I could just drink it by itself... mmmm...  the aloo baingan (excuse the spelling) is awesome!!!  The prices are also amazing... dinner meals starting at 6.99 (entree, basmati rice, naan and dal...mmmm).
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =*  The bad news:  The folks here have closed this place & moved their business over to California.*  The good news:  Copper Kettle (Buffet) has moved in here!  The food is similar to what it was before (Pakistani), & it's good!     :-))
