4	Love the Jamba Juice, especially the "Berry Fulfilling". Reasonably quick service, with a little dose of apathy thrown in (in my experience), but the drinks are out of this world.All natural, great as a substitute for a snack, free vitamin boosts, and kids love them too.
5	Love this place.  The cream smoothies are my favorite.  I with they weren't quite so expensive though.  I love when I get a coupon for buy one get one.  The customer service is always wonderful though.
4	And they know how to keep me going...with their coupons it is easy to share a smoothie with any fav person! Good variety and one of the fewest places where you get Acai to taste!
5	Went in there to get a couple of Jamba Juices, and I had taken the lid off mine and put it back on, I thought anyway.  And of course When I picked it up to go, I dropped the whole damn thing on the floor, counter, chairs, etc.  It went EVERYWHERE!  I wiped up what I could, and the people who worked there made me another one for free.  They were very tasty, icy and refreshing, and the service is top notch.   Five stars for this Jamba Juice, thank you!
5	Always fresh juice. Always friendly customer service. Always clean location. Will go here again for sure if I am in the vicinity.
5	Love Jamba Juice! The fresh squeezed OJ is unlike anything you've ever tasted. Matcha green tea shots are great for a quick pick me up without the crash later. The guys at Jamba are great and will make special requests like my daughters favorite raspberry dream.
5	Love Jamba Juice! Fresh made smoothies and delicious hot oatmeal. If you see a menu item that sounds pretty good don't be afraid to ask for a tweak. The workers are always accommodating with changing recipes to suit your tastes.
4	This place is cool.  My daughters really like their smoothies.I usually order the "White Gummy Bear", which they actually took off the menu a number of years ago.  They are still gracious enough to make it for me.Jamba Juice is perfect to combat the Arizona summer blues..
4	One of my favorite quick and healthy breakfast spots. Especially when you're armed with a BOGO!I stick to the 'All Fruit' or the 'Fruit and Veggie' varieties. Scared of adding a little extra produce to your beverage? Don't be. Your daily serving of leafy greens can be pretty delicious when mixed in with fruit and sugar. Also, be sure to try out the Sweet Belgian Waffle. It's baked to a crisp with a hint of tasty vanilla flavoring. Highly addicting and complements nearly any smoothie.
4	Confession time: I worked at Jamba Juice in my younger days. Since then, thankfully, they have upgraded and updated their high caloric and somewhat unhealthy menu (Frozen yogurt and chocolate sauce? Don't kid yourself) to include FRESH fruit juices, filled with greens like spinach and apples plus the addition of to go breakfast and lunch items.I suspect they will continue to improve their menu as they go along.As always: I say ask employees for their recommendations (as they know best). I got the Tropical Greens, as I was advised it was sweeter than my normal Garden Medley. I also got some crushed ice added as it cooled down the greens and added a little more volume. They also have Coconut Water refreshers in time for Summer.Now, if they only had ORGANIC greens and such - this would be a 5 star review. Love Jamba Juice though, and will keep returning : ) Woohoo! Health in a cup!
3	Have always been a fan of Jamba Juice, if you're looking for a refreshing drink that is at least remotely healthy JJ is the place to go.The only problem with this particular Jamba Juice is consistency, sometimes I'll go in and get a nice and full cup of juice, other times they only partially fill my drink and dump the extra down the sink :(.Overall, a good place to grab a quick healthy juice.
4	You can't go wrong with a refreshing Jamba on a hot AZ day! Like others said, it's always better to come when you have a bogo coupon but every so often it's worth going without a coupon! I always add the boosters to it. The wheat grass is not worth trying..
5	Loving the new fresh pressed juice options! The staff here at this location is always wonderful! I usually stop in on my lunch break and can get in and out fairly quickly. There's usually a sample of something I haven't tried yet so that's always nice.
3	Jamba juice is very tasty, nutritious, and refreshing. They follow a simple but effective formula: yummy fruit and/or veggie plus friendly service, mix well equals delicious juice. They have so many choices that sound good and they make the juice the right amount of thickness, which is smooth... like a smoothie should be.I ordered the Caribbean Passion smoothie which has strawberries, peaches, passion fruit-mango juice and orange sherbet. I enjoyed it and would recommend it if you like those fruits.
4	I love healthy drinks place like this. Wish there are more around.
