4	Despite a very short working relationship with the Citrus Club ( I worked there for a night) I quite like this club, which is in small cul de sac just off Lothian Road. My interview with the owner was more of a friendly chat than an intimidating interrogation, and I gathered that the club is probably one of the oldest in Edinburgh! Today, the bar area is quite modern looking, and leads to a garage-like dancefloor with dj booth intact. However, it's changed along with the many fads and trends of the decades; at one point all the walls were white; it's difficult to imagine how practical a white walled nightclub could have been!The club is currently only open on Friday and Saturday nights, but they're planning to introduce a dubstep Thursdays theme. I worked there on a Saturday, and sitting on my throne (in the cloak room) I really enjoyed the indies mix of music, which the DJ puts together himself. I'd recommend it for a relaxed/casual night out, as it's quite laid back compared to some of the other clubs in Edinburgh.
4	I used to shiver at the thought of going to Citrus, but now I've come to accept it, for what it is... A grungy, dirty black pit with good tunes!  Second to GoGo at Studio 24, it's probably the only club you can go to for good indie or retro soul music.  Upon entering you faced with the bar selling a range of drinks, but they are pretty dear.  Further into the club you can find a cloak room and lime green toilets opposite. At the end of the warren is the black pit.  A dance floor on two levels and the DJ in the far corner.  There is no fine design or luxury here, it's concrete floors and black walls.  Basic and no nonsense.  I guess that's why people come here, for the music and to dance.  It's not full of stilettos, fake tan, male peacocks and George Street naff, it's good honest friendly people having a drink, dancing like no ones watching and having a good time! Just don't wear your good shoes here though, the dance floor is usually covered in spilt drink from too much shape cutting!
