3	Watch out, froyo fans, there is a new game in town.  From what I can tell, the Frog is based in Virginia.  Unfortunately, their Twitter feed is completely stale, promising discounts that have yet to materialize after a year and their web site is dated, not even mentioning a Charlotte location as coming soon even though it is now open.  They do have a Facebook page, but it is mostly to express your love.In general, if you have been to somewhere like Yoforia, then you know what you are in for here - grab a cup, load up with your yogurt, pile on the toppings, weigh in (at 39.9 cents per ounce) and pay the piper.  Unlike some other outlets, only one current offering - the 'original' - is billed as tart.  The others are more traditional ice cream flavors, such as cake batter, cookies and cream, peanut butter, raspberry and so forth.On the taste?  It may be the smoothest, most normal I have tried - without that slightly off-kilter taste you can get into with some frozen yogurt.  Even the sugar free nonfat raspberry was pretty awesome.  You will, however, want to be prepared - the bright neon pink and green colors of the place are not always soothing, and the background music is appropriate for High School Musical, so you may want to pull up a chair outside.Also be warned - the staff, while friendly, is CiCi's friendly: They greet you on arrival, as you pull up to the counter, as you leave, etc... wallflowers need not visit the Frog!
2	Frozen yogurt is a dessert that I can eat without feeling too incredibly guilty. I'm not sure whether I *should* feel that way, but I do, so don't try to enlighten me.  Ignorance is bliss, you know.Anyways, as a Yoforia devotee, I was excited when Sweet Frog opened just down the street from my apartment, since it's the same kind of self-serve froyo concept.  Unfortunately, I was pretty disappointed.  Their space (which used to be a Marble Slab) is way too small for that kind of layout: people were tripping over and stepping on one another because there just wasn't enough room. The staff is nice, but disorganized and too persistent.  The girl working asked me five or twelve times if I wanted a tasting cup, and the cups themselves were at the register instead of at the froyo dispensers.Finally, I was disappointed in the yogurt itself.  The first couple bites were okay, but it soon became all but flavorless. It wasn't really worth the calories at that point.Perhaps I shall try Sweet Frog again, especially since Chad's experience seemed to be better than mine.  I hope they get their act together, since the Yoforia nearest to me is a good 15 minutes away.  Hrmph.
4	I am addicted to fro-yo...there is nothing better than an original tart fro-yo with mangos and strawberry pieces! That being said I love this location! We have a sweet frog in Durham close to school...but the staff there isn't nearly as friendly as the staff here. The girls in the shop are just so nice and the place is always clean! Not to mention the fruit as been 100% ripe every time. Nothing is worse than putting fruit on  your fro-yo to find it under-ripe! If you want Fro-yo this is your place! And it is cheaper than some places at only 39 cents an ounce!
5	You can fix your froyo just how you like it! Ok my sister and I were looking for a cupcake place. It was my nieces 1st birthday and even though we had a party planned for Sat we wanted to do something for our little princess on her day..... so we literally stumbled across Sweet Frog because I saw colorful little people chairs outside the store front...We went in to see what Sweet Frog was and saw that it was self serve frozen yogurt..... I was a little hesitant - I mean self serve?? Was I dreaming??? and I add the toppings myself???? How dare they LOL! The froyo was so sweet I had to keep checking to make sure it wasn't ice cream.. plus there were plenty of toppings to choose from! Did I mention that it was self serve? I mean how much better does it get? I've been on a Froyo kick here lately and I always feel like they skimp on the toppings...I was able to fix my froyo the way I wanted with the right balance of toppings and didn't have to pay for extra toppings because it's by weight.....I ended up paying around $5.00 and I usually end up spending $8 at other places with less Froyo and fewer toppings....LOVE IT - YUMMY
5	I think Adam has gone crazy if he prefers yoforia to sweet frog, i literally drive across town past the yoforia place to get to sweet frog its so good!!  Cheap as it gets in the froyo game at 39 cents an ounce, and i like the sweet ones so that is what i am comparing.  I get cake batter and cheesecake everywhere and i swear the cake batter here tastes so close to marble slab itself its unreal.  Some of the other froyo places are bland but this is not one of them.  Highly recommend from an ice cream addict/connoisseur :)
4	Just as quickly as the cupcake craze has taken off, so has the frozen yogurt industry!  I mean, what ever happened to good old TCBY?  I know they are still hanging on by a thread but good grief!  They certainly have major competition!  Now there is Yoforia, Tasty-yo, Pinkberry, etc.  I support the overall idea and I love the places that allow you to put on your own toppings.  It is much more comfortable to just load up your own cup as opposed to saying to the employee "can you add a few more chunks of chocolate and would you mind saturating my yogurt with the hot fudge?  Great, thank you."Sweet Frog is one of those places that allows you to "load your own" and I must say, the toppings always look fresh and plentiful!  But let's talk about the yogurt first...They may not have as many flavors as Yoforia but what they do offer is always VERY good.  It is super creamy and the flavors individually make a statement!  I don't know if anyone else has experienced this but when I put three or so flavors in my cup, they usually all start to blend together.  It just all tasted like vanilla or sugar ice.  But these flavors are so distinct and sooo full of flavor!  They have their "standard" flavors that are all good--Cookies and Cream, Strawberry banana, Cake Batter, Vanilla, Peanut Butter, etc.  But, their seasonal flavors this year have been FABULOUS!  I tried their pumpkin and their apple pie flavors and they were divine.  It literally tasted like pie!  You can pick your size and mix as many flavors as you wish or they give you the "swirl" option on each machine.  The only thing that wigs me out about the froyo spots is where it says "live cultures."  I know that is supposed to be a good thing but for some reason it doesn't exactly help my appetite when I read that before loading up.  That's just me though!  I also like the fact that this place has a good old fashioned vanilla.  It isn't tart, greek, sour or whatever else...just old school McDonald's cone vanilla style!Next stop--the toppings!  They are great--all types of candy (chocolaty or sugary), wafers, coconut, chocolate chips, fruit, nuts, etc.  Then they have amazing sauces--Marshmallow cream, caramel, hot fudge, peanut butter (my favorite), honey, etc.  So good!  You have all you need to make a perfect treat.  You can make it as healthy or as unhealthy as you prefer.Definitely a great alternative to the typical "go-to" yogurt spot, yoforia.
4	I've been driving by and meaning to stop in to Sweet Frog for the longest time since I saw it open... yeah, that was probably a year ago.  Anyways, I finally got to try it out the other night.First impression:  futuristic, clean, white surfaces.... Same set up as all the other froyo places, but this place has a more playful appearance.  Right away I was surprised at the number of toppings (seemed to be more than a Yoforia or other competitor store).  I tried a combo of cheesecake and cookies and cream and started piling on the toppings.The hot fudge dispenser was a little unkind to my friend and had some air bubbles in it... The fudge eventually came out, but not before some air pockets were released.  I thought my cup was going to be close to $5, but at 39.9 cents per ounce, it came up to $3 and some change.  DECENT!I think my favorite part about this place were the stools... I kept wanting to swivel and spin... and found out how to adjust the height with the fun, spherical buttons on the sides.The staff was super friendly - apparently the store is Christian based, they had some Christian rock playing in the background.  As we were leaving, the staff was peeling fresh mangoes to cut up for the bin - great to see freshness and original toppings!
4	I love froyo but being a resident of LA for years it is hard to fathom eating anything other than Pinkberry.  I had a major craving the other day and turned around and wouldn't you know it froyo aka Sweet Frog (I realize there is a froyo place on every corner these days but you know).  I am a fan!  There were a ton of great flavors to choose from I usually stick to plain old tart but with choices like pistachio and watermelon I had some tough choices to make.  MMMmmmm Pistachio you are my  new craving...top it with some wet walnuts, and fresh fruit I would eat this everyday.  I'm happy I found a new froyo place I can't wait till my next visit.
4	Really impressed with this Sweet Frog. The pistachio yogurt was amazing and they had so many great toppings!  I also liked that they kept everything filled and fresh and though they were crazy busy, the place was immaculate and well organized.
5	Ate there yesterday with my sister and 7 nieces!  Everybody loved it.  The place was clean, the service was great, the yogurt yummy!  I'd like to open one back home in Michigan!One suggestion, watch your kids or they'll take way more than they can eat.
5	Best fro-yo place I've been! Delicious flavors, tons of toppings, happy employees, wonderful price. Thanks!
5	I love this place!!!  I first was introduced to Sweet Frog in VA and have never looked back!  So I was shocked to see that in Rock Hill they just opened one!  Yay!  They have different kinds of frozen yogurt and the best part all the fresh fruit for toppings.  Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, you name it.  Also candy toppings if you want.  If you have not been to Sweet Frog you are missing out.  This is hands down the best.
1	I was going to Sweet Frogs in Matthews NC on a regular basis and always taking friends and family. Tonight I went to get my favorite Cake Batter! II noticed immediately that it was a different color and texture. I ask the girl working about the difference. She said they changed and started making "their own" instead of the "Sweet Frog" mixture. what?! She said she didn't like it and other customers had complained. I gave it 5 stars months ago but not now when they take a great thing and to "save money" they mess it up. I would think Sweet Frogs recipe should be just that and not an imitation !
4	Very good yogurt, tons of options for toppings and syrups. Always neat and spotless inside, and the employees are always very friendly. A bit pricey, but worth it. Only downside is all of the Christian music and decor inside.
5	Literally my favorite fro-yo spot! It's so colorful and employees are always friendly. Plus, you can pick your flavors/toppings which is fantastic for a fickle person like me! I never get the same concoction twice!
4	I enjoy sweet frog, and I'm a fan of this location. I love the variety of flavors. Frozen Yogurt isn't something I was really familiar with until I moved to NC from Michigan. I think what I like best about Sweet Frog is the Fresh berry and fruit toppings, I love getting some cheesecake frozen yogurt and piling on fresh fruit! Love it, and will be back again!
4	One of the new go-to places for us. The kids love it.
5	I have gone to every other fro-yo store (Yoforia, Pinkberry, you name it), and none compare to Sweet Frog. Sweet Frog has a larger variety of flavors and toppings, as well as creamier tasting yogurt. Very, very good.
4	Sweet Frog is probably my favorite create-your-own-fro-yo-sundae spot.  While a lot of places have yogurt flavors that all taste the same, SF has some great favors, which they switch up regularly.  I like the boba flavors they offer here, as well as the many other great toppings.  When I am in the area, this is the place I always hit up for dessert.
2	Sweet frog is located beside starbucks in the matthews shopping center. It's the smallest space and there's not much room to move around. This location is packed during the summer months. The way they have the machines and toppings set up is fine, but it is really difficult to queue up and to know who is in front of you and who is not. The flavors are alright, nothing special. They have a TON of toppings, though. The employees are nice enough, but nothing really shines about this Froyo joint. I'd much rather go to YoForia or pinkberry.
5	Great staff, enough seats, awesome selection, pretty cheap.  Love bringing the wife and kid here.  Probably go at least 3 times a month.  Love it
5	Best selection of toppings anywhere!  The store is always clean and tidy, and the staff is friendly. Could use more outside seating, but that just means they are well- liked.
5	Just love this place. Convenient, great yogurt/ice cream, & awesome choices for my kids!
