4	If you like the Big Bang...you will like the Shout House. Biggest difference is FOOD! That's right as you enjoy your slow service and live entertainment, you can actually nibble on something. I personally prefer it over Big Bang for this fact. I ned somethign to line the stomach as I enjoy a drink, and if I am going to pay to get into a place I like it to be a one stop shop.
4	I've been to the Shout House a couple times now, on a Friday and a Saturday night.  Saturday night the place was packed, with a majority of the tables taken (or set aside for reservations) by 7:00.  Friday was a little more laid back.  I believe on the weekends the cover is $5 before 7:00, after that it is $10.  They have various special during the weeknights as well.  Always lots of "birthdays" being celebrated, and you can submit song requests (accompanied by a tip).  There always seems to be an intoxicated schmuck in the front getting a little carried away, but security seems to always be on top of things.  My go to drink has been the Big Ass Beer ($7 for the first, $5 for refills same day only).  All in all a good place to take a group of friends for as much or less than it would cost to go to a club.
1	I will NEVER, EVER go back here. End of story. I went with the boyfriend right after it opened in Feb. '08. It was some special neither of us paid cover and it was $5 cosmos for ladies. The funny thing is my beer drinking BF ordered a Cosmo and received it for $5, maybe the waitress thought this funny or something, I sure did. Anyway, the music was out of sync between the two piano players, the kitchen was closed and it was only 10 or 11 PM and the guy playing the piano reminded me of a super annoying Joe Pesci with his dumb jokes. They embarrassed some drunk girl on her birthday with really vulgar stuff. I'm not a prude, in fact I'm pretty foul mouthed and minded, but if this guy said that stuff to me I probably would have knocked him right off his piano stool. We finished the only drink we ordered, payed our bill and booked it to The Yardhouse to enjoy the reverse happy hour and some beer.
3	I am telling you, with the people I was with Saturday night, we can make any place rock.My time at The Shout House was tons of fun, but I don't think it had anything to do with the place itself.  I was appalled at the cover charge...I HATE COVER CHARGE!  Luckily I was with a party, so I didn't have to pay.  Felt bad for others.I ordered a Greyhound...which was all grapefruit juice...no vodka at all.My food was good.  Nothing great.  (Just a regular burger and fries) My friend had a Veggie Burger, which she said tasted like cardboard.  The server was very accommodating (and agreed with her) and changed her order to a salad.Now there are 4 musicians that rotate...we could tell who the "stars" were...2 of them plan out sucked and had a hard time getting the crowd going. (Even after the Cardinals game was over)  One of them was an obvious 80's hair band has has has been. The other two, Travis and blah can't remember his name, were very entertaining.  I have to admit, though, that Travis sounded like Weird Al Yankovic.It is great for birthdays....especially for girls who like to get their boobs fondled.  I had to put in 3 requests for my friends birthday before they got to it.  (Of course they had no problem taking my friends money)Will I go back again?  Sure.  Only with my group of friends though.
4	I'm a big fan of this place, but I'm not a big fan of their 10 dollar cover charge.  I guess I can look at it as paying for the entertainment because I never get close enough to the stage to tip.  Although, I have noticed that there is not always a cover, and sometimes it is cheaper, but I can't remember when all of that crap happens.Basically, you've got a big split level room (extremely dangerous stairs for drunks) with a really long bar on one side, a tiny bar on another, and a slightly raised stage up in the front.  The place is always packed, and you've got to fight for seats sometimes.  I hear they serve food, but I never get it.  I would hate to have to depend on a waitress.  Tip: just go to the bar to order drinks, don't waste your time with a server unless it is early on in the evening.The music is a lot of fun.  They take lots of requests and put a piano spin on all of our favorite current songs.  For birthday people they embarrass the hell out of them, and if the person is female, crazy raunchiness WILL ensue.  They tell lots of dirty jokes, sing filthy songs, and swear a lot.  This place is definitely not for the easily offended or the prudish.  I love it all, and it cracks me up.  My favorite part is when the staff gets up on the bar and on stage, and sometimes on the pianos and starts doing some weird choreographed dance.  It's a lot of fun, and sometimes the hot guys take off the shirts and the girls engage in pseudo-lesbian action.  A little something for everyone.Bottom line, it's a lot of fun and everyone should go at least once.
5	I've been a big fan of the shout house basically since they've opened, but now it's even better!  Cover has been reduced, only $8 after 7pm and ladies (woo that includes me!) are free after 10pm!  There's no cover during the week and all the same great entertainment!The service has also improved big time!  I think they got rid of the bad ones and got some good ones in there.  They even have a JELLO shot girl now, you can get them with whip cream and everything!  Another great thing is family nights on sundays. My friends have a youngster or two and its always great to find places to take them.  It's so cute to see them rockin out to the pianos!  Oh, and so you know its a G-rated show on sundays :) I love the shout house!  Every place has got its bumps, but nothing severe enough has happened to keep me away from this place!
1	Cover Charge Was Too Expensive. Drinks were very weak.  one of the piano players, Sam Ferguson... What a detroit punk... We had to pay him three times to get one request up and I am talking at 10-15 bucks a pop.  My advice to anyone going there is to sneak in a flask of whatever your drinking, DO NOT PAY SAM FERGUSON FOR ANY REQUESTS!  James Brown and Scott Doyle are the best.  Complain about the cover charge.
3	i had a rockstar time at the shout house!  i attribute my fun night out at shout to these factors:1.  no cover.  always a plus!2.  there were actually seats available!  quite a discovery on a saturday night *yay*3. the wait staff was readily available, a HUGE improvement from another bar we had been at earlier, where i waited 30 minutes for drinks. 4.  the music was for sure fun.  and as a glee fan, i appreciated them doing "don't stop believing"...apparently i'm not the only one, cuz the WHOLE place was singing at the top of their lungs.5.  ppl being embarrassed on their birthdays don't typically entertain me, but remember this phrase if you go, you will shout it out to every birthday boy/girl who ends up on stage.  ready?  this is it...."you bitch, you slut, you whore!"  yeah...always fun to belittle ppl you don't know.6.  the TRANNY-TASTIC bathroom attendant.  i have to wonder what this crazy asian lady is doing moonlighting in the bano, with her suitcase full of goodies.  mayhap she is just trying to find her place in the female world...it felt a little wrong to have someone who looked THAT much like a man kickin it in the ladies room.and lastly...7.  SHOT GIRL!  so this girl (and i mean GIRL...she looked like she was still in high school) wanders the floor with her jello shots and whipped cream, conning ppl into taking shots and sucking the whipped cream from between her boobs, off her neck or from the inside of her thigh (ugh, the memory made me throw up in my mouth).  it was like a TRAIN WRECK...i didn't wanna stare, but couldn't look away.  why, oh why, do women pay to watch their middle aged husband/boyfriend suck/lick whipped cream off this little girl?!  i wouldn't want my husband doing it...ESPECIALLY not in front of me!  and as a nurse, i think that it might be unhealthy to eat whipped cream off a girl's INNER THIGH...srsly, it might as well be on her v-jay-jay.  plus, you aren't the first one...i know she isn't using baby wipes in between men.  enjoy those germs, perverts.  disgusting, and yet entertaining.
4	We went here for a friends birthday. Wow, that was fun. A must try experience. P.S. You will have to participate to have fun.
3	If my friend ever suggests this place again I'm gonna make a list of songs I want to request before going because when you're there & drinking you can't think of anything.The 2 guys on piano were kind of vulgar. The way 1 of them stared at me made me uncomfortable until I got more drinks in me. They didn't know Jaime's Cryin' by Van Halen :(They'd already played Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond but played the chorus for us when we asked why they hadn't played it.They didn't know Hey Bulldog by The Beatles & I can't remember what song they played instead.I'm 21 & was born in the 80's, I didn't live through it. I knew maybe 4 or 5 songs that others requested well enough to sing along with the rest of the patrons.There was no cover. We were there on a Tue. The security guy at the door checking id's made my 29 yr old friend who looks 19 tell him his age & first name. Later, on the way out this same guy flirtily asked me for my phone number but didn't I didn't give it to him. I'm not exactly sure why I didn't though. He wasn't too bad looking. I'm blaming all that on the alcohol.Speaking of alcohol, I have no clue how much anything costs. I sat at a table & wasn't buying.Their bathrooms are really nice too. Big & clean. Maybe I was too drunk though because I was bested by the paper towel dispenser. I couldn't figure out how to work them. And yes, I KNOW that makes me sound like a moron but I really was too impatient to care. There was a roll on the counter so I was good.They closed down a little before midnight. Once the guys stopped playing the place shut down. Strange, but no biggie since there are other places to go just a stumble away.
1	It's Saturday night and the bf's 30th birthday.  A group of us decided to head to The Shout House since it was fun the last time we went (Nov 2008).  This time, however, was not enjoyable.  We got there around 9pm and paid our cover.  We were lucky enough to find a table that was a good distance from the stage.   After about 20 minutes a waitress finally came over for our order.  We got a round of beer and water - the water never came and it took another 20 minutes to get the beer.  The place was not crowded so I'm not sure what the hold up was.   As we were drinking our beer we could not help but notice the table next to us: about half a dozen middle aged single women that were incredibly drunk and overweight that were grinding on each other.  Then the painist introduced an engaged couple - yet again a middle aged, overweight couple dry humping and grabbing each other on stage.  We all became disgusted and hurried to finish our drinks.  We all agreed to leave.  On our way out the birthday boy asked to speak to the manager - he complained about the waitress and then asked about a free birthday cover.  The manager said that if you let them know when you are in line then yes you can get in for free.  They do not advertise this so the birthday boy asked for a refund for his cover.  The manager would not comp him.  He stated that they do not give refunds.  This manager needs to work on his customer service skills.  It was his birthday afterall - why be a dick and lose business?  I can't see myself coming back here ever.
3	I actually had fun here... but that was after we waited over 20 minutes to find a seat. I think the $8 cover charge is a bit much, but it obviously didn't matter to the packed crowd that was already inside. The guys on the piano were pretty funny and played some good songs, though there were a few repeats. The crowd interaction and participation was  really cool - seems like a popular spot for bachelorette parties and birthdays.
4	This is fun.  I like to sit back, drink beer and laugh my ass off with friends.Pizza is great. The other appetizers seem to come out of a box and they don't seem that appetizing.But... the topper for the night... was them singing "Dear Penis" to an embarrassed man on his 50th birthday... now that was classic.
4	This place is awesome! It's so much fun, esp if you go with a group of people who don't mind being silly and getting made fun of. There was an $8 cover last night, which I'm not sure if that's every day or after a certain time at night. We got there right when happy hour ended (5-7pm) but we still loaded up on drinks and shots for the bday girl! We had brass monkey, the souvenir glass rum, big ass beer on tap, and a bunch of other shots (jello, blowjob, pink pussy, red headed slut, etc..) Drinks were on the pricier side, but how often do you go to these things right? We also got a basket of fries and it was HUGE, I love that they used seasoned salt on them too, gave it a nice flavorThere are dueling pianos, which two guys playing together (and last night there were two others playing drums and bass and switching bt piano too) and they play pretty much any song you request which is the greatest part! Four white guys on stage singing journey to gun and roses, garth brooks to snoop dogg was amazing. They even had the favorites (cheers bar song, friends theme song) and sang in good spirits. We had a great time! The staff also comes up on stage and dances so that was cuteMake sure you bring a lot of cash, especially ones, since you pay tips to get them to sing what you want. It took us a few tries, but later on in the night, it gets more expensive. It took over $20 to get them to get our bday girl friend on stage and they played Sir Mix-a-lot's Baby Got Back while she danced on stage. Make sure you participate, they will shine that flashlight on you and pull you on stage if you don't participate! People get pretty drunk throughout the night, and you got lotsa fake boobies making it on stage to request music. These are men playing after all so they pretty much oogle all the goodies coming up to them!
4	We (husband and father-in-law) made our to the Shout House after a Saturday night Coyotes hockey game. Since we went to the game, we didn't have to pay a cover. The bar has a very large open lay-out, with the dueling pianos as the centerpiece. The entertainment was fantastic, they played all of the classic songs and took requests (seemed like tipping $10+ was the way to get your request played). Four different players rotated through the night, some even played drums or guitar for certain songs. The Big A*s Beers were a good deal, large plastic souvenir cup of a domestic draft (32 ounces) was the special of the night our waitress told us about ($5). The crowd was pretty wild and fun, lots of shots being taken on stage...probably 6 bachelorette parties, several 50th birthday parties, etc. A great finish to a great day! I wish this place was in my town, I would probably become a regular.
3	Unexpected. That pretty much sums it up! I've been to piano bars before, but never to one where the later it got the raunchier the 'jokes' got :) All in good fun of course! Very interesting & diverse crowd. I personally liked when all all the other instruments joined in. Very talented musicians! Good place to go for girls night or as an alternative to karaoke, lol
5	This is a great piano bar! great vibe and drunk people falling at the drop of a hat! gotta love it!!
5	I rarely write reviews but this is my favorite place in glendale especially if you like live piano playing (I am a pianist my self and these guys are so talented; I could never in a million year do what they do and I have played classic piano for about 12 years!)I grew up in Glendale and know of only a few places to go on certain nights.  However, this place is great..  I assure you the musicians are great if you have a musical ear and a sense of humor.  They can pretty much play anything you request. Finally, they have pretty good drink specials and have very nice bartenders.  a sense of humor.
4	loud,Loud,LOUD!!!! But its great fun! No, you cant talk to anyone cause who is gonna hear you?  This is a great place to use text messaging as a way to communicate! The piano players are great, funny, crude, rude and gets the very crowded room moving, jumping, shouting.  They have a great  greasy spoon' menu. I like buckets of burgers my self. And thank goodness you can step outside for fresh air and quiet when needed.Is it for kids NO NO NO. These folks can get down right raunchy in jokes. And the patrons can get mighty drunk. Which means leave before they do cause there wasn't a designated driver in the bunch.But, hey, you didn't expect it to be classical piano playing joint. Its a party till you drop. laugh till your face hurts,  and your ears are ringing and the world is spinning and you want a morning after aspirin fun kind of place!
1	Here is my two  word opinion of The Shout House:  Never again!First of all, you have two guys banging on pianos at the top of their lungs.  Not for me.  Major headache after a couple hours there.  Major.However, for those with not such great hearing, it would be a fun place to spend an evening.The service is horrid and the waitresses are slow and seemingly uncaring for the most part, but nobody will care if they are having fun I think.  I definitely wasn't more and more as  the evening wore on.If you don't hear so well as I seem to, you will just love this fun, enthusiastic place.I was there at the beginning of a Friday night until maybe 9pm.  I understand it gets more raunchy as the night wore on.  THIS was my mistake going there so early.  I'd rather get a few laughs from the raunchy cause early in the evening it was waaaay too tame for me, personally, but to each their own.A gal I know with meetup.com complained it was way too vulgar at the end of the evening.  She's been coddled, obviously, and was probably mortified if anyone said, "poop."  So, like I said, to each their own.It was the constant loud noise that burned me out and not the bad service or the non-rauncy lyrics I heard.  This, I guess, is one of the downfalls of having better than normal hearing....crap!
4	I have frequented the Shout House a few times in the past month and I do have to say that it is a fun place to be. The first time I went, I didn't realize that there was a cover charge ($8), which I believe is a bit steep, but we went for a birthday and that's where the birthday girl wanted to go. We went in, sat down, and ordered drinks. The prices were decent inside, but what really made it fun was the loud loud LOUD music. They equally played classic rock and newer music that everyone knew and was getting really into. It is also a pretty raunchy place too, so I say don't go if you get easily embarrassed being called out in front of everyone unless you sit in the very back. The second time I went back, it was after 10pm and apparently that's when ladies get in for free, which was a major plus! I would definitely go back again!
2	Good service.  Food is terrible and tasteless.  They claim to be "better than The Big Bang" but it's false advertising.  The Big Bang is MUCH better.  The singers are good and can play piano well, but they don't seem to know very many songs and the ones they do sing, they slur their words and it seems like they don't really know all of the lyrics to those songs either.  Where they really shine is when the entire band gets going and they all harmonize together.  They had a female violinist join them for a few songs that was amazing!  If you don't live nearby, there's really no reason to go here.
2	Whatever happened to a real dueling piano bar? They sing the same 'ol songs every night and don't ever change it up. It's perfect for after a hockey game when you've already had a few and can sing just as obnoxiously as everyone else. I would be scared to eat the food. The service is super slow. Maybe the food is good if you drank too much and can't taste anything anyways.
1	Gave it a second try, I am still at my first conclusion. It's loud, bathrooms filthy, strange location upstairs, expensive and the quality of bartenders is subpar. (extremely subpar)Who is running this place anyways? I think no-one.Eek! Methinks not!
3	Huh?!?!  Did you say something?!  Oh!  You need a napkin!?!  Oh you weren't' talking to me!?!?   LMFAO!!It is called the Shout House for a reason!   It is LOUD as hell and the perfect place to go if you don't give a crap about what is being said around you.  the drinks were ok and the food sucked.  But it's all about the atmosphere right? :-)the piano guys were funny but it was honestly so loud that you couldn't understand a word that they were singing....but I knew all the songs so sang them all to myself! :-)  And because it was so loud....no one realized that I SUCK at singing!!It wasn't horrible....but it isn't somewhere I would go for dinner and a show.  But for a drunken hunger fix....and to see a large drunk girl in a really small black dress fall off of the piano and show her bits and pieces to the whole audiance.....TOTALLY the place to be!!
1	The worst food ever! I've been sick for two days after two bites of the tacos! When will it end?! Ugh. Okay drinks. Kind of watery.
3	We went there before a hockey game because we couldn't get a table anywhere else due to the crowds. We sat down and immediately ordered 2 cheeseburgers with fries. The place was not that busy. 40 minutes later we still did not have our food and our waitress was nowhere to be found! When we were finally able to track her down and my bf literally cornered her by the computer (she never came to check on us) he told her if we didn't get our food in the next 5 minutes we were leaving.  Surprise, surprise! Less than 5 minutes later out comes our food. Mine was so hot it burned and slightly blistered my fingers and the bf's was cold and had the wrong cheese on it. We had to eat them because at this point we were starving and had to get to the game. I am not usually one to take my complaints further than Yelp but our ticket was $35 and I felt that money was totally wasted since I didn't even get to taste mine. Due to being in such a hurry I practically had to swallow it whole. I fully intended to write a scathing review and give the Shout House 1 star for the experience we had last night but read on and I will explain the 3 stars I did give it. I emailed the SH through their website and told them what had happened and stated that I was more than happy to pay for the drinks we had but not the burgers and I wanted the Service Manager to call me. That is exactly what happened. I just got off of the phone with her and she was very nice, apologetic, and I'm getting my refund. From reading the past reviews, clearly slow service is a bad habit this place has and will probably never shake, but the simple fact that my issue was resolved professionally and promptly goes a long way for me. Will I ever return to the SH? Probably not but I now have a bit respect for the Management.
3	I have now been contacted by 3 Managers for the SH regarding my complaint. I never expected this much attention! They are obviously committed to the customer experience and and righting any negatives. The next time we're in West Gate we will visit the SH again.
3	Now this is cool. You pretty much get a free show. Just show up, drink a few beers and enjoy the performers.Not bad actually. This was my first shout house experience. And this place is huge. Lots and lots of seating. We were there on a random Thursday night and there was a very small turnout. But still, that just means more seating for the rest of us.The bar area here is pretty big too. And they have random specials on a daily basis. The servers looked hot too. Not bad...not bad at all.So come here for some adult comedy slash music and also enjoy some really good eye candy.
3	It's a piano bar. If you have seen one, you have seen them all. With that being said, if you HAVEN'T then you are in for a good time. The sing alongs are goofy and fun, and the BIG ASS BEERS are plentiful, and well, big.
2	Visited in early December.  We beat cover and got a great table.  They absolutely rake you on food and drinks.  We planned our visit with every intention of eating dinner and drinking there all night, but no go.  I asked about bottle service for our table to avoid having to try to communicate with the waitress when the place started to get loud.  She didn't know nor was she interested in find out for us.  Ich.Drinks and food were concert venue or amusement park prices. The Piano players were constantly asking for suggestions but throw your request on the floor if it doesn't come with a tip.  Would be much easier to have some little sign or primer of 'how things work'.  The premise is fun and the guys were really entertaining, but that's it. There is no such thing as comfortable seating in a place like this, and be prepared for the guys on stage to single you out if you catch their attention.  And they won't be nice.
2	$8 / pp cover starting at 7 pm on a Saturday. 20 minutes until we were even greeted by our server. $12 for a Stoli martini. 100 decibels of loud, though not particularly enthusiastic, piano bar standards. The numbers don't lie, this place is pretty lame. Looking for a sing-a-long piano bar experience? Head to Tempe where you'll get more 'Bang' for your buck.
1	Another westgate rip off,you gotta pay to get in,the bartenders are clueless and inept when it come to makeing drinks,the piano players are TERRIBLE..they just bang the keys and yell the lyrics almost trying to sound bad its really grating on the ears,,its not fun its not cool,skip it.
1	I enjoy the finer things in life.  The music of Air Supply, the films of Michael Bay, and fine dining.  So when I drunkenly stumbled across the Shout House one evening, I knew this place was right up my alley.I got into the restaurant and was told to sit wherever I please.  That's always a sign of a classy restaurant. Freedom to do as you want, America style.  I sat outside because I wanted to make sure that as many people as possible saw me eating there.  I was not disappointed.  I can't even tell you how many people walked by saying, "you're in for the worst experience of your life."  I knew they were just jealous.  The waitress, whose name escapes me (because of the aforementioned drunkenness), took about ten minutes to decide to come to our table.  I like it when restaurants seem to have a policy of making their patrons wait.  It just amps up the anticipation.  I ordered a Blue Moon, because I had already had eleven Jack and Cokes before breakfast and figured it was time to slow down.  I had just come from church, for chrissakes.Taste is not a thing I enjoy, so when my Blue Moon arrived watered down fifteen minutes later (more waiting! :D) I was particularly excited.  "Mmmm this is totally worth $5," I thought.  "I'm glad you like it," replied my striking blonde (?) waitress.  "Did I say that out loud?" I said back.  I really can't stress enough how drunk I was."You did.  You've also been ranting about Communists since you came in, and I think you peed your pants.""You have a good eye, sir.""I'm a woman."We sat there in silence for four minutes."FOOD!" I said.  "I want food!"This startled the waitress, and she screamed."Feed me.""Yes, fine.  What will it be?""Cheeseburger and fries.  Medium.""Done deal."Forty minutes later my burger showed up.  Some people like to compare food to heaven, others hell.  "Mmmm this is purgatory!" I exclaimed!  "There's absolutely nothing notable about this food at all. And look! You forgot the cheese! I knew it would bring too much spice to my meal."Half an hour later, my ginger (?) waitress returned with the check.  "Wow! All this for only $40!?" I said."I expect a good tip," my waitress, who I think had black hair, said."Oh you'll get a good tip!," I replied.  As soon as she walked away, I got up and left because I suddenly remembered I had no money.I would DEFINITELY recommend The Shout House to anyone who likes watered down beer, burgers that taste like water, and waiting around.I just remembered, my waitress was a brunette.  And a man.
5	I live this place. Great drinks. Awsome entertainment!!!! Not for the faint of heart. Profanity a plenty. But oh so Damn funny. The singers will commemorate engagements, wedding anniversaries, birthdays, and promotions (for a tip.) Such great interactive fun.
1	I have been to piano bars all around the country, from Miami to Cali and back and this was by far and without a doubt the crapiest one!!  I genuinely like piano bars since they can be a really fun place to blow off steam while enjoying a good show; not here!!!!!!  Never a good sign that the place was pretty empty on a Saturday night the weekend of Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucy Derby, but nonetheless I and four other guests sat down.  I can easily handle the unstable tables or that all of the chairs felt like they were just about the break apart, I'm actually good with that.  I can even handle the fact that it took our waitress almost 20 minutes to just say hi as she walked by to another table.  I would even go so far to say I can handle the horrible tasting food, it's a bar right????? Your there for fun, not a gastronomic awakening!  What made this place the crapiest piano bar in the United States was the continuous Barry Manilow cover songs with an interspersed Elton John number- and they were horrible at both!  The drinks are VERY short pours, let me say this again since it bears repeating- THE BARTENDERS SHORT POUR YOU TO THE POINT OF BEING OFFENSIVE.  I went up to the bar (which was empty as well, I can see pattern forming here.....) and was met by a young man who was giving me the "what the hell do you want?" stare.   I asked to have my martini look like a martini and not a  1/2 shot in a martini glass.  His reply was "well that's what you get unless you pay for more".  Holly crap, what a horrible place!  Here's the bill lowdown- 2 martini's, 2 Grey Goose mandarin and sprites- total bill-------- $72!!!  That's before tip (which they sure as hell don't deserve) or anything else since I paid for the burger with cash at delivery.  There are a ton of other great piano bars in the valley and there are some good bars in the Glendale area, just stay away from this shit hole.  I would bet $20 that this place is closed by the health department within a year, that is, unless it goes out of business for being such a disappointment.  DO NOT GO TO THE SHOUT HOUSE IN GLENDALE, AZ.  Chewing tin foil would be more fun than going back there.
3	$8 cover for guys; free for the girls on a Saturday night. For a Saturday night, the place was not packed.  There were plenty of tables on the side and the bar wasn't really that busy. The entertainment is great though and it's something very different, something I don't really see in the Bay.  The guys are pretty talented.  They can sing and play different instruments.  The girl on the violin was pretty cool too!Overall: This isn't my kinda crowd, but I still enjoyed it.  It looks like a mix of college and older folks.  It seems like a weird combo, but then again, I'm in AZ, so what do I know?  Apparently, this is how the West Side rolls (according to my friend).
1	Stay away.  Far away.  Go if you want to be insulted and not valued as a customer.We went with a group on a Wed (very slow) night to listen to some music and have a nightcap.We left when we were told "you are the oldest people here" (we are in our 40's) and didn't care to sing along to a song before our time.The manager even apologized for the poor form of the piano players. If they were astute business people, they would have realized that their "oldest" customers had the most amount of disposable income to spend there.   As such, we took our money and found another place where they welcomed our business.Never again.
5	My favorite place to go.  Great happy hour on Friday.
3	great place to just hangout and get a few drinks. not a great place to order food. we ordered food and it literally took 2 hours to get the order after we had cancelled it. waitress seemed very forgetful. There weren't many people to be waiting on either. however, drinks were decent and everyone loves a "big ass beer"
3	I went to the Shout House for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Fun place. The service was so so, not amazingly attentive but nothing worth griping about either. At one point the whole staff was up on stage and on the bar dancing. You could tell that some of them do not enjoy doing that. All in all, I will go back at least once.
3	Takes 15 minutes to get a beer otherwise decent place
1	The last time we tried to go here, the Bouncer was not at his post, we walked bye and he quickly called us over then proceeded to eyeball us and give us extreme attitude!!!  Lay off the juice! We went in and waited for 15 mins and one came to our table... We left.I would never go here for any reason! But girls are Drawn to this place, this Place and Chevy Trailblazers... Go figure!
1	Too loud.  Nuff said....just pass the Excedrin.
1	Oh where to begin? I rolled in here with some friends prior to the bears game. My sentiment is slightly toasted so I'm in a generally amicable mood. We spot a pit of tables in the center of the place and grab a table. There's a few scattered tvs and they're all half as big as they should be and all showing the same game. The menu in front of me has 5 items and it looks like a lunchroom menu for 6 year olds. Of course you know I ordered the chicken fingers with fries. When in Rome right?It took 20 min to even flag down some semblance of a server and even then he was none too exited to oblige. What came next is not some glowing review of taste bud delight. Someone defrosted chicken tenders bought in the frozen food section of your local market and served them over the worst fries ever. Soggy and burnt. Don't get me wrong. I'm in a chill mood but this food isn't good enough for a pet. If you go to the shout house, shout for help first.
3	My visit to The Shout House was simply out of convenience on the day of the Fiesta bowl because the other restaurants had lines 40 people deep. Anyway, the dueling piano cover music was pretty entertaining, the food adequate for the type of bar, and our service was decent considering how packed it was. I will agree with another reviewer that the menu is definitely lacking substance, but I think this a tavern/bar first and restaurant second. You could make the same food at home with your Fry Daddy.We got a menagerie of their appetizers for our group of six and went at it. The onion rings were excellent, fries - typical, Schwans truck chicken tenders - good, chicken quesedilla - better than average, cheese stix - typical. If you are more concerned about swilling beers and singing along to some goofy, cruise-ship style entertainment and less about pleasing your palate, give the Shout House a try.
1	Tempting place to go while in WestGate!   I've been in  the service industry for over 15 years and Have been here several times with nothing but good times to report .   However tonight was the worst experience ever.  The management on this particular night was terrible.  Three us were served 32 oz beers at last call and were asked to leave within 3 min of ordering.  When complained we were told that we had 1 min to finish.  Upon asking for a refund, we were denied and escorted out of the establishment in a very rude manor.   Manager displayed poor customer service skills and was very condescending.  It's a shame because the talent created a very fun environment and a great evening that was undone by the poor management staff.  When sharing my experience with friends it amazed me how many of them said they enjoyed the pianos but the bouncers and support staff have away of creating an uncomfortable atmosphere.
5	I have wanted to go see a dueling piano show for forever, I had heard there is a place in Tempe off Mill, but that it gets crowded unless your super early and that didn't strike my fancy.  So when a friend said she is getting a group together on a Saturday to go check out the Shout House at Westgate I was all for it!We got to the Shout House about 7:30ish, and my friend who has been here before had reserved tables for the group and after been there for while a noticed that that is the way to go, the place fills up pretty quick and turns into standing room only.For me, it was a blast I love the look of a baby grand piano and to have 2 on stage next to each other, man that was hot, and to watch the guys fingers just fly over the keys, yea it was a good night for sure!But they have more than just piano playing going on, they even bust out with the guitar and beat some drums, and this amazing chick comes out and just plays her heart out on the violin, she was great, made playing the violin look cool, maybe I should have played that instead of the flute haha  They have good drink prices and even serve food, service was kind of slow, but she was handling a huge crowd, but I suspect that to be the same size crowd every weekend.The crowd had a great vibe, everyone smiling and singing/shouting along. I am a music person so this place was for me, but if you don't like loud music or the neighbor next to you singing along as if she is Adele but really more like Sanjaya , or some impromptu dancing and shouting happening, then this might not be the place for you, but me it was a great time and I will be back!
4	I needed a break from our usual pregame spot so we ventured into Shout House for a few drinks before a Coyotes game. I can't speak for the cover charge or the food, as there wasn't one and we didn't eat on this visit, but the drinks were great. I ordered a specifically made margarita and the bartender made it perfectly. Their single malt scotch was also only $6.50, best deal in town if you ask me. With a fiance that drinks that stuff like water it was very kind to our wallet! When we showed up the door guy didn't give us a warm and fuzzy feeling, it was a quick hello then he was quick to inform us there was a wait for a table and that food was going to take 25 minutes. Okay? I think I am capable of observing that it was busy. All that those comments did was make me feel unwelcome. But we had trekked up the non working escalator to get there so we weren't leaving at this point. We just wanted drinks anyway, so we headed to the bar. I have to side note though, there were about 10 open tables and 25 minutes for food when it is busy isn't ridiculous, save your breath buddy and just say hi if you cant be any more upbeat. Overall had a good time enjoying our couple of drinks at the bar and watching the piano players banter back and forth. People didn't seem to into them at the time, more concerned about stuffing their faces and getting on to the game, but they really tired to get them involved.
4	We've been here several times and have never paid a cover. They use to open at 6pm and cover started at 7 on weekends, they now open at 7. I prefer the 6pm open time and they are missing out on valuable happy hour opportunities in my opinion. If you make a reservation for 2 or more they waive the cover, not sure how long that will be. Honestly, a cover is unnecessary for this place, if it's to pay the musicians, they seem to be doing just fine, every time we've been there, they are tipped heavily. I've never had bad service here, everyone from the door, the guy going around picking up empty glasses, people bringing the food, wait staff to the bar have been outgoing. Saturday was slammed, standing room only around 9 so the wait staff was busy but, I always had eyes on her and was able to grab her or motion when I needed a refill. We like sitting in the bar area, it's not as loud and if the wait staff is busy-turn around and go order directly from the bar. The manager even bought one beer for us posting a photo of the Big Ass beer cup on Facebook. We ordered the Quesadilla & a Veggie burger from the kitchen and nothing was left on our plate they were so good. This and 4 drinks ran around $47. The mixed drinks have always been poured like I make at home, never a disappointment there.Some musicians are better than others, they all are good with working with the crowd. Starting with warm up slowly working the crowd into joining in and getting dirtier with the lyrics as the night progresses. Don't be bummed if they don't play your requested song, there are some that for artist copyright reasons, they aren't allowed to play. If you don't like simulated sex acts on stage or vulgarity this is not for you. Really, I think most people that go here are going just for that! There were at least 5 people celebrating their birthday this night and they were treated to all kinds of shenanigans on stage, fun to watch! Come with an open attitude & tip money and you'll have a good time.
2	Food was so so and the entertainment on their comedy night blew...not even close to par with the fullerton, ca location
5	Love it here! Best bar at Westgate!I'm not usually the bar going type but I really enjoy this particular one and I don't feel like people are bumpin' and grindin' all over the place (uncomfortable!). Came here with some friends last weekend and we all had a great time and its enjoyable for the designated driver as well ;)
4	Dick Jokes + Piano = ClassSuch is the equation that makes Shout House so cool. Granted, I'm a good 10 years too young to hang out here. The cover of Vanilla Ice was foreign to me, and I didn't know the lyrics to the Duck Tales theme song well enough to sing along. But still, people were getting mighty drunk (on a Wednesday!) and still having fun. On Wednesday nights, I randomly came in, and after a couple beers found out the glory of cheap well drinks until 10pm. The bartender is a champ; mine were poured perfectly. Me and my friend just perched up on the balcony, watching shenanigans ensue below. People sure know how to party. The Yelp special for burger + beer seems pretty cool, and this is totally a place I wouldn't mind eating. If you didn't bring your "No Fear" tee shirt or five inch heels to Westgate, this is the place for you.
5	I personally LOVEEE this place. Me and my friend come here every wednesday for the $1 drinks, and sometimes on the weekend. The bartender pours really good drinks. The pianists are really talented and great at singing and playing the other instruments. Overall, its a lot of fun. (:
2	I don't get it about this place,very unspectacular. There on July 4th early enough time to eat and see the fireworks. Nope. 25 min for drinks and water then another 30 min at least for a single chicken sandwich I'm guessing because we gave up and I went searching for out waitress just so we could leave. They were not that crowded when we got there, no waiting. Staff looked confused as if they were temps for the anticipated 4th crowd., I saw servers wonder from tables to see if this is what someone ordered. I'm guessing they just aren't prepared for spikes in biz. I'd be furious if I had to pay a cover for this place.
4	Fun, high energy dueling piano bar. Bartenders are friendly
4	Thank you so much Shout House for hosting FAMILY NIGHT!!!  Our group of four consisted of no children but we prefer entertainment that is not laden with profanity and sexual innuendo.  We had a blast singing and dancing from our seats and listening to the combined music/improv that is the Shout House.  We went on July 21st (2013) and the musicians were CRAZY talented and funny and the food was very reasonably priced.  I would have given 5 stars if the dining experience was slightly more comfortable.  I could not spy a booth in the entire joint.  Our family of four was tightly wedged around very small table with wobbly wooden chairs.  But it was a fun night for a good price so I would definitely go back on any 3rd Sunday of the month, the day they reserve for good clean fun.
4	I must make the unfair and inevitable comparison between the Shout House in San Diego, and the Shout House at Westgate, and they are in different leagues. That is just the cold hard truth - but I was still impressed by the Shout House at Westgate. Not only do they use what they got, they tweak it and own it. I had a great time this weekend at the Shout House. The audience participation was impressively great, the service was excellent. The prices overall wasn't bad at all. I had 8 sliders for $15, and although they were not culinary reinventions - they were perfect grub next to my revealingly classless beers. Did I say that the service was awesome - ok, I did. Lets see.. no, I guess that wraps it up. It doesn't hit the excellent for their namesake in California, but they sure are a great time out and I sang-along the whole night.Nice going Shout House.. und das ist nach die heiser Kritiker
4	Went here over the weekend with my girlfriend because I have heard such great things about this piano bar. Wasn't to happy with a cover charge, but non the less we paid and went inside. Their two male bartenders were awesome and mixed all my drinks the right way. It's nice to find a person who can make your drinks the right way and not make you feel like you weren't skimped on the alcohol. Maybe it was just an off night or maybe we weren't in the mood for the piano's but we sat on the patio drinking and enjoying everyone's company. We drank for a good few hours and when I tabbed out I expected to have a pretty large bill. BUT I was happy to see that their drinks were reasonably priced and they never charged us for all the cokes my DD was drinking. :) "GOOD JOB SHOUT HOUSE" We will come back and have to enjoy this place more often!
2	I took my date to the shout house as I hadn't been there for a couple of months but I always loved going there in the past. I don't know if it was an off night or a sign of things to come but it was awful. Service was terrible, no tables or chairs were available as they booked everything for reservations now. Food was slow and average as well. When it came to the entertainment below average. The guys voices were off key and concentrated on some very drunk women. Like I said I used to love this place but last night was just awful. I also do not like the new changes to the place as well.
3	This place is pretty darn awesome.  The pianists are very talented and energetic. Downfalls: The drinks are a little expensive and we almost got thrown out because we needed to "calm down" when one of the songs we requested got sung. I guess I am used to the Big Bang where they encourage loud singing and dancing. Everything else was great for a bar setting.
2	Piano bar experience was OK.  However, we ordered the pizza and it was the worst food I have eaten (attempted to eat).  Frozen crust - cardboard would have tasted better.  Shame on you for even allowing it in the back door!
4	Great place to hang out the piano players are a hoot. Good times heading there tonight.
3	Stopped by after a recent hockey game.  Nice to not have to pay the cover by showing them your game ticket.  I understand that the crowd adds to the atmosphere inside of places like this but this place was over packed.  It was crowded to the point of almost not being able to move.  We were able to find a spot at the bar and were really impressed by the bartender.  He actually took a sec to explain a drink special to my wife and had our drinks to us quicker than I thought was possible.  When friends were able to reach us at the bar the bartender saw that they had meet up with us and was right there to take their orders, really nice move on his part.The people that were playing the instruments (I know it's a dueling piano bar, but believe me there are a ton of other musicians working here) were really good and definitely got the crowd going.One real drawback in this place was the food. It probably wasn't the smartest idea to order food in a place that crowded but when your hungry you hope for the best. We didn't get the best, we got the barely edible.
4	Went there with a couple of my friends. I really enjoyed myself! It was a Saturday so we expected a crowd. The energy of the place was great. The musicians were awesome, very engaging and were definite crowd pleasers! The drinks were tasty and the prices weren't too bad. I really wish that we didn't have to pay a cover but I understand why you ask for one, especially on the weekend. The only thing that really bothered me was the outside area. Only one side of the "patio" was opened for use because there was some type of corporate gathering who had reserved the patio yet was not using it. Therefore, the one side that was open to the patrons was jammed packed full of drunkards spilling their drinks and clumsily ashing their cigarettes everywhere. Over all though, I had a great experience there and will more than likely return!
3	I would say the 3 star average is right on par with how I feel about this place. Had a fun night out with some good friends and loved that they had a drink special that night for miller fortune for 2$ a bottle. The players were all very talented and funny but other piano bars seem to do it better in my opinion. Venue is pretty large but with our reservation we were crammed over in the corner along a railing which was a bummer. At least we got a free shot with our online reservation. Drinks were good. Check this place out if youre in Glendale/Westgate.
3	Let's put it this way--Shout House will NEVER be known for it's fine cuisine. That having been said, it was a great alternative to the otherwise overloaded restaurants that line Westgate because people weren't looking UP to the 2nd floor! Our server was delightful, the drinks were plentiful, the atmosphere was fun, even if it was early in the night and before the hockey game. The food was typical bar food fair and with the Yelp check in, a burger, fries, and drink was a good deal but again--don't go there solely to eat because you'll be sorrily disappointed.
5	Love this place, getting older (25) not about the dance clubs anymore the music is good the beer is cheap and I always have a good time. The staff is awesome to.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go but the drinks are pretty steep and sometimes weak for what you pay. Definitely going to give you some laughs and it gets better as the night progresses. Have fun finding parking too. If you come during a night where there is a coyotes game be prepared to pay $20 to park within 1 mile of the place. But all of my gripes are settled when I leave after a good time
5	Pro: drunks singing, public insults, friendly atmosphere Con: upstairsCame here late hour wondering Phoenix solo on a business trip, stumbled upon this gem by chance. I already know the Shout House well from the SD location... and wouldn't you know it, one of the player on the piano was on loan from SD. So, drinking and singing, I managed to get a song in (part of the your world)... too bad it was a weeknite and the place closed early. Next time I am in Phoenix, I would be coming back for more.
5	Thank you for the best Mother's Day ever!! You squeezed us when reservations were full, service was amazing. My grandmother is 79, my nephew is 5. We had all ages in between and everyone had a blast. Phenomenal!
5	We go here all the time for a good time! Great atmosphere and entertainment. Went in for my birthday and there was about 30 of us and the waitress was awesome!
3	Let me start by saying the musicians and serving staff are wonderful! I went here for a Bachelorette Party on a Saturday night and our server was so busy, but still really attentive and polite. The musicians were amazing! They took requests and had a lot of fun interacting with the crowd!That being said, the door man could use a class in customer service. We had a large party and so we made reservations weeks in advance and prepaid for our cover. We arrived 5 minutes late and the first thing he said to the bachelorette was that they almost gave our table away because we were so late. Really?! Do the math in your head and calculate cover for 20 girls, plus drinks for at least 2 hours, plus shots = revenue for the bar. Don't give us crap for being a little late. Besides, I have never worked at a place that took a reservation for 20 people and didn't give them a courtesy 15 minutes to arrive. 15 minutes wouldn't make a difference in the server's income and on a Saturday night they'd be able to fill the tables without a problem if we hadn't shown up. So why give us crap right from the star? Especially the bachelorette.
3	Located in the entertainment area just outside U of Phoenix Stadium.  Great for tailgating and having a pre- or post-game meal.Not a big deal that it is up on the second level. Actually, I would prefer that, gives you a good view of the plaza below.  And it was great on this particular day, just before the Cards/Rams game.We all went with the Fish and Chips and we all thought they were pretty good, though not great.Atmoshere is great, service by Joseph was very good and we enjoyed our time here.  It is a good sports bar alternative to the overcrowded restaurants down below.
1	One of the worst restaurant experiences ever. Went on game day for the Cardinals. We were one of the first ones in the restaurant.  After waiting 45 minutes for our food and watching everyone around us get their food, eat, and pay their bill, we sat with nothing. Neither the server nor assistant manager knew what the issue was (obviously part of the problem). We asked for the manager but she was no where to be found. I wish I could rate this place 0 stars. This place downright stinks. We ended up leaving with no food and hungry.
4	With a name like Tam O'Shanter you can never go wrong. A great place to eat and a must do while you are in the area. I am partial to Irish food and Irish Pubs. Each City I go to I automatically look for an Irish place. Tam O'Shanter is a good find and great food. Friendly service and an excellent staff. Hats off to all that work here and runt he place. I would HIGHLY reccomend this to anyone IRISH or not that is in the area. Go in and have a good meal and leave very very satisfied. There is sooooo much to choose from you do not know which one is better than the next. A GREAT FIND and well worth the stop
4	Super super FUN place! We went to the Shout House for drinks after having dinner at the Yard House. It was packed, so we just stood at the bar. Everyone was super friendly, & I love how everyone gets involved & sings along. Never been anyplace like it. Next time I would love to reserve a table up front & go with a big group of friends.
1	Worst fuckin place ever. Tried to enjoy our time here but people are assholes. Don't waste your time. Owner, waiters, everyone treats you like crap. Horrible place.
5	We were there for a company holiday party.  Our server was on the ball with everyone and courtese as well as assisting her regular tables.  The food was great and the entertainment was a blast.  The requests for songs moved quickly and there was a wide variety.  The employees seemed to enjoy their jobs and showed it by keeping everyone involved and the atmosphere in the packed facility moving and upbeat.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone
4	This place is a great venue for any sort of celebration.  I've been here many times but recently we attended a work Christmas party here.  Absolutely gust-busting funny.  It's especially fun to watch those up-tight, do-gooders that you work with, when the crazy, rude, obnoxious, funny-as-hell lyrics come out of the musician's mouths.  F'n love it!!!  These guys are truly talented and keep the party rollin'.  The food and drinks aren't bad either, but without the dueling pianos, bass guitar, drums and antics....this would just be another drinkin' hole.
5	Went for New Year's last night with my hubby. Rachel, our server, was bubbly, enthusiastic, genuine and engaging. Excellent service, the prime rib buffet was delish as well. There were some amazing violin players to accompany the dueling pianos. I gave them 5 stars because service was on the ball from host to busser and the food was quality.  The musical experience was a little "pedestrian" at times but that's to be expected when you're playing to a large, varied group and trying to make everyone happy.  Overall a nice evening out for us.
4	Pricey but worth it. The food is fabulous and the service is friendly and efficient. You can't go wrong here.
4	The food was outstanding. Particular standouts were the Lamb and the Duo of Beef, as well as an English Pea soup appetizer special. The madeleines at the end of the meal were also a truly delicious and special treat. I thought that the food was really special, but that the deserts were good but lacked that extra specialness that I was hoping for.
5	The food was not only beautifully presented but delicious. The sommelier was very approachable and helped us narrow our wine selection perfectly. A thoroughly enjoyable experience.
