3	There are better meals to be had within a block or two of this Sunprint location, but if you need a quick, no frills meal before a meeting the governor, this place will do you no wrong.  Reasonable prices, quick service, and decent food.Also, tell the governor I need a raise.
4	Two words: egg sandwich.
1	Tried Sunprint for the first time today and had their club roll up. While I enjoyed the sunny color scheme and the quick service I was severely disappointed by my lunch dish. First of all, the potatoes were dessicated to the point that my fork had trouble skewering them. Even when I managed to get a hold of them they turned out to be utterly devoid of flavor. Moving on to the wrap made things even worse. I quickly realized that my wrap (which had no seafood in it) smelled like it had been smothered in fish oil! I am an avid fan of sushi and sashimi but the smell made me want to gag. Maybe the breakfast is better? I won't know, I am going to pass next time a trip to Sunprint is suggested.
3	For downtown Madison, Sunprint is a decent option. It used to offer soy-rizo and other interesting vegan foods, but now all it offers for is a tofu scramble (from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) and after that, the only options are basic sandwiches or the vegan club.I had the vegan club ($7) which consists of grilled portabella, baked eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce and hummus on a bread roll. It was pretty decent, especially considering the price; the mushroom was nicely marinated and the eggplant and hummus added good flavor.The sandwich is pretty messy, though, and hard to eat. It's one of those "tall" sandwiches where you have to unhinge your jaw in order to take a bite of it. It was made of white flour, which was also disappointing. I would have preferred a softer, wholewheat submarine roll, which would have been easier to eat and also tastier and healthier.If you're looking for quick lunch downtown, Sunprint works. If it added more vegan options and expanded its hours, I would visit more often.
3	Legit breakfasts and fair prices. Layout is cafeteria-style. The employees are pretty nice. Fair ambiance and lots of windows. Probably good for a snowy day. Good coffee too.As other reviewers said, there are better near here, that's why only 3 stars.
4	Loved breakfast and lunch here. Great ingredients, great food. Very friendly staff and reasonable prices.
4	I was doing some work at GEF2 for a couple days and needed to get out of the office for lunch but didn't want to go too far.  My colleague suggested Sunprint, it is inside the US Bank building.  I liked it so much we went two days in a row!The salad bar is really good and everything was fresh!  The soups were good- Veggie Chili everyday.  They also have a grill where they make-to-order sammies and wraps.  I got the Veggie wrap one day that was great and came with oven roasted potatoes as a side.  The place is very spacious- you don't feel like people are crawling up you when you are trying to eat.  I appreciate this fact.Sure, it is not the most original place however I liked that it was fast and delish.
3	Pro's:Good variety including vegetarian food, so everyone in a group can find something that works. Lemons are provided for water (that's worth a star right there, for me)Sunny, pleasant decor. Enough space between tables that you can have a private political conversation with colleagues or a juicy dirt session with the girls. Quiche du jour! And I'm almost always in the mood for that. Cons:Quiche is almost always full of meat, so no quiche for you, vegetarians. The soup and sandwich special only gives you the choice of one type of sandwich each day. So when I ordered the vegan soup, my only sandwich option was roast beef. There is something wrong with this picture. The roasted veggie roll up I had on my last visit was filled with tough, veiny lettuce. Who wants lettuce paired with roasted Mediterranean veggies? I thought it was an odd choice in the first place, made worse by the fact that the lettuce wasn't edible. That said, they have done better in the past and I will keep it in my rotation. Their star is really breakfast. If they served past 11, I would be here much more often.
3	Breakfast is great and reasonably priced. Lunch is so-so, yet the only lunch option under 10 dollars is a small, sad grilled cheese with tomato for 7 dollars (on par with something you could make at home), I would therefore only recommend this place for breakfast. The ambience is nice, a small sunny space with new furniture.
4	All around good place to stop for a bite.Reasonable prices and quality food.
5	Just had a delicious dinner with my husband to celebrate our son graduating high school today. The new space is gorgeous and warm. If I could design my own restaurant it would look just like it.Our dinner was delicious. My husband had the salmon with cucumber sauce and almost licked his plate. I had the duck and it was tender enough to cut with my fork. The surprisingly good addition of a pear was a unique twist. The salad were huge, bread came with dinner ~ how can you go wrong. The chef even sent over a grilled shrimp skewer for us to sample and it was smokey and beautifully presented.Let's hope Madison supports their new venture into dinner, or maybe not....this could be our hidden gem for date night.
3	3 different vegan tofu scrambles -- that aren't really scrambles -- instead, cubes of tofu with about a tablespoon of overcooked veggies.  Pretty flavorless.  But if you must get one of them, get the florentine as the oregano adds a little bit of punch.Roasted potatoes -- bland.Tabouli (vegan) -- that isn't really tabouli -- no parsley.  Not what I expected.Fruit salad -- mostly melons, which I like, but most people wouldn't.Coffee was good.Since there aren't any other vegan breakfast options in the neighborhood immediately around the capitol square, they deserve 3 stars.  In LA, they'd be 2.  If you can make your way to Monty's Blue Plate Diner a couple miles away, you'll find better fare.
4	I was a bit panicked when this place was closed at its old location. Fortunately it opened just two blocks away in a great location. The new digs have several spaces ranging from trendy breakfast diner to comfy couches and dimmed lighting. Looks like they even have a meeting room.On my infrequent visits to Madison this is the place I will slip into for a great breakfast and some computer work before venturing off to whatever brought me to Madison in the first place. All the menu options are fresh and tasty with  the breads and eggs especially flavorful. Several coffees are on tap and it looks like the beverage selection has expanded since they moved. Never been there for lunch but it looks like a combination of order up if you'd like, make your own if you'd rather.Staff is friendly but not overly warm. Feels just fine to me. Always a good local crowd with many passing through to pick up something for the office or for lunch later. Note the times. Typically breakfast through lunch only. There is a great pub next store if they are closed...
4	I like the new location. I have only tried the coffee & pastries so far but both are still excellent. Monkey Bread, mmm. The new space has a nice cafe feel that looks suitable for just relaxing, lunch or a meeting (they still have meeting space).
3	Not the best place in Madison by far, but Sunprint had decent healthy food. I had the veg sandwich... it had way too much bread :-/ Salads were ok, but nothing great. The BF had the cuban, which wasn't great either.In no way was the food bad, it just wasn't somewhere I would to twice while on vacation...
3	Had them cater an event - food was very good, 2 types of quiche - excellent reviews from all meeting participants.  They did forget to bring a fruit platter - luckily I had ordered enough other food that it wasn't that big of a deal, but still not the best way to make an impression.  The delivery was also quite early - about 15-20 minutes before scheduled deliver time - earlier is always better than late, however with hot food, it creates a challenge...food was nicely prepped though.  I would likely order from them again, but will certainly be double checking the order upon arrival and will stress delivery time.
4	I frequent this place during the morning weekdays. I stop in for the "Breakfast Special." If I recall correctly it is priced at 3.95. Super cheap. You get two scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, and two toasts. I enjoy the seasonal cherry and strawberry jams that they offer. Delicious! I honestly find this to be a very satisfying breakfast that keeps me coming back every week. I also tried their cake frosting coffee which was very good! I love how the sun beams in the morning and it really does give me a sun-roomish feel. May go back tomorrow morning because writing about the breakfast is making me crave it again!
3	In town on business and this place was around the corner from the hotel. The space itself is very nice. Very open and full of light. The staff is very friendly. The food on the other hand, not so much. I came in for a late breakfast (around 11:30am) and had the florentine omelet. It was pretty bland. The killer for me were the potatoes that were incredibly stale and tasted like they had been sitting around for hours. Maybe that's what I get for ordering breakfast so late in the day. i also took a granola with yogurt and fruit back for my fiance. When we opened it up to eat it, the granola was stale, the yogurt was runny, and some of the fruit was mealy. This place is nice for it's convenience, but I look forward to seeing what else Madison has to offer for breakfast options.
3	Note to everyone everywhere attempting to cook tofu:SPICES.It's a tricky ingredient to master, but if you're putting it on your menu you should have something tasty to back it up. Sunprint's scramble = large chunks of flavorless tofu with a few veggies mixed in. The potatoes are dry and lacking. I maintain that the place is worthy of 3 stars because I like the bright new space and I'm willing to go back and give it another try. Overall, I wasn't impressed.
5	I had heard a lot of great things about this place and today I decided to try it out. The restaurant is bright, cute and chic. The staff was friendly and even though I ordered to go, they chatted with me while I waited for my food. I got a Santa Fe salad and it was very tasty. It had grilled veggies, chicken, avocado and salsa and salad. It was flavorful and pretty. Perfect for the first real spring day of 2014!
3	Went in after the Farmer's Market last Saturday. The food was good but the employees were obviously not happy to see our kids there. We ordered a hot cocoa for my daughter which was entirely too hot (steaming). I approached the counter and explained that the drink was meant for my six year old and that it was too hot. He kind of argued with me about it and offered to put in ice cubes. I told him that ice cubes wouldn't help, could you add some cold milk? Luckily the small woman behind the counter jumped in to help. The hot cocoa ended diluted and warm with ice cubes. Not the best service. Not sure that we will go there again with the kids. Great place otherwise.
5	My wife and I come here almost on a weekly basis during the farmers market for breakfast. The food and coffee is low cost and tastes great. We've only eaten here for breakfast so I can't vouch for their lunch menu. Also, service is quite quick and often we will have our meal in about 10 minutes from the time of ordering. I would highly recommend giving this place a shot!
4	I've been to the new location a handful of times, and I've been happy with all of my visits.I had some sort of mediterranean chicken wrap a couple weeks ago, and it was delicious. Since then, I've stopped in mostly for coffee and pastries. The coffee is always fine, and their pastries are scrumptious.I've also stopped in and grabbed some sides to go. Their tabouli is really good, as are their roasted potatoes. A good option if you have a light appetite, and are on-the-go.The new space is beautiful, and the staff is friendly. I'll keep on stopping in!
4	Sunprint holds a special place in my heart.  It has the feel of a high-end cafeteria, but I mean this in the nicest way.  The atmosphere is laid back and casual, and the food is better than one would expect.  You'd think that standing in a line to order your food, getting a number assigned to you, and grabbing your own cup of coffee would mean that the food would be subpar, but it is far from it!  They use fresh, local ingredients and they serve Just Coffee! The staff is friendly and the service is fast.  This is my go-to spot for breakfast.  Try the breakfast burrito, breakfast sandwich, or the waffles with whipped cream/strawberries!
2	Overall, I was not impressed with my experience at Sunprint. I walked in and the man behind the counter took his time getting through each order in an unprofessional and unmotivated manner. If you don't want to be here, why should I? Zero enthusiasm when he was interacting with me. While the space was clean and presentable, it was rather boring and seating was limited for any party over 4. I debated ordering a glass of orange juice but when I saw the man pouring a glass of it from a generic-brand carton at a price comparable to fresh-squeezed at another joint, I immediately changed my mind. I ordered my waffle with whipped cream and strawberries and took my seat at a table. The syrup container was on the table, cold and sticky. My waffle came looking decent. However, after I poured the syrup on my waffle and took a bite, I was COMPLETELY disappointed. Zero flavor in the actual waffle and the whipped cream tasted straight out of a can. I could've made a better product at home for under half the price. A breakfast place without fresh-squeezed juice and warm syrup? Are you kidding me? 2 stars because the place at least looked ok.
5	I ordered the salmon and eggs special from the New Year's Day menu. The salmon was flavorful and pulled apart nicely; it wasn't overcooked and dry. The price, under $10, was reasonable. The staff was attentive and ensured we were satisfied with our orders. Bottomless cup of Just Coffee was self-serve.
