4	Yes, Sail Inn rocks. Good drink prices, fine sound, friendly to local music players (I played last weekend), and good outdoor spaces to talk. Can't wait to see a big show on their patio. Here's a picture from the inside.http://www.flickr.com/photos/dfactor/3284686119/
5	The Sail Inn Returns.  Every once in awhile, a step "backwards" is actually a step in the right direction.  Tempe just took a big step backwards, back towards a decent live music scene again.  Downtown still has a long way to go, but man-oh-man the new and improved Sail Inn is better than ever.  As for upgrades since the grand re-opening, the venue still has the indoor / outdoor stages, and they polished most of the edges without losing any character.  Weekend crowds are strong and a great mix of live-music lovers, and the groups sound super-tight, especially under the back-patio band shell.  Keep this one going strong, Tempe!
5	Be careful when visiting The Sail Inn, hang here once or twice and you'll start coming every week. A bar that's bigger than it feels with a large indoor stage and dance floor, as well as ample outside seating, The Sail is  the most welcoming and warm-hearted bar around. There's live music every night of the week featuring some of Phoenix's best local acts, including Wednesday nights with The Sugarthieves (my personal favorite). Voted Arizona's best Blues band and one of the top 10 unsigned Blues bands internationally, The Sugarthieves know how to rock the house. Their sound is sexy, sultry, original Blues with a unique blend of vocals and instrumentals (including a Saxophone). Other musical features include Reggae night, Casey Slade's acoustic happy hour set, and Los Guys. You can see the calendar on the website.Don't be afraid to check out The Sail, even if you're by yourself! This is the type of bar that feels like family and is always happy to embrace somebody new. I bet you a shot that you'll love it as much as I do.
5	One of the best live music venues in AZ. My band, Psychedelic Mooj, plays there often. I've gotta say, it's a great place to play. The crowds are great, the drinks are cheap and the good music vibes are omnipresent. I'm glad the Sail Inn is back.
5	You know this is a great place when everybody that has reviewed the joint look familiar.  I consider this place my second home.  I know everyone who works there on a personal level.  It's the same people for many many years.  What other place do you know that would close down, reopen years later and have the same staff working?It doesn't matter what night you go, you are going to get ALOT of good music.  LOTS.  Since they've re-open, the sound system is stellar.  Sound man Ken (who in my opinion is one of the main reasons to go) Ken really puts his heart and soul into sound.  He get's it perfect.  They have a inside and outside stage.  The outside stage has misters which is key in the August nights.  The drinks are as cheap as you are going to get.  The cover to get in depends on the bands.  But I do feel if they are charging $10, you are going to get your money's worth.  Even when it's $5, you are getting your money's worth.Overall, this is my favorite place in Arizona.  If you love music and good vibes, this is where people go.  In the 9 years I've been coming here, I've never seen a fight break out.  I've never seen someone screw up my drink and I've never met a mean person.I love this place more than words can tell.
4	Good music venues need to be divided into their parts.  There are places to see good music, and good venues.  For Tempe, there is not really any place that combines both, sad to say it.  Yucca has great music, but the stage is in a weird corner and the acoustics leave much to be desired.  The Marquee has good music sometimes, but everything about the inside of the place makes me frown.I would put the Sail into the second category.  I like the place a lot.  There are two stages here, in door is like a small bar with music.  Out door is a great little patio with something they don't make very often (and this isn't made all that well) a "band shell".  Created to funnel music out in a concert situation, the shell is an open air stage with a curved back wall (think sea shell stuck in the sand).  The stage placement provides much room for dancing and tables.The music I've seen here hasn't been all that great, that doesn't mean it ain't a good time, it is.  Drinks are cheap and they have a pretty good selection with a few locals and micros, as well as cheap pitchers of schwil which goes well with outdoor partying and concert going.I think I should try to see more shows here, in fact, I vow that I will.  Can't wait for cooler weather for the outdoor stage to be more available.
5	A little update.The music selection actually looks like it is starting to hit its stride.  This month has 3 local great bands: What Laura Says, Black Carl and Sugar Theives all playing a bunch of times.It looks like Weds nights are a great night for Sail.
5	Can not say enough good things about this place! Like many people below, Sail Inn is like a second home to me. I was really sad to discover it after moving out of Tempe but find myself heading back there any night I'm off and need a night out. Their calendar online may seem a little bland but this place is the place to check out local (and some not so local) music. What first got me in the door was Ragae Thursdays, which to my knowledge have been changed to Funk Thursdays, which makes me just as happy. People here know how to appreciate and participate in good music, so if you've been looking for a place to get down and meet good people look no further-the Sail is for YOU!Great drink specials and bartenders! I tend to go for the mini-pitchers of beer or a heavy glass of wine, but if when I'm wanting to try something new the bartenders are happy to offer me up something. One warning, they do have a $10 minimum on their card running for the bar and when the line-up is heavy there is a cover. So cash is a friendly advocate here.I've met many good friends here and always look forward to my next visit...Sail Inn, stumble out.
4	This place really ain't my bag when it comes to the entertainment and crowd it attracts, but seriously... 4 Freakin' STARS for the best bathrooms/patio/stage/bar.very nice and from what I remember, clean.
4	Saw a great show here, fun chill vibe, and seems like they always have bands coming through. Drink prices are great. Feels a world away from Mill, and this in a very, very good way. : )
2	While this place can be very lively and entertainingand it has a great neighborhood/dive vibe going on, it almost always dissappoints me.I want so badly to like this place and make it my home away from casey's however they do their best to make it hard.hard on the atmosphere: 9 times outta ten its dead, no one there and nothing going onhard on the wallet: when something IS actually happenin like some live music or just a good crowd there is always a cover, and they seem to jack up their priceshard on the pallet: no good beer selections. have fun sipping on piss tasting domesticsoverall i seem to just get alienated from this bar, despite its potential. in my opinion they should shape up or sail out
4	Life can be clouded...and in this case my review is clouded by Sergio Mendoza y La Orkesta.  The Sail Inn could be a rail car next to a chemical plant that serves only overpriced fertilizer cocktails and it would still start at 3 stars because of the Sergio show.Fortunately, it does not appear to be next to a chemical plant and while there may have been a few women there who clearly had been drinking something similar to fertilizer infused drinks, I don't think they were overpriced.The outdoor stage is great, not too big, not too small.  And, for an outdoor stage, the sound is very good.  The crowd is a good mix, and actually, despite the location, not a "Mill Ave" crowd by any means.  The indoor bar area is also nice with a somewhat odd "lounge" area to the side where you can go make out with someone you meet at the bar, if you are in to that...the bartenders have the right amount of attitude and do a good job of getting drinks out.  About 10 beers on draft, nothing special, includes Bass and Sierra Nevada.  Overall it feels slightly like Miami Vice, well except for your clothes, I hope...and the hippy chicks dancing to the late night jam band.Not sure I would go here for no good reason, but the venue is clearly bringing in some good musicians, so if you see something you like, go.
1	I go to this place every couple of months when I'm walking to/from Mill to/from my house which is less than a mile away.  For years I wanted so badly for this place to be my little dive bar down the street where I could walk, get a decent drink then chill and move on.  Instead, this place has consistently been one of the worst bars I have ever been to in my life.  Almost every time I go they hit me up for cover and almost every time I would leave because it is not worth it.  There can be 10 people in the place and some guy hitting bongos on the stage and they would want $5 at the door.  Now I don't mind paying cover at a decent bar with decent acts, decent drink specials and decent service but this place lacks in all those areas.Anyway, last night (Sunday) my wife and I were walking back from Mill and decided to drop by and see if the place had changed any.  We heard some music coming from their stage and decided that if they were charging a cover we would say f*ck off and leave.  However, to our complete amazement there was no idiot standing by the door to take our money.  We walked right in to the very uncrowded bar and ordered a drink.  I've ordered things other than beer here and it is always a clusterfuc so we ordered a small pitcher of Kilt Lifter which was on special ($7 or something).  They were out of the small pitchers (shocker) so we just got pints.  This was not a surprise because they are always out of something.  We took our beers to the back patio where we played ping-pong and then some bean bag throwing thing for about an hour.  It was fun and nobody bothered us.  Then, as we walked towards the bar to order another drink we basically got shaken down by a hippy guy in a tie dye shirt.  He insisted that we pay him $5 because I guess he took a break from screwing people at the door when we walked in.  We basically told him to screw off then walked home.  Sure we could have paid the $5 but it wasn't worth it and the guy was a complete dick.  I'm all for supporting local bands if they are decent and if I get some kind of value for my dollar.  The Sail Inn is always don't-touch-anything sticky gross, way understaffed, always out of something, etc. so I receive little from going there and supporting this horrible place.  Somebody please buy this place and turn it into a respectable bar.....or just knock it down and make it a parking lot which would at least provide something of value to the area.
3	Went here last night for a friend's cd release party. Wasn't sure what to expect...and one we arrived we realized it wasn't the Mill Ave crowd as someone below mentioned. As a matter of fact, the three of us made up a majority of the ASU kids there. I digress. Paid our $8 cover and headed in. Said what's up to the band, headed to the bar for some drinks. I got a tokyo tea, and because there is a $10 minimum on cards, returned later in the night for another. The bartender(ess) was nice, and "fixed" my drink after the other bartender apparently didn't know how to make a TT. My other friend got a cranberry and vodka and we headed out to the stage area. My first quelm with the place is that there isn't a lot of seating, which is probably due to the large crowd that was there. But the outdoor stage is pretty ballin'. I really liked the artwork and it worked for all it is worth. The bathrooms are pretty cool, and when I went in to close my tab I realized the inside was a lot bigger than I first saw. Anyways, I definitely wouldn't come back unless it was to see a band, but it was a cool place, I'll give 'em that.
4	Used to go there in the 80's when they played Blues. I loved Cold Shot and the Hurricane Horns. Always a good peaceful crowd and never saw any fights. Good food and cheap drinks, although a little off the beaten path. Just don't do much clubbing since they clamped down on DUI's. Don't know what its like now.
4	okay sail innyou have grown on mealbeit like a rash or a wart that talksi do love this placei just wish that for the amount of time i spend here i didnt have to cough up a cover chargein my mind i am a v.i.p. of sail inn, like puff daddy throwing a white party at a dive bar at the end of farmer i make that place work!too bad no one else see's it that wayif only you werent so close to my apt sail innif only you didnt have great bands playing here all the time sail innif only i could hate you sail innbut i cant quit youim brokeback for the sail inn!
4	The staff is so nice!Some friends of mine threw an art and music thing there a few days ago and we had a blast.  The place is laid out nice, it has 2 stages and ample smoking patio space with misters and seating! (thats getting harder and harder to find).Its really mellow, the decor is cool, the staff is awesome, and its nice and dark inside with a nice lounge area. Its also not your typically over priced tempe bar and you wont find throngs of college idiots shitfaced acting a fool.  Always a plus in my book.
4	Lots of people avoid this place because they don't like hippie holes with jam bands. All the times I go, there's other music. Ska, Blues on Wednesdays; special events with DJ's etc.There are two indoor rooms; one with the bar, stage, rear DJ booth, dance floor, and a couple high-top tables. The other room is outlined in super plush leather couches and high top tables with a loungy glow.There are two outdoor areas; one off to the side, as a patio for hanging out and smoking, the other much larger area has a full outdoor stage, smaller side-bar, seating, misters to keep you cool, and smoking. A resident Artist works out there and sells his pieces from $20-100. (would be much more expensive anywhere else). Talk to him about his proto-type street rocket he's launching...  :)Drinks are strong and priced ok. On weekend nights the cover ranges from $5-$15, to support the band.Even in the economic downturn this place still brings in a little crowd, not like the bars on Mill where the crickets hang out with the cocktail waitresses until the frat boys arrive.
1	Went here for a beer last night against my better judgment because I hate this place more than anything.  This place sucks so much it is funny.  I swear, this place will charge a cover if the radio is on.  And I'm pretty sure the door guy just pockets the money because they are that scummy.  So anyway, last night the door guy tried to shake us down for a few bucks and I decided to cause a scene and he let us in for free so I would stop yelling.  Why would I pay a cover on a dead Monday night at a bar that is gross?The place was dead but there was a guy singing and playing the guitar.  He was actually very good and I give him credit for playing his heart out in front of 7 people.  Had the ATM not been broken I would have gotten cash to give to him instead of to the door guy that just pockets it.Oh...and they consider Four Peaks to be an imported beer.This place has the potential to be really really cool, but whoever runs the place obviously doesn't care.
1	This place annoys me so bad...  It has potential to be a decent place, if it werent for a few major problems.  First, they charge a cover like every single night... (and as someone else said in a review, im pretty sure the doorman probably just pockets the money anyways...).  Secondly, their bartenders are terrible... if you can get them to stop bs'ing with each other or some drunk old hippie for long enough to order a drink, its like you just asked them for a kidney.  They all look like they just had a meth party before work and havent eaten in a few weeks.  They dont have any food or TV's so if you arent going for the music, forget it.  I can walk to this bar in less than 5 mins from where I live, and still have it on the bottom of my list of places to get a drink.
5	The first time I went to the Sail, Gentlemen Afterdark was playing a super-rare reunion show and they blew the roof off the place. Incredible band, if you don't know 'em you're missing out. First impressions: the Sail is intimate, but also roomy, with a decent amount of seating, friendly bar staff and great sound. It reminded me a lot of the old Wong's...only less scuzzy (and I know scuzzy was part of the old Wong's charm). The Sail has live music every night, with pretty much the best bands in town on a regular basis--a decent-sized indoor stage and a big outdoor stage. The Zen Lunatics rule Thursdays with "Rockaroke"--a live-band karaoke that draws a great (and very diverse) crowd that frequently includes surprise appearances from a variety of well-known local musicians. It didn't take long to become a regular. Yeah, the Sail charges a cover (usually just a couple of bucks, which pays the bands and the excellent sound guy)--but the drinks are strong and cheap and they have a variety of good beers on tap. It's a small price to pay for good bands every day of the week. They go out of their way to support up-and-coming bands, longtime valley musicians and visual artists--and it's a fun place to just hang out. If you like the best live music and art Tempe has to offer, there's no better place to be. If you don't, I think that Toby Keith's place is open. Try the Krispy Fried Macaroni & Cheese.
1	This place is downright awful. I've never understood the dive bar, would it hurt to make a place look nice and not gross and creepy? It wouldn't cost that much. The layout was terrible, the entrance is right next to the stage and there's barely any room in front of the stage. What shocked me the most is that it was rated Phoenix's best venue last year. I'm sorry Phoenix, but if this is the best you have to offer, you need some new venues.
5	Yeah 100th Review!!!!Saved this one for 100 because it is special me thinks.If you are not a music lover, or are disgusted by hippies and people who enjoy live music you will hate this place.I love it. It is really great to see bands that can rip on their instruments You don't see too many bands here with guys who play shitty.Nice outdoor patio and usually people are pretty friendly at least when they stop spinning and twirling.Anyway, the place is not for everyone.. but I think it is one of the most needed and essential live music venues in Phoenix and the whole valley.
4	I had a good time here last night. I didn't like having to shell out 10 bucks for cover, but my buddy was showing some art, and I wanted to see it. This place was packed with an eclectic crowd. It was good to see hippy chicks on acid mingling with jaw clenching metal heads, and e-tard ravers. Seriously..everyone was on drugs here. Even the bartender was spigacked out of her mind. Drinks were reasonable, so that made up for the cover charge. Met some nice people. Heard some good beats inside. Laughed at the band outside covering War Pigs (not because it was bad, I just didn't expect it.)
4	My first visit to Sail Inn was to see an indie singer/songwriter that my sister knew. Having never heard of Sail Inn, and only knowing it was near ASU, I had preconceived notions about it.  I speculated it would be rife with obnoxious college students and quite possibly not my scene.  I was happily surprised to find nothing like that. Perhaps we were there too early in the night for raucous shenanigans, but it was a cool, low-key, laid back place with a fantastic outdoor stage and plenty of place to sit and chill. When we first arrived, it was rather confusing to know where exactly to enter.  I think we either got their too early or we entered the wrong entrance, but when we walked in to pay our cover to see the band, the bouncer/door guy seemed unprepared for us.  I actually had to say, we are here for the band. It's $10, right?  When he said, "uh, um, yeah," I wondered if we could have just walked right past them without paying. But, being the honest person I am, I paid.  Now, here is where it gets funny and sort of embarrassing. The bouncer/door guy had to check my i.d., of course. (I'm used to this by now, even though I am usually older than the person asking to see my i.d.) After looking at it for a few seconds longer than he needed to, he looks up at me and says, "Tracy Jo?!... I like that!" After finding a place to sit, I went to the bar to get some drinks.  The bartender was busy doing something and ignoring me, but after a minutes or so, the bouncer-dude came by and, seeing my waiting for the bartender, made a point to get her attention by yelling, "Hey, make sure you take care of Tracy Jo, there!" And, then finally as we were leaving, he made a point to say goodbye, loudly calling out "Thanks for stopping by Tracy Jo!" It was sweet and personable, and I have a feeling he would probably remember me the next time I stop by. I like a place where everyone literally knows you name and where even the bouncer is friendly.  I mean, who doesn't like to feel special, even if it is because of your silly, and slightly embarrassing, middle name?
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! It's really fun and laid back, and is excellent for live music. If you can catch the Think Horses or the Sugar Thieves playing, all the better!
4	I love SAIL INN! Getting past the $8-10 cover on weekends is the hard part, but usually Sail delivers, 1) AMAZING LOCAL BANDS, 2) Laid back hippie, hipster,arty, folk vibe 2) cheap drinks, LOVE the little pitchers of beer - budlite for $4.25 on certain nights. Phoenix has a pretty lame music scene, but at least at Sail Inn you can always find decent live music and a fun crowd.
5	A Tempe staple for great live music. Two stages, both indoor and outdoor make this a great place for events with multiple bands. Nice staff, stiff drinks and a lot of cool people.
2	Sound is bad. speaker set up is wrong for the room. The place is so-so. but if you can't mix the room right there's no point.
4	This spot is the place to go for rock music in Tempe, AZ. I played a show here, and let me tell you, the staff is awesome, kind, and really rally care about music. The sound man for the night was a fellow by the name of Joker, who dod a superb and professional job on manning the sound that night. He mic'd up all of the drum set, guitar amp, bass DI plus amp, and mic'd the key board amp and DID NOT insist on DI'ng the keyboard amp like so many sound men do. The sound on stage was clear, defined and flat out ballsy, so I know it sounded great in the house system, because the "stage" sound can be a lil lo fi garage-ish sounding compared to what the crowd hears. The bar itself is very cool, and the drinks are nice and mature if you know what  I mean. Check this place out, especially when I play it.
5	Great place to see a show.
5	Great place to see a live show. Lagunitas IPA on draft. Is there anything else?
2	Really awful experience at the Sail Inn. They charged $10 dollars at the door because there was live music but the band was not good at all. The bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly. I would recommend going to almost any other bar in Tempe.
3	Fun little concert venue with indoor and outdoor stages.  They have Hop Knot on tap which makes me happy.  Would not ever have a mixed drink there again however...there is something really off in the flavor of their fountain soda.
3	Dive bar with decent drink prices and bands. I like the large outdoor patio and they usually have some interesting art/music events. I normally avoid this place because they always have a cover charge. Sometimes I just wanna stop in for a drink and not commit to the whole evening. All in all a great spot if you're looking to listen to some good local music and don't wanna spend another night at Casey's or Yucca.
4	So I've been here now twice. Both for live local music shows. The radio show 93.9 a local indie station has put on some epic shows here. This place is part inside, partly outside. So stages in and out. Kinda has a Mexico vibe to it, reminded me of Rocky Point. The bar inside is cement and kinda beat it but whatever, I'm here for live music, nothing else. Drinks are cheap but for some reason I always have a sorta expensive tab, ah funny how that works. Cool place for some live music, in particularly local live music. Check it.
4	Cowabunga Dudes, can you smell divewell this place has got it even a bridge and rail road traks.If you are not a hippie, and you do not like dancing to the Dead.Then this is not you're kinda place.When was the last time you danced to "Althea"?
5	Great dive bar in Tempe! I'd be hitting this place up much more if I lived in SE valley.Live music and games for all to play. I feel very comfortable here. Do not come here for a view, quiet ambience, etc. come here to rock out/drink, or do a Sunday Funday day drink here.They aren't consistent with charging cover either. That's okay though - more generous tipping later! ;)
5	Great Venue and the staff is awesome. Its kind of hidden but the drink special are worth it.
3	Perfect venue for local live music without the festival feel. Every final Friday of the month always provides an eclectic mix of art, music and people. Nice getaway from the pretentious hipsters and drunken freshman. Bartenders are a bit prickly, but you learn how to be patient. This place does not serve food, only on final Fridays when the BBQ is set up by a vendor. Never a dress code and plenty of free street parking if you don't mind taking a little stroll. Experience The Sail Inn before it closes for good.
5	I have seen so many awesome musical acts at this place I cannot even count.  Sadly the Sail Inn is closing down this summer(2014), so this review probably won't do a whole lot of good.  This place is(was) a Tempe icon, and I am definitely bummed to see it go.  Sail Inn has both indoor and outdoor stages and when fireworks are going off at Tempe Town Lake or Sundevil Stadium, you can't find a better spot to have a beer and watch the spectacle.  With two stages, Sail Inn was ideal for mini-festivals....many a reggae shows blessed their stages.  I can't even remember how many times I've watched Tempe's Godfather of Reggae, Walt Richardson laying down some funky reggae at the Sail Inn, then sat and enjoyed a beer with the local legend afterwards.The closing of the Sail Inn in Tempe is going to create a vacuum that I cannot see any other venue in the area filling any time soon.
5	Sad to see this place is closing down and moving to a different location. Super fun and chill spot. Enjoyed seeing Spafford here. Definitely not for everyone, but it's a great venue with good beer, good music, and good people.
