5	Never in a million years would I have thought of saying 'I love gping to the dentist' but Dr. Nesbit is totally cool. He works late hours and made last minute appointments for me. My kids felt so comfortable with him and so did I. He followed up and made sure I was comfortable after treatment. He also called in some meds for me too. Great doctor, genuinely nice staff, and the office has upgraded equipment, definitely not old school. Young friendly staff! :)
5	Dr. Jones was very friendly and understanding!
5	Friendly staff and very accommodating. No need to fear the dentist Dr. Nesbit and Dr. Jones are amazing. The dentists follow up with you personally even on weekends.
5	I know it is going sound strange to hear that I had a great experience at the dentist. Especially when you consider the fact that I  lost a filling and had to get a crown. To most that sounds like the beginning of a horror show, but if you go to Jones Family Dentistry it doesn't have to be the case. The staff is not only professional and nice, they are extremely knowledgable about every aspect of their role. I have been seen by Dr Nesbit in the past but on this visit I saw Dr Didea. He was awesome! He used the latest technology to make sure my crown fit exactly like the tooth that was in my mouth. A week later he called me personally to make sure everything was perfect and told me that he would make room for me if it wasn't. These guys have have thought of everything and are doing it with a very high level of efficiency. If you don't LOVE your current dentist you need to give these guys a try.
5	I have to say I'm completely impressed with my new dentist, Dr. Jared Nesbit of Jones Family Dentistry.  Not only did he perform with great skill, but his office is state-of-the-art with the best tools for their procedures. I received excellent service by all members of the staff.  He even made sure I paid the estimated amount for my procedures even though the insurance didn't cover as much as they thought. WOW!  Excellent! Go see him
5	Great office! Great staff (they know what they're doing, are very accommodating, and are very friendly), and the facility is really nice.On my first visit for a routine check-up, Dr. Didea found a cavity, and was kind enough to squeeze me in between seeing other patients so I wouldn't have to come back for the filling.On my second visit, I had a cleaning done by Kathy. She's so nice/personable and did a great job!I tell my family/friends to go here. It's hard to find a good dentist... but this is the place!
