2	Got here at 3:25 pm, it is now 5: 25 pm. I finally saw the doctor. Waiting on my prescriptions for 15 minutes. I can hear the nurses gossiping in the hallway instead of getting my prescriptions.   It should be renamed "slow as hell" care...
1	Don't bother. Just google your problem and you can diagnose yourself better and more accurately.
3	First off, I can see why people think it is slow, but they also have a sign up saying you will be seen in order of priority. Therefore, if you are not gushing blood you can wait awhile.My girl broke her wrist so we spend few hours here maybe two, but the nurses were nice to her and even offered to fill out all her paperwork for her since her wrist was broken. So I have to say that's good customer service. ;)
4	Brought my child in who was really sick!!!!  Customer service superb and compassionate towards him, we waited only a few minutes mto get in a room. Staff very friendly, they listen , diagnos, the only negative was it takes a little while to get prescription.
2	My issue with this location wasn't the wait, but the staff. They were snapping at each other, complaining about patients, and all within earshot of the waiting room.  They were talking about this one couple who walked in 1 MINUTE after they were closed like they weren't even there. I was shocked. I mean I can understand they were probably irritated because it was the end of the night, but don't argue with each other and talk about guests while they are right there. Wait until you get home or something.  Also the nurse that I had wasn't that personable and was very rough when treating me, despite the fact that I had told the doctor that I was already in a lot pain.  I think next time, I'll just wait it out at home or drive to another location.
2	I laughed at Rufus Q's review but he is completely correct. I have had several visits to UMC QuickCares over the past couple years and this Buffalo location was the closest to my former residence, so it's probably the one I visited most. After encountering the "fatherly" doctor a couple times I would drive out of my way to the location at Peccole Ranch just to avoid the CHANCE of getting her again. Then again this was just up the street from me, and being tired after work I would sometimes give in and just go to this one. I did encounter her on a good day once, and to be fair my issues were taken care of in the end for every occasion, but just the condescending tone in which she handled me was somewhat insulting and very aggravating. Obviously I am not just wasting 2 hours of my time to visit a doctor if it wasn't serious enough!I believe the first time I had her I had to plead my case, which she pretty much brushed off. Then a week later I came back with the same problems to plead my case again, and that time she did give me something that helped. As if having health problems wasn't enough, having to convince the doctor that you ARE having problems to me is one of the worst feelings in the world. I came to you for help, and you want to have attitude and/or brush off my symptoms? Why are you a doctor???I have seen a couple other doctors here and had no problems with them. Like I said, just having a chance of getting her again is enough to make me drive somewhere else just to avoid the inconvenience and anger I feel at having both health problems AND doctor problems. Thankfully I've moved recently and this is not the closest QuickCare for me anymore.FYI this and the Peccole Ranch locations have had "summer hours" in the past, which means they closed at 4 or 4:30... and this is not something that's noted on their website. Whenever I had needed to go after these had closed I would go to the one in Spring Valley, on Rainbow. If it's summertime and you may need to show up after 4, call ahead!
4	I've had a pretty good service. It's true that is Sunday Morning and there was only one costumer in front of me but the process was pretty fast. They made all the right procedures (I've have spent some time in ER) to diagnose me. I've just give 4 start because by experience the doctor should recommend an X-Ray exam to discard some pulmonary decease after a severe flu infection but generally it's was pretty good.
1	I went to see Dr. Padre (UMC Quick Care N. Buffalo) with multiple symptoms due to a previous accident. She had a diagnosis for every ailment I have without even examining me. This Dr. must think she has some kind of psychic powers or something. I was previously diagnosed with asthma via a breathing test and have difficulty breathing. She had me breathe in and out and said she didn't hear any weezing in my lungs, so I can't be short of breath. I told her that I have severe pain in my knee, which I have had surgery on, and severe pain in my low back and she dismissed it as arthritis. I told her my knee feels like it pops in and out of joint, she said no, it's your muscles. How can I have arthritis in my muscles? o_O/She is too quick to misdiagnose, just like the doctors at Valley and Umc Hospitals that told my mom she had arthritis and it was bone cancer. I have very little faith in Dr's in LV. Most good Dr's have left LV, and now we're stuck with the incompetent leftovers. By the way, the front staff worker Kim was rude and snide, needs more people person skills. Not friendly at all. Would've given no stars if I could've.
2	PLEASE READ BEFORE WASTING YOUR TIME! First, I'd like to give the nurses their credit. They were warm, sweet, and patient. I was feeling good about seeing the doctor. This is when it gets bad. DR. LIU walks in, doesn't knock or introduce himself, and says, "So what are you here for?" I tell him I'm having an allergic reaction to some medication. He tells me to give him background, so I do, only to have him cut me off to tell me I'm not making sense. Then he says, "Well, why did you keep taking it? Common sense should have told you to stop. What do you need?" Taken aback, I tell him I need to get a new rx. Then he tells me "Oh you don't care about your allergy, you just want a new prescription! You're lucky, you should be dead."  I mean, really? Then I tell him I feel like he's being condescending and lecturing me. He says, "Yes. I need to educate you." It was over at that point. I collected my belongings and left. However, I talked to the nurses bc I was so upset, and they were quick to have me write a statement and gave me a number for a patient advocate, which makes me think this is common with him. Oh, and good final order he wrote? "Stop taking Bactrim." Duh.
1	I went in because of a problem breathing and tightness in the chest. The wait was only and hour and that doesn't bother me because there was many people in front of me waiting. The nurses are warm, listen well and take notes for the doctor. That's where the good ends. The doctor came in and asked what the problem is. I explained again since she didn't seem to bother reading what the nurses wrote because that would have explained everything. She proceeds to have me open my mouth and say ah. Immediately she says I have stuff dripping down my throat and that's causing the tightness in my chest. Sinusitis she called it. I have an issue with asthmatic bronchitis every few years and while I was trying to explain this I got cut off and was told that I don't know what I'm talking about. She prescribes anti-biotics, a nasal spray, and something for my cough. Two days later I had to go to the ER because I still couldn't breathe. My blood oxygen saturation was below 90%. (Which they didn't even bother checking at UMC even though I said I was having problems breathing.)  I was given a steroid injection, a breathing treatment and an inhaler. I am feeling much better. Never again will I go to this place. It was a complete waste of time and money. The convenience of a place a block away is not worth my health suffering. Don't use this place.
2	Quick Care is a deceptive title for a place that makes you wait for 2 hours.  45 minutes I waited just to get called up to the counter to complete paper work.  Another hour was waited just to get called to the back.  A further 15 minutes were waited between getting my vitals checked and when the doctor finally showed.  The 5 minutes spent with the doctor was the quickest part of Quick Care.  I knew what I was getting into when I went in but I didn't know what other options I had.  I was feeling terrible and I was afraid I was coming down with pneumonia.  I would have gone to my primary doctor but his office was closed this week for the holidays.  So Quick Care it was.  At least I was given a z-pak, a new inhaler and some decongestants for my ailment.  And I am feeling much better now thanks to all that.  But getting there was a terrible experience.  I am not a people person and there are too many people at a quick care who have a knack for getting under my skin.  I mean patients not staff.  Just wanted to clarify.  The staff was actually pretty alright.  They are friendly and a few of them were making rather sorry jokes.  They may have been lame but I appreciate the effort.  At least it provides for a relaxing atmosphere in an otherwise stressful situation.
2	Normally I am hardly ever sick. Since I've begun working in the public and being around 200 or more people daily that seems to have drastically changed.I am no MD, but I know enough and I know what I can take/need for my symptoms. When you go in for Tonsillitis and the doctors want to give you OTC Zyrtec (which they will swear up and down is covered by your insurance, ITS NOT!!)  you know something is just not right. This happened to me. I hate the fact that I have to get a little abrasive with the doctors here to get them to understand that not everyone in Vegas has allergies. Furthermore my tonsils are clearly swollen and there is a white coating on them, PLUS a fever and I have the chills... THAT IS NOT ALLERGIES! The doctor finally rxd me some Amox and a throat coat, but me having to play good cop bad cop with someone I'm paying is just BS. Really the only reason I go here is because it's close to my apartment somewhat, and they're opened on the weekends at 8am. My son and I both needed to be seen and we got there at 745am, Signed in at 803am (they opened late) and weren't seen until 9am!! We were 3rd on the list! RIDICULOUS!  Prior to this visit I went in for an upper respiratory infection which again they attributed to allergies... and again tried to "prescribe" Zyrtec to me.  Meh, no yay for you!
1	Hell to the No! Go the regular hospital or find somewhere else. The staff is incompetent and rude. I was misdiagnosed and had to visit a hospital anyway. Don't waste your time here! The billed my insurance incorrect and sent me a bill.
5	I've been here several times & I am always prepared to wait a minimum of 1 hour to be seen, its a UMC walk-in facility, what do you expect? You didn't make an appointment to be seen and they take patients in order of priority due to their age/severity of illness.The front desk staff & nurses are always very friendly/welcoming. I do admit the nurses to tend to chat a lot in the back, but overall they get the job done.  All the prescriptions & diagnosis from the doctors are spot on for me. From strep throat, tonsilitous,  to allergies; I always go to this UMC and I have not have any problems.
3	Was on vacation and needed to get an infection looked at - wouldn't have been able to see my Dr back home for several weeks. Front office and Medical staff all friendly and seem both competent and concerned.  Just prepare yourself for waits of half hour at least for each step of the process, and there are multiple steps. Always better to see your own Doc but this is a good option when you can't.
1	I went to this clinic early Sunday morning. I was one of the first people there. The front desk was prompt and extremely polite(if I was grading just them I'd give them 5 stars!!) I was promptly taken back by a nurse and put in a room. About 30-40 minutes later the doctor walked in, he was rude, uninterested, kept interrupting me and telling me what symptoms I should have if I really had what I claimed to come in for. He left and said he'd be back in a moment. While I was waiting for the doctor to come back in I heard every conversation the staff was having, about football, not wanting to be working, and a fight between a nurse and a doctor. A good while later the nurse came in with a prescription. The doctor never came in to tell me the results of my test, a diagnosis, what to do if symptoms persist, NADA!! I never saw the doctor again! Other than my pleasant experience with the front desk this was a terrible experience, the front staff could teach the nurses and doctors a thing or two about patient care.
4	I'm giving this a 4 for the facilty and front office staff and the two doctors I saw prior to this visit.  Having been here a total of three times I have never experienced much of a wait.  All three visits I've been in and out in less than 60 to 75 minutes.   On this last visit I was experiencing severe back pain and because I'm paranoid and couldn't pinpoint an injury, I assumed my kidneys were in trouble. Thank you, Google.  Of course just turned out to be muscle strain.  The doctor for this visit would get zero stars. One of the prescriptions she gave me was so new that no Smith's or Albertson's had it. When she was called from the pharmacy for an alternative she said no, and  she wanted me to drive to CVS or Walgreens looking for it. She just saw me barely walking and expected me to drive all over town. Unacceptable. After I got on the phone with her and told her what I thought she gave an alternate prescription bur I shouldn't have had to do that.
4	I definitely had a great experience here. The wait was not very long, all the staff were polite and friendly, and the office was clean. I would definitely recommend this quick care location over some of the others I have been to!
1	One of the worst place to go to if you're sick, better go anywhere else rather than this place.I want today with my wife to check a pain that she have on her knees and we wait like 3 1/2 hours just for the doctor to tell her that you can do anything and she need to take a pain relief medicine! Is that something they could tell us at the beginning and not spending our time and money for us ? The doctor was very rude and she just want to get it done with us, she act like my wife is pretending or she just inventing that you have been on her knee. I don't think this is the way to treat customerEven if it's urgent care or not!
