5	Pinkbox gourmet  doughnuts are in northwest vegas! Welcome guys! Their doughnuts are delicious and fun. I went today and one of the owners was greeting customers and welcoming them. I got to chit chat with him and say thank you for making pinkbox doughnuts readily available. The doughnuts are even more delicious than the Lake mead location. Why you ask? Because I don't have to drive as far.  They will be opening a drive thru in 2 weeks. I can't wait. Doughnuts + coffee+ drive thru window= win, win, win!!!
5	oh my god....finally a custom lil doughnut spot that is making some super creative things that you have def never seen before.Managed to show some restraint and order only one donut instead of a dozenthe elvis....chocolate banana and peanut butter creme filling....amazingafter enjoying the doughnut at home i instantly regretted not getting a dozenthe fruit loops one looked amazing...too many to choose frommade right there super freshawesomeand open 24 hours on the weekend for those late night cravings
5	Stopped by Fabulous Freddy's and decided it was the perfect opportunity to check out Pink Box while I was there. I walked up to the counter unsure of what to get and took a few minutes to study the various selections. They all looked pretty amazing and fancy. At this point it was pretty obvious that it was my first time here, so I asked the girls at the counter what they recommended. They told me that they were all delicious but that the maple bacon bar was pretty popular, so I opted for that one. Since it was my first time here I was offered a complimentary doughnut on the house, so I decided to try the key lime as well.The key lime was a glazed doughnut filled with key lime and topped with whipped cream and more key lime. It was tasty and not overly sweet...tasted just like a pie, just with softer consistency. The maple bacon bar was a glazed maple doughnut bar topped with bacon. It was absolutely delicious, with a good mix of sweet and savory notes, and the maple and bacon flavors go surprisingly well together.I tried their coffee as well, and opted for the vanilla one which was so good and much better than other vanilla coffee that I've had elsewhere, probably because this one wasn't added as an artificial flavoring.I am definitely looking forward to coming back here to try all their gourmet doughnuts since they all looked so awesome and appetizing. In the next few weeks, they'll be going to a 24/7 schedule as well, which will make it that much more convenient to fill your doughnut cravings anytime.
5	I was super excited to see that they were opening up our beloved Pinkbox Donuts in our neighborhood instead of having to trek down to the Lake Mead location.Even then, it took us this long to go in (life is crazy). They were running a little low on selection but did let us know that another shipment  (from the Lake Mead store where they bake them) was on its way. Thankfully, they had some of our favs, so we were good.I LOVE the key lime pie and whipped cream filled. The key lime is a glazed donut with key lime filling and whipped cream and more key lime filling on top. The taste is divine. Rich, but not too rich and is perfect for me, since I love key lime pie but dislike graham cracker crusts. The whipped cream filled is a standard donut, filled with whipped cream and dipped in coarse sugar on top. Light, fluffy perfection.Same great products and same great service as the Lake Mead store. No doubt, we will be back!
2	I was sort of shocked to see so many 5 star reviews. I went this morning, and I was less than impressed. The donuts were not very visually attractive. I'm not sure if someone new did the decorating? The flavors were ok. The fruity pebble covered cake donut was marginal at best. The cereal was not crunchy, but more soggy from being dipped in the frosting. I might try this place again since it does have such stellar reviews. Maybe they were just having an off morning? It was definitely more random grocery store quality rather than a gourmet donut experience.
5	Well, I kind of go in here way too much! But it's SO GOOD!!!! The staff is so friendly, feel terrible because I don't have their names, but they are wonderful! Oh, and the doughnuts - amazing!!!!!!! So happy to have them in the NW! And now I'm hungry for another sweet potato doughnut...or maybe a caramel apple...bavarian? lol. They're all amazing!
4	This was my first experience with the Pink Box. I was in the area the night before and discovered this little doughnut Nirvana inside the Fabulous Freddy's Gas Station and Car Wash. The selection of doughnuts was like none I have ever seen before. A bacon maple bar? What? A Crunch bar complete with Capn' Crunch Cereal? That's crunchtastic. I am a big fan of the cinnamanon roll and their "Cinnamon Tornado" rivals any doughnut shop cinnamon roll anywhere. The service was fast and friendly. I grabbed a cup of their Sumatra coffee as well, to go along with the delicable doughnut delights. I thought the coffee was good and I am a coffee snob. I will definitely be back many times over.
4	I give pink box 4 stars, if I was just reviewing for toppings and creativity it would be a 5 all the way. But to me they just taste like standard donuts with fancy stuff on top. I know this isn't an easy way for someone to compare, but if you find yourself in oakland, go to donut savant. They not only have the creative donuts down, but even the dough is well above what a normal donut tastes like.
4	I don't know how I haven't been to the original location yet seeing as it's by my mom in laws. I'm thankful to have a convenient location now by my house- unfortunately, it's not open late night like this Fabulous Freddys and the Robertos tacos it shares a building with.Donuts range from $1- 1.75 each, will update with dozen prices later since I forgot. Other than donuts, they do hot chocolate and coffee. Drive thru isn't currently open, but will open soon. The BF and I got a dozen donuts at a deal since we got there near "closing" and they were trying to sell. They close when they sell out when I asked what their hours were. The fat elvis is the most popular, but I think it's a bit much for me. Too much going on of sweet on top of sweet. I enjoyed the pumpkin spice, the plainer bars, the cream filled more. Their cake style donuts were rather good and I'm not generally a fan of those, but the oreo was great with coffee. Since it was the end of the day and slimmer pickin's I need to be back for the popular items like bacon maple, fritters and cinnamon rolls.I like quirky combinations and trying new things. It's not always gonna be successful for me, but I can appreciate people trying for a bit different and pushing further items that are familiar. I'll be back earlier next time...I'm just not a early morning person nor a early morning doughnut eater. I eat donuts at night.
5	These donuts are AMAZING! Best donuts I have ever had in my life! The selection is perfect! I will never ever appreciate another donut like Pinkbox. From your classic yummy glazed fluffy, airy and perfectly glazed. To the specialty ones like like the Fat Elvis with this silky smooth peanut butter on the inside and a yummy chocolate top glaze with a slice of what tasted to be a caramelized banana slice OMG!!!!!!! And the balance between good and rich has been found! They are dangerous enough to easily eat a couple with out it being too sweet or rich for the your taste buds.  I bought two dozen specialty and classic and my office loved it! Don't want to feel guilty about eating more than one... Buy a couple slice them up share with friends have a taste test and see which one is your favorite!  Fat Elvis and Banana Cream Pie are my fave!!!
4	For fattening donuts they make it worthwhile get the Elvis donut. With chocolate peanut butter and banana. Mmm. Mmm good. Only 1 time a month unless you want to gain weight. Mmm still
4	Yes! It seemed to take forever, but that old Dunkin has finally moved up the road and Pink Box has moved in! This location is inside the Fabulous Freddy's so it does get pretty busy sometimes. I could be wrong but I believe all the donuts are brought over from the main store too, so some of the popular stuff seems to run out quickly. As far as the donuts go, Pink Box offers a spectacular product! They are always fresh and super soft. Even If I tried, I wouldn't know where to start on trying to figure out what's my favorite. The cheesecake varieties are amazing and if you like filled donuts, my wife swears they make the best raspberry filled in town. Even if you just want a classic style donut, their chocolates, glazed and blueberry donuts are delicious too. But you can't forget about the "gourmet" options...everything I've tried from the Fat Elvis to the S'mores are beyond good. And if it's your first time, you can't leave without trying a maple bacon bar! When the original location opened up last year, we tried them a few times and just never had a good experience. That was quite a while ago though and they have really got a good thing going on now. Pink Box is quickly becoming one of my favorites! It doesn't even have to be a breakfast thing either, I'm down for a banana cream pie donut pretty much 24/7! ;)
5	I was very excited to see a Pink Box open closer to home. Even though it is located in a gas station, the selection is the same as the Lake Mead location and the donuts are just as fresh. What puts this location over the top is the amazing service. We sat opposite of the counter and watched as Emily and Karisa greeted each customer with a smile and friendly conversation. They were more than willing to provide info regarding the donuts and help customers make decisions. Keep up the great service ladies. We will definitely be back!!
4	Items Selected:CroNutKey LimeBanana Cream PieGranny's Apple PieBlueberryButtermilkPink VelvetHaving made it a point to sample through a dozen varieties of Pink Box Doughnuts even before relocating to Las Vegas I knew it would only be a matter of time before I made my way up to Centennial Hills to take a look at their gas station based 24-hr satellite, a promise of fresh daily deliveries at 6:00am driving a Sunday visit where nearly two dozen novel selections and a smiley young clerk stood waiting.  Without a doubt the most trendy doughnuttery in town it was with some restraint that I opted for a half-dozen +1 and at a $10 tally the majority of selections were saved for NFL game time snacking, the exceptions being a still-warm $2.25 take on Dominique Ansel's 'Cronut' that unfortunately proved oily, flaccid, and uninspired plus the cocoa-laden pink velvet whose hefty chocolate notes found needed levity in rich, though overly sweet, cream cheese.  Moving onward to the rest, much like other quirky "Voodoo inspired" shops across the country standards like the blueberry cake and buttermilk bar proved above average while novelties stole the spotlight, each filled option featuring natural ingredients and both the banana pudding and key lime gel spot-on representations of the iconic pie fillings inside a fluffy leavened pocket.  A mixed experience to be sure and a prime example of why places of its ilk rarely appeal to purists I personally look forward to seeing how the company evolves over time...hopefully a bit less cronut/bacon/cereal 'me too' in favor of more ambitious 'outside the box' thinking a la the Nutty Pig, Salted Caramel Twist, and Cream pies.
5	It only closed and hour ago and that's awesome but I wish I would have know that before. Perfect donut places owners are great they love the people. Best donuts ever.
4	The experience here has been varying as of late. Sometimes, the doughnuts are immaculately put together. When done right, they're delicious, nearly flawless. They blow the mind. Increasingly, quality has been slipping. Under-cooked, too much frosting, next to no filling, sloppy toppings... it makes a big difference. I don't know if they're having trouble keeping up with demand or they're putting amateurs in charge of the bake, but the number of disappointing visits is starting to out-weigh the good ones. Lake Mead location included. They've even messed up the math on my orders a couple of times.The stock seems to always be depleted unless you hit them at just the right time. It makes me wonder if they can handle the boom in popularity. Still, I give them the benefit of the doubt. The original group makes a mean batch of doughnuts. It's just not so much of a sure thing now.
5	I love to pick up donuts for my work every once in awhile. People get mad because you can't resist a doughnut...especially on a Friday. I've been going to the same Ma & Pop place down the street. I still go there...but there is something about Pink Box that is just so luring...oh, yes. It's the gourmet specialty doughnuts. Just look at the pictures.The service is always so good here. The girls that are usually working are such sweethearts and very quick to help. Love this place!!
1	Pretty good unique donuts, just the service is not so good.  Drive thru in the am is longer than Starbucks.  Waited 15 minutes behind one car and when she finally came to window, she didn't even apologize for the long wait.  Why don't they have the menu in the window?  Instead of handing it to you in the car when you pull up?  Think this will be last trip to pink box, the car behind me started honking.  annoying way to start the morning.
2	Buttermilk bar is what I tried for my first visit. Not impressed. But I will try again since this placed is praised!
5	My friend Allison first introduced me to Pink Box a year ago....now I find I'm addicted to the Tutti Frutti!  I have literally tried every donut here, but I personally can't go wrong with a bag of Tutti Frutti from Pink Box!Close second favorite is the apple fritter! The Centennial Hills location offers a drive thru which is nice so you can hurry home to eat the delicious donuts.  The downside to the drive thru is that you can't easily see which donuts are available, but the staff is usually friendly and helpful.
5	I really like the unique flavors, the staff at this location is always friendly and eager to help. We have tried a maple bar, fruit bar, strawberry cheesecake, boston creme, and the Elvis. All have been very fresh with interesting tastes, we will be going back here for more!
5	HOLY COW was this place awesome! Every foodie needs to try one of these amazing one of a kind doughnuts. Worth breaking a diet for!
1	As good as these donuts are, it's so inconvenient to wake up at 10:30 want a donut and they have ZERO  I mean seriously it's 10:45 am and you don't have 1 donut left  so disappointing and this is not the first time it's happened
4	I would have to say that being raised with nothing but donuts from Sluy's Poulsbo Bakery in WA State I am a bit of a donut snob! In fact I will only eat maple bars from Sluy's Bakery, but Pink Box was able to hold a candle to Sluy's maple bar and that is saying a lot!!! Pink Box has a lot of giant specialty donuts that are jam packed with fillings such as PB and bananas, which they call the Fat Elvis. But I am more a fan of the so called regular donuts rather than the stuffed specialties. I think my favorite would have to be the Fruit Loop Cereal Bar. No matter what your pleasure, they make their donuts fresh daily and they serve them up with a smile and they are miles ahead of Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts as far as taste, variety and freshness!
2	I like Pinkbox donuts products and enjoy the savory sweet donuts, but this location is rage inducing at times. Now if you read my reviews I rarely slam a business, but I have to say that their business structure kinda sucks. They're open until 5 or until they sell out. They're always sold out.  I come here weekly because my grandma in law likes to eat the same foods often so we're at Robertos 1-3 times a week. After work we often stop around 4pm-430pm to get her meal and I've not once caught them open. I feel if you are selling out so fast that you dont make it to closing perhaps have more donuts. My first review was back from when they were brand new. Since then I haven't been able to catch them open, even once stopping in at 3pm and no success. So next time went in early to find them open, but disappointed that all they had were a tiny amount of all the basics, none of to gourmet flavors and it was only noon on a weekday. My MIL made a special stop with me on a dayoff early and that was the only successful trip after many failed trips. After that my MIL gone to pick up grandmas order for lunch and to be nice said she tried to get me maple bacon bars and they didnt have any. Today went in to find them closed, again. I really wish it wasn't like this, but I've made more than enough attempts to try to give them business within their stated business hours. Being open 24 hours makes sense considering they are in a 24 hour gas station with 24 hour Mexican food. If they were, I know we would be buying a ton of donuts as my house is full of people who like donuts. I know others would too as I kid you not Ive heard others bitching about it while I'm waiting for my Robertos order.I have a hard time figuring out what to rate them but I won't be trying to stop in for donuts anymore. I am so over it.
5	Went to this location for the first time this morning and I was pleasantly surprised. Fantastic service reasonable prices for what you get and the price on the menu is the price you're charged taxes included. Definitely made a new customer today
1	Never have gotten to try! Came by today, it's 235 and their closed. I should have went by all the yelp reviews of this location that they are either sold out or closed. Seems they would allocate for the business IF they wanted to be successful. I'm passing the word to all my friend that this place is a joke. Never open when it says they are. Why even had a business?!?
3	So I just tried this place this morning (10/17/14) for the first time. I've recently moved to NW Las Vegas from CA and haven't found a doughnut place to my liking out here and doughnuts are one of my go-to morning meals. I read a lot of mixed reviews about this place and decided to try it for myself. I got the coco loco donut, which is the one with cocoa pebbles on top, and a maple bacon bar. I ate the coco loco one first and although the actual donut was a perfect consistency, the cocoa pebbles on top were stale. I would have enjoyed that so much better if the cereal was as fresh as the doughnut. And as far as the maple bacon bar, again the donut part was good but the bacon on top was so hard I couldn't even chew it, and I couldn't even make it half way through that doughnut before just throwing it away. A little disappointed but willing to try it again, maybe a little closer to the opening hours rather than 9:30am.
4	Excellent donuts, but this is a redistribution site.  For the full experience you need to stop by their other locations, but if this is closer it certainly is more convenient.  Just be sure to stop by early enough to secure your donuts before they run out of the ones you wanted!
4	Pink Box oozes creative flavor combos and truly reminds me of its distant cousin -- Voodoo doughnuts located in funky Portland, OR.  I would dare say they are just as good as my frequent visits to Voodoo. Wacky flavor combos include Bacon Maple Bar - Fat Elvis - Key Lime Pie- and all sorts of other off the wall concoctions. Bacon + Doughnuts- really? It works. When we went to pick up the 2 dozen for an office party earlier this year - we truly couldn't decide on what we wanted. The gal working the counter eagerly helped pick out a variety for my office party to accommodate everyone. She defiantly provided a solid sampling of several different styles and tastes (jelly/cream filled and your traditional cake style doughnuts). As I suspected, they were a big hit in the office. As I mentioned above, these are fun to pick up for clients or coworkers. My coworker stopped by my desk today and was asking about them - which prompted my review. We were scoping out their Instagram page and the craving hit us.  I will be swinging by tomorrow to pick up Christmas treats for the office. No Christmas cards needed- pass out Doughnuts and weasel your way into being the office sweetheart ;).We want to sample their seasonal doughnuts - which at the moment includes Eggnog--  A Santa face doughnut - A Reindeer doughnut- and candy cane doughnut- all that will delight kids and adults alike.  It's something unexpected and my coworkers go BANANAS for them. I can't wait to try their new flavors and will post updated pics at that time. It is always fun to watch everyone sample difference flavors and enjoy learning about which doughnut was what. Clearly, I'm a fan and would suggest giving them a whirl to curb your sweet tooth when it strikes!
3	D'oh! This Pink Box Location is location inside the convenience store portion of a Shell Gas Station. I drove in circles looking for a free standing store.Alongside the Pink Box Doughnuts there is also a Roberto's Taco Shop located inside this Shell convenience complex. Tacos, Doughnuts and Gas station fare! The Pink Box location is located in the back righthand corner of the building. There you'll find brightly frosted and sprinkled donuts, or donuts with numerous bacon iterations to entice you. I noticed that the donut selection here tends to be more colorful than the main store. A little less fresh at times but the donuts are awesome!
