5	I took my 1988 Mercedes 560 SEC into DynoComp today to get a baseline dyno run with Air/Fuel evaluation.The guys at DynoComp could not have been nicer.  They were all enthusiastic, professional and obviously motorheads.They spent an hour with me doing some basic tuning on my ancient CIS-E fuel injection and allowed me to make some tweaks.Its pretty easy to get snotty when you work on REALLY high end cars.  But there was not a hint of snotty at  this place.  Or else they were on their best behavior.This is a shop I can see coming back to for other services besides dyno tune.  Their techs had all the good equipment and they seemed to be having fun.Thanks guys.
5	Best shop in town.Every employee at Dyno-Comp is well-informed and treats the business like their own. This translates to quality work and attention to detail, as well as attention to the client.  Nobody is trying to screw you or upsell, and the work they do is bar none the best available.I personally have dealt with Richard, Ken, and Ron, and could not be happier. If you want your car to go from just a car to something truly special, do yourself a favor and take it here.
5	Great facility and highly skilled techs. I went here to dyno my 335i and they were very helpful and friendly.
5	These guys are very informative and professional and I can't say enough good things about the customer service they provide, it's an outstanding service all round.
5	These guys are always great. I needed some quick setting changes done on an ECM that was flashed back to stock (2011 Chevrolet Silverado 1500) so I called around and everyone else told me they're booked solid for 3 weeks out. I called dyno comp and talked to the owner, Richard, who said they're booked too but he would fit me in sometime during the day and to just call and give him a heads up the day before. When I went in, I was back on the road in under and hour with the settings changed like I needed. The work was done at a reasonable rate and I fully intend to return when I get a supercharger installed.
5	I had my WRX tuned by Richard and company and am very happy with their service. The car runs amazingly and their service was top notch. Richard seems like a stand up guy and his reputation around many of the tuner boards is very good. I would definitely recommend my friends who'd want their car tuned to Dyno comp.
