5	When my husband (then a boyfriend) and I were walking down rue st-paul est in vieux montreal, we spotted a group of Japanese people going into this restaurant.  Then my hubby went, "Hey J people went in there, they always know where it's at." lol  And he was right, they do know where it's at.The best steak tartar!  The best oysters!  The wine selection... the flambee crepe, desert.... OMG everything we ate were ecstatic!  Since then, everytime we visit Montreal, we make a point to go to this restaurant.  I would say it's better than most of the restaurants I went to in Paris.  Just go there.  Attire, business casual or above.  Very old school French, classy place, so I would suggest you be dressy.*note: I went there before 2008 so the review is based on that.
1	We had the worst dining experience of our entire vacation at this restaurant during our recent trip to Montreal. Our server was terrible and the food wasn't much better. I assume most patrons choose this place based on it's location on the Rue St-Paul and outdoor cafe seating with views of the harbor & open air market containing lots of cartsand street performers. What I can tell you is the food was entirely forgettable. I had the Atlantic Salmon plate with rice and greens and it was completly flavorless. My wife had the quesadilla and got sick less than 2 hours later. My daughter ordered the chicken fingers (4 small pieces) with frites and even she didn't eat all of them and she loves chicken. Overall it was a very disappointing  experience and one I wish to never relive.
2	Ok to take a break for a beer.  Lunch salad was forgettable - just a bed of greens with olive oil - I could've done better at home.  Fries were the regular deep fried variety and poutine seemed overwhelming.  Not at all close to the authentic Montreal or Quebec cuisine we had in other places
3	I'm really surprised a French restaurant IN Montreal was just mediocre. I was so excited to try out this place since our normal places closed down. We arrived at 5:30 since we had to leave by 7:40pm. The waiter hurriedly gave us the menus, then almost immediately asked what we would like. Dude, we haven't even had the chance to take a look at the menu yet. Fine, we finally decided. Some of us ordered from the prixe fix menu which consisted of these things: creme brulee foie gras (this is what gave the restaurant the 3 stars), salmon tartare (ok, pretty flavorless), porkchop (dry and chewy), beef cheek over mashed potatoes (also dry, a little more tender), and rabbit leg (juicy and fork tender). My cheesecake was weird, it was more like a mousse sandwiched with chocolate brownie. I did not like it. I also tried my bf's sorbet, which was pretty good. It had raspberry, mango and lemon. The lemon was bitter, but the mango and raspberry was smooth and fruity.By the time we finished our dessert, it was past 8pm. It made me wonder why the waiter didn't rush us through dessert. I don't think this place is worth going back.
5	Fine dining at its best, and it doesn't need to break the bank. Two of us went Table d'Hote plus two half bottles of wine for $165 plus tip. Wonderful surroundings and olde worlde style service. The food was excellent and the wines served at perfect temperature by an knowledgeable sommelier. Some dishes actually cooked at the table. Ideal for a romantic a deux evening.
5	I'm somewhat baffled, because I honestly have no idea which restaurant some of these reviewers could possibly be referring to: Nachos?  Quesadillas?  There was nothing even remotely like that on the menu when we dined there this past month, and based on the lived-in, traditional decor, not to mention the years-old citations and magazine reviews framed on the walls, I can't imagine how the restaurant could have possibly changed formats 180 degrees in recent months.  The Chez Queux where we dined featured traditional French/Canadian food, prepared in a traditional French/Canadian style; the food was delicious, tastefully presented and served by gracious staff in a traditional and cozy setting.  We were fortunate to have found the place, and look forward to returning there on our next trip.
1	First i would like to say that i never went there because of what happen.A few months ago i was planning a business lunch for me and my partners and i have heard great thing about this restaurant. Willing to try it i decided to called them.No one answer so i left a message and the voicemall also mention the restaurant open tuesday at 5pm and so it there website.Tuesday at 5pm i was around so i decided to go to the restaurant and book my reservation to my surprise no one was there at 5pm i stayed in front of the store until 5h30pm and called several time but no one answer. There was no message on the door or in the voicemail...A bit frustrated i left and was wondering maybe they closed the restaurant and went on vacation or something like that anyhow i went to eat somewhere else that night.At the end of my dinner since i was still in downtown i decided to give it another shot!To my surprise all the door was closed and no one was there!I can't believe how a restaurant can do that!If you are going to close the restaurant at least write something on a piece of paper and put it on the front door so people know or change the voice mail it takes like 5 min!I can understand that changing information on the website isn't the easiest thing to do but don't tell me no one could have write a message and stick it on the door?!Anyways, i decided to book at another restaurant.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
5	My friends and I were in old Montreal, and we were looking for a place to eat.  My requirements were great big open seating, and I was hankering for sangria, because I had seen several signs for it.  This place even had street performers singing outside their seating.  We requested a table by the street, so we could listen to the singers.      We looked at the menu, and I went with a ham and cheese sandwich. The ham and cheese sandwich came with a salad, and we then ordered a pitcher of sangria.  They had several different colors of sangria.  All were wine, but some had alcohol added to change the colors.  They had pink, green, purple, red, white and some other colors available, we opted for green.     While we waited for our food, we drank our green sangria, listened to the band play twenty feet or so away from us, and enjoyed the cool breeze as it gently passed through. Our food arrived before too long, and it was wonderful.  The whole experience was great.  My ham and cheese sandwich was toasted and the cheese was melted, the salad was cold and crisp, and the fruit filed sangria added for a nice refreshing beverage.  Great place, nice food, sweet waitresses, awesome meal on a warm day.
3	I think that the confusion here is that there is a restaurant called Chez Queux on this spot, and during the tourist season they add an outdoor seating area, but for some reason that area is treated as a separate restaurant - they have a different menu, which does include nachos - that's my theory.That outside place is called (by them) La Cave - I think.That way the established restaurant adds a pop up area just for tourists - with a menu aimed at them (us).Anyway, you can't beat the outdoor location during summer tourist season... perfect for a cold brew and listen to the outdoor musicians....My wife and I had smoked salmon salads and they were really good with loads of salmon - they were under 14$ and I suspect part of the "real" restaurant's menu; so lesson here: good salads.Also had a pitcher of a good local Canadian red beer for under 17$ - so that's also reasonable on a tourist area.The outside seating area is on the Jacques-Chartier plaza, which is a great space to watch people and performers... the "real" restaurant kitty-corners the plaza.
4	I was on the terrace section of the restaurant/bar and it's nice to look at. The only thing that really bothered me where the smokers it's disgusting and i honestly couldn't stand. This restaurant obviously does not in force rules which is sad because the service was amazing. Very fast, very efficient!! But the smoking...
4	This is an old school place. The dining room is heavy on the stone and wood paneling. It was really quite attractive especially decorated for the Xmas holidays.Although busy, this restaurant lacks a buzz.  There's nothing cool about it.  The staff was courteous, but,a little jaded. The surprise here was the food. The menu was uninspired, but, the offerings were very well executed and quite tasty. Its a place you might want to take your parents to as it is totally safe. Overall its really 3.5 stars.
4	Excellent french food and fine dining.I went to this place after buying a voucher deal online which offered 3 course meal for two for 60$ which was a great deal otherwise I would have never considered this restaurant.Although it's just at the corner of a busy street in Old Montreal, the exterior looks very dark and it's dead unless you have dinner late in the evening. First impression walking in is that I felt out of place, my boyfriend and I are in our early twenties and the crowd is definitely a mature one.Restaurant has a charming, classic old style feel.We had their ceasar salad which is made to order in front of you, dressing was whisked on the spot, made from scratch, one of the best salads I've ever had.Some of their main courses such as filet mignon and shrimps are also flambee and cooked in front of you. My filet mignon was generously cooked in butter along with the shrimps. Cooking was perfect, very tasty.Desert consisted of lemon tart pie, perfect pairing of tart and sweet.No complains about the food, everything was delicious.But here is the problem, 3 course dinner literally took 3 hours.Staff and diners alike, everyone moves at a very slow pace. Fortunately, we were not in a a rush and we were enjoying the experience.Bonus for their women's washroom, there was a bottle of lotion which I thought was a nice yet rare addition.
4	Pretty good Croque Monsieur and I really liked a salad was the default side instead of chips or fries.  Service was friendly and prompt and the view was fantastic.
3	Stopped for lunch. The croissant egg sandwich was good. The smoked meat sandwich was ok.
2	We had a 7:00 reservation for New Year's Eve. We showed up at 6:50 to locked doors. After the doors were opened, we were lead to a back room where we sat alone, in quiet, for another 30 minutes until another table showed up. We thought we were in some bad movie.The ambiance was nice, but the wait staff and sommelier seemed like they did not want to be there that night. The 5-course set meal was $125 a person, which seemed extravagant, but that's one of the reasons we chose this place for a New Year's Eve dinner. Plus, the location is perfect for celebrating the New Year in Old Montreal. That's where the fun ended.The food was simply "decent." Nothing stood out as amazing and nothing was necessarily bad. The waiters simply brought you every course and said bon apetit. There was no explanation of what we were eating. Sometimes, the waiter would at least tell you what it was you were eating, but another waiter might just set it down in front of you. The second couple that came in after us were locals and they said they had been here before and really enjoyed it. But they felt it was weird too how there was no one else in the restaurant and how it was so quiet.When some other reviewers wrote "Good, but overpriced," that really is the best way to describe this place. Just ok. If we ever come back to Montreal, we will most definitely consider going to another place next time.
