3	Spit your gum out before you enter. Be prepared to get frisked. Bring .50$ for the locker. And forgo all fear and enjoy yourself. Yes, it's swarming with young 'uns on Saturday night, but don't let them whizzing by you, showing you up, discourage you from letting your inner child come out to play. In fact, laugh much, laugh hard and don't be afraid of falling. I fell once, taking my date down with me. Ha! It was the highlight of my skating experience. So funny. I wasn't sure what to expect, but Great Skate is alot of fun. If you aren't pro enough to skate backwards or play the games, just watch. It's fun, too. I recommend this place and roller skating for when you need to break away from reality and just enjoy yourself. I give this place only 3 stars because it's not in the greatest neighborhood (hence security measures) and you have to be ready for a bunch of kids running around and, well, being kids. If you can handle either, then you're golden.
3	It's your classic old school roller rink.  On weekend nights there are a lot of the local 7th and 8th graders.  There can be some characters and it's not in the best location, but still always provides some fun.
4	Last Saturday night I got my skate on....   (Before going out to indulge in more "adult" good times) I had a fucking blast and have decided that next time I go, EVERYONE I know is going with me.  YES, that means YOU!My date picked me up around 9ish and immediately made reference to the size of my "huevos" for wearing a "red rag" into the 623. (Like anyone's going to believe a 32 yr old white girl at a skating rink is a gang banger). He was joking obviously.... called me 2Pac all night...it was cute, whatever.Upon arrival I noticed that indeed, it is pretty street in there. No biggie, I grew up in Tucson where our skate rink was filled with cholos and meth heads. I don't judge, I high five.One thing was annoying... .75cents for a locker, and only half of them worked. The .75 thing didn't bother me, the fact that they weren't marked so you just kept throwing more quarters in there and hoping for the best, did. We strapped on our skates and took off. I haven't been in many years so it took me a few minutes to get comfortable. I can proudly say that I only fell once and it wasn't my fault..... what I can not proudly say is that I ended up on top of a 13yr old boy ...and from the very loud "OWWWUCH" that came out of him I'm pretty sure I punched him in the balls. The look on his face was sheer horror. (I still can't stop laughing about it).  My date was pretty fancy on his feet..... I half expected people to profess undying love to him and call out his name as we left. (one dood kinda did)All in all, one of the most fun filled evenings that I've had in a long time. Kudos Great Skate!!
4	After seeing the PFN Skating event, I knew I just had to go.So I did, pulling along my partner so we can go and appease our inner child. We are super glad we did.  Having been born and raised here in the valley, I was immediately brought back to 7th grade with the smell of sweat, popcorn, and floor wax.  I hadn't been back to Great Skate since then, and truly, it hasn't changed.Sure, colors have changed, but nothing else really. But it works.  After signing the injury waiver (I wonder if they offer this to kids who are clearly underage? I assume so) we wander in and look around to the loud music and all of the tiny little kids.I've always been taller than a lot of people... but I felt super tall that night. hahaSlip on my skates... and then immediately believe that I'm in more trouble than I thought I was.But with the good music, a few windmills of the arms (you know, twirling your arms around to avoid falling), and almost punching out some kid trying to trip me, I got the hang of it quickly.Skating is like riding a bike. :)Great Skate lends to a great time and a relatively cheap entry price, yet the skate rental is EXPENSIVE.  Carmen and I had a blast and we would definitely go back.
4	Any place that will allow me to show up and roller skate while wearing a gold jumpsuit/skirt combo is a place for me. Just don't tell my behind that we are going to go back. It's still sore from all the spills I took trying to be crafty with cross overs last Friday.
5	History. That's what makes this roller rink unlike any other.  From the staff to the locals, this place was hopin' on Friday night.  The rink itself was very clean - looks like they take pride is keeping it that way too!  Choice of "regular" rental skates or roller blades - both of which seem to be maintained.The snack bar attendant was nice and helpful, as well.    Food was what we expected - pizza, pretzels, sodas and Icees.  Kiddos had a great time, which makes me very happy.   Would we go back? Yep - probably will.See you there? Hope so!
2	Not the newest or greatest or cheapest. But if your in the mood for roller skating, it's there.
5	I've been going here since I was 12. I practically grew up here. There was a patch of time where it lost a lot of popularity. But great skate is back now. Filled with people every Friday and Saturday. The best lighting system, the best employees, the funnest environment and DEFINITELY the best sound system in arizona. If you're looking an awesome place to go with the fam or for bday parties, or even with your friends, go to Great Skate. You won't be disappointed.
3	I hate walking in here because it always stinks.  They really need to ventilate this place.  My daughter loves it, always had a great time, whether she is skating or attending Club 54.  Great place for birthday parties, she loved her party.  She also got a butt-load of tokens with the party package.
4	The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because they have these things to help little kids to skate, but you have to pay FIVE dollars for them and you have to watch them closely or else other kids take them.  We left ours at our table and they were gone when we came back.  Most people probably just think they are free, which they should be.  That being said, everything else was great!  I love that they have people all over the skating floor to help the little ones enter and exit easily, they literally stop traffic for them.  My kids had a fantastic time!  Read someone else's about it stinking and was a little worried, I usually pick up on that stuff pretty easy, but I noticed no smell at all.
4	Ok so this place needs a make over, and I would never spend 10 dollars to get in and then another 3 dollars for skates on a Friday or Saturday. However I love Monday discount night where it is 3 dollars to get in and that includes skates. I took a little kid that I work with who had never skated and the people were so nice to help up get him on and off the floor. When he fell, they were amazing and stopped all the people from skating so I could get him off the floor. That was so great. We will be back :-)
4	The last time I went roller skating was probably 1987, at Skaters World in Wayne, NJ.My sister invited me this past Saturday afternoon and I was no disappointed. All that was missing were some acid washed jeans and scrunchy socks to complete my trip back into the 80s.We had a great time! IT was PACKED. There were tons of birthday parties so my only real complaint was the lack of tables and food. They literally were out of hot dogs and pizza for non party skaters (insane, we had nachos. boo).The music was great, the dj was fantastic with getting the kids involved, and the training skate mate rental for the little kids was great.We'll be back :)
5	We had my daughter's 8th birthday here today. What a great experience! We chose to go with the 4:30 to 7 time slot because of the special "cosmic skate" type session. Most of the girls attending had never skated before. When I booked the party I also reserved the skate mates - they are like walkers on wheels to help new skaters. The staff was excellent, especially our party host. I spent the same amount of money I would have at Chuck E Cheese and everyone - including adults - had a way better time. I will be doing this again for years to come!
4	I've been here a few times now, mostly with my daughters.I grew up going skating nearly every weekend, and I had forgotten how enjoyable it was.I will definitely be back, often.
3	Went last night for a semi private event.In my opinion,that's the only time to go.I was happy to see it seems they made some improvements since the last time I went,however the floor is crappy with a few rough patches that need to be worked out.Maybe it's just that I've been spoiled by high end rinks like Roxy,Metropolis,Lloyd's and the Paradise that are all sadly no more (except Lloyd's,but I don't get to Canada as often as I used to).I liked Surfside for their staff and great floor,but they are gone as well.So all I have now is this place that when it's public skate,is overcrowded and full of constantly falling and crawling kids...I have also run into the surly manager someone mentioned in a filtered review which,in combination with everything else,keeps me away until such time as anyone rents the rink privately for an event I can wangle my way in to...
4	I have been going to Great Skate since I was a little girl. It's SO fun going back to this place as an adult! I love the fun music, lights, and games! It's nice that they offer deals a lot on daily deal sites too.I am not a huge fan of the skating 'sessions', but it seems like most skating-type places have these sessions now.
1	Aweful place.  They get the little kids off the rink to allow "advanced skaters" to skate.  I had two kids in tears.  Management is rude, beligerent and disrespectful.  I would never go back there if they paid me to go !  (incidentally, we are from the surprise area and are used to clean and friendly places for our kids entertainment. If you are looking for the ghetto, this is your kind of place)
4	I had a great time at Great Skate, no doubt! They have food, games, music, and roller skating :) my only complaint would be that it was almost terrifying to see so many of the small kids getting practically run over by the older, more experienced skaters. It seems like there could be rules in place to protect the younger, slower skaters...maybe have them on the outer or inner sections so faster skaters aren't weaving in and out around them? All the the staff I came across there were very professional and offered great service.
3	Smells like feet in there!!!  I have not roller staked in 10 years so my body forgot and I fell.  OUCH!!!  We went with a B1G1 coupon.  The place is run down.  And bathrooms are a little gross.  The music was good and the staff was nice.
3	Went on a Saturday night. Should have waited for a less crowded day to go. Pretty much just skated around because I was scared I would knock into someone, which got boring fast.Pros: Pretty good mix of music. Good food, enough space for people to sit down, clean for having so many youngins' rolling around. Great security. They had activities for people to participate in every hour/half hour.Pros: If you get roller blades prepare for you feet to be hurting. If you want a more adult experience I wouldn't recommend it at least not at night.
1	Maybe it's the broken wrist doing the reviewing but this place has way too many unattended children to be deemed safe.
5	This place really needs to have 5 stars, why doesn't it??? what an amazing value!!! Saturday, Aug 24 my son had his 7th birthday at 10am - 12:30 session. They even threw in a free lesson at 9am before his party which helped tremendously. The package I ordered (which was basic & very affordable more may be included with other packages that cost more I don't know). Included pizza, drinks, tokens, wheel of fortune spin, personalized song dedication by DJ with all kids getting a trip to the soundbooth, plenty of announcements over the loudspeakers for his birthday, when they were eating cake, etc. Our server Vince informed us that he was 'newer'. However, I never would've known. He was extremely well spoken, professional, informed me at every chance of what was going on & what the timeline was of the party, any needs I had & did I have any questions. We have had parties at the park, at Peter Piper's, etc. I will never do that again. We will have our parties here, unless we are out of state, which happens sometimes. The manager Rodney was so patient, helpful & organized. When one of the children fell, we were met immediately with a skate referee to help us off the rink & asked if we needed first aid or ice. I am seriously blown away by the affordability of this place with all the extras included, the great music, the instructors & the cleanliness of the facility. I really hope it stays this way, sometimes places like this slowly decline in quality so I am reaching out to the Manager Rodney in this post - make sure to maintain your consistency, customer service & quality & you have a loyal family here! All the parents who attended told me this was the best party their child had been to & they all had a blast, adults included.
4	Going to the roller skating rink is old fashioned, good clean fun. We've been here for school events and birthday parties and always had a great time. Even when they messed up and took forever to deliver the pizza at my 7-year-olds birthday they made up for by giving us free passes and tokens to use on our return.If you've got kids, or just want to feel like one again, and especially when its too hot to go outside, head on over to Great Skate and get your workout in while having a great time!
2	Went on a Friday at noon. Waited in line for 20 minutes to get in. Waited 10 minutes for skates. Waited in line 45 minutes to get a soda at snack bar. Super inefficient place. Dirty, bad area. Really disappointed that the 150+ kids had to sit out for 20 minutes while the 12 weird, creepy adults who are apparently super into skating,  got to skate adults only. Come on, what adults come here in the day to skate?!? Get a job, people!!! So, 150 kids crammed all around our table, falling, hitting each other with their walkers, knocking everything off our table, including the soda i waited 45 minutes for, waiting to go back and skate. So ridiculous! Let the kids skate.  The only reason I gave it two stars was because my daughter was so excited that she got to try out the new skates Santa left her. Won't be going back.
5	We love going to Great Skate. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. The Dj took a song request and played our song.It was a little busy with quite a few kids, but everyone was having fun. The light show was super cool and we all got some glow to make it even more festive. My son wants to have his BIRTHDAY PARTY here after seeing others having so much fun.
1	Horrible experience.  I called ahead to make sure they were open and to double check their business hours(literally an hr or two before I jumped in my car to head their way). I drove all the way there to find out they were closing early because there were not enough people, long story short, an hr round trip drive for 30 min of skating.   They gave me a free pass to come back, ok, that's reasonable.  So I drive all the way here again and they aren't accepting the free pass tonight DAH!!  No luck with great skate, not so much their fault that I live far away but generally one is given a free pass to make up for something or because you didn't make such a good impression .  .  .  ?   Might be a good idea to honor it.
3	I booked a birthday party and pre-paid $50 deposit. Later I purchased a Groupon $75 birthday party package deal and was told there wouldn't be a problem and that the $50 would cover any additional items above the party deal & that I would get a refund for the difference that I don't use. I usually don't ever have any problems using Groupon but this time I saw & purchased the deal thru Facebook and not my usual email so when I arrived at the party the hostess came to ask me for the Groupon.. Because of it being thru Facebook it wasn't in my usual Groupon email account and it took me over 1 hour to desperately look for it! The hostess kept making concerned faces and kept coming back to check up on me & see if I found it. This process took me away from the party and put me in panic mode for 1 hour out of the 2 & 1/2 hours of the alloted party time!!   All my guests kept asking "Is everything ok? Are you ok? Do you need any money?"  I felt so embarassed.. Finally at the end of the hour of searching I gave up & went to speak with a Manager to explain that I couldn't find the Groupon & he simply & quickly said  "no problem" he would find it on his end!  I was so pissed off cause ALL THAT TIME spend stressing & away from the party for nothing, when the hostess could've told me from early on, not to worry about it!!  But whatever, I wrote that off to inexperience on her part and also "my bad"  from not being prepared as I normally would have..  Then at the end of the party when the hostess came to me and said "Here is your ending balance, you owe $15 (or something like that) for the extra pizza you ordered"   I asked her about the $50 deposit and she said she hadn't seen that I had made a $50 deposit but she would check.. she left and came back and told me "You're right, I found the $50 so you're good, you don't owe anything, you're all paid up, thank you." and left??? So that means she tipped herself a $30+ tip?  I was too frustrated at the end and also I had already planned to leave a tip anyways, so I just left it as it was & let her keep her well deserved tip (rolling eyes)I would have given zero stars because of the experience I had but I gave 3 stars because if I had not gone thru all that.. everything else was good. Happy with the party cause the kids had fun, didn't have to cook & clean up as usual... BUT!!! also keep this in mind if you are planning for your kids to actually have "fun" at the party.. because of this hour that I lost and also the kids still skating and having fun, we wanted to stay longer.. 15 min before our time was up we were told we had a choice to leave or stay.. but if we stayed we had to move our party to a regular table that was not part of the "party area" because they needed the table for an upcoming party.  So we had to gather everyone's belongings and headed out- fingers crossed- that we would find an available table.. The place was pretty filled up and we BARELY found a table.  It took us walking up and down the place a couple of times to find a spot!  Keep this in mind if you do book a party here. You might want to pick the latest party slot so that you are the latest party in the table & ask if you can still linger & keep your table longer? Or just be mentally prepared to have to move everything over & have someone "stake out" available tables throught the party cause you could very well end up holding all your belongings and standing around without a place to sit on if you don't plan ahead.
4	So, I took my BFF skating yesterday for an early birthday outing. We were both pretty nervous as it's been since my senior year in HS and for her since middle school.I felt like a newborn calf for about 10 min, and then before I knew it, was speeding around like nobody's biz-naz! Forgot how fun skating is! So, I fell once. Concrete doesn't feel good on your tailbone. Plus fell on my wrist as I didn't want to re-injur my ACL injury to R knee. Whew! My pride was crushed more than anything... ;)Yes, there were a ba-jillion kiddie bday parties, but if you can maneuver thru the sea of little ppl and parents being their crutch, it's also fun for adults.Music was so-so. I didn't like the 3 seconds of total blackness either - that's a little dangerous! Didn't try the food from the snack bar. Just didn't sound appealing.It also smelled like a dirty foot crossed w/a stale bag of salty popcorn.
1	Very disappointed. Bought a groupon. Checked the Great Skate website, yelp website, and called and all avenues said that they were open. Drove 30 min and they were closed.
3	Prices are kind of high for the sessions, and they nickel and dime you for extras. The kids love going, but $50 just to walk through the front door with three kids is a bit steep.Adults should skate free with kids' admission, especially since we just spend most of our skate time propping our kids up so they don't fall or get run over.
5	This is the best place to have your birthday party had my  daughters 10 yr Olds party here the  party host alyssa  was amazing took care of everything from the moment we walked in until we were ready to leave the best decision my wife and I made   give that hostess a raise
