5	I'm a big fan of Subway because it's cheap, fresh and relatively healthy.  I frequent this particular location for breakfast on my way to work.  The egg white omlet breakfast sandwiches help me avoid doughnuts at the office.  Two great things about this spot: (1) This location has a drive thru so my lazy, half-asleep self doesn't have to get out of my car in the morning and (2) the guy in the drive thru might be the nicest guy on the planet.  He has the voice of Barry White and he is always super excited to be there.  Even at 7 a.m.!
4	This is one of my favorite lunch spots while I'm at work. Even though I work downtown, I make the drive up Charleston to eat here when I'm craving a sub. Even though it's super tiny and looks like a shack from the outside, it is probably the best location I've been to in town because of the efficiency of the staff. There are usually only 2 people working during lunch and still they are able to serve a small line of customers, man a drive thru window and still get orders out quickly. Most people take their orders to go since there are only 4 or 5 seats at a counter, so I'm usually the only one eating in the restaurant. The manager here is really nice and always seems happy to be there even though he's at work! The only downside is the parking...since this is such a small location, there are only about 3 spots in front. If those are full, you have to park in a nearby shopping center and walk over.
1	The footlongs look shorter than normal and they only put 4 pieces of turkey on the whole footlong. Then the girl actually tired to put only two slices of pickes! By the time she was done none of the veggies even spaned across the bread even after I asked for extra veggies.It was the saddest, thinest, most anorexic looking footlong I have ever seen... Not to mention that the sandwich had a strange salty/sour taste even though I ordered it exactly as I always do.Worst subway ever.
2	Worst service, no room to stand in line, and crappiest sandwich I've had in a while. For starters, the drive thru means there's only 4 parking spots for this tiny place. And once you make it inside, there's really only room for about four people to be in the building at one time- there are chairs and counters along the perimeter of the dining area for those who want to dine in, but there really isn't a way for people standing in line to NOT constantly bump into the seated diners. Bad floor plan.Service was crappy and borderline nonexistent- I was asked what I wanted, and if I wanted it toasted, and if I wanted veggies, and then told my total. Employee was female and young and rude. After paying for my order, she handed me my receipt and walked off- no thank you or good bye, and she didn't even hand me my sandwich, which was practically behind the register. Awkward.Add to this that there are several signs up promoting their jalapeno cheese bread, and they were out of it when I went in-- at noon on a Sunday. On top of that, when I finally ate my sandwich, there was hardly any meat on it and it was clumped in the middle with bites of bread and veggies at either end- of a six inch. Tried the chicken enchilada sandwich and it was underwhelming. I'm confident that I had around seven Fritos in the entire sandwich, and I am not sure whether she forgot to include sauce on my sandwich or chose not to put it on- because it was really dry.
1	very horrible they didnt twll me they were only taking cash until after i had ordered ehat i wanted if that was the casw why did you have me wait in line for that long and not twll me till i was at the register
2	Pretty crappy service, the employees are rude. One uses the same gloves all the time. They always tell you AFTER you order and finish and get to the register that their credit card machine doesnt work. Then they dont apologize about it. Horrible place to go dont waste your time or money just find a different one to go too. I've been coming here for years (its close to school) and ive never had good service
1	I really do like subway sandwiches especially when the service is really good.  I went to in order the $2 Customer Appreciation sandwiches actually ordered 5 my order was 4 meatball sandwiches on two of them cut the meatballs in half because they were for children and then the other three sandwiches were just regular.  The girl seemed to know what she was doing.  She is my order gave me the amount that I owe which is fine, until I said thank you and started to explain to her that this other subway on rainbow didn't have many balls do you know she closed the window in my face????!!!!  Totally RUDE!  Here's her hostess id 688-191-1394065, her name is Linda!  In case you read this I am sending the same review to corporate!
1	The wait was ridiculous inside and outside. Keep in mind there was only one customer inside the Subway and one customer at the drive thru window. The sandwiches were barely filled with any toppings. I waited 35 minutes until I was even greeted. Normally I wouldn't wait that long because 35 minutes just to be greeted is ridiculous. Shortly after the worker said "I'll be right with you" another 15 minutes passed. If I could give less than 1 star I would. Worst Subway experience ever. I will not be returning.
