1	I write what I see and I feel.  If there is anything someone see it differently, please help me out and I apologize for anything I don't know.I needed to replace my AC and heat unit in Jan 2009.  It cost at least $5,000 to replace the unit and I was looking for advices from my neighbor who brought me a flier as it said it could help financing. They came very quick and told me that Piedmong Gas could help financing if I had never owe them money.  I had Piedmong helped for the financing which was a great help.One Hour Air Condiitoning installed the unit very quick but said the wiring was not included.  I could not remember what other problem the technician brought up.  Later, I even had to sign up their annual routine check up otherwise, the unit would not be under warranty.  It cost over $150 for annual cleaning.  If I have not, sounded like the unit will break anytime and I had to pay again.  If I was correct, they didn't show up the first year.  The next year I paid a few hundred dollars for whatever sounded it was necessary.  Work by each individual differed.  One cleaned up very well, while another didn't seem to be too detail and left all the leaves inside the unit and closed it.One thing I did like about is if they saw something not right (as I had no knowledge if they was true, perhaps they saw I am a woman) they would tell me and how dangerous it might risk my life.  What attracted my attention and pinched my neves was then I have to pay another few hundreds dollars for "exra" service on top of those annual fee.  They called that club fees...Come on 'money doesn't grow on trees MEN'.  What happened today, I need to clean the ducts that would cost me $477 (he said it takes 7 hours to clean ducts) after discounts then another $700 for installing a antibateria light (life time warranty).  I was asked to pay by credit card up front as company policy.  Wondering how their employees are paid, by commission or wages?  Are they salesmen?  Service people take tips?I didn't like to write all these stuff.  But I have no where to ask.  I walked to my neighbour and went on Yelp to see how others' experience.  I decided I need to change my mind to do a little more research.I felt sorry to express myself as I had too much stress in everytime they come I worried.Just like when I had auto mechanic business with my husband and I saw how mechanic screwed up women.
5	I called 2 companies, The first company came out with a "pricing on the fly" model. They pushed purchasing a new unit and gave me a quote of about 1200 dollars and said they didn't have all the parts and that it may be worse if they find other problems. I paid the 79 dollar diagnostic and called One Hour. The guy showed up on time and had all of the parts. His price was about $400 less and they had all the pricing preprinted and defined. Here is why I gave them 5 stars. The tech accidentally fried my thermostat. We didn't notice till later when we figured out the unit wasn't shutting off. They sent someone out the next day and made it right. That is a critical piece. When something unexpected goes wrong (as it does from time to time), a good company will make it right. These guys made it right.
5	When our business became too big for our building, we found one many times the size that comfortably fit our needs.  Understanding climate control in such a huge space was very unfamiliar to us, especially when we figured out we were without heat in freezing temperatures.  We just Googled our problem and up popped One Hour Air Conditioning and Heating.  They sent a guy named Jon P. out after normal business hours and he gave us the advice we needed. He was kind, professional and very very knowledgeable.  I want to add a few other positive adjectives in there, but 'super helpful and caring' said it all when he came back on his day off to check on us.  Jon rocks and so does One Hour!
