2	Unless you're in the mood for flat and floppy discs of grease (aka Pamela's famous crepes), don't go here to satisfy your pancake craving. (They don't make traditional pancakes anymore).In the past few years they ditched whatever hint of authenticity they still possessed and redecorated.  From comfy and gritty city diner to garish comic-book/Andy Warhol-esque ugliness.  Music greats like Janis Joplin are painted on the wall and I guess we are supposed to think they, too, like to eat greasy Pamela's on a Sunday morning?Pamela's is overrated. For good breakfast go to Deluca's in the Strip.
2	I couldn't agree with Courtney P. more. Instead or ordering an Omelet here ask for a stick of butter. It will taste the same!If you do decide to go I would only indulge in crepes. The Oakland location is overrun with Pitt freshman....for a better Pamela's experience hit up the one in Shadyside. And on Sunday get there before 11 or you will never be seated!
2	I don't love Pamela's and almost never went there when I lived in the 'Burgh. But at least, in the summer, there wasn't a long, annoying wait for the mediocre omelets and greasy crepes at this particular location. I have not visited since the remodel, which sounds atrocious. I kind of like Pamela's potatoes, which are "lyonnaise" and taste like a decent hot German potato salad.
5	Pamela'sIt's very rare that I eat breakfast out, the reason being is that most breakfasts served in restaurants are so basic or banal that they aren't worth paying for. The ones who have special items charge ridiculously high prices and having been in this industry for over 30 years I get repulsed at paying such exorbitant amounts for food that has such a infinitesimally low food cost.With that being said I can honestly say that Pamela's is a breakfast restaurant that I would frequent often if I lived in Pittsburgh. Their service was fast, no that's wrong it was faster then fast, drinks order, drinks, food order, and bam food on the table. We were never rushed but the speed was phenomenal. Also a special shout out to our server, a professional waitress, probably been working tables for 40 years and it showed - in a great way.Super friendly, offered spot-on suggestions, and just made for a great pleasant start of a day. Thank you so much for being you.On to the food, we had the Chorizo omelet, filled with chorizo, sour cream, cheese and avocado, mildly spicy but good, the Lyonnais potatoes were not mushy or greasy and had some nice caramelized corners to them making them something I would serve at our house. Two slices of toast accompanied this feast and it filled me up.We also tried the banana chocolate pancake, which is more of a crepe style pancake stuffed with bananas and chocolate chips of course a dollop of whipped cream on top. Again a very filling dish, but oh so good.Pamela's is really a fancy diner - there menu is not extensive, but what we had was good and the value was there. Overall damage for two plus drinks under $20 with tip. Wow a typical diner experience in Spokane  would have set us back at least $ 25 and the food would have been mediocre and the service average.5 Stars because it's been one of the best diner experiences and best values I have had for breakfast in a long time.
4	Tasty diner food and great service in a bright, overly kitschy locale. Our waitress was all kinds of awesome.  She was super quick, our coffees never seemed to get low, and she brought out our food on extra plates (even though we did ask about it) to make sharing our meals easier. My husband and I came in on a Sunday at about 11:45 and were promptly seated.  We ordered the spinach and feta omelet with lyonnaise potatoes and the strawberry hot cakes.  Both were delicious and just thinking about the hot cakes makes my mouth water.  The potatoes were quite good too, slice up and fried with onions and lots of butter. My only complaint about this place is how cold it gets if you are sitting within view of the door.  Pamela's is cash only, and for whatever reason on Sundays, does not serve their lunch menu.
3	A friend treated my husband and I to breakfast here a couple Saturdays ago. We were seated right away. I tried the special, which was croissant french toast with pecans and caramel sauce. Pretty unique dish, rich and yummy. My side of bacon was a bit floppy, which was a turn-off for me. The waitress was young and maybe a bit over-attentive -- she frequently interrupted our conversations to ask if everything was okay, which is a pet peeve of mine. Other than that the other servers were mostly pretty young college kids, a bit apathetic and talkative, but I can let it slide.We'll definitely give this place another go in a few weeks!Beware: CASH ONLY!
5	wow, i have no idea why the reviews aren't that great for pamelas. i LOVE this place and always come here when i visit pittsburgh. i love the banana/chocolate hotcakes (kind of oily though but watever, it is crunchy goodness and requires that amount of oil). i also really like their lyonnaise potatoes (though the last time i went they were a little softer than usual.anyway, their corned beef hash is also to die for. yumyumyum. it just sucks that they're cash only (evading taxes, hrm?) but i don't care. their early-bird specials aren't that great though so don't bother trying to go for that
4	We came here for breakfast that was just down the street for the hotel we were staying at. There were 8 of us, so the wait was about 20 minutes, but not bad considered how busy the place was.We were asked several times about drinks, so the wait staff has that locked up, and we were left wondering if that's where they make their money like the bars, idk. I did like the large orange juice that was served in a good size cup. The waitress who took our order also brought us a pitcher of water without us having to ask, which was much appreciated.I ordered the breakfast special that came with their signature crepe hot cakes. Bacon was good, scramble eggs were good, and hot cakes were good. Nothing really special, but a solid breakfast.They are cash only, but that doesn't seem to be an issue considering how crowded it was, and also being mainly a breakfast/brunch establishment understandable since it probably won't run you more than $10-15 per person.
1	Cash only?!Pamela's is a classic diner style restaurant. The food is decent and the staff is mostly friendly.They get one star b/c they only take cash, making this a great place to meet a friend, if that friend is visiting from 1981. Seriously... who carries cash anymore?There should be a big sign on the door "cash only", but instead, they get you in and tell you after your meal. After you have a moment of embarrassment, they direct you to a nearby ATM. So your omelet and coffee now cost $8 + $3 ATM fee + $1.50 fee from your bank.Maybe the owners don't understand or trust financial institutions enough to get a credit/merchant account. (If so, perhaps they also keep the profits in the freezer instead of a bank account.)Or maybe the owners are too cheap to pay the $20/mo service fee + 3% transaction fee. I asked the cashier about this, and she said if they took credit/debit, they'd have to raise their prices.Please, raise the price of my breakfast by 3%... heck I'll even give you 10%. I'd gladly pay $8.80 instead of $8 for my omelet and coffee for the convenience - your prices are low anyway.Pamela's staff: This policy is hurting you in 2 ways: 1)  Your are getting lower tips than you would if people paid by credit/debit - customers are more generous when paying with plastic.2) Cash-only businesses are much more likely targets for robbery and armed robbery.
5	A Pittsburgh classic for breakfast...remember to bring cash, and if it's your first time, make sure to order the strawberry hotcakes (or at least one of the stuffed hotcakes).
3	I am not a pancake fan, but I AM a crepe fan...and if you like crepes too, you will LOVE Pamela's hotcakes. They are a little bit thicker than a traditional crepe, but they have those wonderfully crunchy, carmelized edges that take a crepe to the next level of awesome. The strawberry ones with sour cream and brown sugar are insane and quite possibly addictive. I want to try the banana ones sometime too, but I just love the strawberry ones too much!Everything else I've had here was kinda gross...especially the bacon. Maybe the worst bacon I've ever had. Like, even worse than the bacon at Eat 'n Park. And the paper menus with grease stains all over them from previous diners are completely repulsive. But no matter...hotcakes!!! that's all you need to know.Cash only, duh. I feel like we all know this by now.
4	Visiting pitt to see my one and only's brother graduate, we weren't invited to the honors ceremony. Thankfully, it was morning so I could try some breakfast foods (my favorite kind of foodz). Got there early so there was no wait. Sat down, looked at the small menu and decided on the strawberry crepe pancakes, a side of potatoes and bacon. When I eat breakfast, I do it right, ya'll. Food came out quick and was delicious, although the cafeteria style bacon was not my fav. But-the potatoes. OH THE POTATOES. get them. Do yourself a favor. The pancakes were thin but the strawberries, brown sugar and whipped cream complimented them so nicely, i didn't even need syrup.Cash only, but errbody already said that.
4	You're not gonna find a much better breakfast in this city ... or anywhere really. Breakfast is breakfast, but they do it right and its delicious every time.Get the lyonnaise potatoes with your meal. They're delicious. My personal favorite is the Tex Mex omelette. Guacamole at breakfast time never fails.The boardgames on the walls are cute too. :)
4	The reviews are true:  this is a great breakfast place -- definitely the best restaurant we visited while in Pittsburgh.The restaurant itself is festive, with old game boards lining the walls.  There was a huge line, but they moved people through very quickly.  Not sure how, since the servers did not rush anyone.The menu is pretty typical breakfast fare, but it's really well-prepared, and the servings are quite generous at the price.  One thing puzzled me:  the toast is served very dry, with no butter, no jelly.
5	Best place for breakfast in this "oakland" area. the "pancakes" are awesome. the decor is wonderful. we were in pittsburgh 4 days and ended up here for breakfast 3 times. i usually try to spread the food variety around, but it was that good - or maybe a lack of breakfast diners in walking distance. i didnt realize it was a chain until our last visit, but i think this location is somehow different than the rest?i cant stand yelpers who give 1 star for reasons like "cash only"....
5	I was in Pittsburgh for 4 days and I ate here two of those days.  The hot cakes are what brought me back.  The first time, I got the strawberry ones.  Fresh, cold strawberries smothered with brown sugar and freshly made whipped cream wrapped in a buttery, fluffy, and slightly salty hot cake.  So. Freaking. Good.Round 2: Fresh bananas smothered in chocolate and wrapped in a buttery, fluffy, and slightly salty hot cake.  So. Freaking. Good.It was a bit hectic going in the morning -- they have an early bird special which has really good deals until like 8am or something.  But the second time I went, I went at around 2pm and it was super empty.  The service at 2pm was good though -- super friendly people.  Highly recommended!
4	Went to Pitt for Family weekend recently and actually ate at Pamela's twice in the weekend.  First was lunch.  The girls had breakfast food, I went with the burger.  Gotta say, burger was diner good.  Great taste, fresh bun, done just right.  Loved it.  The girls omelets were also very good.  Next day we went for breakfast before leaving for home.  Couple of us had the strawberry crepes.  Simply put...awesome!  Shared sides of the potatoes.  As my daughter says, they were bangin!  It was truly diner food with a fun, whimsical atmosphere.  Service was fast and friendly.  Would prefer the use of credit cards.  Overall enjoyed the place, we'll be back
4	It's true.  The pancakes here are incredible, and like no pancakes I've had before.  I was a little skeptical when I saw the "crepe" pancakes on the full menu, so went for the regular hotcakes on the breakfast special menu for only what, like $4? They are just as incredible as all the other reviews have described!  They are soft and moist on the inside yet crispy on the outside ends. So good! I did not have a problem cleaning my plate and they did not even need any syrup. My husband got the banana choc chip which was a lot rich for my taste, so was glad I went with the regulars. Beyond beyond impressed.
3	A hotcake is basically a pancake with slightly crispy edges.  Between the three of us, we tried the strawberry hotcake, the banana walnut hotcake, and a plain hotcake.  They were decent but not fantastic -a tad too much of that fried feeling.  Of the three, the strawberry was the best because the tartness of the strawberry and sweetness of the brown sugar blended well.  The banana hotcake and the plain one were sort of bland (pancake syrup did the trick, though).The "morning after" breakfast special is a hotcake with eggs and meat (bacon, sausage, or ham) for $6.95 (+$2 to upgrade to the strawberry or banana one).  I asked for my eggs over medium and they were definitely over easy.  Again, the food was still decent - but I could tell that Pamela's was not famous for their sausage and eggs.I guess Cleveland wins over Pittsburgh in brunch.
4	Great service, the most authentic corned beef and hash. The lyoneese potatoes are fantastic!
2	OK, let's get one thing straight first.  You're not allowed to call yourself a "diner" if you close at 3 or 4 in the afternoon.  You're barely a low-end cafe.  If I can't get breakfast for dinner, you don't belong anywhere NEAR the diner category--and at Pamela's, you can't get ANYTHING for dinner, because they're not even open.  So change the name.Now onto the food.  When I first moved to Pittsburgh, I couldn't wait to try this place.  I love brunch, and the rave reviews had me salivating.  And my first trip was pretty good!  The stuffed crepes are really tasty.  The line on weekends is out of control, but I thought it was understandable if my first dish was representative of their offerings.  Spoiler Alert: It was not.Every subsequent visit has been a massive disappointment.  The salads are mediocre; the sandwiches are nothing special; the sides are middling at best; and their "chorizo" tastes like a frozen school cafeteria sausage patty pan-fried with a pack of Ortega taco spices.That people will wait even a few minutes for anything but the stuffed crepes is a mind-boggling mystery, and the hours people spend lingering outside these doors say more about the sad state of local brunch offerings than anything about the cuisine inside.They do one thing well, and it's the only reason for the second star on this rating.  So if you're in the mood for stuffed crepes and the line isn't long, by all means, hit up Pamela's.  I won't be coming back until they change the menu, the name, and/or the hours.
5	I love this place, that's all there is to it!I get breakfast at Pamela's at least twice a week, same thing each time: the Tex-Mex omelet is fantastic and so are the potatoes. The price is just what you'd expect a diner to be, which fits my college budget just right. The staff are very attentive and I've never had wait longer than 10 minutes for my food. The coffee is good and the atmosphere is fine; they play a lot of classic rock and oldies, which much better than any of the new music being played at other restaurants around the Pitt campus. Lunch is good, too. Pamela's a good selection of salads and sandwiches. The chicken salad comes in a big bowl with fries, and it's very good. Now I'm not a pancake person, so I can't vouch for any of the hotcakes or crepes or whatnot, but all of the other breakfast and lunch food is good and homemade. In short, Pamela's is a good, family-owned restaurant that has excellent food and service for a reasonable price.
4	Delicious, greasy breakfast food.  Mediocre to good service, depending on the day, time, and server.  Large portions.
3	3.5 stars, really. When we were in college, Pamela's was THE brunch place of choice, and I doubt much has changed if you're a Carnegie Mellon or Pitt student. But now that I've been out in the adult world, I have to admit that Pamela's is more about the nostalgia than the food for me.To be clear, their crepes, omelettes, and Lyonnaise potatoes are fantastic. Greasy, but delicious. Everything else is fine, but nothing to write home about.Pamela's is a Pittsburgh tradition, though, and I do think that counts for something. Don't knock it till you try it, and definitely try it once or twice. Be prepared to wait if you're going at a peak time (like brunch on a weekend) but other than that, I would say I've always had good service.Tip: they do not accept credit cards, so be sure you have cash. Also, parking can be tough, so give yourself time to look around the side streets for a spot.
4	Food is absolutely amazing. "Pancakes" are more like crepes and are the size of a plate! Potatoes that come with breakfast are also awesome. Worst part is that the wait is always insane (probably because the food is awesome)...and also, they don't take credit cards, which kind of stinks. However, the service is generally pretty good, and once you've placed your order, they are pretty quick to bring it out. Waiting to be seated is the hardest part. They're usually packed between 10-2 on weekends, but if you go at that time on a weekday, you'll have no problem being seated. Remember that they're only open for breakfast and lunch!
5	Service was incredible. I ordered the hotcakes with strawberries that they're known for, and a side of the lyonnaise potatoes to try them. Those potatoes are delicious. The hotcakes are very good as well. Give them a try!
5	The hot cakes alone get this place five stars. Beware the long waits of curious parents during the busy move-in/out weekends.
4	Wow what a great little spot. Crepes were ridiculously good. Omelette was great too.  I think I finished two other peoples plates, ha.Only downside: no credit cards, cash only!
4	I come for the pancakes, I leave having to loosen my belt a few notches.  If you like pancakes, you must try Pamela's crepe pancakes--they're amazing.The potatoes are OK, but the eggs and breakfast meats aren't anything special.  The cash only policy is inconvenient, but managable.
4	I read a review about the guy complaining about cash. You shouldn't base your review on that one thing. I've been eating at Pamela's since before freshman year and it feels like home every time I go back. This place is quintessentially Pittsburgh and has the coolest decorations you'll see yet. The food is  good but definitely not great. The staff is friendly as well. One suggestion: get here early on the weekends it can get packed.
4	Great food but I wouldn't wait in the long lines of students and their parents during visiting weekends. The crepe style pancakes are definitely the best (but make sure you split an order... one pancake each or you'll die of a heart-attack or overly stuffed stomach). The "Morning After" is the best deal... standard breakfast combo, two pancakes, two eggs, and your choice of a meat. If you have a normal appetite and a normal-sized stomach... SPLIT one or two between two or three people. Unless you like left over breakfast.
4	Pamela's was, alongside Primanti's, the place everyone said I must try when I moved here. And this one really delivers.The food is very reasonably priced, and has a unique selection. Virtually everything can come with their delicious, buttery crepe pancakes, which are thin and amazing, or their lyonaise potatoes, which are outstanding, especially if you are a potato lover like myself. There are a lot of other good choices, like the Tex Mex omelet or the Croissant French Toast, and as I said above the prices are pretty good. The layout is odd and there is a lot of kitschy board games and such on the wall that kind of make it fun and different.There are a few drawbacks. Their hours are short, and I've not found the help to be especially attentive. Not bad, mind you, just not especially attentive. Also, they only take cash, which is a pain when you don't typically carry cash.This place is good enough that it is usually the first stop when we have visitors from out of town.
4	We stopped for brunch before a Pitt basketball game on a Saturday morning. When we decided to eat here i knew i had to try the hot cakes i had heard so much about. We both ordered the "Morning After Special". 2 eggs, 2 hot cakes and sausage links. The hot cakes were so unlike any I had ever had. Thin, crispy edges and they lived up to the hype! I really enjoyed them! Fun decor with quick, friendly service at a very reasonable price.FYI... CASH sales only!!
3	Coffee sucks! Great service and the pancakes are light and laced, I had it Strawberrys, whipped cream and chunks of brown sugar. Total decadence. Word on the street was that Obama flew the chef to the White House for pancakes, I have no idea if that is true, but it is very believable. But at the end of the day our waitress said the staff agreed about how bad the coffee was.
5	One man's trash is another man's treasure and sometimes one man's 3 star review is another girls 5 star! I wanted French toast and I wanted it bad and no frozen French toast sticks would not suffice. At 11:00am on a Wednesday this diner was poppin' to say the very least.I had French toast with powered sugar only, corn beef hash and chorizo patties. I was so pleased with myself for getting the chorizo patties they were spicy and a great kick start to the day.   My corn beef hash was barely on the table for 2 minutes before it was devoured. Call me a pig , but one thing that Pamela's in Oakland has over the Strip district local hot co-ed waitresses!!!  Great greasy food, fast service and cheerful environment.
4	Nom nom nom. Food here is seriously good, but ... and I hesitate to say this, but they just give you way too much :( It took me 4 more meals over 2 days to finish my potatoes and pancakes. I feel bad not eating food that tastes this good, but I can only eat pancakes for so many meals...
3	a decent place for breakfast. More along the lines of a greasy spoon ; but cleaner with better than typical service.
3	As far as diners go I'm not that impressed.The pancakes are unique but nothing else is worth trying in my opinion. I gave this place a few tries and while I know it isn't supposed to blow my socks off, I would say that the prices are a bit high for what they're serving. The service there is nice and pretty fast. That's all I got.
3	I usually go here for brunch and their portion definitely soothes the craving. The food is good, but nothing to be bouncing off the walls about. It's just your ordinary all-American breakfast. The service is fast. Good place to meet up with your friends and chit chat over coffee/tea and food. Pamela's definitely known for their hotcakes...warm and crispy. Give them a try and judge for yourself! And don't forget...CASH ONLY!
5	Wow,Took my family to Pamela's the day we dropped my son at Pitt for his freshman year. He said he wasn't hungry but ended up finishing the Morning After special. I can't really criticize though, because so did I. Every item was perfect. Eggs over were cooked properly and the home fried potatoes were spot on. Surprisingly the pancakes were still delicious even though I saved them for last and was pretty full already.Best breakfast out that I have had in some time. I will definitely be back.I read a number of reviews and truly don't get all the three's. By the way, service was friendly and attentive even during the morning rush. I love that they only accept cash or the school's panther money.
3	I went here last Sunday for the first time after hearing great things.  It was Pitt's move-in weekend and the place was packed.  They told us we would be seated quickly and we only waited about 5 minutes so I was happy with that.  The staff was very friendlyI tried the hotcakes and really enjoyed them.  I kind of thought they looked like crepes though.  Anyway, they were still good.  When I first looked at the menu I thought it seemed a little over priced but after filling me up I thought it was reasonable.  My biggest complaint is the coffee.  It sucked.  I know many people that come here don't drink coffee, but to me it's a pretty vital part of breakfast.Overall, I was satisfied but I would like to try one of their other locations.
3	This location is the diner staple of Oakland. Its extensive breakfast menu makes it a popular destination for many students (and their visitors); so much so, that there is usually a line out the door on weekends. Pamela's has limited hours, but if you can get there during off-peak hours, then you're in for a pleasant meal.
4	I intended on going to the Pamela's on Walnut Street in Shadyside, but this location was much more convenient for me since I even was able to walk here from where I was.It was just as awesome as I remembered Pamela's to be...even in a different location. I used to love the hotcakes, but this time I passed on them and went for one of the early bird special (before 11am)...eggs, toast, potatoes. I normally leave the potatoes on my plate since i am not a big fan of them, but for some reason I gave them a "try". Oh my gosh, they are so addicting! I finished them all up. I meant to ask them what "lyonnaise" potatoes were...but whatever they are, they are now my new reason to go back to Pamela's in the future!Service was decent and I can't wait to go back for my lyonnaise potatoe fix! One thing to note, though, is they only take cash.
5	A wait for sun brunch but so worth it. Service is so nice. Get the corned beef hash and ANY of the hot cake combos:) HUNGER GAMES!
5	This place is a diner in Oakland with standard American fare.  It's not fine dining.  The prices are right and the service is fabulous.  This place is an an institution in Oakland, having been here decades.  It had been remodeled since I was here in 2001, so it is cleaner and snazzier than it was before.  If you want a non-mcdonalds breakfast, and you are in Oakland, this is the place!  Enjoy!
3	The line is always long on Saturdays and Sundays from 10-12. So expect to wait just a little while if you want to go on those days.I would say that the food is okay, although I have had better. The service is so quick, which is really nice when I am hungry in the morning.I should order something that they are known for in order to give them a better rating.
4	Everything was great except the coffee. I had the hash, which varies in quality across places and I thought there's was pretty good. My fiance had a pretty convincing spinach and egg white omelet. Service was great. Cash only is lame though.  Coffeewise, they don't have half and half or light cream. Just milk and a liquid non-dairy creamer. Eww. Good food overall.
3	I chose to review this Pamela's as well (along with the restaurants in Shadyside and the Strip District) because I definitely notice a trend in all of them. Although the reviews will all read the same, I think it's important to note and review chain restaurants in different locations.  Factors that can potentially be vastly different from neighborhood to neighborhood include the staff and service, wait time, parking, food quality, differences among demographics in different neighborhoods, etc. With all of this said, however, I have virtually the same critique for the Oakland restaurant as both of the others I reviewed. Again, this is located in the heart of the neighborhood (like the Shayside and Strip District branches), so parking is tough right on Forbes and the place is always crowded. If you don't mind waiting a while for your table, the food here is just as good as everywhere else. The service, if anything, is a bit worse here. However, no one can deny the power of the pancake on a Sunday morning.
4	Treating your Pitt student to breakfast or brunch at Pamela's is a time honored tradition!  Your student will appreciate the huge servings of delicious comfort food, and you will appreciate the moderate prices (but remember, it is cash only). Definitely try the some of their famous crepe pancakes!  They are thin, crispy around the edges, and the size of a dinner plate. The strawberry stuffed ones are the best. This location is right in the midst of Pitt campus and so is always crowded with college students. However, don't be put off by the wait, service is fast and the tables turn over quickly. The ambiance is casual, colorful and fun, with old board game boxes and gameboards decorating the walls.  Recommend!
5	Very Good Food we loved it alllll I loved the pancakes and my dude hashbrowns was delicious my bacon was good and the ham was awesome :P
4	We realllllyy dig Pamela's. I've shared my awesome first-time Pamela hot cake experience on the Shadyside location, so I will not repeat that again. I'm literally obsessed with the strawberry hotcakes and the potatoes. I brought my sister here this weekend to experience Pamela's. She enjoyed it as well! As others have stated, it's worth the wait! It's normally a 30-min wait on a Sunday around noon. Surprisingly, your food comes out realllllly fast! This past weekend though, we waited a good 30-35 minutes for our food after ordering (which was longer than average) Still worth it though!!Cash Only***
4	If you love pancakes and crepes, you'll love Pam's special hotcakes. They are thicker than crepes but thin enough to be perfectly griddled on each side. They still have the fluffy texture of pancakes and are just amazing with strawberries!We came here on a snowing winter morning, and it was perfect for a diner experience. We were seated right away and the service was very attentive and friendly. I'm not a morning person, but Pamela's makes it great.
2	I much prefer the Pamela's in the strip. I've only been here once, but the food was beyond salty. Even the potatoes that I love were super salty and oily. Maybe I just went on an off day, but I'll be going to the one in the strip only from now on.
4	Happy busy yummy breakfast joint.  Good coffee - nice service - bustling clientelle.  Nommy Lyonnaise potatoes.  French bananas on Whole Wheat French toast.Boardgames all over the wall - just like my kitchen!
2	We ordered the Tex Mex omelette and the pancakes.The pancakes were horribly oily and tasted ok . Very unhealthy and heavy. The omelette was stuffed with chorizo which was also average. I dint think this place was that great. Quite below average. Even in spite of the rush, the food came out quick.  But I'll try the other ones the next time.
5	Favorite breakfast food in oakland... the hotcakes are to die for. It's a fun place for families, as the walls are covered with old school board games and the tables come with trivia cards. It is a very popular spot on campus so there can sometimes be a bit of a wait, but they turn tables pretty quickly.
5	Pamela's has been my favorite brunch place in Pittsburgh since I moved here seven years ago. I don't have a favorite location. They're all great and all have the same great menu. Huge portions. I always have leftovers to take home for the next meal.
3	Stopped by for breakfast on a Saturday. It was around 10am and the place was filled. Fortunately, when my friend and I arrived we were able to be seated immediately. Once you enter the restaurant, you immediately notice the board game wall decor which makes the place look uber colorful. No complaints. We decided to try the strawberry hotcakes and the corned beef hash omelette. The hotcakes were different. I was expecting pancake-looking food but it came out as more of a crepe-ish hotcake texture, which I liked. The batter wasn't thick and the combination of the sour cream, strawberries, and whip cream were delish. The corned beef hash omelette on the other hand was pretty ordinary.
4	Breakfast for lunch or actual lunch-lunch for lunch.  The options are available for whatever your palate calls for regardless of the time of day.I'm more of a 'breakfast for dinner' type of gal so when I go out for lunch, I want a sandwich or salad.  My order today was a grilled marinated chicken sandwich with a side of home fries.  Home fries were hot off the grill and delicious.  And it's hard to mess up a chicken sandwich - and luckily - Pamela's did not.  It was a tasty healthy lunch choice.  Others at my table had omelets with sides of toast and tomatoes on the side.  Everyone was happy.  And happy is the typical emotion of those that dine at Pamela's.
5	This place is no joke!  Wow we shared the corn beef hash and strawberry pancakes.  We ate way past the point of full because it tasted so delicious.  Great service too.Don't forget to bring cash
5	Best pancakes in the burgh! I've spent some time in presbyopia hospital and I often send my family down to Pamela to get some breakfast instead of the bland junk they pass off as food at the hospital. Even the take-out being walked from the restaurant to my room in the freezing cold doesn't phase the awesome flavor packed into these pancakes!! The home fries are also another favorite. If you haven't tried Pamela for breakfast, you definitely need to give it a go!
5	Breakfast is here when you are in Philly. Their pancakes/hotcakes/crepes are divine.... no syrup is needed. It has a sour, sweet taste that just melts in your mouth and is super addicting. They use fresh ingredients which adds to the amazing flavor. The staff is also great... super friendly and funny. I would definitely recommend this spot.
3	Very long lines!!!! Good food with big portions! They only accept cash :(
4	I came here at around 10am for Sun. breakfast with my parents about a year ago when they were visiting PGH. I ordered the blueberry and sour cream filled crepes, and they were delicious!  My mom ordered the strawberry hotcakes and I forget what my dad ordered, but they enjoyed theirs very much, as well. The food here is diner food, so it is on the buttery/greasy side, but the pancakes are consistently good. The decor is board-game themed, which added a playful element to the experience of eating here.  I believe we waited about 10 min. to be seated, and I don't have any complaints about the service.  This place accepts cash only, so remember to hit the ATM before coming.  Having Sun. breakfast here was a great ending to a fun weekend, as well as a way to introduce my folks to one more unique PGH eatery!
5	Absolutely wonderful, took my 11 year old cousin to eat and he loved it. We played a trivia game that was on the table. The food was great, he had hot cakes and I have the tex mex omelette. Everything was fantastic.
4	The strawberry hotcakes are the best and i'm not a fan of pancakes. The waiter recommended the home fries well done as a side and im glad he did. Never thought homefries can be so special. I gave it 4 stars because we were constantly waiting, either to get a table or to get our food. Definitely a must if you're in the Pittsburgh area. Great and fun decor of old school board games!
4	Stopped at Pamela's for a late Saturday breakfast with three friends while visiting from out of state. The staff were friendly and efficient, using a text message to notify that our table was ready after about fifteen minutes. Ambiance was bright and casual.Everything we tried was fresh and flavorful. The pancakes were somewhere between American pancakes, Swedish pancakes, and crepes... airy in the middle and crunchy at the edges. Portions were a little on the larger side but reasonably priced. Keep in mind that the restaurant is cash only.
4	Great start! Our wait was short and very organized. Loved the text when table is ready. Waited about 30 mins for food. A little long for breakfast but food was very good.
5	Pamela's is the best place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. Friendly, fast service, reasonably price, cheeky atmosphere, bottomless coffee, need I say more? Oh yeah I should, the home fries are exquisite.
4	We had Greek chicken wrap,  western omelette,  and California French toast.  All meals were great except for the 1inch, sharp, thick sliver of wood we found in the the chicken wrap... maybe added for more fiber. We told the waitress and she gave us the wood sliver meal for free.  We will definitly go back but we'll be wary of foreign objects.
2	Food was very good and unique but the environment wasn't very inviting.  I really don't understand why a restaurant in 2014 wouldn't accept credit cards.  The parking meters outside take credit cards.  They have all of these rude warnings posted all over the restaurant about not taking credit cards because clearly their customers would prefer to pay that way.The waiter was very brief, even in explaining the menu or making recommendations.  One of the waitresses was walking around in grungy sweat pants like she just rolled out of bed.  There were also flies all over that I had to keep shooing away.The food was really good but it takes more than just good food to run a good restaurant that makes its customers want to come back.
4	If you have 20 minutes to wait for breakfast, theres no doubt that Pam's is your best bet for a breakfast spot in Oakland. With the new app nowait you might be able to reserve a spot in line though!Every time I have been to Pamela's I have been greeted by a group of incredibly helpful staff who are always in a good mood, even with the crazy morning rush.I typically get the hot cakes which are a mix between pancakes and a crepe. The meals are very reasonably priced, however, they only except cash and Panther Funds- University of Pittsburgh's form of currency, so that might be a difficulty for some people.
4	Brunch is great here, but do prepare to wait before you can dig in. We arrived at 10am in a Saturday morning and waited for 40 mins. The omelet is delicious and the strawberry shortcake is worth a try.
5	Personal favorites: Tex Mex. OmeletteMorning After Tip: - don't expect good coffee- he potatoes taste best at the strip district location
5	So delicious. Homestyle food is awesome and unique. I love the crepe hot cakes-good with chocolate chips, strawberries, bananas or just plain with syrup. The morning after special is fantastic as well-do that and substitute specialty hot cakes for the regular ones. You've got yourself a fantastic meal!
4	Was in town for U Pitt open house for weekend and Stopped in due to overall positive Yelp reviews.  Everything was very tasty.  I had the "Morning After" with the banana walnut crepe pancakes.  Cooked perfectly and nice portion size.   Coffee was good as well.  It did not seem like the average "diner" coffee.    Got here around 830 am on Sunday and had no wait.  I'd definitely come again.
4	Definitely a good place for breakfast!! Very good potatoes would go here just for the potatoes. But very bad that they dont accept card and just accept cash. I want to go many times but I stop myelf just because I dont keep cash so much :(
4	Love this place. Great atmosphere diner. Breakfast, brunch and lunch only. This location cash only.
5	The only complaint I could have for Pamela's is the cash only deal. But never fear, there are plenty of atm's that are close. Other than that, this place is amazing. The service is always quick and the food is always delicious.
