3	It's Papa John's...what can I say.  It's not great, but not bad for fast pizza.  Even though it's not great, at least you know what you're getting every time.
1	I did something today that I never had to do before and that was cancel an order.  I place and paid for my order online and got a confirmation e-mail with an estimated delivery time of 31-41 minutes.  As I have ordered in this manner, from this location countless times before I was confident that all would go well.  I was sadly mistaken.After 50 minutes I called and was told that it would be delivered "any minute" they had experianced a rush.  When I stated that I had ordered on a friday evening and got faster service than tonight, I was then told they were short staffed.  See where this is going, one excuse after another.As we are only 5-6 mins from the store, I waited another 10 minutes, we are now at 1 hour past order placement.  Nothing, another call, spoke to the store manager, and more excuses, they were busy....  When I said how I'd already been told it would be delivered any minute and that hadn't been accurate, I was told I don't know what to say.  Well I knew what to say, CANCEL MY ORDER, REFUND MY MONEY.  Now it was guilt trip time.  You want me to cancel the order even thought the drive has already left?  Why, yes I do.  I do not have to tolerate being lied to.  I also did not belive that the driver had left.  I e-mailed the cust. serv. to see what they have to say.  only time will tell about that.The worst part of all this, I have never had any problems with this location before.  However it only takes one time of poor service to loose a customer forever.  That may be what they have accomplished with their poor service and lies.
4	First time ordered from this location.  Waited for about 20 minutes for 2 large pies.  Average wait time.  Wasn't too busy with carry-out, but the drivers were going in and out with the deliveries.  Only come here when coupons are available.  Will try this place out again in the future.
2	We were first time customers of Papa John's.  Taken in by the "better ingredients...." tag line, we opted to try.  Not a good experience.  The ingredients may be "better" but there was so little to the pizza it was shameful.  We could hardly discern any taste to the product.  Price was $10 for a 14" 2 topping pizza but a bargain is not what you spend, it is what you get.  In the future we will get pizza from Italian restaurants to get something with more substance and taste..
