4	I think this place used to be the Half Moon Sports Grill and have been there once before.  The place still looks basically the same on the inside.It was a Monday night and we were looking for a quick bite to eat so we figured why not give this place a try.  Thinking back, I believe that the happy hour specials as well as the menu items were about the same as what the Half Moon Grill offered.  It was about 6:30 on a Monday night and the place was basically dead so we we seated right away and had our choice of table.  Our waitress was fast and friendly and we ordered up a couple beers, a salad and some burgers.  The burgers were a good size, not frozen or pre-cooked and were topped with fresh ingredients.  The fries were good as well and were hand cut.  We also tried the homemade kettle chips and they were excellent.  I could probably eat them all day.It was about $40 including tip for everything.  If I am in the area again and want a decent burger, have a beer and watch a game; I would definitely come back.
4	Great contemporary looking sports bar. A step above The Vine, Native New Yorker, etc. Lots of HDTV's and a good selection of beers on tap. Cleaner and better lit than I would have expected. Went on a Friday night and got seated right away. Service was attentive but not overly so. The clam chowder was a made from scratch recipe that actually had (gasp!) real fresh clams in it. Very savory and creamy. Turkey burger as nothing special but at least it was inventive being topped with Brie and sliced green apple. The Friday special was Prime Rib, a decent cut  accompanied by a baked potato w/ bacon + sour cream and some fresh string beans. Not fantastic, but definitely above average for sports bar fare and really affordable at ten bucks! The menu had a good selection of burgers, sandwiches and a few entrees (pastas, chicken, shrimp and steak). Meal for two, with drinks, came in at around $40. Good place for upscale bar food and a cold beer while watching a game.
4	Stopped here last night because I was in the area with some friends and didn't want to head down to 4-Peaks.  Food and drinks were pretty standard but the establishment itself is extremely nice.  Plenty of TVs for sports fans and ample, well-laid out seating.  The place was not crowded at 10pm on a Friday night, which is exactly what I was looking for.  Just a place where my friends and I could walk in, grab a chair and have a few drinks.  That isn't to say there weren't people there, there was just few enough to make it seem populated but not crowded.  I'll be coming back next time I want a drink without any of the hassles that the Mill area presents.
3	wings are pretty good. service was pretty good. specials are pretty good. thursday they had a dozen wings for 3 bucks with the purchase of a drink.sign was confusing thought it said, 3 bucks for dozen wings and a drink lol.
1	Horrible!  If I could give zero stars I would!   My husband and I walked in and sat at the bar.  The bartender got up from sitting at the bar and hung up her cell phone to take our order.  I asked for an absolut and soda which came out as an absolut and something that tasted like flat sprite, but didn't complain.   Our server came back to take our food order...a quesadilla and chicken strips then sat down with the only other waitress in the place and ate food 5 chairs down from us.  She then dropped off our food, which tasted like it had been frozen...it was completely lacking in flavor and the fries were mushy, and disappeared when her cell phone rang again.  When she walked by the bar, about 15 minutes later, I made eye-contact and she came over still on her cell phone to ask us if we needed anything else.  We asked for the check which she brought back and "thanked" us, again still on her cell phone!!!  The entire night the manager was standing in the kitchen, which looks into the main dining room/bar, witnessing the entire event.  The only good thing about this place is the ridiculous amount of TVs but it's not enough to have us go back again!
