4	This place totally rocks!! I know that it's in a food court but don't be fool, the prices at this place are NOT food court prices... Hell to the mother NO! Be ready to pay if you want to eat at this spot. Honestly the food is worth the money, they have super fresh veggies (and do you know how hard it is to get fresh anything here?) and nice cuts of meat such as filet mignon ;)I also love the scallops here an the lobster tail. The way it works is pretty straight forward, pick up to 6 or 7 veggies, enough to fill the bowl, pick your meat (you can get up to two meats) pick your sauce and then pick a side (rice, fried rice or noodles) an they'll cook it for you and you can pick it up in like 5 minutes.This is the first place I eat at when ever I visit Vegas.
1	Might be a good idea if wait wasn't forever.  Waited on line for half an hour, then waited over a half hour for food to be prepared.  Doesn't seem like a fast food concept.  Also food wasn't prepared incorrectly after all that wait.  Verdict - overpriced, underwhelmed - not a happy consumer.
2	The Food Selection was amazing - fresh veges, shrimp, quality beef... select your own and then they prepare. I had the steak and shrimp combo... unfortunately flavorless and ill prepared. I expressed my dissatisfaction with having spent $52.75 for two meals, and asked about how they prepare the meat. I was told that they wok the meat first, add the veges and then the shrimp. Seriously? The meat was like rubber and lacked any seared flavor at all. It was like they steamed everything together. Panda Express tastes better for one fifth the price. Come on guys, you can do BETTER!
5	This is probably one of the best Asian places I have been too in Las Vegas, even though it's in the food court which would throw anyone off. The food was fresh when ordered not pre-made like a lot of places I've been to.  I had steak and shrimp bowl which even though was a little pricy after tasting it I knew it was well worth the price. The customer service was great.  I don't remember her name but the Hispanic lady that helped me at the front really helped me out on deciding what to get and what goes best with what.  And she proved right because the surf and turf style was the best choice. After she rang up my order she was pleasant and smiled and I just felt like she was really happy to be at work and to help customers out!!!! I would highly recommend this place to anyone eating on the strip and if your in the MGM you def. need to stop by.  You won't regret it.
