4	This used to be Corsa Cucina but they changed the name and changed the menu (although the web link still has "Corsa Cucina" in it even though the main Wynn website says "Stratta").There are some things similar to Corsa Cucina, namely the pizzas.  I had the pizza with shitake mushrooms, mozzarella, goat cheese and truffle oil.  I have to say, it was excellent.  I also had a side of rapini, which was also excellent - lots of garlic.  I also tried the fried cheese bites that my friend ordered and they were tasty - little triangles of cheese between bread with two different sauces.  They were not amazingly memorable but they were good in a comfort food sort of way.  The bread they served us came with a pesto sauce to dip and the pesto was excellent.They have a smallish but decent wine by the glass list and the service at the bar is excellent.  We chose to sit at the bar so we could have a faster dinner and get back to gambling and it was very pleasant.  The bartenders were friendly and we got our food and drinks very quickly.  The rest of the menu looked pretty good, too - lots of pastas and also meats and fish, several different pizzas, interesting sides.  It's pricey for both food and wine but it's a nice place for a somewhat more casual dining experience at the Wynn.  You do feel like you are sitting in the casino with the view from both sides and I think they sort of were going for that; it definitely makes it more casual than the other restaurants at the Wynn.  I would like to return here for a full dinner and I would absolutely return to have a glass of wine and pizza or apps at the bar.
5	The service and food were excellent.  This was the first dinner of my vacation, and I made a great choice.  As a restaurant owner who works seven days a week, open to close, I wanted to pick restaurants that excel in food, flavor and service.  Therefore, I was honored to be a customer, because they treated us like royalty. The staff was very attentive, they joked with us, and took time to talk to us about their restaurant.  The food was very good.  I had the filet with zucchini stuffed with riccotta cheese.  My buddy had the potato gnocchi carbonara style.  The dessert we chose was a sampler platter of five of their top selling desserts.  Great choice.  Definitely will be back next year!
4	Just came back from dinner here and it was really good. The wait staff was amazing and really was very helpful.My favorite thing on the menu was the dessert: Bombolino - which is basically like a donut filled with Nutella served with a hand whipped creme on the side.  I would go back just to have that for dessert again!!
4	I love this bar/restaurant.  This is a great lunch place to have a nibble and sip something to aid your aching head.  They have excellent tvs so you can watch some good sports, and if there is anything significant on, it is always a party atmosphere in here.  Their pasta, salads and pizzas are lovely.  Very high quality food and service (GREAT bartenders) at a good value, this being the lower level restaurant of chef Alessandro Stratta.  I would eat here for a special event anytime. I love the decor, the people watching and the busy bustling atmosphere.
5	Great food, great service, great wine, and close to the Le Reve theater.  I really enjoyed our dinner at Stratta.  The atmosphere is unique, with all types of tree branch art work that is pretty cool.  The wine list is deep, with bottles starting at around $60.  The menu has so many great choices, are party of four was each very pleased with their selection.  I do recommend the lobster pasta it's off the hook.If you are going to see Le Rive this is the perfect pre or post restaurant to hit up.  I am not easily impressed, but Stratta you wowed me.
3	One star for the atmosphere and two stars for the bartenders.  The food was only eh.  I had the scallops, which were cooked just fine, but had that yucky bitterness you sometimes get.  They weren't sweet and succluent like they should taste.  At $33 bucks ya kinda hope for yummy.   I also had a half portion of the parpadelle ragout and again it was eh (I think this was only $10, but it really was a small serving).  It was far from perfection and the noodles really got kind of gummy very quickly.  It tasted just as good as pasta you get from Buca de Beppo.  The wine was nice, the bread was great, the service was fantastic, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.  This is the third restaurant at the Wynn that has disappointed me (SW and Daniel were both underwhelming foodwise - the service is always great, though).  I love the Wynn.  The hotel/casino is amazing, the rooms and the service are impeccable, so I can't get over all of these so-so restaurant experiences.  Go figure.
4	this is a great place to have a business lunch... i went twice during my time in vegas, and popular enough to people watch, but quiet enough to conduct business.try the corsa salad and roasted shrimp penne!
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  I love it when it was Corsa because of the pappardelle cooked in a lobster broth and were a little disappointed when it became Stratta and they took it off the menu but they made up for it with their toffee crunch chocolate cake!  The still have a lobster and shrimp pasta that's good and their linguine with clams is always good too!  The service is great and super fast, but still relaxing and not rushed!
3	Just above average...I expect more from the Wynn.  I have had the chance to eat at a few of the Wynn's restaurants and have never been as disappointed as I was with Stratta.  Atmosphere: Good overall ambiance.  Soft lighting and great decor.Staff: Friendly and quick with service.  However, felt a little rushed towards the end of dinner as the waitress walked by a few times after dessert to "check on us," while we were enjoying the rest of our glasses of wine.Food:Started off with the Fried Artichoke Hearts, which were very tasty, but a little tart.  I would still recommend.For my entree I had the seared sea scallops.  These were prepared nicely, but weren't amazing.  I've had better.My date only ordered a salad and a side of broccoli. As she wasn't very hungry...so can't really comment on her dishes other than she was a little disappointed with the taste.Overall the meal was a little more expensive than I would have liked only to be just above average.  For these dishes above (remember my date only had salad and a side of broccoli) and 2 glasses of wine it came out to about $150.  Doubt I'll come back, but with the numerous other options at the Wynn or Encore I probably won't have to.
4	The Stratta was everything I have expected from the Wynn. A quality dinning experience, and yet I was surprised to find my bill to be very reasonable.  I am guessing it really depends on the menu items, or the drinks you order. I just wasn't in the mood to get boozed since I was headed to XS anyway. So I ordered the Meatball Pizza and Shrimp Penne. I chose to skip out on the high priced seafood items and the veal. These two items alone were simply the best I have ever tasted. You can tell something is well prepared when the taste doesn't not come from the over loading of fattening ingredients. It comes from truly organic ingredients and chef skills. I can write a page about how great the pizza crust was alone. True international pizza lovers understand that a pizza should not be cheese bread + whatever topping. The crust can be thin as a cracker, but yet bring out tons of flavor.  The cheese and spices were not overwhelming. I just hate milky oily cheese, and this pizza did not have any of that. The meat ball was individually laid out in the center of each slice. With that type of detail, you can tell someone spent hours throughout the day rolling up that single meatball to be served on my one slice of pizza. Now on to the Shrimp Penne. Steve Wynn must have a special deal with the shrimp fishermen of Lake Mead, because thats the meatyest piece of shrimp I have ever had on anything. The slow cooked shrimp is not chewy, but has some flesh to bite into. The spices in the penne was not too spicy, but just right.  The pasta was definitely perfectly cooked and blended at the right timing. The funny thing is that I hate shrimp and don't even eat seafood. But I will certainly be glad to eat shrimp at the Stratta.The food was incredible, and the service was very friendly.  It was valentines day weekend, so the only way to get in is through reservations. From what I heard, this place does fill up quick on the weekends. I highly suggest going to their website if you do choose to dine here.There is only one reason why I have to take a star off is because of the pressure from the waiter pushing for fiji water and wine.  We were dressed for the club, so getting drunk off wine probably wouldn't go well with the goose later on.  Either ways, this place definitely delivers and is exactly what I expected from Stratta and Mr Steve Wynn.
3	Being that this Italian Restaurant is inside The Wynn, maybe I was expecting more of a knockout.  The food was good, and the wine suggested to us complemented our meal very well.  I have had way better Italian food with far less fanfare.  We all enjoyed our meals, but I can only say that this place is adequate.  There are much better Italian dining options in Las Vegas, but if your at The Wynn...then this restaurant will do.
2	Being that it was our last night in Vegas my friends and I opted for a low-key night of dinner and drinks right in our hotel.  Stratta seemed like a good option.  The decor is great, with dark woods, deep reds,  and large plum lamps hanging from the ceiling.  The service was absolutely terrible.  Our waiter not only had zero personality, he truly seemed like he wanted us to leave.  After we ordered one round of martinis and a personal pizza each, he handed us our check.  Um...excuse me...we were planning on drinking some more?  Perhaps having dessert?Not one to be defeated by a rude waiter, I flagged him back down and asked him in my most venomous but syrupy tone, "Excuse me, do you mind if we order more?"  He gave us a very insincere apology, took the check back, and took our second round of drink orders.  He never even offered to show us the dessert menu.Our second round of drinks came--and guess what he plopped down on the table with them: the CHECK.  It was Sunday night and  the place was not anywhere near closing, nor was there a line of people waiting to sit down....WTF??  Didn't we just go over this?We drank our last round, gave him a crappy tip (which is not my style), and left.  The food was okay; my tomato/basil pizza crust was undercooked and I would have liked more basil.  The drinks were seemingly inventive when you read them off the menu, but were not nearly as interesting in real life.  My first drink was a gin/raspberry juice/sage martini.  I didn't see or taste any sage, and it basically tasted like a cosmo.  (The raspberry juice was clearly not fresh, as I would expect it to be for $14.)  My second drink was some kind of orange concoction that tasted like an orange Starburst.  It was tastey, but too sweet.Don't bother.
4	One of the few fine dining places willing to seat people after 10pm on a weekday. Decent Italian food but not worth it for the price. I had the Osso Bucco, which was good. The shank was nice and tender and juicy but the flavors were on the subdued side, risotto underneath wasn't memorable. My wife had the Rib eye which she raved about with the flavors. Wine is only by the bottle (a big pet peeve of mine since one glass is enough) Wine, dinner, and tip ~$200
5	Would have never just decided to eat here but my friend comped it for us. Can't say no to free food right? That would be rude. My steak and eggs, $24 but damn good. I was thinking it was going to be something like Dennys but I should have known the Wynn wouldn't do it like that. Not much on the menu but if theres anything you have to try its this little donut things they make fresh. So damn good. It's just chocolatey sugary goodness that just melts in your mouth.
4	Okay, I'm gonna try to go short, but if you've clicked through my reviews, you know that's nearly impossible for me.Bad: our server kinda grated on my nerves, like he was irked with us. wtf, man.  But this other guy in a suit came over to serve + chat with us a couple times, even tag-teaming our server in reviewing our dessert choices, and that was pretty nice.  Maybe it was b/c I asked a bazillion questions (like whether arugula was a highlight green or main green in the salad where it was listed, and he got confused, and my friend "translated" for me -- I know I say things strangely, but -- really? boo.)Good: food.  Duh.  I wasn't feeling my best, I'm not sure what was wrong -- but (starting at the beginning): the cranberry bread served with the cheeses was delicious.  I avoided the strong cheeses but loved whatever mild one was plated.  Sampled my friend's ravioli -- she had leftovers, but if I were feeling normal, I bet I could have polished off all 6 of those delicious pasta pockets.  My other friend ordered the Bosco pizza -- Wow.  That's all I can say.  More than enough for 1 person, especially when you add in an appetizer or salad.  Since I wasn't feeling tip-top, I ordered the cucumber salad -- perfect for me: light, refreshing.  Any other day,  there's no way it would have been enough, since it was so light, and a good-sized but still "side" portion.Each of us had our fave dessert in the sampler too: mine was the tiramisu, was has to be one of the best I've had; another friend swooned over the cannoli; I super enjoyed the bambolini/cream puff; and the cheesecake was pretty good (nothing uber-special to me, but I'm not a huge cheesecake fan).Definitely a surprise-treat, overall, since I didn't think we were planning on eating at so many nice places -- but it was fab :)
2	I should give this 2.5 stars - the beginning (pesto with the bread) and the end (dessert) were terrific.  What came between was adequate at best.  Given the prices I expected to get better quality than the Olive Garden, but it was only marginally better...I had fried calamari and the scallop main course, my wife had the pizza app and bucatini main course.  My calamari was heavily breaded and rubbery - it had to be frozen food service calamari or frozen from a bad like you'd get at Safeway.  It couldn't have been fresh.  The scallops were tasty, but over salted and very small - not the very large sea scallops I'm used to in quality restaurants.My wife's pizza was really good - thin crispy crust and very nicely done.  Her bucatini was too peppery and tasted like it was a sauce from a jar.The highlight was dessert - the tiramisu and toffee chocolate cake were great!  They were probably bought in too (do they make anything in house?) but they were really good!So if we went back I guess it would be for pizza and dessert.  Otherwise I'd save your money and go to the Wynn Buffet, Red8 or Il Mulino if you want Italian.
2	So...........we were excited about staying at the Wynn Casino and wanted to grab a decent meal before hitting the tables.  My friend have told me that they had the best Italian food in this restaurant.  We ordered some drinks and they brought over some bread.Bread was stale.  It came with a house made pesto.  I like dipping the bread in marinara so we ordered the appetizer meatballs.  The sauce was great and the temperature was perfect but the meatballs was only warm.  Very disappointing.  Plus the bread was bad.The Lasagna was good but the middle of the lasagna was lukewarm  The sauce was hotter than the lasagna.   I think if they would have used the same sauce on the meatball as they did for the Pasta with lobster and shrimp, it would have tasted better. They have two different types of marinara sauce?  The pasta was hard in a not so al dente way.  Meaning the spaghetti with lobster and shrimp for 44 dollars was probably left under a food heating lamp a little too long and the lobster and shrimp were a little rubbery..The whole meal lasted 1:45 minutes.  We sat near the bar and not in the main dining area so that we can watch the lakers game.  I have heard that this was a great restaurant.  The service was the only thing that gave them the extra star.For the price that you pay here............the food should be a lot better.
2	Okay, Stratta is a huge fail, but allow me to explainFOOD: 3-3.5PRICE: 1PORTION: 0DECOR: 2.5SERVICE: 3.5For the record, the food isn't too bad. It's actually pretty good. But when you take into consideration the portion and the pricing, it's a HUGE fail. We came here because it was the only decent place open that didn't require reservations. Even with our already low standards, this place failed to make us happy. I got the goat cheese salad and my bf got the veal. Okay, I have to admit, I thought the goat cheese salad was YUMMY. It was warm, slightly sweet and really made me happy. However, it was LITERALLY, maybe 4 bites big. Wtf? Prisoners get bigger rations than that. For $12, I would like more than just 4 bites. My bf's veal was a big fat fail. Not only was it tiny, it wasn't even that good (although the sauce that it came with was pretty good), definitely not worth the $35 for 5 bites. And charging us $9 for 3 pieces of asparagus? What the hell. Even higher-rated restaurants give bigger portions AND better quality. Service was okay, our waiter was pretty nice but he was also pretty busy so it was hard to get a hold of him. Decor is nice but it isn't anything special. It's just a clean look.Please don't come here. I know it's convenient because it's open really late and it's right there, but it's still a big fail to me. The only reason why it got a 2 instead of a 1 is because I really liked my 4-bites salad but the portion and prices really make it a zero.
3	The guy was craving Italian, so the concierge recommended Stratta. Sometimes, I like going to restaurants I have no prior knowledge of and no expectations. Sometimes, the best surprises come that way.The restaurant was empty when we arrived - it was Sunday afternoon, around 1 PM. They brought out bread and a pesto dipping sauce. The dipping sauce, by far, was the best part of the meal. For my entree, I ordered the bolognese and the guy ordered the shrimp pasta. The server exclaims that the shrimp pasta is their most popular dish. Great, now we have expectations. I almost laughed when they brought out the shrimp pasta. It looked like Chef Boyardee: the squishy, stringy pasta, and bright orange sauce. It tasted okay, but for $25+, I'd like to think they could do better than Chef Boyardee. My bolognese was decent, although, the sauce really needed a punch of flavor, maybe some fresh herbs of some sort. Overall, Stratta is pretty typical of most flash Vegas casino eateries: over-priced, underwhelming food. Welcome to the Wynn.
3	Late at night this place is good, mostly because it's one of the few places open to help balance a night of drinking. We ordered the mozzarella which was sooooo good in the tomato dipping sauce. The spaghetti was fine as was the donuts that we ordered. Decent eats. Great service.
4	This is not a drunk review although most of the people that eat here late night are drunk and walking out of Tryst. They close at 4 am and they serve both food and alcohol. I was dead sober and waiting on my group to re congregate when the club closed, so we decided to grab a bite to eat.I got the margarita pizza and my friend got the goat cheese salad. Both were amazing and great to share. The pizza was thin and so flavorful. The salad was refreshing and the goat cheese was warm. I wasn't overly full or greased out afterwards, so it was a huge plus.
3	It was good, not great, their rib eye was mediocre.  Great wine selection.
5	Bar Review..........I didn't realize this was a restaurant until I noticed lot's of people showing up after 6pm in very nice clothes. We stopped by to catch the Dodger game because the Cabana Bar wasn't showing it (Wack!) so we were in swim gear and it was a little embarrassing at first being the only ones under dressed but after a few drinks it didn't matter. LOL Had a few Stellas at $7 and then the bartender introduced me to my new favorite drink in the world "Kiroyale" Oh man was it good!!!!!!! She was totally hooking it up so next time you're there ask for Keao. They also serve nuts with your drinks. Good Times!P.S. Dodgers killed the Mets!!!
3	Going to Stratta this time definitely made up for the terrible experience the first time I came.  Most of that was due to high expectations and a shitty waiter.Stopped in for the Taste of Wynn experience. Appetizer, entree, and dessert for 39 bucks a person. That's a deal anywhere, but especially in the Wynn!  Ordered a decently priced bottle of wine and enjoyed some bread and cheesy bread crunchies with their pesto dipping sauce. Started with the Panzanella Salad; not bad. I've had better (at Panzanella in Sherman Oaks, actually), but it was fine.  Husband thought the Caesar Salad was decent as well. For dinner we had the Bucatini Amatriciana and the Papparadelle Bolognese. The bucatini was much better than the first time I had it. It tasted like it was made with cream though, rather than using good cheese. That was a tad bit disappointing. I wasnt a huge fan of the Papparadelle, but I will say that the pasta did taste freshly made, so kudos for that.  Dessert was a chocolate toffee cake and tiramisu.  We were too full to really enjoy them, but the tastes we had were nice. I particularly thought the chocolate toffee cake was yummy and very rich.What was most impressive, I think, was that for such a small price, we received full portions and the same quality service if our bill were hundreds more. They've earned my business again!
4	Stratta is great for a late, casual but stylish dining.  Opened until 2:30 am and a short walk from XS, it offers one of the best wood-fired pizzas in town: The Bosco pizza, a thin, crispy but not dry, sweet crust with roasted mushroom puree and white truffle oil.  Individual-sized portion but dedicant enough to satisfy a late night craving.
1	I had a horrible experience dining here.  The food was really bad!!!  I order the calamari to start - it came as a huge plate of fried squid...granted, that is what I had ordered, but it was a bit over the top.  I only ate about a third of it.  It would be great if the halfed the portion of this and lowered the price (pretty pricey appetizer of $16).  The worst part was my main course.  Ordered the linguine with clam sauce and it was the WORST pasta I have ever tasted.  Even Olive Garden and Chef Boyardee are better than this pasta.  It was so incredibly bland it was like they forgot the white wine for the white wine sauce.  I couldnt' believe what I was tasting and asked my husband to try to make sure I wasn't crazy.  He shared the same sentiments so I sent it back.  Next I asked for the Roasted Shrimp Penne which was okay...at least it had some taste to it, but I have had much better.  Given the prices, the food was VERY mediocre.  I think I would have enjoyed my time more at Maggiano's across the street.A huge disappointment....we are regulars at the Wynn and Encore, and this has been my only negative dining experience at this hotel (all the other restaurants are great - SW Steakhouse, Okada, Switch, Wazuzu, Red 8, Bartolotta, etc)
4	During my stay in Las Vegas I grabbed a late dinner here with my boyfriend and I was completely blown away with how great our dining experience was (and how comparable low the bill was).  After a long day of drinking, I was trying to avoid cocktails all together, but I was talked into splitting a glass of sangria.  Do not miss this!  The sangria at Stratta was the best drink I had during my vacation.For dinner I had the eggplant parmesan.  Not an especially fancy dish, but I think if you've got good eggplant than you have a good Italian restaurant.  It was so delicious, I could not stop eating it.  My boyfriend got the special, which was osso bucco and saffron risotto.  The price of his plate was a little steep, but it was totally worth it, great flavors and cooked perfectly.Great restaurant, casual and stylish.  One of the best meals I have had in Vegas.
4	During my stay in Encore, I spent most of my time in the poker room across the hall from Stratta.  We've decided to grab a quick lunch before Picasso on a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm.  The food was very good.  We ordered a caesar salad, little clam linguine, and ice tea.  Food came out quick and the linguine was perfect with chopped clams and 8 whole little neck clams on top garnished with yellow and red tomatoes.  Cons:  The service was slow.  It took them 15 minutes to sit us down in a pretty empty restaurant.   I had to request for bread and butter and water/ice tea refills 2-3 times.  Overall, our bill came out to be about $35 dollars.  It is a good place to grab a quick late night or lunch after hours on the poker table! :D
4	My hubby's grandparents love Italian food, so we made reservations for us all at Stratta after doing some reviewing. Let me begin by telling you I'm not a big Italian fan...I love pizza, but pastas aren't really my thing. For the table we shared the brushetta and fried calamari, both were pretty tasty. For the entrees I remember a couple of lasagna orders and mainly some pizzas. The food was amazing, and might I mention this restaurant is pretty reasonably priced. I felt like this meal was one of the least expensive out of all our meals so far. His grandparents paid the bill, which meant more Lee and Carey gambling money later ; ) I was pretty impressed with the ambiance and setting of Stratta, and would recommend it for any Italian or Non-Italian lover, like myself, to try!
4	Before we went to Tryst (club at the Wynn), we walked passed Stratta and remembered one of our friends was ranting and raving about their pizza, so we decided to try it out. Luckily the wait for 6 people was only 30 minutes, but I would definately recommend making reservations.The service was great and the food was yummy. We ordered...Wood-Fired Pizzas:Bosco - excellentSalumi - goodBianca - excellentSalad:Beef Carpaccio - excellent!! Sauce on the thinny sliced beef was delicious. Crouton was just ok.Pasta:Pappardelle al Ragu - the only fresh made pasta there. it was food.Side:Macaroni & Cheese Gratin - good, creamy. Good for 2 people.Wine:Girard Sov Blanc - nice, crisp and refreshingRow Eleven Pinor Nior - nice, smooth wine with almost a clean finish.
4	We came here for dinner one night during the first week in September.  I was impressed with the place.  Has a nice atmosphere and is open to the action of the casino at Wynn.  I found the service to be good.There was 4 of us dinning and one of us was late from their flight being delayed.    We waited a good hour after we were done eating for the last member of our party and they never tried to kick us out as we were not eating or rush us.We went and the had a tasting menu for 3 courses.  I think it was 39.00/each.  Anyways, I started with FRIED CALAMARI and it was pretty good.  However,  best Calamari is still at Fiamma Trattoria at MGM Grand!  The Calamari is good here and I would suggest it.  As for dinner we each got something different.  We each tried the BUCATINI 'AMATRICIAN, SEARED SEA SCALLOPS, and ROASTED CHICKEN BREAST.BUCATINI 'AMATRICIANA:Pancetta, tomato sauce with Pecorino Romano, roasted onions  this was very good and had a lot of flavor.  I really enjoyed this but, was not the best thing we had this night.ROASTED CHICKEN BREAST:Braised artichokes, baked tomatoes and capers in white wine sauce this was very well done.  Chicken was done perfectly and wow the flavor was great.  Would suggest this to anyone!  Again second best this night.SEARED SEA SCALLOPS:Saute of zucchini, oven-dried tomatoes, basil butter sauce WOW this was great and by far the best prepared Sea Scallops i've tried yet.  I'm new with this and only had a hand full of times.  But, this was great and will come here again for this dish alone.And for dessert we all had TIRAMISU and it was very good.  They got it right and I know as this is one of my favorite desserts.  We also had one of their signature drink pitchers as my friend ordered the girlie drink on the menu but the waiter said it was very strong.  I think it was the Prickly Pear Margarita.  I will admit it sounds and looks very fru fru but it was very strong and we were all pretty drunk after completing the whole pitcher.  However after splitting between all 4 of us we paid $67.28 with tip each.
4	Stratta has some of the most amazing Italian food i've ever tasted. They have this mushroom Pizza with truffle oil that will melt your mouth and your heart. The wine selection is quite good as well. The ambiance is nice, not my all time favorite but definitely good and worth the trip for the impeccable service and food. I have tried most things on their menu as I have eaten there on several occasions and there is nothing I would steer you away from . BUT, I would strongly urge you to try anything on their menu that offers truffle oil! Which isn't hard since most things have truffle oil offered.
5	BEST scallops I've ever had in my life, and I'm a very picky San Franciscan when it comes to scallops haha. We arrived early for our reservation and turns out the reservation was lost! We were upset about it, seeing it was my birthday and all, but the chef (Alex Stratta) himself came out and helped find a table for us. Now that's service!
3	It was not exactly our first choice to have our Thanskgiving dinner here but the line at the Wynn's buffet was ridiculous. So we decided to give this restaurant a try being we were hungry and in a rush to catch a show at 9pm.My husband tried to get us a seat for 7.30 pm at 6.30 pm...short notice you say? However, the hostess was so helpful and tried her best to slip us in earlier than that - and she did. The steak was thick and juicy and the potatoes was so creamyyyy! I had the veal but it was nothing great...maybe I'm just  comparing it to the one I had at Rome a month ago. We wanted to try the tiramisu but unfortunately there were out of it. All and all, the service was excellent but the food was not something I would pay for at their price.
4	Surprisingly great meal and good atmosphere. Definitely recommended.
4	This is the former location of another Italian favorite - Corsa Cucina.  Sad to see it's gone, but glad there is another Italian option in its place.Started off with sharing a wonderful salad.  I hate describing salads, because I don't know what all the different greens are called!!!  Anyway, this one had endives on the bottom, with "greens" on top.  Mixed with fabulous mushrooms (sorry, don't know of the name of those either).  Gorgonzola cheese and a light vinaigrette dressing.  Fabulous.For dinner, I had the short ribs with a side of mac and cheese.  Fork tender meat.  To die for mac - with a crispy gratin topping.  Amazing.Hubby had the pork chop stuffed with prosciutto and fontina cheese, over mashed sweet potatoes.  Can you say YUM???  Cocktail of the evening was a delicious blackberry martini.Only grip is when the waiter asked if we wanted flat or sparkling water when we sat down, we said flat (meaning tap).  Before we knew it there was an $8 bottle of Fiji water on our table.  Not cool.  We complained, waiter brought us tap water, and let us keep the bottle (because it was opened already).  Charged us for the water.  Weak.
4	The food was terriffic, my honey gushed over the scallops, and my meal was solid. The service was good, overall a great expereince. I deducted a star because if you are seated near the bar, you feel as if you are in a glorified Chili's. The back of the restaurant looked a bit more stylish.
4	I had the aubergine dish and it was very good and the portion was very generous. The side of fries with truffle oil.. delicious as well.My wife had the mussel plate and grilled chicken breast and loved it, she thought it was beautifully cooked. In fact, it was so nicely cooked and looked so juicy that I, a vegetarian, had to have a bite. It was the first piece of meat i had eaten in years... It made me miss Mr. Chicken.Overall, a reasonably priced restaurant with pretty good food and decor. I'd recommend making reservations as it was pretty packed at dinner time.
3	Excellent for Late Night Dining, but get there before the 3:30 AM mad rush.  About 2:30 AM is the quiet before the storm since it is central to Tryst & XS nightclubs.  There are no other late night options aside from room service or the cafe across.  I recommend these late night eats: Pizza: Bianca (5 star) , Salumi (3.5 star); crispy thin crusts & 2 pizzas perfect for sharing for 4 hungry girls who danced the night awaySalad: Goat Cheese salad with pine nuts & corn (4 stars)Dessert: HOT mini donuts (beignets) with Nutella ooooooozing from inside with fresh whipped cream dipping sauce(5 stars)Server: Philip (7 stars) - for that time & the kinda crowd he was dealing with New Year's Day; he was excellent & attentive & was spot on in portions & options for 4 girls to share
5	This place was so golden and gets an automatic point for being open super late night.  After going out late and being super hungry we went back to Encore (our hotel) and stumbled down to look for food.  Stratta looked better than the sandwich place across from it and so we strolled in.We didn't have to wait for a table which was awesome.  The ambiance was so nice and I can imagine this place being a great place to have dinner.  We ordered the following:- Fried calamari (there is something wrong with the place if they get this wrong)- 'Corsa' salad with warm goat cheese (the only thing I didn't do was lick the plate!!! Jeez it was so good.  It was tossed just right and I'd had never had those things in a salad.. warm goat cheese.. sauteed mushrooms)- French fries- super thin and so yummyI am so happy we stumbled upon this place late at night.  I will def come back and try their other dishes.  WYNN you are amazing!!  Nothing has been bad there!
4	Great pizza! The Salumi pizza was a bit salty, but that is the meats problem not the chef's it was delicious! The Margherita was wonderful, perfectly cooked couldn't help but eat it all. The calamari was very good, perfectly cooked with big portions and pieces! I would recommend eating here for sure!
5	FABULOUS dinner!  The basil pesto that comes with the flatbread was a perfect start.  My husband and I shared the calamari, which is perenially one of our favorite appetizers, but this was particularly flavorful and the accompanying sauce was zippy without being overwhelming.  I ordered the goat cheese salad, which had plenty of fresh corn and avocado, while my husband had a caesar salad.  For our entrees, I had the sea scallops (very good) and he had the linguine with clams to which he added some shrimp.  It was a good thing we had reservations because even on a Tuesday night, the place was packed.  The service was excellent; they were very attentive without being overbearing.Highly recommend!
5	5 stars all the way! I will definitely return for more. This place is great. The service was flawless. The food way spectacular.I made a late reservation and they were very gracious to accommodate my party of 6.  It was surprisingly affordable, the check was under $400 for the 6 of us, and we werent in any way frugal.Lets begin with the drinks: First let me say that I LOVE their glassware. I wanted to steal it and take it home with me...but it wouldnt fit in my purse. My friends said that their dirty martini's were perfect. I ordered a pitcher of a drink that had blackberry stoli(I think thats what it was) with muddled berries and mint, it was so delicious! oh, and they have a very nice scotch selection.Now the food: They serve a really good basil/olive oil with the bread and it is so fresh and flavorful. I ordered the angel hair pasta with tomato and basil. It was PERFECTION! My sister ordered the Maine lobster 'fra diavolo'. I tried it and it was so damn good, probably my favorite dish. Other friends got the eggplant parmesean, lasagna, and the linguini with clams. They were all really good. I would order any of those dishes.We were so full that we couldnt get dessert. As a side note: Im not sure if it was my state of inebriation or what, but they have some really weird "art work/decor". I couldnt stop staring at the wall art, it looked just like toasted staghetti sicks and pieces of fresh Ahi. Anyway. I highly recommend this place and look forward to dinning there on my next Vegas trip. Try it!
4	Are words necessary? I do not believe I have had a 'bad' meal @ the Wynn! This is a great place for late night munchies! I have had a few meals here even a little lovers spat ;) ~~~ They have these little yummy donuts that you should not miss out on...your constant companion,~ deirdra
3	The food was good, but compared to other Vegas restaurants, it just doesn't live up to expectations. Minestrone soup - good blend of flavours, great selection of vegetables, and healthy. However, the soup was $13. That's pretty damn pricey for a bowl of soup. Caprese salad - can't really mess up a caprese salad. $18. Veal osso buco - delicious, but a leaner type of osso buco than I'm used to. The saffron risotto that came with it was delicious. I think they shouldve gone with a savory gravy instead of lime juice on top. Chicken meatballs with rigatoni - the meatballs were excellent! However, the pasta was too al dente for my liking. It shouldve stayed in the water for a couple more minutes.Chocolate toffee cake - really good!! It was super thick and rich, just how I like my desserts. Tiramisu - meh. I've had better tiramisu. It was light and sweet but it really lacked the rum flavor I desired. I'd get the chocolate toffee cake instead or try the gelato/sorbet instead.
3	Food was decent -- started with a Cesar salad that was pretty mediocre and certainly not a traditional/classic take. Linguine in clam sauce was good. As in many Vegas restaurants -- I was not won over by a 4 oz pour of some standard pinot grigio for 12 or 13 bucks. Service was friendly and attentive -- but this was another pretty forgettable Vegas food experience -- lots of restaurants, lots of big names -- but not a lot of substance or soul.
2	I've eaten here a few times during late nights in Vegas because it tends to be one of the few places open at the Wynn after midnight. Let's just say neither time was memorable for the right reasons. The first time there was still sand in the mussels and the second time the spaghetti and meatballs almost made me sick. This seems odd to me since Alex Stratta is the chef. If I were him I'd drop either my name or this restaurant.
3	I expected much more from this restaurant.  I met two relatives who were from out of town and were staying at Wynn.  I had the warm goat cheese salad.  It was good but small in size.  For the main course, I had Veal Picatta.  There were two small slices of very thin veal.  The sauce was a bit salty, something I never say - until now.  I got a side of crispy fried potatoes with truffle oil and parmesan cheese.  It turned out to be french fries with some oil and cheese sprinkled over the top.  The potatoes were $7.The prices are too high even for a name restaurant in a property like Wynn.  For $59 before tip, I expect more food, better presentation, and the finest cooking.
3	Went here for dinner while the wedding party enjoyed their Bachelor/Bachelorette dinner and drinks. After much anticipation I must admit I was a little disappointed in the overall experience.We started with appetizers - Clams Casino for me and Beef Carpacchio for Carol. My clams were just average while the carpacchio was excellent. Entrees consisted of the stuffed Pork chop for me which was very good and Salmon for Carol which was just okay. We also ordered a side of fries - not sure why, since both our meals came with potatoes or rice. The fries, however, were excellent.Our dinner was accompanied by a bottle of Clos Pegas, which was excellent.All in all, a nice experience but not overwhelming. Prices were a little high for the portions and I felt the dining area was way too loud - maybe I'm just getting old.Definitely will give it another try in the future.
5	It's been awhile since I've been here, but I remember this place so vividly. The food was amazing. I had this lamb gnocchi that I could have eaten everyday. The price tag....not so cheap.However the quality is extremley high. This is a smaller restaurant that sits kind of on the corner of teh casino. Great food, great service.
4	Probably the best meal we had on our stay.  Our party started out meeting at the bar for drinks pre-meal, and it's a nice little  place, right off the gaming floor for good people-watching.  The bartender was probably the nicest we met the whole time we were at the Wynn or in Las Vegas, to be honest.  I'm not a frou-frou drink person, but the Blackberry Bliss cocktail was calling my name with its fresh crushed blackberries.  Pretty darned good.  The house pinot noir followed us from the bar to our table, as well.  Moving on to dinner, the roasted garlic bulb appetizer was better than I can even make at home, as were the pizzas.  Our party ended up getting pasta entrees; one got the angel hair pomodoro, one got linguine and white clam sauce, and the rest of us were swayed by the Maine lobster fra diavolo.  Now, our time spent in Las Vegas's resort eateries had taught me not to expect more than a chintzy portion, especially where seafood is concerned.  Not the case, here, at  all.  There were so many huge chunks of lobster in my pasta that I barely even touched the pasta itself before I was totally full...which, sadly, meant no nutella-stuffed beignets or tiramisu  for me.  Oh, well...something to plan a return trip for!  Super nice, attentive service, as well, which was also something we'd learned in mere days not to necessarily expect in Vegas.  It was our last night there, and a GREAT way to end the trip...Stratta left a very good taste in our mouths, literally and figuratively.
5	Let me start by saying they have a separate menu for vegan/vegetarians.   In general I think Las Vegas hates vegetarians with all their steak and seafood restaurants.  It's refreshing to find a place that goes the extra mile to cater to us.  I started with a mixed green salad.  It was excellent but nothing to write home about.  I got the spicy spaghetti as an entree with a side of garlic spinach.  The pasta was cooked perfect.  It was quite delicious but the real star of the meal was the spinach.  I could have eaten 10 bowls.
3	**REVIEW OF THE BAR ONLY**Stratta is swanky & cool to look at. But after you sit at the bar, order two measly shots (albeit mix master concocted) and discover you have a bill for $32, you are reminded how overpriced Vegas can be. Suddenly, the fog & mirrors lift and you see how uncool that hustler really is. Jerk.
4	Great for:- late night grub after the club- place to sit and chill coz your shoes are killing you from dancing in 4-5inch heels all night- watching all the drunk people pass through the Wynn casino- good times- decent food - love their desserts- breakfast food at 3am... MMM eggs and sausages
3	Situated in the new Encore hotel at the far end of the strip in Las Vegas, Stratta  was impressive in its decor but left me wanting more with the food. Although the food was okay, it was definitely not memorable and not as tasty as I would have liked. I ordered a bottle of champagne while I was there and the waitress took a long while to continue filling up our glasses (they take the bottle). All in all, I would not return...although it is a nice late night option after a night at XS.
4	had dinner there and after a slight seating snafu had a delicious meal , but really wanted to comment on our waiter, Roger. he was outstanding - excellent manner and really good knowledge.
5	Actually they do have takeout. My wife lets me go to Vegas alone, although ever since I retired I suspect she welcomes some time with me out of the house.  She saw an article that mentioned the nutella-stuffed beignets and asked that I bring some home to LA. So on my last night I called in a double order of them, drove to the Wynn, valet parked, picked them up, and was back in my hotel in no time. The yummy donuts  come with a cream dipping sauce, which I kept on ice for the trip home. Of course she loved them.The hostess was very helpful and charming. The restaurant looked really nice - I think I'll try it on my next visit.
4	atmosphere was very nice. we got there at about 7 and the place started filling up a little after. the portions are on the bigger side, so if you're not a big eater, i would recommend for you to share your dish.i got the meatball pizza to weight my stomach down with some meat and carbs. the crust was thin and crunchy with some scattered meatballs. it came out to be about a 10" medium pizza, so i was only able to finish 2/5th of the pizza. the rest was devoured at 4am, and it was still good!the pastas were pretty large as well as all my friends were not able to finish their dish. i got to pick at the lasagna, which was my 2nd choice and was glad i didnt chose it. it was a bit on the bland side for me. however, their puree mushroom with cheeses and truffle oil was delicioussss. the waiter had dropped the remaining 2 slices of that pizza when he was boxing it up and gave us a whole new pizza. unfortunately, that pizza was not so good at 4am.great service, nice atmosphere, good food. i would come back.
4	came here for my birthday dinner and it was so good!  if youre looking for a great restaurant for a birthday dinner or special occasion but dont want to pay the hefty $80++ per person price at a steakhouse, stratta's a great idea! the atmosphere is great, and the service was great.  i was staying at the wynn and it was really nice because the restaurant is RIGHT next to where you get off from the elevator. so it made getting ready and getting there easy.i got the chicken breast with risotto on the side, with a glass of delicioussss moscato wine. it was soo good!  had some chocolate/toffee cake for dessert too and that was delicious too. and all in all the pricing was pretty good.  would definitely come back! they also have a starlight menu that starts at 11pm and goes til 6am, which is great if your starving after a night of clubbing. yay vegas!
3	After getting over the fact that there was not one single restaurant or cafe in Encore open past midnight on a Thursday (this is Vegas, right?) we made our way back to the Wynn for the second time and went to Stratta.  The late night menu is, well, the late night menu.  Simple, easy dishes, made to satisfy the post drinking binge or the late night travelers.  Whatever the reason for dining this late, the expectations are usually low.  That being said, the braised beef short rib panino, or as our server referred to it, the steak sandwich (yeah, let's keep it real), was really pretty good.  A nice sized sammie served with tons of beef, caramelized onions, and topped with bel paese cheese.  My only issue is that the roll couldn't stand up to the juicy, ample serving of beef.  My hb got the eggs benedict, which was also served a la beef short rib and topped with a chipotle hollandaise sauce.  It was even better. Prices were $15 for each entree.  Not bad for the Wynn. Our server was extremely nice, but spread thin.  We waited forever for water refills and even longer for our check. Everywhere in Vegas, they seem to be cutting back, and you can definitely tell.  Of course, we had to end the late night meal with the warm donuts.  One of the dealers told us they were fabulous. They're actually amaretto and ricotta donuts, stuffed with Nutella.  They had me at Nutella.  We took those to our room, and got a surprise.  No Nutella.  Just donuts.  That's freaking disappointing, because for me...it's all about the desserts.  Minus 1 star!
3	Went back again since late night dining options are few and far between at the Encore, and sat at the bar since there was a wait for a table.  Great service from the bartender.  I tried the specialty cocktail which was some fruity (a ton of real strawberries and raspberries) Red Bull and vodka concoction which I later found out is made with 100 proof vodka.  Whoa!  It's a $14 cocktail, but definitely worth it.  I had to take that bad boy with me after dinner since I couldn't finish it at the bar. Skip the calamari.  It was overdone and tasteless.  Gave the doughnuts another chance, and this time, they were stuffed with Nutella and delicious. That doesn't garner an extra star, however, because it just reaffirms the fact that some cook got lazy and screwed us the first time.
3	Had a few drinks with a friend of mine. Happens to be at Wynn. Nothing special.
2	Wynn/Encore Appetizer Crawl: Part 4Our fourth stop of the night was actually Switch, but the menu didn't sound appealing. Before we left we saw the walls and ceilings change. Wow, talk about gimmicky and underwhelming. $40 million doesn't get you as much as it used to, I guess. Anyway, we headed to Stratta for our next bite.Despite there being 3 or 4 empty tables in the Stratta lounge we had to wait. When they finally sat us it was at a table that remained empty the whole time. wtf? I guess they like making people wait for no reason?Their Late Night menu was the only food option. I believe it's the same stuff as their Lunch menu. Our order:- Warm goat cheese salad ($11): underwhelming, bland and boring.- Meatball sandwich ($16): I didn't try any of it, but my friend devoured it pretty quickly- Braised short rib panino ($15): a tasty sandwich. Tender meat, glazed onions, and plenty of cheese. It was a big sammie, as it should be for 15 bucks, but still over-priced.The service was lackluster and for the price you pay the whole experience (food and all) is underwhelming. Although it does make for some good people watching on a Saturday night.
4	My group came here for our pre-clubbing dinner.  We had reservations, so we were able to be seated fairly quickly.  We shared the Caesar salad and fried calamari for our starters.  I ordered the Roasted Pork Chop with Sage and Garlic and the Crispy Fried Potatoes with Truffle Oil and Parmesan Cheese for the table to share.  My friends ordered the Penne with Chicken and Baked Lasagna.  My pork chop was delicious.  It was nice and juicy, and the fontina cheese and prosciutto stuffing gave it an extra burst of flavor.  There were caramelized apples which gave it a sweet flavor and complimented the pork chop very well.  The truffle fries are a must.  They were super crispy and the Parmesan cheese and truffle oil made my mouth water.  We didn't finish all the fries, so I packed them to go and they still tasted super good later even though they got cold.The prices are reasonable considering its Vegas.  Its not the place to go if you're looking for a cheap meal, but it also won't break the bank.
3	Went to Stratta (Wynn) for dinner on Wed. August 11th. Very pretty restaurant, we were sat in the back section and the noise level was fine for normal conversation. The waitress come to take our drink order and we order a bottle of wine, then we make our first mistake, the waitress asked if we were ready to order and we said no. We did not see her again for a 1/2 hour. Finally we order our aps and get the clams casino(5 clams). Mine were great nicely fire roasted and very flavorful. My friend were also really good until she found some shell in clam 3 but was able to remove the shell bits from her mouth. Well she gets to clam 4 and "crunch" she found more shell but this time also broke her tooth. We tell the waitress who sends over the manager. The manager comes over and says that we will send over security for an incident report. While we wait for security we order dinner. I get the pork chop which was very good and she gets the linguini with clam sauce. Again the food was great. After we eat security shows up and takes their report. For desert we order a chocolate toffee cake, good but not great. Then we wait until finaly we have to ask someone to send over our waitress so that we can get the check. Guess what everything is on the check. I am not one that looks for hand outs but after a broken tooth you would think that they would at least pick up desert. Total time for diner with our painfully slow waitress 3.5 hours, yes you saw that right. So lets reviewThe Good, The food was greatThe Bad, Painfully slow serviceThe Ugly, Broken tooth with "oh sorry that happened" from the manager  Follow up from Manager  "Clam shell isn't foreign to Clam shells" so they will not pay to fix her tooth.
4	Had a late night dinner at Sratta. There was a line in a restaurant so we sat at the bar. Service was fast and pizza extremely delicious. I had Bosco pizza - wild mushrooms with truffle oil. I will be coming back for it over and over again. $16 price tag for it is reasonable for Las Vegas.Highly recommend.
4	We were supposed to arrive in vegas around 9:30pm but due to some major delays we arrived over an hour late. We checked in hopped on yelp looking for some good eats before bed. I had planned to head to Ferraro's but my motivation to drive was gone. We found that stratta was still open (it was about 1230am when this occurred) and headed down. It seems quite a few other people realized they still served food at this late hour and there was a short wait. The staff was great but the loud obnoxious fat little female smoke stack in front of me was quite annoying. She was running her mouth and blowing smoke in me and my wifes face thank god she finally walked away to go blabber with her friends some more. After a short wait we were seated. Asked what type of water we preferred and given our menu's. AtmosphereThe dining room was dark, busy, full of life, and very nice. It had a modern feel and comfortable seating. It was not very large and had a very intimate feel. The servers are very quick and are always around when needed. The air is clean, the music quietly present, and the conversation lively. We went late at night so it is hard to say what it is like at other hours but the place was buzzing on that thursday evening.ServiceOur waiter was very busy but I never felt like I was being neglected or was waiting very long. Our glasses never got more then half empty and our needs were reverified at regular intervals enough that we felt cared for but not to the point we were annoyed. The waiter was knowledgeable and provided solid food recommendations. His choice was a hit and me and the wife really enjoyed our time there.The FoodOur selectionsThe Bosco Pizza and French FriesThe bosco pizza was outstanding me and my wife love mushrooms and the puree of them really made the mushrooms present in every single bite. The crust was thin and crispy the ricotta and mozzarella blended spectacularly. The truffle oil added a nice rich flavor to the pizza and gave it a high class kick. It was stellar pizza and well worth the money. The fries were not bad but were just missing something and I know exactly what that is. Covering fries in parmigiana cheese and truffle oil is great but it needs some sort of dip. If they would have provided a nice aioli on the side this would be one hell of a dish. Without that I was left with tasty fries that were just too dry to really enjoy and too elegant to smother with ketchup. Final thoughtsA 4.45 star dining experience but not quite a 5. If you are up late and hungry and want something a little fancy give this place a shot.
4	My boyfriend and I had just awoken from a long nap that lasted from 6pm-midnight and we were starving! We went downstairs (@ the Encore) to find some midnight snacks expecting nothing but snackage to be available at such a late hour. How wrong we were! To our pleasant surprise, one of the security guards in the Casino suggested Stratta.Restaurant decor: classy, clean, good for couples, small groups, even large tables available for big groupsService: Excellent, attentive, promptFood: Very Good. We ordered Spaghetti and a Rib Eye steak, made exactly the way we ordered it. The only thing that wasn't good was the garlic bread...a little too much oil that made it soggy. But it was still decent.Price: High, but to be expected from vegas so no points docked from this category.I would definitely come back here again. I usually don't like spaghetti dishes because of the sauce. For some odd reason I just don't like tomato sauce with tomatoes in it...but the sauce in this particular spaghetti dish was delicious! It was was an odd color orange...but good. If you're staying at the Encore or a nearby hotel and just want real food for a late light snack and not a bag of nuts and berries from the 24 hr cafe, come here!
3	Went here for some late night eats, and to check out what they had for Vegan offerings.  Spoiler: I wasn't terribly impressed, especially for the prices.They DO have a special diets menu (points for that), including separate sections for vegan, nut-free, and gluten-free dishes.  The staff also seemed very well-informed.What WASN'T great wasn't even that they didn't have any real vegan dishes (just pizza and pastas that they left the cheese off of).... it was that the dishes just weren't executed terribly well.  We got the mushroom pizza with truffle oil and penne with chunky tomato sauce.  The pizza crust was great !!! Perfectly cooked and tasty.  The pizza was covered in a mushroom pate of sorts, and was all right, but I didn't really taste any truffle oil.  The pasta was terrible.  Not sure who decided that the very simple tomato sauce should be flavored only with a buttload of marjoram, but that was a pretty bad decision.  Who likes marjoram that much?? Certainly not me, nor either of my dining companions.  And it was a pretty small portion.... thankfully, as I hate wasting food.... for $20.  The omnivore of the group had a Caesar salad and pasta with meatballs that he quite enjoyed (apparently they spared the marjoram on that dish).  We also got some pretty good wines (by the glass).  The service was great, even though it was quite packed; no complaints there!So, if you're vegan and looking to eat at Wynn, all the restaurants have at least one vegan option... and this is probably far from your best option.
5	Looking for an affordable Vegas meal with great "people watching"?If so, this is right up your alley. You will find that the kitchen is open all night and the staff is truly "At Your Service".Sit back and watch every type of person you might find in a classy Vegas casino, all from the comfort of the tables in the lounge area across from the bar.You gotta love it!
4	Wow, real good. As expected it would be but this place really delivered on service, food quality and presentation. The beef carpaccio was crazy good. Just lightly seasoned with a little oil with a nice pile or arugula and artichoke in the middle. The beef actually melted in your mouth. No joke. They didn't show veal piccata on the menu but I asked and they said the chef will make it for me. He did and it was excellent. Others had the osso buco and the rigatoni and said it was fantastic. The desserts were also crazy good, decent size portions of everything so everyone was full. I would so go here again.
2	Came here late at night.  Late menu looked decent.  Prices were decent.Food was mediocre.  My steak was very dry and tasteless.  I asked for medium it came out well done.  The fries were wonderful however.  The pulled pork benedict was just a bit weird.  It didn't really work.  The service was nice, attentive, and the decor is nice.  There have to be better late night options in the Wynn than this place.  We were going to walk down the street, but were simply too lazy.  Probably should have just ordered room service.
4	Stratta is the 24/7 dining option for those who love the Wynn. I've eaten here 4-5 times for different reasons: late family adventure, after partying dining, and after interview snack with fellow interviewees. The ambiance of Stratta is great: dark lit, yet open towards the casino. Reminds me of a club scene. Stratta's menu changes depending on the time of day so be ready to adjust your taste. I usually go for the safety of a caesar salad with chicken and a side of french fries...to counter balance the deadly health food, hah! The lettuce is always crisp, the dressing has a creamy-tang to it (might have anchovies), and the fries are perfect.The service FROM THE WAITERS, WAITRESSES, and BARTENDERS were all excellent. My major gripe with this place are with the hostesses, we waited a good hour in the cafe next door while the same hostess threw a fit about being swamped while half the tables (in the open area) lay unfilled (this happened every time we went to Stratta). I recommend this place to people who love the Wynn and everyone who needs a late night snack after partying in Blush and Tryst.
4	I stumbled across this place, literally, after taking my drunk cousin out of Tryst because he didn't eat dinner before the Patron shots! I ordered the short ribs sandwich, and I must say it was excellent! Good taste, good size (although I probably could have eaten another one at that point in the night), and I love the fact that they are open late. The host and waiter was super nice too!
2	OK, the star dings are mainly for the service, which was non-existant.  The steak and eggs I ordered early in the AM were fantastic, but at those prices (25-30 bucks), service should match.  I couldn't even find our damn waitress for a drink refill (ordered some iced tea and some water).  It was terrible, comically bad. I tweeted my dissatisfaction and wynn's tweeter account were very accommodating and responded to me, which was nice.  hopefully they got their act together or fired our waitress, who was just horrible. It wasn't just our table either.
5	OMG, it's incredible! This is a casual ALEX, with a twist of Alinea. Go!
2	2.5 stars...This place obviously uses its location as an excuse to upcharge their patrons up the wahzoo.  It's all italian dishes.. very small portions, unimpressive, regular flavors.. Ordered rigatoni w/meatballs.  Sauce unimpressive.  Helping was puny.  Tried other ppl's dishes, they were ok, but not worthy of the price tag. Told the waiter specifically what time we needed to leave in order to make our appointment.  He confidently told me not to worry and he'll surely get us out on time.  I had trouble finding him the rest of the night and ten mins before we had to be at our appointment,  I was scrambling to flag anyone down to give us the check so I can make our party of over 20 pay ASAP to get out.
4	Oh. My. God. After stumbling around Vegas for the day, nursing a hang over, we decided to try this gorgeous restaurant. (Which is open all night! Like really all night! Until 6am.... Vegas is fantastic.) We were seated after a 10 minute wait while they opened (which consisted of them staring at everyone asking to be seated). The ambiance was beautiful and simple. It was nice to be able see out into the casino but still feel a little romantic. We started with the Arugula, endive and goat cheese salad. It was fantastic. Crisp and fresh and the corn was a fantastic touch. I then had the scallops, which were so fresh and bouncy. I wanted to devour and savor all at the same time. It was a truly fantastic meal, worth the price. And yes, it is on the expensive side BUT what are you expecting from a restaurant in the Wynn? And it's not like there wasn't a menu right outside the entrance, listing the prices. Don't go in if you don't like the prices. I was a little annoyed at how we were first treated when we sat down. Yes, we are in our 20's and yes we wore jeans but that shouldn't stop you from thinking we don't have money to spend. And we did.... but it was a fantastic meal, well worth it.
4	I wasn't looking for anything that would empty my wallet the last night I was in Vegas so my friend and I ventured into this 24 hour bar/restaurant, strolling through the Wynn, trying to find something to eat at 10 o clock on a Monday night.  I was very surprised that the Wynn had a restaurant that didn't cost me and my date over $80.  I wouldn't say that the food they serve would be what I considered meals but they were definitely hefty portions of snacks. (e.g. meat ball sandwich, pasta, etc.).  My favorite dish I ordered here was the truffle fries.  MMMMMM YUMM.  I haven't been to many restaurants that offer truffle fries, so I was very pleased.  My meal was a meatball sandwich which at first when I ordered I expected to be plain and ordinary.  This was not the case at all.  The house prepared meatballs were also very good when we visited.  I'm not quite sure that the menu is still the same now but I would expect that their new options are just as savory.  If you also just need a place to unwind after a long weekend on the strip, this place is quiet and small.
4	I only came here to grab a glass of red wine but I was very impressed by how friendly the bartenders were.  I wish I had had a chance to eat here because I heard from some industry friends that they had good meals here.  Thank you to the bartenders for probably being the best in the Wynn. :)
4	3 1/2 stars. some of the food was really good and service was great.make sure when they tell u the specials to ask how much it is . the entrees range from $20 to $40. the special for that night was the osso bussco risitto (assuming it was less then $40 bucks, but no it was $55 bucks and wasn't even that great) if it was realllly good then ok fine, but the osso busso was tough...but the rest of the food was pretty goodbeef caparcio-very freshsea bass-my favorite and best dish of the night. cooked to perfection and came with some vegesshort ribs-tender, but was drenched with too much sauce.
4	Super fan! After a business meeting at Eastside lounge, we wanted to go eat and at 2:30am, there's only few options:1) drive to Spring Mountain. 2) Society Cafe 3) StrattaWe weren't willing to drive and since Society was closed til 3am; Stratta it is.The wait staff was super nice especially for dealing with drunk people all night. Had to have steak and eggs (like South Point), pizza, egg white omelete, and lobster benedict.All were BOMB.COM. Kinda pricey but, the reps were paying so who really cares =) lol
5	I don't think I could find a fault with our meal if I tried. From sitting down to walking out the experience at Stratta was very memorable, mostly thanks to our server Adam. The restaurant is considered one of the Wynn's moderate restaurants, but the meal can add up quickly if you go for a full meal. It is decorated very nicely...we tried to determine if there is a theme, but finally settled on that it is simply meant to have a contemporary decor.My wife and I started with a glass of wine each and ordered the ricotta ravioli as an appetizer. It was the perfect amount to start a meal (5 ravioli's). They also brought out a selection of breads with pesto dipping sauce, which was a nice touch. For our entrees, my wife had the scallops and I had the veal parmesan, both of which were very good. We opted to forgo dessert as we were both full after eating too much bread and dinner. In the end, wine, appetizer, entrees, tax, and tip came to about $165.
4	Went to Stratta to watch the Super Bowl. Paid $75 for a three course meal, 2 well drinks or a pitcher of beer and a seat in front of the TVs. If you ever want to watch the game in Vegas, I highly recommend this place. It was the best choice we could have made for the weekend. Totally worth it! The appetizers of buffalo wings and calamari were the perfect football watching food.... and large enough for us to share. For the main entree, I had the rigatoni and meatballs and the wife had the linguine in clam sauce. Both solid. For dessert... it came with the chocolate cake or ice cream. The vanilla ice cream was the "worst" thing we had there... it was just eh... but the chocolate cake was yummy and rich.The bartenders were great and provided awesome service. I don't know if I'd dine here during a regular trip to LV, but for the Super Bowl, this place is on top of my list.
5	5 STARS!!When i go to a new restaurant I have an initial anxiousness, because I'm very picky about foods, but when i was in Las Vegas in October of 2009 I stayed at the Encore and the concierge recommended we eat here the first night.As soon as we sat down, everything was perfect.The wait staff, the table, and especially the decor.It's a beautiful restaurant that spares no expense to make it that way.We started our meal with their Fried Calamari (comes out hot and crispy, and tastes very fresh)For dinner I ordered the: Shrimp 'Fra Diavolo' - spaghetti with roasted shrimp in a spicy-garlic tomato sauce.Oh my goodness!! When it arrived, the aroma alone made me salivate, and it was amazing from the first bite to the last (which wasn't even the entire meal because I couldn't eat anymore)Pros:Beautiful decorQuietLocated in the hotel, so it's easily accessibleCons:A little pricey (but you get what you pay for)
1	I would put zero stars if I could. Didn't eat the food on principle alone. My wife and I walked to the restaurant and asked for a table. It was 5pm and the hostess informed us that they do not open until 530pm and was asked nicely to return. When we returned at 530pm we were told that ALL tables were reserved until 7pm. This was the same hostess that asked we return at 530pm! Why didn't she tell us when we first got there at 5pm?!! VERY BAD service. We were told that bar seating was available for first come first serve. On principle, my wife and I didn't even bother staying. I definitely give this place ZERO stars.
1	Grade: F for (no) serviceCame by at 5:00pm on Friday night, was told that they open at 5:30pm and asked to return then. We walked around, came back at 5:30pm and the same hostess asked us whether we had reservations. We didn't, and she said they were booked until after 7:00pm. We totally understand being fully reserved, but why have us return at 5:30pm? My husband was upset that they didn't tell us the first time we were there. I would expect better service from a Wynn restaurant. We went to Botero Steak instead and had a great meal & fun time. So maybe I should have given Stratta 5 stars for saving us the trouble of having to deal with their sub-par service.
2	Went here for a birthday as a party of nine. There was really nothing special about this meal. If I had to choose a highlight, it would be the sweet potato fries, but you can get the same at a lot of fast food places. Of the party of nine, half of the group enjoyed their food, and the other half thought the flavors were nothing special or too strong. My very expensive marrow dish of some sort was very strong, which made for a good first bite, but made it impossible to finish. The restaurant is nice, but the fact that the entire restaurant runs along one of the main walkways to the casino makes it feel like it was squished in there and takes away from the ambiance. There is absolutely no value in this place. I would not recommend.
5	I don't understand why this place has such a low rating.!! I tried this place out on Monday of this week and I've been craving it ever since. My bf had the steak and eggs- 2 thumbs up, I had the fetuccini alfredo- also 2 thumbs and we shared the black truffle french fries- those were insanely delicious!!!! This was one of the few places on the strip that was open for a late dinner.. and I am super glad we chose it!
3	Mixed bag. We went because of all the positive Yelp reviews.  Best:  vegan salad, green bean side, and whole wheat pasta w veg bolognese sauce. Not so good:  seared salmon, dry and not a great cut of fish. Liked the people watching inside the Wynn but could have done without the drunks shouting at a nearby blackjack table (guess it was their lucky night).
5	A fun restaurant, also fun for people watching! Love my salmon dinner, and the desserts were pretty yum. Watch over your kids though, because this restaurant isn't really "gated" and therefore little kids can sneak through the side curtains! Had to chase my brothers a couple of times. Also great for a non-touristy restaurant atmosphere! 86 those tourists...
4	Food are little bit salty but the service is great. If you prefer something more special to try than buffet. Stratta would be a not bad to try. I highly recommended the tata beef appetizer.
2	We went to Stratta because it was between "The Drugstore Cafe" and this place at 2am and Stratta seemed more appealing. There were five of us and we were seated right away. Problem! no menu for about 5 minutes. When we finally grabbed one of the staffs and asked her, she said 'your server will be right with you' and sure enough, our server got us menus. We ordered a couple of drinks and 4 dishes. Drinks were okay. Nothing special, even though they were specialty drinks of the place. Now to the food, the best of out of all was the caesar salad. All the ingredients were fresh and everything was put together well, but it is a salad. Margherita pizza was pretty good, nothing special though. I wasn't a big fan of their Fried Calamari on the other hand. It was just too greasy, and all the calamari was sliced into too small of pieces. Truffle fries were a bit too greasy as well, but it wasn't terrible or anything.Their service could use some improvements. I didn't have a set of silverware so I asked for one, but our server ended up forgetting (or was too busy) so I had to ask again when the food hit the table. Then later on, I ordered another drink and it never came. I asked our server what happened (politely) and she apologized and offered to bring it out then but I said it was ok. I don't mind when staffs make a mistake, but when it is repeated, that's when I get frustrated. Overall, the food was mediocre, the service needs to be improved, but the atmosphere of the restaurant is pretty cool.
4	The food here was delicious and great atmosphere...we were a large and rowdy group but our waiter took care of us splendidly. The apps were great!
2	I have a very good feeling that a lot Stratta's business comes from the fact it is is open till the wee hours of the night and for Wynn hotel guests who return from a night debauchery, its an insanely convenient place to refuel. For convenience, I give this place 14 stars, but for the quality of the actual food, it's just nothing special. Now, I like staying at the Wynn so I can pretty much guarantee I will end up eating at Stratta many, many more times. I suppose its possible the execution of the regular dinner menu is much better, but I 'm not  sure. However, if you are looking for some late night eats, Stratta is likely to be one of your only convenient options so just stick to the basics pizza and pasta... you'll appreciate the extra carbs the next morning.
5	What the...&*%$!!!The Bosco pizza is freakin' ridiculous.  The white truffle oil will put you over the edge.  Just when you thought pizza couldn't get any better you found out it could. The pizza was so good, we came back the very next night for the Bosco again!  It was seriously like crack, and the BEST crack out there! For dessert the Tiramisu and Bambolini (small donuts filled with nutella) were the icing on top of an already VERY satisfying experience. Amazing food, wonderful service, open super late, and great ambiance!Seattle needs a Stratta...seriously.
4	Came to dinner.. After reading some horrible reviews. I must say, it was great. We shared scallop entree, bruscetta, the special of the day- braised short rib, and the lasagna. All was really great. I try to not eat at the same place twice, for the sake of trying new places, but if I need to, ill be happy to come here again. And oh yeah, the bosco pizza was great. Thin and with the best ingredient- truffle oil.
1	In fairness to Stratta this review is for the late night menu - we ended up eating there at about 12.30 or 1.00am when there were really no other options ( that we knew about) close by. Boy, it was horrible.Bland over priced pasta. Basic flavorless burger. Maybe if we had been drinking all day and all night we would have enjoyed it more - but it was a terrible start to our Vegas weekend.
4	4 starts only for the Bosco pizza. They're alfredo pasta sucks (its some red sauce base). I love truffle oil!!
4	Late night 20 oz. Bone-In Rib Eye is mouth-watering and totally hits the spot!Now yes, it is quite pricey, but if you're staying here it's actually very reasonable and super convenient.  Service is attentive and friendly.  Food is hot and good.  The calamari wasn't rave worthy but served with a tasty dipping sauce and piping hot.  Great midnight snack after a night of clubbing/gambling.
5	I didn't like the fact that this was a casual place in the Wynn. Our first choice was SW but our late arrival made us dine here.Thank god cause the food was delicious and the service was impeccable.I got the veggie bolognese and procuitto pizza and the warm goat cheese salad.Perfect entrees for a 2 person dinner.Although I would have like to have been seated inside since the people walking by was bothering me but that was probably my only complaint.If you're looking for tasty filling meals while staying in VEGAS, stratta can accommodate your needs.Everything on the menu seemed like it would be a delicious choice and from the items I ordered it was true.
2	We stayed at Encore and walked over to the Wynn for dinner.  We'd made reservations and were treated very well by the attentive hostess.  Our bartender was Kao:  friendly, fantastic & efficient!  Our server was Jaime and she as excellent as well.Unfortunately, the food never measured up to our expectations.  I ordered the Corsa Salad with Warm Goat Cheese and had to send it back as the goat cheese was rancid.  Our server quickly replaced it with a Cesar Salad, but the dressing just didn't hit the mark.  My husband order the Steak Tartare appetizer and found it way too big (looked like a giant burger on the plate) and tasteless.  As entrees, my simple pasta was acceptable and his Crispy Chicken Wild Mushroom Risotto was the biggest disappointment.  The risotto stood on the plate like a scoop of mashed potatoes, the chicken was NOT crispy and the wild mushrooms were not hydrated properly and the stems were woody and chewy.Sadly, this was our anniversary dinner and the meal did not create the right type of memories.  Thank goodness for the good company and the wonderful bottle of Chianti.
4	Is the food great? So-So. But you can't go wrong either. For a great spur of the moment place, and sticking to basics (Margarita pizza), you can't go wrong. f you stick at the bar, and have the fortunate pleasure to have Keao you're very luck. Very professional, yet personable at the same time. She has taken care of us a few times. Always a PRO! Oh, I find this place to be very fair in price too!
4	The meal here was pleasant and easy. I had reservations and the hostess took us right to our table. We sat down and had some cocktails and beer along with water. Great brushchetta appetizer! I ordered the baked lasagna which was delicious and my guest ordered vegetarian pasta. The best part of the night was the delish caramel apple tart dessert. I've never had anything like it. Go for drinks and dessert at least. Prices are crazy high, but what do you expect for a restaurant at the Wynn.
4	It was 2 am on a Monday Morning - Needed to eat our last meal in Vegas-Late night menu didn't feature too many options so we chose to order a pizza and some garlic knots. The Garlic knots were not that impressive- should have coaxed the group to let me get meatballs. They were just pieces of bread, soaked in pesto with parmesan cheese and a hint of garlic. In other words, the garlic presence wasn't strong enough for my tastes.But I will say that the Bosco Pizza was really good. 6 slices of White Truffle Oil and cheese on thinly crusted dough. I would go back just for this. But it seemed like nothing else was that impressive...
4	We stayed at Encore and after realizing we didnt wanna stand in line at XS we decided food was the next option. Stratta is opened late and I was definitely craving pizza or something with red sauce lol...I had a glass of Merlot and the Spaghetti and Meatballs which is definitely big enough to share...I really wanted to go back and try the pizza....The ambience seemed very elegant and romantic like the hotel Wynn itself.Our waitress was very nice and had a lovely smile. You can even see the chefs cooking it up back there i guess they call that a wood grill pizza oven ;) I would go back bc its late night and its still good and not too heavy
4	Glad we found this spot bc I had been craving Italian the entire day so we wen there and shared a plate of spaghetti n meatballs. Very good and not heavy... The only thing was weird is it didn't have much flava! But I respect that bc I'm southern and we add alot to our food. The wine menu was pretty good and our server was very cute and nice! If I remember I'd definitely go back to try that pizza they make in the wood oven thing
3	After a few hours of gambling it was time for a hearty dinner. The pastas were okay, but a little too oily. Sometimes you want to be able to taste all the ingredients and not just the oil. Then again my fettuccine could of been just really heavy because of the egg yolk that was placed on top. Interesting, but disguised the flavors. The interior of the restaurant is pretty cool, but it's located right near a bunch of poker tables and a major walkway. So even though you're in the restaurant you kinda feel exposed by all the lookie loos.
3	Only 3 stars because I've been here twice and had two opposite experiences. 1st time it was at 1am this was my first place I went to in Vegas. Had their margarita pizza with their I believe Ginger tequila cocktail. The drink was very tasty so was the pizza, also tried their wings which were good. The restaurant was busy but the service was spot on. 2nd time, the next day I had ordered their clam pasta. When I was eating it I felt I should of added mushrooms, I even added the pesto sauce to since it was so plain. My date had got the lasagna. He said it tasted like it was packaged /frozen. I was wondering where the waiter was for a few times... The second meal there was just annoying.
1	Strike out! Awful late night menu with terrible pizza and a chicken breast that looked like it had just come from mcdonalds. $100 that was a waste!
3	This review is based on my first visit here on 7/23/11.  When I arrived to the hotel, I was surprised that the restaurant was located in a very busy corner near where you purchase La Reve tickets; however when you walk inside the restaurant the atmosphere changes.  The lights are dim and the decor is simple and elegant.  The kitchen is somewhat open and it was fun to watch the chef, the cooks, and the runners in action.  Our server was attentive and friendly.Cocktail of choice: Pitcher of Margarita (pear I think).  It makes about 4 glasses and was served on the rocks.  It was sweet, sour, and tangy with just the right alcohol.  It would have been better if the glass ring was salted.Bread basket was yummy but served cold.  The best part was the fresh pesto dip it was served with.Appetizer (Special): Trio of artichoke hearts.  Approximately 2-3 pieces each were fried, raw, and stuffed with goat cheese.  My favorite was the stuffed artichoke.  Wish there was more of the brown balsamic sauce on the plate as the raw artichoke could have used it.  The fresh pesto was a good substitute though.Soup: Pasta E. Fagioli: Good portion but this again to me was just so so.  Tasted a bit bland and could have used fresh Parmesan and fresh crushed pepper corns but it was not offered.Entree: Pasta Carbonara: I know that the pasta here is suppose to be made fresh daily and that was what I was so excited to come here for; however the fettuccine seemed so thick and was hard to chew,  I couldn't tell if it was fresh or not.  It was served with 2 egg yolks on the top which made the sauce even creamier.  Also a good sized portion.This visit was just A-ok for now but I will return to try the Bosco pizza everyone keeps raving about and write an addendum...maybe with more stars.
1	Maybe I'm spoiled being from Chicago, where I believe the best Italian food in the world comes to life, but Stratta was a major disappointment.First, we were about 20 minutes late for our reservation, so we lost our table.  Totally understand that, but the somewhat snotty response of the hostess wasn't necessary.Next, the restaurant does have a very small gluten free menu, which was helpful for my husband with celiac disease.  The menu includes gluten free pasta, which is what my husband ended up ordering.  He enjoyed it, but the price was over $20..so ridiculous and the portion didn't even compensate.I ordered the margharita pizza.  It was pretty much a thin, overly salty mess.  Again, coming from Chicago, my expectation with pizza is high, and this didn't even come close to passable.Our total bill for pizza, pasta, two sodas, and a small caprese salad was over $70.  Yes, this restaurant is in the Wynn, so I expected the price, I just didn't expect such poor quality.  Skip this restaurant...even the Maggiano's chain would be a 100% better food experience.
3	After a night of XS, this is one of the few places open 24 hours at the Wynn.   We had to wait 30 minutes for a table at 4:30 AM. Yup, 4:30 AM.. the feet are killing, the table needs to be cleared before we can sit down and the busboy is slow as molasses.  It was torturous watching him methodically place down each wine glass, fork, knife, one by one...Moving on, their pizzas are actually really quite good - thin crust, nice char, minimal but tasty toppings.  The bosco was my favourite - white truffle oil, mushroom puree, cheese.The margherita was well executed, a bit too much cheese and not enough fresh basil though.One downer was the chicken breast sandwich they served us was pink in the middle.  We asked for it to be taken off the bill and they obliged without an issue.Overall, if time is of the essence and you're starving in the middle of the night and the cab line is going down the block - it's not the worst choice you can make to eat here!
5	Despite the fact that I had the worst dish of all of us (fettucine carbonara- which was 3-3.5 star at best unless you had a some prosciutto in your bite, which then transformed it into a legit 4.5 star.  *Note to chefs... more meat will make this sucker great), the other 4 dishes in our party were top-shelf.1) Macaroni au gratin was phenomenal.  A bit of subdued spice in the taste, a great layer of crunchy-melty cheese on top.  We scraped the pan dry.2) Friend's bacon cheeseburger was awesome.  Got one bite and was convinced.3) Wife's meatball sub.... drool.  The bread was soft yet still had a bit of crunch, and the meatballs were fantastically seasoned to perfection. 4) Didn't try the other friend's lobster/shrimp angel hair pasta but he loved it, and said it was uber-generous with the seafood, unlike some places where you get only a few bits.5) Chocolate toffee cake for dessert was good.  I wanted caramel apple tart but was shouted down by two ravenous females in their neverending quest for chocolate.*All of this is the late-night menu, starting after 10:30.  Highly, highly recommended.
4	Ate here alone at the bar latenight after partying at Surrender at Encore. I had the Mac N Cheese and a goat cheese salad. I ate by myself at the bar. Annoying to have guys hitting on me while I'm trying to get my latenight chow down on. I mean seriously it's the end of the night. This moron sees me eating and drinking a water and orders me a long island iced tea of all things, without even asking me if I want a drink and what I like. Figures, the guy was middle eastern where they are used to women not having an opinion. I sent him on his way and the bartender saw the whole thing go down and when the guy left he told me he would apply the cost of that drink to my bill. He felt bad I was hassled. So the Mac N Cheese ended up on the house. Only made it taste better. I'd totally come here for a meal next time in Vegas. Good stuff and open late!!
2	The idea of a nice Italian dinner before the night began sounded great. Unfortunately, this place is a disappointment. The appetizers looked and were delicious (buratta and salads). The entrees left an awkward silence. We got had. However this appreared to be the jam late night... So maybe if I was really really drunk, on drugs, and ordered french fries (can you fuck that up?) this place would be tight. Till then I'm goodie.
4	Sadly, I didn't come here after a night at XS...I, actually, came here just for the steak and eggs lolThey are just as yummy as I remember. Worth every single penny!AND they taste just as amazing the next day for a late brunch =)Got a chance to try their salad (my friend ordered it) and it's her fave!Tried the spaghetti and meatballs (another friend ordered it) and now he craves those damn meat balls!!!
4	pre-show dinner.  Excellent food and great service.
4	I went with a group of 7 people for dinner; seated after a couple minutes with no reservations on a Saturday night.The ambiance of the restaurant was quite nice -- inside the restaurant it's quiet and relaxing, but you can look out and see the casino floor and various people headed to clubs, shows, etc. -- if you sit in the right place, it's endless entertainment.The food was good to great; starting with great bread with pesto, and a selection of fairly standard appetizers (the steak tartare was excellent), and entrees ranging from pizzas to pasta to meat and fish.  Nothing was incredibly creative or novel, but it was all quite tasty (with the exception of one side pasta dish which was undercooked, but this seemed to be an exception and was taken off the bill).  Unfortunately we didn't have room for dessert, and were going to to an event with an open bar, so we didn't get to try that.  Service was excellent too.It's definitely expensive, but IMO quite worth it, especially given the extended operating hours and location.
2	Service is slow. Hostesses are haughty. The food is just ok. There are many better places to spend $60 / per person in Las Vegas.
5	I don't understand why Stratta only has a 3.5 star rating on yelp. Granted I've only been here for their late night fare but the 3x ive been here, our food fell nothing short of delicious. Usually I always end up at stratta after clubbing at xs (since its right around the corner if you go towards the Wynn). So I've only really been here anywhere from 2-5am. It should get +1star for merely being open until the wee  hours of the morning. Usually there's about a 15-30min wait around this time since the crowd is usually post club-goers. Get the BOSCO PIZZA. It'll change your life. Mushroom puree, truffle oil and goat cheese. It's simple, and it'll change the way you feel about any other pizzaThe meatballs are also a standard staple as well as their fries tossed with parmesan cheese and parsley. They also have an amazing "STRATTA SALAD" on their vegan menu which is amazing. its made with arugala, corn, roasted mushrooms and avocado and tossed in a light balsamic dressing. Seriously, this is my go-to late night restaurant in vegas.
5	Great food! We had a warm goat salad, bruschetta, fusilli and crab, and crab crusted halibut. Amazing!! Drinks are expensive, but you are at the Wynn. Great service!
4	With so many high-end restaurants to choose from in Vegas, it's hard to go wrong with picking the right restaurant. A group of co-workers and I decided to have dinner at Stratta, an Italian restaurant at the Wynn. Located right next to the Casino floor the decor and ambiance at Stratta is not as upscale/unique as other Vegas venues, but it's the food that's impressive.We ordered a variety of appetizers ranging from calamari to pizza, all of which were very good (all of which were decently priced).For my main I decided to order the scallops with a side of truffle fries. The scallops were amazing! Served in a creamy white sauce each scallop was as delicious as the last! And OH the truffle fries. Simply spectacular--all fries should be served with truffle oil!Stratta is the perfect place to get your Italian fix.
4	We loved the pizza/food at Stratta. Its open really late and is perfect for your after gambling-after dancing-possible still drinking needs. The Bosco pizza with truffle oil and mushrooms was amazinnnngg. Rich and delicious. I wish we could have taken it back to the room but we had no fridge! This is the perfect place to split a salad and pizza and get out of there for less than $50, which in itself is a Vegas miracle.  My only reason for -1 star is they were really understaffed the Thursday night we were there at about 2am. We had probably 4 servers and none of them knew what the other had brought us, taken our order, etc. But, no wait to get seated and everyone was nice.
4	Been here 3 or 4 times and it has not let me down. Prices are kind of high but you are in Vegas at the Wynn.  Can't go wrong with the specials and the filet medallions are excellent, love the 4 cheese macaroni as a side. The tiramisu is always awesome.
1	Terrible service, terrible food combined with insane prices, what more do I need to say??  A glass of wine for $15 that should be $5, a hamburger for $16 that should be $4??  These people giving it four and five star reviews must be drunk after a night at the clubs in the Wynn and Encore!
4	We dined here last Monday before an early morning flight back to Chicago! They have a late night menu that extends until 6 am, which was a great option for us!  Good food, and watching the still intoxicated post-clubbing crowd was highly entertaining.We really enjoyed the eggs and sausage and quatro formaggio pizza with pesto.  I will come back just for this fabulous pizza!  Service was a bit off.  We were seated at the bar, as all of the tables were full.  Our bartender was not familiar with the menu or computer system,as this was not where he usually worked in the Wynn.  He was VERY nice, but it seems odd that the manager could not take a couple of minutes to familiarize him with the dining options!  Highly recommend and will be back!!
5	My husband and I stayed at the Encore for our one year anniversary. We got in late Friday night and didn't have reservations anywhere. When we were strolling through the Wynn we noticed Stratta and decided to put our name in. Although it was an hour wait, we did some walking around, people watching and waited at the bar for the last 20 minutes. The wine is relatively priced and the bartenders were very attentive. Once we were seated we had instant attention from our server. We ordered the calamari which was awesome! They bring fresh bread and pesto that is to die for while you wait for your entree. I ordered the pepperoni  thin crust pizza and my husband ordered the spaghetti bolognese. The pizza was incredible and my husbands pasta was delicious (home made pasta!). We would return in a heartbeat! Delicious food and outstanding service!
4	Stopped in the first night for drinks and to see a game which was on the TV over the bar. Flatbreads looked so good we had to order one and split to take the edge off. Ultra this crust and very tasty topping. Great service at the bar. So much so that we decided to go back the next night to watch a game and dine at the bar. Food was prepared very nicely and was tasty. A little pricey but to be expected at the Wynn.
4	Dinned hear for my last night in Las Vegas.  I sat at the bar and had a great bartender (my cousin), who introduced me to their steak, with greens.  It was an unbelievable combination.  I hear their pizza is also pretty good, but I didn't attempt it after trying to topple their steak.
4	The service was great. We were greeted by the Hostess with a welcoming smile. The servers were friendly and professional.The baked clam appetizers and arugula with warm goat cheese salad were very good. Unfortunately, the wonderful aroma of the spaghetti and meatballs did not match the flavor. Nothing exciting. The black bass was excellent. But the chorizo corn salsa that was paired with it was too overpowering and took away from the bass.Overall a trendy and comfortable place that may be better suited for cocktails and appetizers before the show.
4	I like coming here and having a good solid meal without breaking the bank.  This last visit I sat at the bar and had lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  Two TVs above the bar to watch football games is great.The chicken caesar salad was wonderful.  A chicken breast butterflied over the lettuce with shaved parmigiano cheese.  One of the best presentations of I classic dish I've ever had.
4	Stratta is rather memorable for me.  The first time I was here, it was September 2009 during restaurant week,  and that everything was soo good, however, I never got a chance to write a review about it, so I decided to go back again.  I normally like to go to this place after dancing at XS.  So I went again this past weekend.  This place seems to always have customers, it's just a great place to hang out with friends and perhaps with a significant other for some dinner.  The thing I like most about this place is that you don't have to break the bank in order to eat here which is perfect for just about anyone who is looking to have a good time in Vegas.  I don't know what it was about the Horse radish mashed potatoes here, but I always liked getting them (I may be biased about this because I love potatoes), they were just luscious and the girls I ordered with ate the entire side dish with me.  I also ordered the Bosco pizza which was infused with truffle oil...anyone that loves mushrooms should get this dish.  :)  Remember, though my taste buds love strong flavors...I'm giving this 4 stars because I loved the small dessert platter they gave to me the first time I went here.  I was able to sample each one and they were DELIGHTFUL!  So I would have to say that the chefs did a great job in making the food and the desserts so memorable for me that I had to come back.
2	I so wanted to enjoy this, I really did. Unfortunately for my husband and I, this meal was the epitome of "Meh." We came here on our anniversary, due to the fact we have been at Alex's other restaurant that was flawless, but this restaurant seems like it's not even run by the same person. Something about the tone did not seem right; granted, we came here right when it opened because we had to catch a show, but it seemed like none of the employees even wanted to be there. In fact, 3 minutes after we were seated we got a different server. And the original guy didn't seem to be doing anything. Strange. We ended up ordering three things off of the vegan menu: a pizza to share, chicken parmigiana, & vegan bolognese. The pizza came out first and well, it was terrible. Like really, really bad. The idea was good: vegan cheese, broccolini, garlic, and caramelized onions. Yet for some reason, the dough was ridiculously bitter. I could hardly stand to put it on my tongue, it was disgusting. I have had fired pizza before but it never tasted like that.  It took us over 6 minutes for anyone to notice us - and we were only one of two tables in the restaurant. Not okay. They did take this off the bill for us and asked us if we wanted anything else, but we declined and hoped that our main courses would be better.Luckily, they were. My bolognese was very good and a decent serving; my husband's chicken parmigiana was alright, but definitely not worth the hefty pricetag; mine wasn't either, but at least it was tasty. We ended the night with some dessert that was nice, but the entire visit left us wanting. I really felt like I received far better customer service actually placing our reservation through the Wynn than what I received actually being in the restaurant, and that is upsetting. After being regulars at other restaurants at the Wynn and seeing the spectacular customer service there, I expected at least the same if not better, and I got much worse. The food was alright, the price was astronomical, and the service was just not good. I will not be returning any time soon when I know Society is only a few minutes away.
2	I love how they have late hours for a fancy place, but that's about all I loved about it. My friend and I just got a pizza from here, which really wasn't very good. It was good to curb my hunger, but that's about it. Basically, it seemed like it was pizza ingredients baked upon a tortilla and the ricotta cheese atop the pizza was terrible. Wayyy too much cheese.I'm pretty sure because of our cheapness, our table was the only one without a Fiji water bottle on it. Tap worked just as well.
4	Wow this is the late night food at the Wynn? Pretty excellent service and food all around. My fettuccini carbonara w poached eggs was absolutely delicious. Pretty ridiculously nice for the late spot smack in the middle of a casino.
3	Came here for dinner before La Reve.  A cheaper, more casual dining option with great food and service.Recommend:-CRAB FUSILLI-VEAL CHOP (yea it's $55, but the breaded veal is bigger than yo head)-RAVIOLI appetizer-FREE BREAD which comes with an awesome pesto sauce
4	Bosco Pizza! Can't review anything else because I can't remember what else we ate!  I've been craving that pizza ever since we had it.  I will definitely be back for the Bosco pizza.  Mushrooms, cheese and truffle oil! Delicious!!!
2	Very mediocre food, somewhat overpriced. Not bad mind you... just not great. I wouldn't be back based on that alone.We had a reservation, but when we showed up they told us it would be "5 minutes". No big deal.  5 minutes later, they had forgotten about us entirely when we went to check on the table... after sorting out who we were and that we still had a reservation, they said it would be "just 5 more minutes".  We were eventually seated about 25 minutes later without so much as an apology.If the food was fantastic, I'd give them another go despite the service snafu... But it definitely wasn't, so I probably won't be back.
5	Ok, I dont even know where to begin.....ok I know...BOSCO!!!! This has to be the best thing I have ever eaten. Normally I'm not a pizza person, but Bosco, you've changed my mind. Coupled with cheese bread and mac and cheese, I've officially had the best carbo loading experience of my life. Yum yum yum. Stratta I'll see you asap!
5	Great place! Sad that Alex Stratta is gone!
2	Wasn't too impressedNot to sound cheap but this is by far the most I've ever spent for steak and eggs. If you live in Vegas everyone knows Steak and eggs after a loooong night of drinking is part of our culture. After leaving the club I love driving down to Tuscany for their 3.99 grave yard special steak and eggs and everyone does it. This time after leaving the club I could not make it. So I decided to sit down at Stratta. I order their late night special steak and eggs to come to my surprise it was $24.50. I said the hell with it why not, thinking it had to be one damn good piece of steak. I was definitely not impressed. It was exactly like if I went to Tuscany for their $3.99 special. Stratta served me one new york steak and 3 sunny side up eggs and some Ciabatta toast which was pretty good. Other than that not worth $24.50 but I guess its the Wynn and its Vegas so it must be expensive. The service wasn't too great either, I was dying for water so once I sat down a minute later my water was gone, I kept on trying to flag down our waiter or buser to refill my water but there was no hope. They're probably used to dealing with drunks at 3:30AM when I went but still there's no excuse to shy down on the customer service.
4	this review is for the service and the roasted beet salad only. probably one of the best roasted beet salads i've ever had. it's not cheap but what do you expect, it's a restaurant inside of wynn. i also had a bite of their calzone which was also very good. service was excellent.
4	Went back for Super Bowl 2012 cause I loved it the first time. Bill, Chris and the rest of the Statta gang did an awesome job (again). This year, the menu was different. The appetizers were ok... the salad was awesome but the bolognese fries were just meh. For the main entree... I had the pork chop. OMG it was great! I loved every bite. My wife's linguini with clams sauce was so-so... The others had the chicken parm which they liked... spaghetti was just not that great. For $75, this really is a bargain. The service is awesome and staff are really friendly. May have to make it 3 years in a row.
4	Went back to Stratta after a late night at XS for some late night drunken eats. Service was much improved from my last visit, the waiter was very helpful. Steak and eggs were excellent. And the meatball sandwich was GREAT as well with the marinara sauce.  Would return based on this visit.
1	Sad. It's sad to see a fall from grace. The company I work for awarded the Wynn its contract for our 2012 National Convention, bringing 1,450-plus guests to the hotel for our biggest gathering ever. After two nights--and bar bills exceeding thousands of dollars, hosted by some of the most charismatic bartenders on the Strip--our group was paid the ultimate disrespect by a woman (Sammie) at the Stratta, whom we assumed to be a lackadaisical hostess. Despite the fact that we had brought in close to a million dollars in revenue for the property, Sammie had it in for us, even though the place was empty at 11 pm on a Tuesday. Apparently, we weren't important enough to warrant a table...because we actually had the NERVE to seat ourselves. Sammie would not tolerate such a transgression against protocol, rudely "ejecting" us because we were all not having dinner...despite the fact that we had just spent hundreds of dollars at the bar minutes ago. Sammie, you see, profiled us as less than high rollers because we were from the automotive industry, i.e., we were not "important." When we approached Sammie the next night, she callously replied, "What...are you looking for...free drinks?!" Floored. Take your business elsewhere. If Sammie represents the face of Stratta and the Wynn (which she doesn't realize), then the nicest hotel on the Strip has an ugly stigma.
3	I ate here two nights in a row.  Why would you do that when you're in Vegas with so many good restaurants, you ask?  Read on....Night 1 - 2/22/12 - Very good.  I was in Vegas last week for a very large health care conference and the main reason for dining here twice in a row was because the crush of attendees which invaded Vegas booked up most of the other restaurants or there was an hour wait!  Luckily it was one of the least noisy places to eat and my colleague and I found a seat at the bar.  I ordered a goat cheese and shitake mushroom salad and an appetizer sized ravioli.  The salad had great flavor but I'm just not a Shitake fan and this night confirmed it as the mushrooms were cut too large and were too chewy to eat.  The ravioli was made fresh and was a perfect portion. The two mature gents behind the bar were jovial and in the right spirit and played well off of each other to make us feel at ease.  The service itself started out really well, but as the gents started to put their heads down on checking receipts, and fussing with registers, the service became very slow and it was tough to get our final bill.Night 2 - 2/23/12 - Not so much, but a bright spot emerged....I returned the next night as my colleagues left town and sat at the bar.  Two of the service staff (a 30-something dark-haired guy and a 30-something dark haired woman) were deeply entrenched in a "he-said-she-said" catch up session.  It was hard to get their attention.  I sat down right after the main menu was finished being offered so was reduced to bar food choices.  I ordered the same salad as the night before with no mushrooms and low and behold, it arrived with a few mushrooms still in it.  I scraped them aside and didn't report the error.  I ordered the appetizer sized spagetti and meatballs and it was just average.  The service was lackluster throughout, until I started chatting with the busboy.  He was a clean cut young gentlemen who was extremely polite and only spoke when I spoke to him.  I asked him how long he had been working for the Wynn.  He said he was a floater and that today was his first day working in this particular restaurant.  I asked him to explain how the floater set-up worked and he did very briefly.  He said although he is on call 24/7 which can be difficult, he was so grateful to be working and didnt mind the changing schedule.  He was confident it would get better and better as he gained more experience and hours and really liked working for the Wynn.  He was a very hard working bar back and it was so refreshing to see someone who appreciated his job, the work and the opportunity.  I know it must be tough at that level and only wish the upper management would take notice to his dedication and loyalty.  He was quietly charming and hugely grateful which was endearing and rescued my 2nd night at the Stratta.
2	Average food,  Overpriced.Their pizza is more like a flat bread
4	Came here on a normal weeknight with my buddies.  I looked at the menu, and I could not see the flat bread we ordered.  We wanted a flat bread and a side of meatballs as an appetizer, and the waiter suggested we put meatballs on the pizza instead.  It came out great.  I love suggestions like that.As the main course, I had the pork chop.  Thick piece, cooked well. Very juicy.  The side of cherry peppers I could do without.  They were not sweet, I couldn't eat more than 1, and there was about 20 on the plate.
3	When everything else is closed, this is the go to place at the Wynn.
2	Stratta, you know you're in the Wynn right? went with a large party, and they were the only ones that could accomodate. Food was overall OK, but wasn't worth it. clam appetizer: tasted greatSteak: solid but expensiveBlack Bass: looked better than it tastedPastas: looked and tasted like they were microwaved packaged and tossed in a bowlPork Chop: incredibly salty and both orders were sent backGo somewhere else, Wynn/Encore dining is usually much better than this.
3	We were in a rush, made reservations for 830 for the 930 le reve showing.  I knew we were tight on time and informed our server, but he still had no sense of urgency.1.  beef carpaccio - so thinly sliced; topped with onions, chives, horseradish.  I was in love and could've licked the plate clean had I been alone and no one was watching!2.  ricotta filled ravioli - cheese was so light and fluffy.  small serving of 4 pieces.  the sauce could've been more flavorful to add to the great texture.3.  maine lobster & shrimp fra diavolo - disappointed.  it was just a slightly more fancy version of boiled lobster & shrimp tossed with angel hair pasta & marinara sauce.  totally was not worth the $47 price tag.4.  pepperoni flat pizza - disappointed too.  My boyfriend is a picky eater, don't ask me why he would order such a thing at a restaurant like this, especially at the Wynn.  Something so simple was done so poorly.  Flat bread/crust was soggy.  Again, for the price we paid, this should've been way better.All-in-all; the food was decent, but for everything above; one glass of wine and an ice tea, our bill came out to about $150ish.  It wasn't worth it, but convenient considering that we had a show to catch.  Go somewhere else.
2	I had high hopes but was seriously dissapointed.  A trendy atmosphere in a casino within the high end Wynn sure be a sure application for success, right?  Unfortunately, of all the places dined at within Vegas, Alexander Stratta's lower end restaurant seriously fell flat.  Sea Bass sandwiched in onion lacked punch or drive, and I almost couldnt taste the fish.  The braised beef short rib had a great sauce . . . but the but was terrible, so much fat that you couldn't even eat it.  My waitress was cold, and the bill made my wallet weep.Do not recommend.
4	I tried Stratta back in May of 2011 and I was very pleased. My friend and I took my other friend here for his 21st birthday. The staff isfriendly, the place is fancy, the decor is modern and the food is good. I even approached the Manager and told him that it was my friends birthday and he came over to the table with a surprise dessert, on the house. The menu isn't too expansive, that's the ONLY downside. Other than that, it's a good place to eat if you're ever in Vegas.
3	I loved how classy the place was, the ceasar salad could have been much better, but the pesto pizza was delicious. The service was a little slow, we waited around a bit for our waters and our check. Overall it was great for a late night dinner!
3	I ordered the pork chop ... Salty ..crazy salty ...I told them its too salty to eat .and they will very nice to me. They changed the meatball pasta for me ..but meatball was v dry ....
5	this review is strictly for the LOBSTER FRA DIA VOLO PASTA.I've been coming here for 5 years just for this pasta. Yeah it costs 50 bucks, but i dont care. Its the best thing on the menu.I know i've had other things here, like the meat ball spaghetti, and some other things, but the LOBSTER FRA DIA VOLO is truly the best seafood pasta ever!It is slightly spicy.... i put more red peppers to make it even more spicy! yum.It comes with big nugs of lobster and big rock shrimp.stratta is pretty casual dining, they are open late, if not 24 hours. i stroll in here with a nice buzz after leaving XS...this is my vegas version of dennys. haha... yeah i guess i'm fancy :)
5	Been here several times and have never had a bad meal. This last time I had a simple margarita pizza. It was killer!  I think they added a touch of basil oil on top which was a great touch.
5	As I was having dinner at Stratta last night, I was already thinking of how to write this Yelp review. I was going to talk about the service, the food, the ambiance, the bar a bit down with the best Pisco Sour I've ever had in the US... I pretty much had a rough draft in my brain. It was funny, too. But after margaritas, Pisco Sour, sangria, tequila shots... well, that rough draft is gone. Instead, you get this: Go to Stratta. The place is in the Wynn, and automatically seemed cool to me because it does not have an overbearing presence like other strip restaurants. Not a lot of flashy lights or signs or celebrity chefs or anything of the sort, which is really cool. When we walked in, they informed us the menu would change in a bit, so we should wait and return at 10:45pm. We found the Tower Bar nearby, had some drinks, then returned to Stratta. We were promptly seated, provided with waters and menus, and given suggestions by the waiter. The service was great. It'd been a while since I'd gone to a higher-class place like this, as I usually frequent KoMex and the like, so having this level of service? NICE!We know the chef who works there (Chef Tad, who is the coolest dude ever), so we chatted with him for a second and asked some questions about the food. He sent us out the Bosco pizza which, I kid you not, may be the best pizza I've ever had. I don't want to tell you what's in it, but it's flippin' delicious. Our drinks, by the way, also did not disappoint. I had the sangria, she had the Almond Joy, which is this coconut/chocolate-flavored thing they have. The drinks were delicious and arrived quickly. Major points for the quickness. We also had the shrimp carbonara (sp?), and it was delicious. Somebody in a previous review said it tasted like microwaved food? I wish microwaved food tasted that good! It was delicious! We finished with three pieces of super sweet gelato. It was good, but there was no way I could've eaten any more after all that food!Seriously, this is probably my new favorite on-strip restaurant. I will return here and eat up the Bosco pizza like you have no idea!
5	You get 5 stars if you make me fall in love with your pesto.  OH EM GEE!!The ambiance was great!  The service was prompt, efficient and extra friendly.  The food was yummy (I had the lasagna special, which is not the same as the one listed on the menu...not sure exactly what was different...but it was GOOD!).  It must be said again...the pesto was AMAZING...and the bread that came with it was good too.  Our party also ordered a pitcher of Black Bull, which I thoroughly enjoyed!  Tasty!The pricing is what you'd expect inside Wynn on the Vegas strip...steak dishes around the $50 price range, pasta dishes in the $30 price range...It's mainly Italian and they've got yummy looking wood-fired pizza.Oh yeah...the pesto was great! hehehe ;)
3	I won't lie, for being in the Wynn and the price point I wasn't impressed at all. And I'm kind of a food snob. I took my boyfriend here while on a Vegas trip for his birthday. In the past we've enjoyed many amazing places like Todd English's Olives at the Bellagio and this time around I wanted to try a restaurant at either Wynn or Encore. My boyfriend would always talks about how the owner of both casino's, Steve Wynn, is a vegetarian (like my boyfriend) and how cool it is that every restaurant has a full vegetarian menu.My thought process: Sweet. A high end casino AND a vegetarian menu? How can this go wrong? Well the service was fine and all but when our main entree came out and it wasn't what we ordered, plus it cost an extra $10 from what we originally ordered, I wasn't exactly happy or impressed. Its fine, its $10. But really? The food was mediocre and its sad to know I knew how much the food (main entree) sitting in front of me would have cost had I just run to a Whole Foods and cooked it up myself. I paid silly amounts for it.Won't be going back but this experience won't keep me from trying some other Wynn and Encore restaurants.
5	Delicious all around! Came here for a birthday dinner with a group. We had reservations and were seated right away. I think our waiter's name was Julio and he was great! Service was fast and friendly and the food was tasty and fresh. Three of our party ordered pizza which they said was yummy, one ordered lasagna which she said was tasty as well and my bf and I ordered steaks, him the rib eye, me the new York strip. One bite of his rib eye told me I should have ordered that too, oh well mine one was good too. Also ordered a pitcher of black bull which came with real whole blackberries! Refreshing and soo yummy! We got a little mini coffee/tiramisu cake for his bday and it was incredible! The bread basket was heavenly and very gourmet, not just your average rolls/breadstick variety. It was served with THE most incredible pesto! Highly recommend Stratta, tho the vibe and location (inside the Wynn) are upscale, the attitudes were welcoming and friendly and the food was great! Expect Wynn prices of course but you won't be disappointed.
3	Overall, food is ok/good, but not sure if it's worth the price.  But then again....everything in the Wynn is pretty pricey....so this is actually one of the less pricy restaurants in Wynn with the romantic, dim-candlelight feel.Appetizer: Ordered the baked clams to share.  Basically breadcrumb-covered buttery clams.  A bit on the savory side, but still a good dish to order.Main course:  shared the scallops & the meat lasagna.  Between the two, the lasagna was better....it was cooked well (not overly soggy) & the amount of cheese was perfect...not too much.  The scallops were good, but very standard....as in you could get the same flavor/taste from any restaurant.
4	The servers were great to us and the food was very good.  I had the scallops and they were perfect. Not over cooked and the flavor was awesome. My wife had the cannelloni and said is was very good. I have a taste and the meat combination they added was really good. We didn't order anything else and the portions sizes were very good. Not to much.
5	Refreshingly AWESOME service!I'll mention that I ate here right after a horrible experience at La Cave, also in the Wynn hotel. So I was not happy, but in a little hurry to eat a decent meal.I have to say, I really didn't care for the salad I ordered, but the service, attention to detail was above and beyond. My server's name was Joe, great, attentive, friendly service. The chef, who I was told was pretty new, really went out of his way to care for his patrons. He went around to every table, greeted them, thanked them for dining in his restaurant and asked about the food. I ate alone, and got the same attention as the groups and families dining there.Hostess, bussers and water service was PERFECT!It was nice to be treated respectfully and have impeccable service. Stratta does it right! It's a beautiful spot for a romantic meal or a fun, swanky dinner & drinks with friends. I would come back again just for the service, it made all the difference.
5	If you're staying at the Wynn-  make sure you check this place out!  Super super yummy!  My stomach just couldn't expand large enough to fit all the awesome food I wanted to in there. Our table ordered-Linguini & clams- the sauce was super thin and flavorful- perfect for dunking bread into.  Clams were cooked perfectly.Carbonara- extremely rich and fabulous!!  I'd be tempted to eat this stuff for breakfast even.Strip steak- MASSIVE.  And the tomato sauce, onions, and peppers, that it was topped with just added to the incredible flavor.  Cooked to perfection.Risotto w/ seafood medley minus the risotto. My husband swapped out the risotto for linguini and a light tomato-y sauce and scored a major win- the dish looked amazing!!!
4	Loved the Linguini & Clams! I'll be back :)
5	This is the only restaurant open in the Wynn/Encore until 6 am other than "The Cafe" which is terrible pre-packaged food. I tried the cheeseburger, french fries, and garlic cheese bread. Everything we had was very good for 4am. Will definitely be back again if I'm hungry late at night!
3	We stopped here after clubbing to pick up some pizza to go because my friends RAVED about the truffle pizza. We ordered 3 truffle pizzas which were ready in only about 15 minutes and let me tell you, slot machines help make the wait time that much less painful.Unfortunately the pizza was just okay for me. Granted, it was exactly piping hot since we had to walk back to the Palazzo, but the real kicker was the size. The pizza boxes were probably about medium size, but when I opened the box, each pizza was probably the size of a sheet of paper! For $18 each!! Look the flavor was great, but almost $5 for a 4" slice of super thin pizza is kinda ridiculous. My friends were also surprised and said the pizza used to be bigger. Who knowI might be back. The pizza was good, but more of an appetizer/snack-y deal than a meal (especially a shared one!).
4	Made last minute reservations at 8pm for a party of 7 on a Saturday night. COMPLIMENTARY BREAD WITH PESTO- PESTO IS DELICIOUS. Probably the best pesto I have had. Good blend of basil leaves, pine nuts, and olive oil- fresh baked bread; either a dinner roll or a roll with a roasted tomato slice- also comes with some breadsticks (the cracker kind)LINGUINI WITH CLAMS ($28)- Roasted Manila Clams, Garlic White Wine Sauce- debated between this or the Rosotto Pescatora but GLAD I chose the Linguini- the linguini was cooked just right; great texture- the sauce was decent; which there was a stronger garlic taste- good amount of clams (I would hope so for $28)- overall was happy with my dish but wished the linguini absorbed more of the sauceRISOTTO PESCATORA ($36)- Shrimp, Scallops, Calamari, Mussels, Clams- takes a bit longer to cook- good blend of seafood- a bit too moist for my liking20 OZ. BONE-IN RIB EYE STEAK ($44)- Tomato, Mozzarella Cheese, Shaved Parmesan Cheese- very tender and juicy- if you order this, don't eat too much bread (though I know that will be hard!) since this is a big piece of meat- definitely NOT a pre-clubbing meal for a girl -- food babySERVICE: great! Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu selections. Our waters were filled appropriately. They did not hesitate to refill our bread. We had some bread leftover and felt bad for ordering extra bread when we were about 50% full BEFORE receiving our entrees. We asked for a box to bring the bread back to our room. We thought they would package the leftover bread but instead they gave us a whole NEW batch of fresh, warm bread. ENVIRONMENT: classy but then again it is in the Wynn and Vegas, where the ballers roll. (Side note: the table party of 2 mid-50s diners ordered a pizza and then proceeded to EACH order an entree. Either they're ballers or they eat a LOT). Slightly dim lighting to suffice for a romantic date or a nice dinner out with friends.  The kitchen is semi-opened so it's nice to at least see the faces of the people making your food. Certain tables are also good for people watching.Overall, the food was good but I don't think it's worth the price. The whole Vegas ambiance definitely raises the price of everything. If it was about $5 cheaper than it wouldn't be too bad considering the ambiance and food quality. I don't know if I would come back again, since there are so many options in Vegas. Though if you're staying at the Wynn and can't make a reservation at your preferred restaurants then I would recommend coming here.
4	Stratta has the BEST Sangria!!  Yeah I have come here more times than I can count just for the Sangria :)  Okay onto the food!  I usually end up here after a long night of drinking and dancing at Tryst Nightclub and go for the steak and eggs.  Absolutely delicious!  Homemade toast with sweet butter.  Perfectly marinated and cooked, juicy, yummy, melt in your mouth steak. And the eggs are decent, you can't really wow me with any eggs. Service is decent and the hostess is always pleasant.  I also like the atmosphere here too.  Great spot for drinks, a romantic dinner, or late night grub!
4	Busy spot.  Usually crowded and especially at the bar.  Great drinks and food.  We ordered: Caesar Salad, Pizza: Margherita, Pepperoni, and Meatball.  All were super tasty.
