3	Fine, inventive, surprising and delicious French cuisine. They use the finest local products and even the waiters are very knowledgeable about the origins of the products and the complex ways in which they are transformed in the kitchen. It was an enlightening and delightful experience. That's what cuisine should always be: constantly re-invented by a smart and passionate chef.
5	Definetly one of the best in town.The chef is inspired, and the waiters are the most knowledgeable I've encoutered in this town.
5	I stumbled upon Cinquieme Peche last night with a friend.  As we were strolling in the Mont Royal neighborhood, it started pouring heavily.  We ran into the first place that looked reasonable, mostly to avoid the rain.  Our lack of planning, as it turns out, paid off.  Cinquieme Peche is a small, highly imaginative French brasserie serving a limited amount of starters and entrees off a chalkboard menu.  For our starters, we had the seal (yes, the kind that clap and do tricks) tartare and a lobster broth with scallops, mussels and pancetta.  The tartare was interesting, the meat itself is fairly bland but the texture was pleasant and went well with the capers.  My lobster broth was subtle but pleasant.  As for the mains, I had the filet served with broccoli rabe, escargot and gnochi.  An unexpected combination but was perfect.  My friend had the sea breem, seared on a pan and finished off in the oven.  It was served with artichoke puree and roasted fennel and a light tomato sauce.  Outstanding.  The owners, two brothers, are from France and have been operating this restaurant  for 7 years now.  Although it is expensive, I would highly recommend it.
5	This restaurant is a MUST TRY in Montreal. It has very few, but good reviews. Read about it in one of the blogs. We decided to give it a try and we can't believe the type of food they serve in such a simple but quaint little place in Plateau Mont Royal. The severs were very nice to explain to us in English all the items in their chalkboard menu. We have tried more formal dining places than this restaurant, but the food they serve here easily beats the more expensive stuff we tried in those, sometimes pretentious, places. It's THAT good. I had the tiramisu for dessert. It looked like a deconstructed version but it tasted wonderful. The price was very good for what they serve. Presentation and service were excellent. This is one place I will definitely go back to when I return to Montreal.
5	Thank you Food Network for encouraging me to be more daring when it comes to food; Thank you 5ieme Peche for providing the opportunity!As an appetizer I had Duck Heart Tartare. That's right, RAW duck heart.  It tasted a lot like Beef Tartare with a little special something.... Delicious!As a main course I had Sweet Breads!  I have had these many times; this place made them very well.  Creamy and silky on the inside, beautifully crispy on the outside!5ieme Peche regularly serves "organ meats".  Many people are grossed out by the idea of eating animal innards but truthfully they are quite underused and unappreciated (especially by us "spoiled" Canadians and Americans).  Once you get passed the idea of eating "guts" you will truly appreciate and enjoy them!  5ieme Peche definitely is the best place to explore!
5	If you are looking for fun dining in a laid back atmosphere, Cinquieme Peche is a must-try. They serve lots of local, organic ingredients in their dishes and the result is a delicious, interesting, and exciting dinner experience. Most of the dishes contain meat so vegetarians should be aware. My boyfriend and I don't eat red meat or poultry so we ordered the only vegetarian option on the menu - the sweet potato gnocchi - and the only fish option on the menu - the striped bass. Both were delicious and creative. The gnocchi came on a bed of kale and mushrooms with a light sprinkling of parmesan cheese on top. The striped sea bass came with the most delicious puffs of cauliflower puree that almost had the consistency of marshmallows....(very, very good). It was also served on a bed of vegetables and grapefruit which worked very well...As an appetizer, we had the smoked salmon which was smoked right on the table with a tiny smoker. We thought that was pretty cool. The salmon was fresh and it was some of the BEST smoked salmon I've ever had. For dessert, we shared a chocolate and date mousse with chocolate cookie crumbles on top. We asked the server for a wine recommendation and she recommended a delicious bottle of organic wine that went perfectly with our meal. The service was impeccable. Our server was so nice and really attentive even when the restaurant became really busy.The stars of the restaurant are definitely their meat dishes however. We saw some of the other (meat) dishes coming out and we were so tempted to try some meat dishes that night. If you are a meat eater- you must try this place!
5	The food was awesome. I was extremely surprised. We had the seal, asparagus salad, lamb rack, and scallops and they were all well cooked and tasted great. The ambiance was very nice, and our waiter was extremely helpful- literally one of the best waiters I have ever had. He translated the menu to us (which was only in french), made recommendations, and was extremely nice and provided impeccable service.The only downside is that contrary to what we were told when we made the reservation, you can only get the tasting menu for the whole table- you can't just have part of the table order it. We were a bit disappointed by that, but all in all we had a great time there.
4	ACP is situated on the famous St. Denis street which has lots of bars, nightclubs and restaurants on it. So a restaurant has to be special in order to stand out from this huge assortment of eateries, and ACP does exactly that. First of all let's be clear about the price tag that is associated with this French cuisine "gastronomie" experience. You'd easily end up paying around $90-100 per person (aperitif, entree, dessert, coffee, tips and tax). The decor is good in a rustic way. There's no printed menu, all the available items are written on a blackboard which covers more than half the wall adjacent to the counter. The waitress who served us, very cheerfully and patiently, explained in detail all the ingredients in the menu items we chose and how they were cooked and would be served. Although the item list is pretty limited, they have chicken, mutton, beef, fish and veggie well covered. I chose escalope de veau as my main dish with coquille St. Jacques as the entree. Both these items were very delicious. The veal escalope was served with green beans and roasted tomatoes with a chef's speciality creamy sauce. Although the portions are medium sized (you won't expect big portions in a French restaurant anyway) they compensate it with giving you a lot of bread and butter that you can have with your entree or even with your main course. We ordered Margot 99 (I don't remember exactly) to go with our order and it was sublime. I chose mousse au chocolat as dessert and an espresso to go with it. Needless to say that the dessert was excellent as well. The only thing which would stop me from going back to this restaurant is that it's very pricey. Apart from that it's a very good place to eat with excellent decor and ambiance. Oh and if you'd like to have a digestif, they serve cognac/grand marnier as well. Just don't drive after all these Margots and Cognacs otherwise you'd be paying about the same price in traffic tickets to SAAQ hehe.
3	Yes, they have organic/special order wines that you'll have never heard off, and their menu is written cutely on blackboard. The atmosphere is great, albeit loud, but the service was attentive and despite the size of the place it feels like a family affair where everybody's just a friend visiting.But the food was mostly just Meh. Sure, the phoqonailles (seal slides) was strong and quite tasty. - The seal mergez poutine was also excellent, through it underplayed its sauce and it felt like a little plate of random things more than a poutine. - The duck heart tartar with foie gras shavings was underwelming, and I could hardly taste the duck. - The prime cut of beef was very simply prepared, cooked medium unless asked, and was served with some of the best dauphines potatoes I can remember having. -The seabream (la dorade) was the most average meal of the evening, and the ris-de-veau was barely batter.As a Quebecois expat just in town for a couple days, I miss the Montreal restaurants and try to make the most of my trip here. DC just isn't even close when it comes to good meals. Perhaps my mistake was that the night before, I went to Le Club Chasse et Peche for dinner. Both meals ended up costing about $175-200 for two, but as I was paying and kept thinking about the meal from the night before I ended up feeling a little frustrated. I guess in the end, it's one of these "been there, done that" following Anthony Bourdain around. Once is enough. And I can cross off "eating seal" from my foodie bucket list.
5	One of the truly great meals I have ever eaten. Service was impeccable and the food utterly sublime. Highly highly recommended
5	This is hands-down my favorite restaurant in Montreal. Here for an extended stay this year, and might find something that beats this amazing little spot (now located on St. Denis around the corner from its original location), but I doubt it.Their veal sweetbreads remain a favorite - beautiful flavor and texture, a slight golden crust on them that provides a small crunch before getting into the perfectly cooked meat, which is soft and sublime. I have yet to have better sweetbreads, anywhere. Especially one that is balanced so perfectly as this one, which features roasted mushrooms, exceptionally smooth parsnip puree, and seasonal accent veg (Brussels sprouts leaves, or this time, with fiddlehead fern for spring), all with a delicious sauce.For the first time, also tried what apparently has become a spring/summer feature on their menu: seal. Served 3 ways as an appetizer - smoked, dried, and as a nicely kicky spiced hard sausage. I'd never had seal and didn't know what to expect. I anticipated oily, maybe. But the meat, rich and brick-red, is delicious. If you've had bison, it might be closest to that, but as prepared here, think bison sausage. The plate was essentially a charcuterie, with delicious, lightly pickled veg such as baby fennel.The salmon with lobster ravioli (main) was a terrific blend of light and rich, topped with shaved fennel, with the ravioli accented by licorice (a nice complement to the rich lobster). The pork terrine appetizer was like the most decadent head cheese (one of my favorite things in this world when done well), with a swath of fois gras running through the middle. It was served with cooked pears and grapes, not quite a compote but on its way - a nice play of sweet and tart with the rich terrine.Dessert, too, was no exception. I should have taken a pass, the meal was already so rich, but they pay the same attention to the last course as the others. A chocolate and Espelette pepper ganache was served with a perfect grapefruit and basil granite. If that sounds rich, the cheesecake was richer - infused with chicory, which maybe got buried in the cheesecake - and served with cooked, spiced prunes.The service was again above and beyond friendly and attentive, even at their busiest (and I went on a Saturday night). That's been my experience every time.Thank goodness they didn't move far. I'll be back in the coming weeks as the season and menu change.
4	Cute resto on St-Denis, rustic feel, the menu is written on the board. We had the ris de veau, the elk, oysters, their insanely buttery brownie. Service was great and food was delicious!
4	If you are looking for a classic place with very good (though possibly a half-step short of amazing) food and excellent service in a rustic casual atmosphere, this is it.The beef tongue and hanger steak were the best choices at our table. The veal sweetbreads were better than average, but you could probably do better elsewhere. The oysters were fresh and had a delicious vinaigrette with them.The service here is excellent. Our server took great care to explain the menu in detail, refill wine glasses, and make suggestions.In a great food town, this is a very good choice for the money.
5	Every bite was very flavorful. I had the cheese mousse small plate (comes with beet & cheese squares), as well as the cod entree. Both were absolutely delicious and full of different flavors (the eggplant sauce and the tomato bites on the cod entree complimented the dish just great). Nice friendly service too, besides the long wait for the main entrees. We sat at the bar so we got to watch all appetizers & desserts being made which was entertaining and mouth watering!
5	I experienced an extraordinary evening here when at a conference in Montreal.  Our group reserved the entire restaurant for the evening, and were treated to a small bites menu with 20 amazing tastes.  The offerings ranged from a mascarpone mousse with grapes and walnuts to date streusel with duck confit to duck heart tartar to smoked seal.  Each was exquisitely prepared and beautifully presented.  The atmosphere was wonderful too -- a rustic basement room with wooden floors and stone walls.  Staff was pleasant and accommodating.
5	The food here is delicious, carefully crafted, beautifully presented, paired well with wines...it was a great dining experience overall.  The restaurant was recommended by our Canadian host.  The staff was extremely nice and helpful, and our waiter suggested a salmon appetizer and veal sweetbread entree.  The sweetbread was one of the best dishes I've ever eaten.  I can't say enough positives about the dining experience here.  Highly recommended.
5	I rarely give a restaurant 5 stars, but the food here is exceptional, as is the service.  We are from Portland, Oregon, so food is part of our culture, and we are used to good food.  The atmosphere is very charming, rustic and feels very comforting.  The restaurant is not too big, so you are sure to get personalized service.  The waiter came over to us immediately, and told us about the food of the day specials, and took our order for drinks.  The service was just right.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.My husband started with a tomato salad.  The tomatoes were organic and multi colored.  I am not sure if I had ever seen a green tomato.  He said it was delicious.  The portion was good sized and he ate it all.  I had the cold melon and lobster soup, with a whole bunch of deliciousness and lots of lobster.For the main course, I had bison with cooked peaches, roasted onion puree.  The bison was cooked perfectly.  I'm not sure if I have ever had bison before, so didn't know what to expect, but it was perfect.  My husband had the fish of the day which was sockeye salmon with fresh vegetables and mussels in a liquid mussel sauce.  For dessert we had the fresh homemade almond cakes with fruit and also the chocolate tart.  A good time was had by all.  I don't know when I will be back in Montreal, but I would definitely come here again if I am in this city.
5	Wonderful unique menu with very friendly  & helpful servers and hosts. LHere's my ranking of the dishes... Olive seaweed tapenade= 3 seal poutine, seal! So rich = 4foie gras duck confit sweet and umami= 5Sweetbreads = 4  the downstairs brick dining room had perfect dark but not too dark to see the menu or what you're eating ambiance.
4	so its taste mtl week and i was looking for new places to try. places that had decently good reviews so this one caught my eye.RSVP is extremely easy with open table and a call back the morning of your reservation to confirm. easy as pie!beautiful downstairs dining room with a bar overlooking the kitchen where you can enjoy watching cooks preparing the apps (and drool over some of them) or peak in the kitchen. there's a dining room upstairs too but i have no idea what it looks like.service is attentive, waiters are extremely friendly and helpful. it wasn't rushed. after finishing my main, they didn't bring dessert out until i was ready which was like 10-12 minutes later.as for appetizer, i got the ostrich neck terrine with a foie gras surprise alongside some fresh greens, chopped chestnut, caramelized onions with slices of toasted baguette. it was definitely good with the many notes of flavor. it made me want more of it.for main, it was the roasted salmon over a bed of cabbage, dulse gremolata and hareng-cini. the salmon was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and incredibly moist. 30-45 seconds less and it could be considered raw. the hareng-cini was crispy but lacked that something.and to finish it off, a chocolate caramel fleur de sel tart with confit butternut squash and pumpkin seeds (if i remember correctly). loved the squash and its accompanying sauce. enjoyed the caramel kick to the tart. as for the chocolate part, good but not rich enough.to accompany my main, i got their suggested wine that paired perfectly with the salmon.price wise, with the glass of wine and after factoring in tips, you're looking in the neighborhood of $65. that's for their taste mtl menu. outside of that, expect to pay more.all in all, it was definitely good food that is perfectly cooked/prepared but it was missing that something. that je ne sais quoi that would definitely make you want to come back. i didn't get that feeling. instead, it was more of a "i may consider this place if out with a bunch of friends looking for some french cuisine"ps. by sitting at the bar, i got a good look of the mackerel app with squid ink. it looks and sounds even better than the ostrich app
