5	Dr. Ran is wonderful at her practice. She consults with you about your health and lifestyle so you both can agree how you will proceed with your healing. It is rare to find a doctor who will take the time to listen and Dr. Ran is sincerely compassionate. My personal experiences at her office have been enjoyable. Dr. Ran helps the acupuncture process be as comfortable as it can be. I have chronic back pain from spinal surgeries along with a lot of scar tissue build up. I prefer to avoid prescription medications and acupuncture has certainly helped to eased my pain. After my sessions my back is much less stiff and I feel very relaxed for the remainder of the day.
5	Dr. Ran is the kindest gentlest acupuncturist I have known. (have used acupuncture since 1982 for various health problems in different parts of the world when I was not helped by orthodox medicine or when the medications had severe side effects) For most of the last year I have been receiving treatment from Dr. Ran and it has made a great difference. My back used to go into spasm while I was driving even for a short distance. That got better after the first time. The rest of my back is in pretty bad shape but her treatment means I am able to do most normal things and even at my age 69 I feel I am constantly improving.The needles are so very fine they honestly don't really hurt, maybe just a tiny sting - gone as soon as it is felt It is not anything like having an hypodermic injection. Dr. Ran places leads on the needles which gently vibrates them so the result goes deeper and is more lasting. She is very careful and asks all the time if what she is doing is comfortable for you and will stop when ever you want her too.I have seen many very  good acupuncturists all over the world but none as good and genuine and as caring as Dr.Ran.. How ever busy she is she always treats you  as  if you are the only one,I am so happy to have found such a completely professional lady doctor who is also full of compassion. May she long continue in her work bringing relief to all the suffering people who ask for her help.
3	Front desk receptionist is a little abrasive. He should brush up on his customer service skills. The acupuncture was gentle, and took alot of pressure off of my neck. So far so good.
