5	This place just opened today, and doesn't even have a phone yet. So tonight things were a bit hectic, but service was good. I got a naked burrito (similar concept to Chipotle's Burrito Bowl) and it was pretty good. I like that Qdoba has more choices for toppings than Chipotle. I think it'll take a few visits for me to fine-tune the ingredients that I order, but Qdoba definitely has promise!
5	Wow, this place just opened and I'm so impressed.  I tried the Craft 2; got 3 cheese queso with chicken and a quesidilla.  The corn salsa is great and lots of others to choose from.  The staff was friendly and I can't wait to go back.  They have a great rewards program too, so check it out!
3	Went to Qdoba for the first time and it was just A-ok.  Had the naked bowl with chicken.  Serving size was ok.  They charge extra for the fajita veggies, where chipotle doesnt.  I think the only thing they have going for them is that they offer queso and do some other combinations that are a little different that Chipotle.  Next time I'll probably try the tacos, but maybe next time I'll just got back to Chipotle :)
3	I think most people in the valley are familiar with burritos so this is more of a thumbs up for this location. The main reason I come here is for the vegetarian pinto beans ( the other burrito place adds delicious pork ).  The veggie burritos are good and they aren't cheap with the guacamole.  The service lately is kind of hit or miss and they are always low on stuff.  THey are always really friendly, but they need to puck up the food prep planning a bit.
2	Mix between Taco Bell and Chipotle.
5	I am not a huge fan of 'fast food' Mexican food, but this place is different. From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a very hearty hello and welcome. There hasn't been a time that I have been in here that they haven't offered to let me try something before I decide.  All their items are fresh and made in the local stores. (other than the tortillas) and it tastes like it.  The cheese sauce is the bomb and the grilled chicken will make you question trying any other of the meat choices. So far I has have the soft tacos, the nachos, the naked burro (in a bowl no tortilla) and each one is as good as the last.  My best fried goes for the burrito and even as a big eater this kicks his rear.  Great food, good value, a really nice place to kick back, eat and relax.
1	Food was okay but staff was unfriendly. Order a kids meal and was charged for a regular meal. When I mentioned that I order a kids meal the cashier looked at me and asked "Are you sure?" Horrible experience.
4	Awesome Friendly StaffFast, Reliable ServiceReasonably Priced Healthy OptionsThe only downfall I have is the stinginess in the portion sizes of the chicken and steak, so make sure you clarify that you are getting the right amount of meat.  Aside from this one drawback this place is great.
5	Good food. great service.
1	Terrible experience. I have been to Qdoba before and have always had fast, friendly service and decent meals. We recently moved to the Ahwatukee area and decided to stop in at this location for a quick dinner. It was not busy, there was one other couple in front of us in line. Standing in line I noticed a large pile of chicken sitting to the side of the grill with flies buzzing around it and quickly decided I would try the steak instead.  I do not know if they were running out of inventory or if the staff was just being lazy but never in my life have I seen such embarrassing sized portions from any Qdoba. My favorite part of Qdoba has always been eating half and saving half for later, this time none of it was worth saving.  As we watched our food being made we knew something was not right, so I politely asked why the portions seemed to be much (MUCH) smaller than what we were used to. The girl making our burritos literally rolled her eyes, laughed and offered extra meat for an extra charge. I did not want extra meat, I wanted the same size bowl I was used to getting. We declined, and she seemingly pawned us off on the other girl working.  As we approached the register we asked another employee (possibly the manager), why the portions seemed to be half of what we are normally used to getting at Qdoba.  She seemed nervous, but assured us the portion sizes were correct. After our 2 minute car trip home and opening our bag of food we realized this $18 meal would definitely not satisfy our hunger. To top it off, the steak tasted like it had been soaked in some type of oil, and everything was completely cold! Not  even lukewarm, cold. I hate to complain, but after this past visit we will not be returning to Qdoba. I have attached a picture of the food we received (next to an 8oz bottle of vitamins for comparison) for viewers to see how small the burrito actually is.
2	I always come in here hoping for a better experience than the last, but they always disappoint. Yes the food is good but the service is terrible. The staff is never friendly and they make you feel like you are bothering THEM by ordering a meal. I've never had a positive friendly experience in this location, which is sad, because that's what keeps me away.
2	Never have I ever been so disappointed at a Qdoba. I live right behind this location and I've come many times before. It's never been the fastest and I've never seen more than two people in the front, but today is just ridiculous. It's never been that busy that I've had to wait that long for my food anyways, and I've never been in a hurry so I never minded that it's not the fastest. I am standing in line and I haven't even ordered my food yet, which I only came for chips and Queso - As soon as I walked in I was surprised to see the line so long it curved around, 14 people in line - one person at the front making the food and ringing up the order. What the hell? It's noon, why do you only have one person at the front counter? There is a gentleman coming back and forth to put the steak and chicken on the grill, but that's it. Three people have left in the time I've taken to write this review. Im giving two stars because the food has always been the fantastic Qdoba I love, and I am one of the few Qdoba advocates I know down here - I hate Chipotle. But there is NO excuse for only having one person at the front over the noon hour.
1	Decided to walk to grab some lunch since I live right behind this Qdoba, left my apartment at 10:55 ensuring I would be there after the 11:00 am open time. Got to Qdoba at 11:05, and it hadn't been open yet. There was another lady already waiting before I got there and I could see the lady inside running around getting things ready, I know she saw both of us waiting. They unlocked the doors around 11:12, no acknowledgment to me or the other customer or any apologies on opening late, us having to wait, etc. I wasn't even asked what I wanted to order or anything the lady behind the counter just looked at me and waited for me to say something. She continued to talk to the staff person in back while she did my order. I'm done with this location, the huge lack of customer service is such a turn off. I rather drive a half hour out of my way then come here again.
1	My buddy and I both got food poisoning after eating here, enough said
5	Deleted
1	If I could rate this place as a zero, I definitely would. My husband and I decided to try Qdoba, as we had never been there before. Stopped in for a quick bite of lunch, I ordered a shredded beef burrito, my husband, a veggie burrito. The girl behind the counter looked confused when I told her I wanted shredded beef on my burrito and that it wasn't a veggie burrito. After understanding that I actually wanted beef, she put three whole pieces of meat. I seemed to have inconvenienced her in asking to put more meat on my burrito. My husband then had to remind her that he'd ordered a veggie burrito, and actually wanted veggies on it. Once we finally made it down the line, we went to pay for the food. The girl rambled what the price was and before we knew it, we had paid almost $23 for two burritos, chips and a small drink. Something definitely did not add up correctly. We looked at the prices we were charged on the receipt and compared to what they had on the menu boards, and realized we were charged significantly more than what the menu stated. My husband went to ask the girl behind the counter what was going on and she said they had changed the prices. She then called the manager over, who again, reiterated that the menu prices had changed, they just hadn't received the updated price signage. There was nothing anywhere in the store stating that any of their prices were changed, we had to hear about it after we were already over charged for our items. At this point in time, the "manager," interrogated us and asked, "didn't you look at the price on the pos system before you paid??" The pos system didn't display what we had ordered nor did it display the price. My husband demanded to be refunded back the difference, and the manager said they were not allowed to give refunds, and they would need to call corporate in order to get one. We were interrogated again and asked if we had already started eating the food, which was said in a very sarcastic way by the manager. She then spent a decent amount of time on the phone with "corporate" asking if she could give a refund, to which "corporate" offered to give us food vouchers for another visit. As we don't live in the area, there was no way we were going to accept that and wanted a refund of the difference. The manager said she didn't know how to use the computer or issue a refund for what we were asking, and ended up refunding the entire meal. She then acted as if she was doing us a favor by allowing us to keep our food items. We probably would have been better off not even touching the food, and going somewhere else. The four pieces of meat that were in my burrito were not very tasty, and overall the food quality was very poor. To top off the experience, the cashier mishandled the customers food behind us. Initially refused to offer her food at the menu price, and treated them worse than she treated us. The best part of this experience was walking out the door, and vowing to never come back.
2	Usually this place is good. I like it better than Chipotle but tonight was honestly just terrible. I ordered a burrito online and everything was correct, picked it up 15 minutes later. When I got home all it had on it was shredded beef, guacamole, beans and rice! I ordered a burrito with roasted corn salsa, cheese, guacamole, beans and rice, ancho chile sauce. The rice was extremely hard and the avocado tasted terrible. I just can't believe that I was charge $7+ dollars for a burrito that didn't even have half the things I ordered! I won't be going here anytime soon. If you can't get a burrito correct than why are you working there?!
2	I'll preface this by saying I'm a chipotle guy but I have had qdoba at different locations before and having just moved across the street I thought I would give this place a try. I'm usually a very generous grader however this qdoba location is not good. I ordered a bowl with steak I love the fajita veg they didn't have any.. Bright spot was the guy serving me the bowl said he would be happy to make me some which would take about 5 minutes. I went there for quick food I didn't  feel like waiting.. When you see the fajita veg running low cook more Don't just leave the empty container with 4 or 5 strands of vegetables sitting in it. I could see if it was almost closing time and you didn't wanna cook more so if wouldnt go to waste but this was only 645.. So that was a bummer lets keep going I got my extras bring it home and I was thoroughly disappointed the steak tasted like it has been sitting in the container all day (which it probably had) and the rice was super crunchy and undercooked overall not a good experience staff was friendly enough but obviously not on top of the ball will not be back..
