4	if you have ever been to Pratts in downtown Glendale then this place is really not that much different just a little smaller.  The best thing about this place is that it is not a mega conglomerate big box store for pets.  Its a locally owned business that caters to the local community.  They carry supplies, for dogs. cats, poultry, etc. They also carry some great brands like innova and other hard to find specialty feeds for those people who prefer better brands that what is sold at the big box pet stores.
2	I think that this Pratt's is a little better than the one in Glendale. It's a smaller store with less animals, but the ones they have looked healthier. The baby sulcatas especially looked to be much healthier. This is probably because there were less of them in a larger cage. They also had a couple baby monitors that were very cute. The bearded dragons also looked healthier and had better coloration.One last note; this store is in El Mirage, not Surprise, like one of their ads said and you cannot get to the store directly from Grand Ave. You have to pull off before you get to the store and drive around to it.*EditPratt's in Surprise has taken to keeping different species of animals in the same cage with each other. The last time I was in the store they had captive bred Sulcatas and Bearded Dragons in with wild caught Green Iguanas. Not only is this dangerous to the lizards, because they could injure each other, but the Iguanas could have parasites that could be transferred to the other CB lizards. I would be very wary of buying a tortoise here until they discontinue this practice.
4	We buy our pet food here. Convenient and a nice place to stop. Not interested in owning a lizard or snake or bird, but they look healthy and are fun to look at.
4	Helpful staff. If they dont have something you are looking for they will tell you where to get it. Reasonable prices as well.
4	You can find Taste of the Wild dog and cat food here. At the recommendation of the other Pratt's store on Glendale Avenue I called this location to inquire about having my dog's nails trimmed. I recently moved to the area and my dog is not up to date on her rabies shot. Unable to visit a regular groomer, the guy at Pratt's trimmed my Maddie's nails fairly quickly. He even recommended a local groomer to use in the future. Be advised: the highway that the store is located on is undergoing construction resulting in a missed turn.
2	I have purchased pet food here every month, but find the store to be dirty, and not proper attention ia paid to their pets.  Have seen bird's without water, and sick bird being neglected.  I would not buy anything other than packaged food here.  The poor pets are not care for properly at all!
1	I am very concerned because they do not keep their birds' food and water clean, and have 6 cockaties crammed into a cage that is way too small for them!  Their bird's are healthy when they first get them but their health deteriorates over time in these conditions.  I have observed this over at least a year's time, since I buy bird food there.
1	This store is HORRIBLE and should be shut down. 15 cockatiels housed together in a 2 ft cage, empty food and water dishes in all the cages, dead mealworms in the fridge, etc. I will NEVER be back! Glendale location is 500 times better and the animals are actually cared for. I am completely disgusted!
4	Great pet store! I get food for my tortoise here. My son and I always enjoy checking out the animals, particularly the baby chicks. All the employees are smiling and very pleasant to work with.
2	Extremely rude staff. Completely ignored me not only when I was shopping but even when checking out!! This was the Assistant Manager too. He was talking to someone else he knew the entire time checking me out and didn't even look at me once or say a word to me. I cannot stand when people in customer service hate their job so much they have to be rude to the customers. You're the asst. manager! A big part of your job is making sure everyone has a good shopping experience in your store. Very upset with my visit here, had very high hopes.
