5	This place is great, you will LOVE it!  Anything you want for hair, this is the place, Donna is world-renown for hair extensions, color, and cuts. She's been an educator for over 20 years.  Facials are phenomenol by Kim or Carrie.  Lash extensions, lash perms, hair removal, you name it, they do it. They even do ear candling and foot detox baths.Pedicures by Marilyn can't be beat!Do yourself and favor and go there, you won't be sorry!
5	I love AloosionsIt's a unique Scottsdale spa.  I like the homey feel of the place.  Aloosions is very comfortable and has an atmosphere which is much more relaxed than most other big spas I've visited.I've had all kinds of treatments done at Aloosions, and I especially like the weekly specials that are sometimes emailed to me.  Every once in awhile I'll get an email stating "50% off all facials only tomorrow!!", and then I make a mad rush to the phone and try and get in :)
4	Get your nail's done and yo hair did! My man was told this is where the Coyote player's wives go.....he may have been suckered who knows.  He bought a package deal he does this when he can as it saves brain hemorrhaging near the holidays. It was for a bunch of service's and when I get these thing's I always upgrade everything so I can have the full experience. When I called to make arrangements they said I could not do all services same day. Bummer as I do not live so close =( I booked the massage anyway thinking I'll try the place and if it sucked I wouldn't go back.I arrive and they ask me if I want water nothing too special. It has more of the salon feel to it rather then a spa as it is not that big. The massage was awesome cant remember the girls name but she did my facial too I even bought some of their product from her wow. My 3rd visit was for hair this is where I got nervous if you look at the price sheet they have 3 levels Skilled, Senor and Master. Well I got a girl with a barbers license?!?! She had to ask the owner a few times about the color. She was really nice and thankfully everything turned out. My last visit on the deal was nails by Christy P it was the most memorable visit, she is a chatty cathy and made me feel comfortable. They have a pedicure room and when I started going that was my fav thing they had a huge massage/spa chair but it broke soon after *sigh* I kept going back for my monthly mani/pedi as long as I could at $60 a pop.It wasn't cost effective for me to continue going out there paying double what it costs around here plus gas. If you want that whole spa experience where you walk around in a robe and relax and take a swim this isn't the place but I deff recommend them for their salon services they even have perm makeup and detox foot bath's.
4	Great services, great location, a bit pricey.SERVICESIf you are willing to pay a little more than your average salon, this place is worth it. The services are divine and they make you feel at home when you visit here. Shampoos feel great, mani/pedis, leave you feeling very relaxed.  I would recommend getting a pedicure on a week night when they aren't busy.. here's why: Pedicures are done in a semi-private room. It they aren't busy you get the room to yourself. If they have other bookings, you share with one other person. AMBIANCEAloosions has a very comfortable feels to it. It doesn't feel cramped or crowded at all. It is very open and has homey touches through out the salon... It does have more of a salon feel than a day spa feel to it. OTHERSign up on their website to recieve their emails. You will get great discounts!
4	I'm lovin' my facials and waxin' with Mrs. Kimberly Miller!I was introduced to Aloosions by a friend over five years ago and it's been a great experience.  I've learned about taking better care of my skin and making the most of a simple beauty regimen.  I even took my daughter for her first brow wax -- Kimberly is quite the artist!Though a bit of a drive and a luxury, I'm hooked.Thanks Kim!
5	I love Aloosions! Everyone there is super friendly and I am totally sold on their services. After being introduced by Groupon to Abbie for some waxing services I am hooked. She is lovely, super professional, a therapist, and a down to earth woman. I feel very comfortable when I am there and she does an amazing job. You have got yourself a customer for life here.
5	Fabulous facials by Abbie! I have been going to see Abbie for about 6 months now. She offers an awesome deal to clients who come in monthly, I go every three weeks or so. I have always had problem skin and have tried just about everything to make it nicer. Nothing seemed to work. A friend referred me to Abbie.  I noticed a marked difference after my first fab facial and dermaplane, and it keeps getting better and better and better!Try the dermaplane and just trust Abbie to do the best thing for your skin. You won't be disappointed.Also, the PCA products are the best I have tried, and I have tried  A L O T of products!
