4	I am a fan of any place that serves breakfast 24/7. Right in the heart of South Side, Tom's Diner is perfectly unpretentious.  Service was quick, food was delicious and affordable, with all the charm of a local greasy spoon and none of the actual grease. I'm a recent Pittsburgh transplant, and I've been looking for my signature "hangover breakfast" spot. Tom's is definitely a contender.
4	Good diner in South Side and Dormont
2	The service here on a Saturday morning was ridiculously slow.  We were seated and it then took 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our order.  Even then, the waitress only initially took our drinks orders until we summoned her back to take the food order as well.  Oddly enough, 15 minutes was just right to decide what we wanted.The coffee kept coming reasonably regularly but the food took another 45 minutes to appear, which is just amazing.  It's diner food not gourmet a la carte.  The food wasn't bad though, although I would have liked my Corned Beef Hash to be a bit bigger.  It felt like someone was trying to dress it up as a fancy new style, when it should just have been served in the classic way.Can't really recommend this place but I can see the appeal of diner food 24 hours a day.  If only they can improve the service.
4	i've noticed a barrage of nasty, extremely negative reviews in the past few months for Tom's--the common denominator being that they are all out-of-town reviewers (though some seem to have roots in Pitt).well, i'd like to reverse this trend (as an out-of-town reviewer)....got there around 1am on a Monday nite, when most other places were closed.As it was before 'bar time',  i imagine the service was decent due to the place not being so crowded....any complaints about the food being not fresh at all seem to be unfounded, at least for what I ordered. Now when i say 'fresh', obviously that's a relative term, it IS a 24 hr diner so we're not talking about organic, free range, local grown blah blah blah...having said that, the walnut apple salad with chicken was really good. lots of cranberries, and the chicken was pretty juicy. could have used less iceberg and more mixed greens, but it was much better than the soggy-ass 'balsamic' salad I had at Yard House the other day.also ordered a spinach-artichoke dip which had REAL chunks of spinach and artichoke, and was not over-creamified by some gluey sludge that sinks like a weight in your stomach (like most artichoke dips). the pita bread was waaaay too buttery though. I avoided most of the pita.(oh, p.s.--it is true on the filth factor (mentioned by previous reviewers) on the bathrooms--they are really run down).despite that, thumbs up to the bright decor and upbeat (though not my favorite) 'digital jukebox' music playing in the joint...anywhoozers, 4 stars for Tom's. Hopefully this will up their general rating a bit.
1	I think the cook at Tom's has become too wrapped up in The Secret.... "I'm hoping and wishing and visualizing that the eggs and potatoes are cooked. I'm hoping and wishing and visualizing that the bread is fresh and the cheese isn't out of a can." Someone needs to tell him/her that getting near the stove is a necessity - simply hoping, wishing, and visualizing results in food that is undercooked and downright yucky.
3	Tom's really went downhill when it merged with Folino's. Now the food is way overpriced, and the ambience of the former location is gone. It's still the go-to place for food on the south side at 4 a.m., but it will never be the same as it once was.
2	I went in with very low expectations.  Knowing the other reviews, one would ask why I decided to come to Tom's Diner.  The answer, they have hot roast beef sandwiches and my friend really wanted a good one badly.  Not a lot of people order this entree so there was the possibility that it would be good.  That being said, we entered into the contrived, 1950's ambiance and made our way to one of the booths on the side metal wall.  It did take a bit for our waitress to finally notice us, but she brought the menus as soon as she stopped talking to the other servers and cooks in the rear.  We ordered our cokes and as she left to get the drinks we looked over the menus, intent on having our order ready by the time she came back with our drinks.  When she arrived we placed our order for the following:Italian Wedding SoupHot roast beef with friesBuffalo Chicken strips {hot}Large gyro with no lettuce and sauce on the side.The last two items were both entrees and I ordered both for myself since I figured one of them would be good and one of them might not be so good.  I love both gyros and buffalo chicken strips and I tend to be very forgiving of issues in their preparation because of how much I love them.  The service so far had been very slow.  The arrival of the soup did nothing to reverse my thought on this issue.  The Italian Wedding Soup was not the worst I had ever tried, but it definitely wasn't the best.  It lacked flavor that you expect in an Italian Wedding -- one could get the same flavor from a packet of chicken broth.  My chicken strips arrived to the table and I immediately went for them.  The strips smelled good and looked good -- not too wet, not too dry.  I tried some of the blue cheese -- not so good, I would stay away from this dressing.  I took a bit of a chicken strip and it wasn't bad; it was made from dry, white meat and it wasn't hot.  Maybe Pittsburgh hot, but it was between mild and medium (closer to mild) at best for the rest for me -- remember, it takes a serrano pepper for me to feel a tingle. I wasn't displeased with the strips, but I had definitely had better.  The gyro and the hot roast beef sandwich arrived.  I was happy to have what appeared to be some good looking food.  The issue is that all of the food had looked good so far, while the actual flavor had been underwhelming.  As is my norm, I tried the separate parts first to see what kind of flavor each had.  Trying the gyro sauce, I can honestly say that it wasn't traditional.  The sauce was just ranch.  I really don't care for ranch.  I tried some of the meat and the pita; the meat was under-seasoned and the pita was hard on the outside and chewy on the inside (not good chewy, either).  I moved on to the open-faced roast beef sandwich.  It didn't taste bad, but like the wedding soup it also didn't taste good.  I went back to my gyro and finished it with ranch strategically placed.  Throughout the entire ordeal of tasting the food, my cup went dry.  And it stayed dry -- for a long time.  I eventually had to ask one of the other servers in the restaurant since my server was ignoring my flailing arms in the rear of the restaurant.  As bad as the gyro was, I can honestly say it wasn't the worst that I had ever tried -- Stoupsy's in Miami holds that special place in my heart.  Overall it was a lackluster experience that I really don't want to repeat.  I might return if someone really wants to go.  If I do go back, I would just get the buffalo chicken strips appetizer.
1	tastiest food poisoning ever
2	I realize that this is one of those Southside staples. A place young kids come because it's hip. The truth of the matter though, the food is sub par, the service has always been good for me, and the prices are high for the quality. I have been here several times, wanting to give it "just one more chance." A girl's stomach can only handle so much bland wet mush though. I have had variations on the usual breakfast platter. Eggs, toast, meats, and potatoes. Each and every time, the eggs are STILL sloppy and not completely cooked. The bacon is so far from crispy it shouldn't be consumed. The toast was so laden with salty butter I almost couldn't eat it (not to mention that two separate times I've gone they were out of wheat toast.) The coffee was acceptable. My servers have always been so incredibly friendly and prompt that I almost feel bad writing a negative review. They have come back multiple times to make sure I have enough to drink, and that the food is what I wanted. I do have to say that the times I have been there the place was near deserted. (I tend to be out and about when most people are asleep, think 5:30 - 7:00am)The ambiance that is set is very kitsch 1950s diner-esque complete with the vinyl booths.In all, if it's midnight - 2:30am and you're in need of a hot meal to sober up before your bus ride home, go for it. If you're looking for a meal with any sort of flavor for a decent price, save yourself the time and money.
3	toms make me sad. I remember before the renovations and the smoking ban it was a late night haven for so many wonderful people. now everything feels too new, and there's folinos crap all over the windows. the food is alright. not that cheap, not that expensive. but that never used to matter. now I feel like the food is all toms has left and it's just middle of the road. I'm a vegetarian and they brought out bacon on my egg & cheese too. minus points. I still stop by here when I'm in town because I'm too nostalgic of a person to not. but it's really not all that worth it excet for it's location.
3	Eh honestly I don't even know or remembered what I ate here....I wish I took a picture like everything else I eat...3 stars because my friends said it was alright drunk diner food
4	Perhaps I was just extremely lucky the day I went but my experience at Tom's was great. After an all-nighter of work, some friends and I trekked here at an ungodly hour of 4:30am and got a very friendly waitress that brought out some delicious food that we promptly devoured. It was delicious and I'm surprised to see that more people don't like it. Hands down the best diner food I've had in Pittsburgh and that's coming from a Jersey girl.
2	yeah, the kids ain't lying, this place blows. one extra star for the late nite nature of it.we can only hope it gets replaced by a 24 hr chipotle's.
4	The truth is, the South Side has changed drastically in 15 years.  Institutions like Dee's Cafe, Tom's Diner, The Beehive, and Bar 11 are now just stopping places on a night of debauchery.  The Frat & Sorority Mentality ( someone else will clean up my puke, pee, mess, etc.) that pervades the So'Side is disturbing. Tom's Diner is being reviewed by late-night visitors and tourists that only stumble in when half-drunk.  I wonder if they ever strolled down Carson Street on a Tuesday mid-day and noticed the calm neighborhood that is in SHARP contrast to the late-night shenanigan's?I like Tom's Diner.  Simple diner food, always filling up my coffee, and convenient location.  The newest addition that I didn't care for:  a bar next door that does not have a door between the loudness of it's interior and the diner next door.  Owners of Tom's Diner - Please Add a Door!
1	I recommend definitely skipping this one. We went today and the service was awful. We were told by the hostess to sit in the side room b/c "you will be served quicker there". After we sat, it was over 10 minutes before a waitress came to say hi. Then 10 minutes before she came back to get our order. Then 5 minutes later she came back to confirm she had our order right. Then 15 minutes before we got our sandwiches. Nobody came by to check on how they were, and nobody came with a check. So we flagged down another employee there and gave her a coupon and asked her to bring the check minus the coupon amount. She said OK. Then she disappeared. 10 minutes later our waitress finally came back with the check - but without having deducted the coupon amount. So she exited and 10 minutes later came back with the right amount. Throughout this experience there were restaurant staff milling around and congregating. The place wasn't busy. Meanwhile at the table next to us, after they waited 30 minutes for their food, the food was brought cold, and the waitress departed (another long departure) without having provided them silverware or syrup (it goes well with pancakes). A customer from that table went searching for her after 5 minutes without the waitress bringing silverware. Never experienced service like this. Oh yah, and the food...mediocre for a college cafeteria.
1	Only good for people watching. Food is overly greasy, I know its a diner but I don't think grease is supposed to ooze out of my spinach pie when I stick a fork in it.Don't use the bathrooms on the weekends...im sure its overflowing with stuff (I was going to go into detail but thought better of it).Go to the Toms in Dormont if you're looking for a seminormal latenite meal.
4	Yummy Yum!!! Wee hours of the morning stop & LOVED it! They have a wide variety food selection. We each got different types of meals & we were all pleased. I ordered the big turkey club with fries. It was delicious!!! Coffee was good & the waiter service was good. The early bird special does not start until 6 am...just a FYI :) And served as 2 meals as I had the other half boxed up to eat the next day. We were there as bars were closing, so the clientele proved to be diverse, interesting & a great place to people watch. A local band had just finished performing and walk in with their guitars in-hand. Next time I am in the Burgh, I will be eating there again!
3	It looks like a lot of people are split on Tom's.  Now lets get the obvious out of the way.  It is the Southside people, plus this is a late night diner, plus this is the SOUTHSIDE.  The diner is not in the greatest of conditions but the booths are big enough to seat a group of 6 which is great at 2am.  Be nice and your food will come out faster, at like a hooligan and you will probably be waiting a little longer.  But in general the food normally comes out pretty fastNow, to the food.  A couple things.  Stick to the breakfast, because it is good and nothing beats a good breakfast spot after a night at the bars.  The pancakes and breakfast sandwiches are my favorite.  Second, I really thing they have a good late night gyro.  Don't ask why out of all the places in the Southside that I choose Tom's to get a Gyro, but they have an XTRA Large Gyro.  The moment I saw that on the menu, I just could not resist.  The end of result: I was good because it was a very large gyro, but the quality of meat was not of Mike and Tony's.  But I did not expect it to be great because it was so large and that was enough to satiate me at the time.  Overall, Tom's is your spot for a some good food and a place to go over the bad decisions you may have made earlier in the night.
3	Look, I'll be honest with ya'll.  The food at Tom's Diner is pretty bad most of the time - it's greasy, under/overcooked, and certainly always unhealthy.  However, considering its location amidst the sea of bars in South Side and how late it's open, it's the perfect spot for when you have the drunk munchies!  Seriously, what's better than cheap, carb-y food when you're tipsy?  Bonus: The servers are usually a hoot and a half, and it's incredibly fun to observe the other customers (I'm a big people-watcher).
1	Fail, fail, fail...I've had a bunch of people tell me that this place is great for breakfast, but after one visit I assure you it is not. Soggy, flat omlette, hash brown mushiness, tough pancakes and weak a** coffee.  My girlfriend's waffle was covered in strawberry goo and coolwhip, and when we asked for syrup, we were served a big side of attitude.  Which brings me to my second problem: the service was sub par at best. Waste of time, complete waste of money, will not return. To anyone who thinks this place is great: step outside of the little box that you live in and try something else, trust me there's much better breakfast to be had in Pittsburgh
3	This place has gone way down hill. I am a Northsider and I hardly want to spend any enegry going to the Southside to eat at a Diner that's Meh. Sure the food tastes good when you've had a couple...but not while you're wide awake sober. I would not suggest this place to any out of towners.
2	I first ate at Tom's about seven years ago, when I was in town house-hunting before starting grad school.  It was late at night, and I ordered a gyro omelette or something like that.  It was good but greasy, and the same was true for the service.  Back then, I would have given it three or maybe even four stars.  Today, I'm giving it two stars.I agree with other reviewers that have said Tom's has gone down hill.  The service is slow, the waitstaff is pretty bad, and the food is flavorless, greasy, undercooked, burned, dirty, ugly, or some combination thereof.  The clientele has also decreased in quality, but then again, so has the rest of the south side.If I'm looking for a diner, I'm heading to Ritter's.  No more Tom's for me.
