4	Great selection, very competitive prices and very friendly staff.
4	This store is huge! Fresh baked dog treats, frozen beef marrow bones and dog food. Aisles of quality canned and dry dog food. Treats and bully sticks to spoil your furry child. Good selection of toys and accessories as well. I noticed a grooming station in the back. The staff was friendly and store was clean. The prices are pretty comparable to other pet stores in town. I'll definitely be returning.
5	Love the staff here! Great people, they always help us out for our cat and dog! Plus the cute little silky terrier behind the counter is always my favorite part of the visits. We only buy from this store.
1	Had both of my teacup yorkies groomed here today and I'm so UPSET! I specifically told the groomer that I wanted half off the hair and the face round with the teddy bear look. She didn't listen to what I wanted. Instead she cut off 75% off their hair and my dogs don't even look like yorkies!  They look like chihuahuas!  One of dogs is almost bald on her head. She had a long beautiful pony tail that took a long time to grow. And it's shaved off! Uuugh!! I'm so frustrated!!! I told the employees that I was upset and not happy with the haircuts and all they could do is give me $5 off. Really?!  Why can't I find a good groomer in my area?! I'm never returning to this place! And I will not recommend this place to any of my friends. I didn't even want to rate 1 star for this place but I had to in order to post my review.
5	Really like coming here for our dogs needs. Great treats, really good prices on dog food and they do an excellent job grooming her. Definitely recommended!
1	This is a fairly long story. And I will do my best to be fair, not angry. Last week we brought 3 dogs in for grooming. 1 small dog (4 lb Yorkie) and 2 larger dogs (20-23 lbs each). When I went in, I was alone. I brought the larger dogs in first. The yorkie was in the car with the window cracked, fan on and water in the car for approximately 3 minutes. Everyone was very helpful in trying to get us all in quickly because I was alone with 3 crazy dogs! For that I am grateful. The owner even asked if I wanted help. Very nice and concerned which I appreciated. I told her it was fine and easier for me to do it on my own. I spoke with the groomer regarding the needs of my small dog. She is fidgety, scared and has had a bad grooming experience in the past. I asked her to be careful around sensitive areas (ears, nose, nails etc..) and not to worry if she couldn't do them. I left feeling very confident and everyone in the store was very nice. About 3 hours after their appointment I called to see if they were ready. We arrived to pick them up and the girl at the front stated that the groomer wanted to talk to us. The big dogs were fine. The little one had been cut just under her eye. The small wound was causing bleeding in and around her eye. She was fully groomed. The groomer informed me she hadn't called because she was new, didn't know the policies and was scared. She told me she hadn't told anyone what happened. We took our dogs and went to the front. The owners were not there. An associate spoke with us and I was upset and angry that we hadn't been called. A woman told me that I needed to calm down (mistake). We took the dog to the vet and she required 3 stitches which meant she needed anesthesia. We went in yesterday to meet with the owner regarding the situation. We explained that we are not upset the dog was hurt. These things happen. What we are upset about is the way it had been handled. * We were not called to be told the dog was hurt. * We do not know how long she sat there with a cut on her eye that needed medical attention. * The groomer admitted to being afraid to call. This meant our dog was put in harms way when she should have been treated. The owner wanted us to pay for the other 2 dogs. Ultimately she would put their services toward the vet bill. This way her groomer could be paid. I did not not think we should pay anything. Neither did my husband. Had she been open and honest and called us, I would gladly have paid. We mentioned that we would do what we felt necessary if they were going to pay us for only part of the bill. She asked if we were threatening her and my husband told her absolutely not.  We were told we were being taped (both audio and visual). My husband and the owner continued to discuss the situation. She then looked at me, pointed her finger to my face and said "YOU left your dog in the car. I was the one who was worried about her. I bet you didn't tell your husband that did you". This was on the floor of her store. I told her it was irrelevant because my dog was fine and safe. My husband started to talk to her and she stalked away. She returned with the check, paid in full and we thanked her. I am posting this for people to make their own judgements. This could have and should have been handled better. Again, things happen and dogs get hurt. Especially fidgety ones. I appreciate that no excuses were made for the groomer, but the way we (and our dog) were treated was not ok. And I think people need to know about it.
5	Love this place. The owner has Boxers like us which is just an added bonus. When they were young we knew we could go in there and get some questions answered when we needed.We never used the grooming service but buy all our food and most treats here. Bogarts has a very boutique feel but surprisingly their food prices are generally a few $$ cheaper than Petsmart or others. They carry real quality food and have a bakery dedicated to healthy pup treats. Our dogs love it when we take them in there and let them pick out a snack. In addition, every Saturday they have dog adoptions through the Heaven Can Wait Foundation. The chance to recycle a previously used canine is always good hearted idea.
1	Took my recently rescued dog here to be groomed.  She was nervous and new to the leash process.  A small poodle mix, all of 9 pounds.  When I walked in Bailey squatted and puddled on the floor.  The person sitting behind the desk loudly says across the room-"Dog-peeing on my rug."  I looked up and said something like "Sorry-she is scared".  The person said ( again loudly) " Dog-still peeing on my rug".  I turned around and left--won't be going back.  It's a pet/grooming store-not her living room.  Really?!?!
5	First timer and they were awesome! They groomed my dog so amazingly that now he has more swag then he know what to do with :)definitely coming back!!! thank you!!!!
5	I love this place! The customer service is outstanding. My high expectations have been met every time.
5	Love the doggie wash. Our pup is 130 pounds of love and Because of his size I don't trust anyone washing him, but me. This is great alternative of washing a giant dog at home and having half of the house wet during the process.
5	I love this place! So many awesome things for your pet. So far I've gone twice and have had a great experience each time. The staff is super friendly and my dogs love their treats. I brought my dog in the second time I went and everyone loved her. She even got a free sample ;) I haven't tried the spa yet but I don't think it's anything short of awesome. So far I've gotten the peanut butter bones, tiny cupcakes, paw oreos, salmon sticks, chicken jerky and some bagged treats.  My dogs have sensitive tummys (god awful gas) and all of the treats have gone down well. Today I bought them the frozen yogurt. It was gone in 5 minutes. My huskies thank you! We'll be back!
1	Incredibly unhappy with this store!!  Sales person helped to pick out two collars and some treats for our dog yesterday, using our previous collar as a guide for size.  Went home and one didn't fit.  Less then 24 hours later we came to exchange it for a smaller size and told they absolutely do not do exchanges or returns.  Considering we had the original collar with us and were using it for size comparison, the sales person should have told us no returns upon purchase.  Even without the original they should have stated their policy!!!!! Especially since it is NOT stated on their receipt!!  The sales person who helped us originally was there and the person at the register called her over just to confirm that she helped us, which was strange since they still refused to exchange the $20 collar.  They directed me to a piece of paper near the register that has a return policy.   I was not told upon purchase there was no returns or exchanges and it was not on their receipt.  I feel this is poor customer service and not a positive business practice. I will not be spending any more of my hard earned money at this establishment.  I encourage others to not purchase collars here as well.  They need to have their return policy on their receipt.   The receipt states: receipt needed for store credit or exchange.  Food must be returned within 10 days. (Side note, they will take back food but not a collar?  How does that make sense???)
5	I use to live near this location... so I would frequent here for treats for Ebi.I have gotten Ebi's dog bday cake from here too! Carrot for her 1st bday and sweet potato for her 3rd.Just stopped in the other day for Ebi's halloween treats!I can't complain... who doesn't love a dog bakery?Everything you need for your dog can be found here!I'm a fan! - Miss Yelp 2014
5	Because of where I work and what my job entails, I'm here fairly often and I think it's my favorite part of the day when I get to come here. There's a whole lot of natural foods for dogs, toys, treats, furniture, etc. What's really neat is that there's also a groomer there if you want to leave your dog there and pick him/her up when they're finished OR, if you want to save your house/bathtub from all the fur, clogging the tub, and water everywhere, you can even bathe your dog yourself for just $10/dog in the tubs and blow dry them as well. You are provided an apron, shampoo/conditioner, and two towels. Another thing I like is their bakery. Bland, but still edible, for humans, but it's a tastey treat for dogs! I bought a bunch of different treats for my dog's first birthday and was given a birthday hat for free! I really like this place!
5	Eveytime we have been here we have had different groomers. Even having different groomers our dog comes out perfect. They really take the time to listen to what you want, and do the best work. Defiantly plan on making a appointment...but know that it's well worth it. Also they have everything from dog food, to treats and toys! Great job guys!!
5	This is by far the best dog grooming and Paris place I have ever seen and the staff is the friendliest and most awesome on top of that we will come back all the time and refer everybody we know thank you so much, also Beau the cooler is a master artist when it comes to grooming, just cut I've ever seen!!!!!
3	We stopped in a few days ago to pick up a few things for our fur baby Gentleman Jack.It was easy to find, the flyer we got from the shelter said it was in the Hobby Lobby parking lot, and its actually right across from Hobby Lobby in a free standing building.Service was awesome:  Super polite and helpful without being overbearing or pushy.They don't have a big selection of sweaters, which is what I was looking for, but they DO have a lot of food and treat options, and this is where we spoiled our pup.We picked up a bag of food, and a bag of potato and duck flavored treats. We also got a super cute name tag for him, and some of their specialty baked goods...one of the treats looked like a slice of pizza!They also have a grooming service, and had people outside from Heaven Can Wait offering adoptions!  I'd definitely come back again, when I'm ready to buy some more special treats for my boy.
5	Love this place!  Our dog Shorty is a lab beagle rescue (read: sometimes she's timid, sometimes she howls) and always gets treated nicely here.   Great grooming job;  she comes back clean, trimmed and happy.   Free treat with the grooming is always well received.        We've purchased some of the raw bagged treats, always a win.   Lots of specialty goods here too.   Employees are super friendly and nice.  Highly recommend!
1	Took my puppy here after seeing the great reviews. Unfortunately the dog groomer Bo, had cut my dogs eye then argued with saying that I brought my dog in this way. I now have to put three different types of medicated drops in my dogs eyes because of a mistake he made. We have yet to hear from the owner abut the situation.
