2	Fry's and Fry's Marketplace is ostensibly the first "suburbanite" grocery store to appear in Casa Grande, part of a wave of development a few years back that also brought us Target (yay), Dillard's (uck), Best Buy, Harkins, and so on. The rest of the grocery stores in town are either Wal-Mart or some other chain that has a mini-Wal-Mart vibe going on.The Fry's has a few good things going for it. The food selection is awesome, and many things are represented that Casa Grande has never seen the likes of, like fresh sushi and an olive bar. Of course, I never see anyone buying it, so who knows how long the dream will last. The greeters are also friendly.There are also a few things dragging this joint down to two stars. First, I've been there twice within 10 minutes of the posting closing time and found all the doors locked. Really annoying, considering this is the only place to buy groceries on the north end of town. Otherwise, you're looking at a 10 minute trek into town. Second, the front-end manager is completely clueless or absent or both. Literally every time I go there, there are too few checkout lanes open. If you have a ton of stuff, you will wait forever since only 1 or 2 of the lanes are regular non-express lanes. If you have a couple things, prepare to wait behind gobs of technically inept people trying to operate the self-checkout kiosks. Third, the baggers (if you manage to get a bagger -- unlikely) have not been trained properly and they will smash your goods into a pulp if you don't watch them like a hawk. I have seen them try placing a bag full of soup cans on top of peaches. Of course, then you can't watch the cashier for ringing errors. I don't know which is worse. Do you want to have bashed fruit, or do you want to pay extra when they ring up your Hungarian wax peppers as gold bullion? You decide!Overall, they have good stuff. The produce stays fresh for days on end, unlike the almost-overripe stuff sold at Safeway and Albertson's in town. However, having good stuff is overshadowed by crappy customer service and the fact that half your stuff is likely to be obliterated and/or overcharged.
4	I used to have to drive 15 minutes to a grocery store... having one .2 miles from my front door is complete heaven.Things I like:- wine selection, perfect for a small city grocery store- the hours 5am Starbucks before traveling FTW!- produce, good selection that seems to stay fresh - prices, coupon program, I routinely save around 25-35% off my billMiddle of the road:- Customer service, it is completely hit or miss.Things I don't like:- not a fan of the seafood - better off going to whole foods or costco in Chandler- people are lazy and don't put their carts away, not the store's fault but I hate it. Is this an AZ thing? or just a Casa Grande thing? hate.Overall - this is one of the nicer stores in Casa Grande worth shopping at. I'm there 4-5 times a week for odds and ends.
4	The sushi was fresh and awsome!
4	I just relocated from the East Coast so I'm seeing a lot  of places I've never heard of.  Fry's included.  When I went I just thought it was like a grocery store but I was quickly surprised.  They have it all and at reasonable prices.  Seems very similar to a Target but with a mellow non-big box store vibe.  Since its close to where I'm staying and I get fuel points I'll be going there a lot.
3	Little concerned that there wasn't an indoor portion of the gas station. Was pleasantly surprised when we walked into Fry's Marketplace. Great grocery. Stocked up on snacks and drinks. Great stop for travelers but be wary of the longer than expected drive from the interstate to Fry's. Awesome otherwise. Will return.
4	Groceries who needs em.....
3	It's a nice store but I think the employees need to go through a bit more training because they can be extremely rude and inappropriate. Also, is there really no place for the employees to go smoke but right out front where people are walking to their cars? I feel like I have to make a mad dash for my car so my son isn't exposed to the thick clouds of smoke we have to walk through!
5	Took me a while to find it but eventually did. Very friendly, very helpful staff , nice atmosphere too. They carry a wide variety of stuff sort a like a Wal-Mart. Prices here a reasonable and competitive.
4	nice big store, a lot of extra features, at times employee's are nice and helpful, most are.......i personally don't go to the pharmacy or the furniture side of the store.i love the quick check-out's, cashier's are friendly and helpful.
1	I had visited this location of Fry's it was honest to God my first and final time in this store. I had walked in with my video camera which I was filming to show my family back home my adventures moving here to Arizona was like, and had moved here from New York recently. Not even less than a moment of being in there. I had walked in and shopped around just for a moment until I was confronted by both a woman and a gentleman who was hostile and aggressive when approached. They both seemed like the assistant managers they had asked of me what the purpose was that I was filming for and responded to him letting him know. I hold a celebrity status and was showing my adventure to Arizona to my folks back home.They had approached me saying how there was a couple of customers who had complained and thought I was filming them which was a complete lie. There was absolutely no one in the background while filmingI've let them know if someone has an issue of being on camera they could tell me face to face and not cower. I would edit them out, it's not a huge deal. They had not approached me until they had seen me video filming. I had overlooked the video scenes and no one was in the background. They could be at least more professional and be upfront and honest with you if they would say it's against their store policy to film I would agree and that would be the end of that.There should be no reason to be venomous or rude. I expect at least they would be honest with you instead of putting words in you're mouth and trying to make you out to being a liar.This is the most venomous and vile customer service I've encountered. After he realized who I was and that I had a celebrity status they later had changed their tone of voice and attitude. I did not appreciate the hostile disrespectful attitude towards me and inflicted upon me. I've let them know this was the final time I was ever to step foot in their business again. In conclusion to this my final decision is never to conduct my business with them again and strongly advise anyone else to be Leary and avoid them like a plague.There is an old expression, both actually. "You're customers are always right" and "Once shot, twice shy"
