2	Just wondering if anyone else has the problems I have had with their financial institutions?  I have had Desert Schools Federal Credit Union for 20+- years.  Their online banking is for the birds.  Everytime you login and try to do something after 7 minutes it kicks you out and you have to redo everything.  Frustating!!!  Then their phone support is just as bad.  I called and my doorbell rang and when I came back it was giving me a false busy.  Was online again, doorbell rang, came back and had been kicked off. 2nd call, was in middle of conversation, doorbell rang, came back and false busy once again. I had even told the girl this last time I had to answer my door but would return.  Is there anyhway to get through life without banks????7 minutes online is not enough time to reconcile statement, pay bills online, etc.  Does anyone who designs these sites understand the process of paying bills online? Didn't think so or they would allow people to set their own time limits to complete their banking without all these problems.  Everyone is different.  Maybe some people do 1 thing and 7 minutes is enough time for them.  But other people require longer depending on what all they need to do.  I know, for example, when using the online bill payment that you have to go to all  your online sites to look up your bills to pay through the DSCU bill payment.  This takes TIME.  Why do they not understand this?  They say the reason is for security.  I don't need that much security and should be able to customize my settings for this feature.
2	In theory, I like the idea of using a local business as opposed to the big, impersonal banks... but I'm getting fed up with DS, which I only have for a home loan. I dread every time I have to access the Online system, because it is cumbersome. Because we don't want to use them for checking, there is a fee for Online payments, which is a pain. It's extremely challenging to get assistance with password issues, due to limited hours for tech support. Once you do get through, you face a ridiculous interrogation to get access to your own account... so if you like to have a lot of layers of inconvenience to prove that your account is secure, then this is the place for you. Given I can't pay Online, I called to request additional payment coupons. The coupons never arrived but I've started getting daily calls about my late payment....  continuing even after following up with an explanation and  2nd request for the coupons. Seriously, after 10+ years of on-time payments, I don't need to be harrassed by collection calls making me feel like a deadbeat.
2	I've been banking at Desert Schools for a couple years now. Overall, their services are comparable to the services offered at other credit unions and banks.I like that my money is usually available as soon as it's deposited. The web site is user friendly, and they have an easy to use mobile app for your phone.On the down side, their drive thru can be slow and their tellers sometimes make errors.One major annoyance is that lately their tellers are chatty. I get the impression they have been trained to make small talk so they appear more personable and friendly. Well stop! It's annoying. Last time I was at this location the teller asked if I had any plans for the weekend. On a Friday afternoon, I'm usually tired and between jobs. I don't want to discuss my weekend plans with the bank teller!
