4	I didn't actually buy anything while I was in here, but I was amazed with the amount of quality gear they have for so many different sports.  I could easily spend an entire day in this place playing with all the fun toys because they have something for every sport I love.  They have gear for snowboarding, water and snow skiing, wake boarding, mountain and road biking, skate boarding, and the list goes on.  Unlike the limited supply found at most sporting goods stores, they have a variety of brands and merchandise to choose from for each sport.  I was impressed with the number of snowboards they had on the floor.  I enjoyed looking through all the ski jackets and winter coats they had and I was impressed again by the variety.  The only downfall is their prices are high and I didn't see any sale signs.  They could at least start with high prices and mark them down to make it look like I'm getting a deal.  For some reason that always makes me feel better.I will be back for more browsing in the future but I'll probably have to save up before making any purchases.
2	Sun and Ski is a decent all around Outdoor Sports store.  I have wandered around here many a time looking at various clothing for running and winter sports.  I will say that they lack seriously in the cycling apparel department.  They have 2 racks (1 clearance) for women and it was mostly shorts.  If you are looking for cycling apparel then stick to Bike stores that concentrate on this or buy online.  Their hiking supplies are a little limited as well and pricey but you can find some small items in abundance.  They do however, have helpful staff especially when dealing with their Yakima selection.  All in all, Sun and ski is so general that if you want a good selection in one area of activity then it's best to find a store that specializes in that.
4	This is my equivalent to a "candy" shop for the time being.  Where else can you grab some snowboarding gear and turn around and also get some cycle gear in the same store?I noticed a lot of the items are quite specialized (and therefore expensive), but they do have pretty decent sales and clearance racks here.  It's always a good thing to go digging around and finding something for a great price that you like.The staff here are fairly knowledgeable and will give you good advice (in my experience).  They will probably stop treating me nicely once they figure out I will just be "looking" at bikes for the longest time before actually purchasing one.
3	If you do not like Gander Mountain or REI  - or are not in the vicinity of either for some reason - and just do not feel like walking to the other end of Concord Mills (a challenging task, to be sure), then Sun & Ski Sports may be for you.This boutique has a strong selection of footwear and other specialized gear for a number of sports, and perhaps most importantly, their staff is more than happy to help you - perhaps because there are not usually too many people inside.As has been mentioned, the only problem is that their prices can be on the high end.  But if you do not have time to drive all over town, and are not interested in waiting for something you order online, it might be your only choice.
5	every time i have been there i have had a great experience, purchased a lot of my equipment there for snowboarding and wakeboarding, the staff is knowledgeable and friendly, they do carry a ton of other things, but i think they specialize more in snow and wake, john h. is right about how it is a "candy" shop
4	My visit yesterday brought me in to try on & look at a light Patagonia jacket.  I was pleased to be greeted by a cheerful "hello" as soon as I walked in.  Upon going to the jackets / coat area, another employee walked up & spoke to me.  He was super knowledgeable about Patagonia, The North Face, Mountain Hardwear & a few other brands.  I mean, the guy was rattling off facts, pros & cons like he was the spec sheet!  He answered any & every question I had, even walked around trying to find other jackets that fit my need.While I didn't purchase a jacket (unfortunately, the price was way too high & I found one online for 50% off their price), I felt more confident about buying the Patagonia one after talking to the employee.As Chad said, there weren't too many people in the store when I was there either.  However, it was 3:30 PM on a weekday. Perhaps they're busier on the weekends.They do have you covered as gear is concerned - just like the name implies: Sun & Ski. Hehe.  Coats, jackets, ski wear, skis, footwear.  John pointed out & I agree, their sales & clearance racks had some nice stuff on it & in bigger sizes, too.Racks & displays are neat & organized & items priced.I'm not too big into the outdoors, so unfortunately, this won't be a regular shopping stop for me.
3	Sun & Ski is pretty much as the name suggests. It's primarily dedicated to cold weather sports. Sort of a niche market presence. I imagine they do most business in the winter however, with Lake Norman not far away there is a big market in the area for water sports too. Their biggest sections would be bikes (all types including on and off road) including a maintenance shop, snowboarding and skiing, extensive shoe selection and lots of seasonally appropriate apparel. Generally this place will satisfy your outdoor extreme sports itch if it is a specific one for the above sports. But I definitely wouldn't recommend them as a choice location for hikers, climbers and campers. If you can manage to get to REI it would be better for you. And if you're the more rugged outdoorsy type, the Bass Pro Shop at the other end of the mall is preferable.
