5	Amazing set up great atmosphere. I love the LED bar can't wait to go back. Wonderful food the chicken wings are my favorite
5	This place is amazing! Not only they provide update Chinese (Cantonese/Mandarin) songs, but also English songs.  The decorations are pretty and colorful. The rooms are nice and clean. The drinks are really good and I enjoyed the food. My favorites would be the chicken wings, gyoza, curry fish balls and the duck wings! This place is good for parties and celebration. Highly recommended their mocktails. This is going to be my new hangout place that can have great food and karaoke at the same time!
5	I LOVE this place. Now, I'm not too big of a fan of Karoke because I am tone deaf and feel embarassed singing in front of other people. My friends love to go, so once in a while I'll join them. I've been to Muse, Que, and now Viva Lounge. I LOVE Viva lounge because their policies are different (for now). In order to reserve the room, you would have to order x amount of food. It is unlimited singing time as long as you order enough food, which is how it is in Asian countries. It's PERFECT for me because I don't sing as much, so I get my money's worth from snacking on the food. Now the food is small portions, so it's not really worth it if you just order the food, but it's for food AND singing which makes it awesome! Plus the food is really good. It's way better than Muse's gross food. Their gyoza have some sort of weird sauce, but the chicken wings were so awesome! The fried food like the croquette and the calamari were perfectly fried. The batter was perfectly fried and crispy. I managed to try all the mocktails which were pretty good. There was a coconut one, a mango one, and another one. My friend asked for a honey lemon tea with less sugar, but they weren't able to do that since the drink is premixed. They do have a lot of English songs as well Asian songs. The karoke machine is not as easy to handle for people that aren't familiar with Chinese, but I managed it. They actually show music videos of the songs or live concert clips.  All in all, I would go again. I do not know how long they're going to continue their pricing with ordering x amount of food. They only have 3 karoke rooms, and it doesn't really make business sense to continue with unlimited singing time when other places charge by the hour. So , we shall see!
5	It's was our first time here. Friend of ours Brian. Said this place is new and sound is really good. We came and tried it out. We arrive around 8:30 and left around 1:30. Within 5 hours, we had two grey goose and one cirque peach vodka. We all singed and had fun. Good thing the environment was clean, neat and friendly. Most KTV lounge I was disgusted by the nasty bathroom. This location bathroom was clean.Will be back soon!
5	This has become one of my fav hangout! Best of all, these guys run a honest business, left my iPhone 6 one night and they kept it for me! Impressive!
5	Best lounge to hang out with your friend. Have private room. Nice food, staff, food and drink. Gotta try this place! Highly recommended
5	This is a great place to hang out with friends! Many updates songs to sing!!! I love the environment! I will definitely go again!
