3	Ye old greasy spoon.Tag's has a big menu that gives you instant heartburn just by reading it. Try the club sandwich. It won't disappoint. Service is quick, food is decent. Place where all the old school locals come out and get their lukewarm coffee on.
4	Tag's is a great place to lunch after visiting Casa Grande Ruins National Monument. It was packed with locals at 1:00 P.M. on a Friday in November. We considered this a sign. All of the tables were full but they seated us (4 people) with locals who proceeded to help us in ordering. Everything was hot and delicious with friendly, sassy, speedy service. Our new friends turned us on to watching skydiving at the Eloy airport. We watched for 45min and saw at least 100 people dive. This will be on our "A" tour for visitors.
3	Tag's Cafe is a solid breakfast/mexican food oriented cafe in the sleepy town of Coolidge. It is worth a visit, if only to savor its "frozen in time" slice of rural AZ small town life.I have been going there for several years as a scooterist. When motorcycling, there needs to be a reason for your ride and finding a place to eat is a primary reason. It is the ideal terminus of a ride and many motorcyclists can be found there on any weekend morning. They are mainly made up of the fierce looking, but docile harley crowd (CPAs by day) and retired road warriors on trikes.The place is very retro, highlighted by an atmospheric, peeling paint marquee sign. Inside is all from the 60's: flip clock, formica counter, cast-base stools, etc. Sadly, there is now no smoking. I'm not a smoker, but the front room used to be filled with smoke and non-smokers were shunted into a less desirable back room. The crowd is local farmers shooting the breeze, small businessmen, and random locals for the most part (except for the bikers). Waitresses are friendly and very quick, as is the food production in the kitchen.They excel with breakfast, having all of the standards and no foo-foo items. There is a decent representation of mexican breakfasts, as well. I have settled in on the denver omelet with hashed browns as my go-to breakfast there. Nice and greasy, but full of flavor. I enhance it with their STELLAR home-made hot sauce. For lunch I normally go with mexican food, although there is a general americana sort of offering, as well. They make a solid red sauce and I normally do cheese enchiladas. Lots of gooey cheese: I must squeeze out a fair amount of it and set it aside.All-in-all a great throwback in time with solid breakfast and mexican food. Visit if you are a motorcyclist, on a drive, or visiting the ruins.
3	I felt like we had stepped back 40 years or more.  When we stopped in to Tags for our late lunch it was populated with old ranchers, local law enforcement  and other denizens of the area.  It was easy to sit at a table by the window and watch the world slowly pass by along the main drag in sleepy Coolidge, AZ.Tag's Cafe serves diner food and some diner style Mexican food.  I had a combo with a tamale, taco and some other thing that was basically a half in patty of masa fried and topped with cheese and sauce.  The food was respectable, not tremendous.  I thought the shredded beef taco was the best item.  The beef was tender and flavorful - almost like shredded brisket or pot roast.If you find yourself in Coolidge (it happens) you should go to Tag's Cafe over all the chain crap that fills out much of the main drag.It's been around since the 50's or so...
4	I've been coming to Tag's for about a year or so and found it to be wonderful place and yes, a trip back in time. Tag's menu incorporate both southwest and American foods in over sized quantities.  While you're there I would recommend the locally made knick-knacks along the walls that you can purchase.  The food is good and service is great!Enjoy!
4	Great diner.  Love to go on weekend mornings for a "big breakfast". Service is friendly and fast.
3	Went after reading all the reviews, we had to make a trip to Florence and was starving. Don't know what all the fuss was about, was just ok. We ordered the fried chicken dinner because we can't find anywhere in AZ. that serves it. So we were excited when we saw it on the menu. When they served it I thought I would fall off my chair laughing. The leg and wings were the smallest I've ever seen, was kinda wondering if they even came from a chicken. I thought maybe they went across the street to pizza hut and took some of their hot wings, but they were even smaller than that. The thigh was smaller than the palm of my hand. The Breast was on the small side too but not as small as the other pieces. The flavor was just ok, nothing so special that would make us want to go back. Maybe we just ordered the wrong dish. The place was not packed like I saw in other reviews either and for a Saturday night. Only 3 tables filled. Best of luck to those that loved it.
3	Found this place while sight seeing at Casa Grande.  While it is a diner, I hightly recommend the mexican food.  I had the tamale, taco, torta combo.  VERY yummy.  The staff was friendly and helped with recommendations.The decor is typical diner decor, but was packed with locals, so you know it is good.
1	i have been here twice once for breakfast and once for dinner. the breakfast was  average. For dinner i had enchiladas and taco it was the worst mexican food i have ever had. the sauce tasted like the dollar store sauce and the enchilada had green olives on it, you dont put green olives on that kind of food.  the silverware was dirty and there were flys buzzing  all around.  the waitress was ok , but i won't be going back.
2	We have lived in the area since '07 and have never eaten here. We finally went for breakfast and here is what we discovered. Food - ok at best. The sausage tasted like it was reheated in a deep fryer. The hashbrowns were mushy and barely warm. The chix fried steak was not crispy due to being smothered in gravy. Both our meals seemed just barely warm. Service - again ok at best. Trying to get that second cup of coffee is a real bear. The third cup is even harder. $20 for two, you be the judge. I really get the feeling that if your not a regular your not wanted. They have their steady locals and thats what they feel comfortable with. Overall, probably wont be back for breakfast. Just to answer one last question, when we got there they werent that busy.
5	I have passed by Tag's Cafe on my motorcycle many times while riding through Coolidge on my way to anywhere out of the relentless desert heat (like lovely Bisbee).  Many riders told me it is a great place to eat at, so when one of my riding groups decided to go there, I just had to try it.  First and most important, they are a very motorcycle friendly place to eat with plenty of great parking.  Second, they have great food!  I love their hash browns - I am pretty sure they were really homemade and not out of a freezer bag because they tasted so good.  Try them with Tags homemade salsa - mmmm.  You will love this place!  Service is excellent.  Prices are very reasonable.  I will definitely return soon.
1	The food was disgusting. The service was inadequate. I fail to understand the point of even being open. There is a Pizza Hut across the street. Do yourself a favor and eat there. I was hungry when I left and angry that I just wasted the money.
3	[Solid 3.5 stars but not quite enough to round up to 4...at least 4 stars by Coolidge standards for sure.]Ask a local where to go for lunch and this is one of 2 places that they mention.  This a total classic local diner.  The place where the locals have come for years and with good reason, the staff know them by name and the place has good food, classic American and Mexican favorites.  While my travel mates went for the burgers and fries (which they thoroughly enjoyed), I went for the Daily Special.  On this day the special was Meatloaf. mashed potatoes and gravy, corn and Texas toast.  The portions are generous.  The mashed potatoes and gravy quality.  The meatloaf was much better than expected.  My favorite thing on the plate though was the buttered Texas toast. So good that I now that I think of it my mouth waters.  Toasted to perfection and buttery as all heck.  If I go back I am getting their grilled cheese on Texas toast.  While you are in town make some time to stop and see Casa Grande Ruins National Monument.  The largest know 2 story Native American structure.
1	There last night for dinner.  Couldn't have been more disappointed!! Food wasn't good enough to be mediocre.  Place is definitely going down hill.
2	The place looked closed but we looked and people were eating inside.  Came in and sat down and we're ignored for over 10 minutes.   We got up to leave and all the sudden they wanted to help us.  Sort of.  I had to beg for a tea refill and when we got the food it was decent but VERY greasy and tough even after my grandmother explained her dietary restrictions.   We won't be back and and her tip will probably be as doubtful as her service.   I know waitresses work hard for their income but this lady either wasn't cut out for it or decided we were uneducated country bumpkins.
