4	Awesome place! While I didn't try the Breton cake (this place's name) I did try to the almond croissant, the spinach and onion quiche.The croissant was perfect - light and airy inside with an definite crust on the outside. The filling was sweet, rich almond flavor without being overdone.The quiche was wonderful! Tasty, light, not dense.I noticed the other customers ordering everything from sandwiches, soup, other pastries and all rated their quality highly. Definitely worth a visit!
5	23$ for a Whole Kouign Amann and 21$ if you order it in advance! So i ordered one friday to start my week on the right track - speaking of desert of course - and Kouign Amann is crack cocain: IT'S ADDICTIVE!It's so good, I Wish I could plug it directly to my vein! ;)You need to try that, It's awesome on a terrasse (patio) to have a piece while drinking a good beer.
5	We were lured to the Patisserie when we noticed croissants in the window. The smell of butter-baked goodness was incredible. I gained 5 lbs just breathing in there. We ordered the Kouing-Amann and a chocolate tart. The Kouing-Amann changed my life. It was the most delectable dessert I have ever eaten. Sweet, but not too sweet, buttery, soft, but with a hard sugar glaze. I will chase this dessert to the ends of the earth.The chocolate tart was moist and flavorful. It was perhaps the best chocolate tart I have ever had. However compared to the Kouing-Amann it was "mehh". Which is saying a ton.The shop was small..I think 5-6 tables. It was crowded (understandably). The employees seemed nice enough, but it was clear that no one spoke English. This wasn't a problem as pointing worked wonders. The decor was simple and cute and I was super charmed to see the bakers in the back shaping the most perfect croissants. Diet be damned...I will return for more.Bottom line: A hidden gem and a destination. Try the Kouing-Amann!
5	Maybe one of the best places I have ever dined.  Everything is perfect.  Quiche, Croissants, Coffee!  I will go to Montreal just to eat here!
5	Awesome! I live nearby and go often. It's a magical little place.
4	Those two tiny tables in the front in the windows just raised a bit off the street on Mount Royal in the tiny yellow building that's wafting smells like French bread heaven? Yeah. That's where you want to be. Everything is tasty, but the brownie is worth calling your mom about, worth writing a hit pop song about, worth picking up some to take home for a weekend of bliss with a loved one or, you know, alone. Delicious lattes to be had here too, and always charming service.
5	The BEST croissants in town- for sure, bar none. I have been in love with this little gem since I first walked into the tiny charming shop decades ago- the quality, the butter, the flakiness, the smells!! Such a treat, each and every time!
5	Best croissant in the city. Everything is amazing, except the bagette.
5	Oh yeah!While the croissants were very good (nice crunch, very buttery, great texture), the real highlight for me was the Kouign-Amann. Apparently a specialty of Brittany, this is a magical and somewhat simple pastry that consists of layered dough and sugar.  I'm no expert, never had it before today, but OMG it was awesome! The layers gave it a great texture, and the outer layers were slightly caramelized.  Can't wait to have more!
5	The best Almond Croissants EVER!!!  They are large, warm and sheer perfection. They really do melt in your mouth--no exaggeration.  It was our first full day in Montreal--it was also my birthday--and since the weather was pleasant and the snow was gone we had the opportunity to take a walking tour of the city.  We started in the Plateau where we were introduced to Kouign Amann.Our first stop was to get the best croissants in Montreal--or at least that is what Martin our tour guide told us.  Before we could make our way into the cute little shop, the smell of fresh baked pastries greeted me outside.  As soon as I stepped inside I knew I was in the right place.
5	Best croissants! Great staff!
5	I absolutely love this place. I love french bread so I visited at least six different bakeries while I was traveling and this place was the best bakery. Yes, there aren't much variety but their croissant is THE best ever.
5	This is by far the best bakery in the Plateau! I discovered this magnificent little gem on my way to a weekly commitment I had just two blocks from here. It is so charming and old world, just passing through the threshold will transport you back 100 years. I highly recommend the spinach quiche! But decide for yourself which one is best, try them all! The seasonal tarts are to die for. My husband and I believe that the croissant are perhaps the best in all of Montreal. Unfortunately, there is no outdoor seating and there are very few tables and chairs available inside. But what Boulangerie Kouing Amman lacks in space it certainly makes up for in bake goods!
4	Their squash soup warms the heart!
5	This is my second time visiting this bakery and I literally drove 5 hours from Dover, NH USA to Montreal Quebec to pick up two of these amazing Kouign Amann's! LOL ok, so I did have a few other things to do for fun in town, but this was a top priority.This pastry is amazing! A buttery piece of heaven on earth!! If you haven't had one, and are in the area, GO! I actually introduced a Montreal local to this place and they were blown away!
4	Love this place for their Kouign-Amann, a specialty of Brittany. Be aware that if you want to buy a full one to bring to friends, you need to order ahead of time or have a long discussion with the employees and get chastised because they can't manage to properly plan ahead and have enough on hand, because of course capitalism seems to work best when you actually have product left on the shelf to sell. Best when warm.
5	I wish I could give a place MORE stars. Every time I think about this place, I salivate. Their croissants are to die for, their coffee is the best I've ever had, their quiche is always so moist and delicious... Just thinking about their food I want to go!!
5	I recently discovered this bakery thanks to my better half. The baked good are delicious and you hardly taste the butter which i love. Enjoy :D
5	Ridiculously good. The only other kouign amann ive had is by dominique ansel in Soho in NYC. And I actually this place better. Flaky, sweet, butter, crisp. We also ordered some of their croissants. All were good.  So im by no means an expert of what the kouign amann is supposed to be.  This has an open bakery in the background where u can see their bakers hard at work
5	Named after the famous Breton butter pastry, Boulangerie Kouign Amann looks as though it could be as old as many of the pastry stores in Paris and with chipped signage in red and yellow you'd barely notice it unless you were looking - though judging from my ten minute visit the locals certainly know it is there.  Manned by two bakers and a young woman serving as the hostess and cashier it was not long after I entered that I was asking in French, then in fluent English if I knew what I wanted and deferring to allow others to proceed I browsed the options largely to wait for a the last slice of the restaurant's namesake to be packed up so a new, fresh one would be procured from the wire racks; at that point I stepped forward and placed my order for the two items I'd come for plus a third selection at the young woman's suggestion.With each item packed in brown paper and a modest tab of two toonies and a loonie paid I stepped into the street to enjoy my items and beginning first with the item suggested by the server I nearly went back inside to buy more as the Raspberry Custard Danish would prove to be the best Danish I've ever had - a flaky butter pastry stuffed with rich vanilla custard at its center plus a half-dozen ruby colored berries and a dusting of powdered sugar.  Soft and dense but with a light crackle along the edges plus soft hints of butter and cream melding with the slightly tart raspberries - it was remarkable to put it lightly.Moving next to my selections, well, when an outstanding almond croissant isn't the best pastry of the day you know you ordered right.  Beginning first with the croissant, a double-baked beauty loaded with sliced toasted almonds and a light dusting of powdered sugar, it was perhaps the messiest version of the pastry I've ever tasted as it shattered with each bite releasing crumbs, almonds, and sugar in plethora.  With a soft center rife with butter and only a kiss of frangipane it was divine - I almost went back for another.  For the final bite - the signature Kouign Amann, but this time different from those I'd experienced prior as the large butter pastry was actually a cheese-like wheel subsequently cut into slices with a crackling caramelized top and bottom surrounding what essentially tasted like butter and sugar suspended in air.  Light and perfect, texturally complex, and still warm - if you live within a roadtrip of Montreal this is reason enough to go (amongst so many others.)
4	What is there to not love about hot, fresh pastries in a cute little bakery?! This place is the bomb!I recommend:-Ham and cheese croissant - this is a croissant with a thick slab of ham (not the cheap deli ham), cheese, and then more cheese sprinkled on top for $3.50-Quiche - any kind. They are all very goodYou can easily get a hearty breakfast here for 2 people for $10. It's lovely to come here on a sunny day and people watch.
5	This is by far the best place for croissants and chocolatines in town, I've been going to premiere moisson for years but this is the real deal !!! And one quite an amazing thing about this place is that they somehow only serve hot croissants fresh out of the oven !!!  And please .. Don't forget to try the great house specialty the Kouign-Amann;     Hope u enjoy as much as I did
5	Fantastic. Small, simple place that does everything right. The quiche is light and flavorful, the kouign amann is delicious, the criossants are buttery and soft..... even the coffee is great. Everything you'd want in a little bakery for your morning coffee and pastry.
5	After somehow agreeing to trek halfway across Montreal to eat lunch at a Vegan restaurant (still in food coma from Liverpool House the night before, see review)  I came to my senses and realized I needed real coffee and dessert made with things like cream or butter.  Found this spot thanks to a large number of positive Yelp Reviews.  Turns out they don't take CC but were happy to take our American Dollars.We ordered three completely different items an all were still warm (it was about 2:30 pm) and delicious - not even a crumb made it out of this boulangerie unless it was in our stomachs.   Coffee also excellent.Only a short stroll  (couple of blocks0 from a metro stop.  If in the area, I highly recommend it!
5	A little secret of a bakery and somewhat off the beaten path for tourists but worth the detour; this little shop has a selection of croissants, quiche and the star namesake, Kouign Amann.  This terrific pastry, native to Brittany, is pretty special with its caramelized crispy sugar and buttery dough.  A must!  Good coffee available but be forewarned there are only 3 small tables with tight seating for 8-10.  A standout by any measure!
5	A must-visit in Montreal. World-class baked goods fresh from the oven. You can watch them baking everything as you stand there waiting to order - it's a special experience. Try the soups as well. The quiche also was incredible - maybe the best I've ever had. I wish they would open one of these in San Francisco!
5	So my husband and I were in Montreal for a long weekend filled with delicious food and a little romance and he told me that there was a little shop with a wooden storefront that had the best croissants.He has a habit of thinking he knows where something is, which leads to us walking or driving or Bixi-ing around in circles for a while until he admits that he may not know where it is.   Well, that happened with this Boulangerie and luckily for both of us - we found it!The staff is very welcoming and did not mind our Frenglish requests for chocolate croissants (fantastic!), chocolat chaud (rich!), as well as quiche, kouign-amann, and almond croissants during our two visits.   My favorites were the croissants, especially the chocolate, cause I'm a chocolate kind of girl.   Now that I checked in and reviewed it, may we never forget where it is again.
5	I was in charge of desserts for friends' new year's dinner, so naturally I got a whole bunch of kouign amann (my fave pastry ever) from the boulangerie.We ended up not having enough to split among the group because I ate one too many before bringing the pastries to dinner... then I lied about having never had the boulangerie's kouign amann so my poor french friends would ration me the last piece on the table.Am I going to hell for all the gluttony and lies?
5	Their croissant is the kingpin of Montreal's pastries. I have tried so many great bakeries in town, but I keep coming back to this one. People prefer their croissants for various reasons though, but here's why I love theirs: moist, silky soft and unrestrainedly buttery inside, always served warm and humbly crunchy outside. It's NOT one of those croissants that will leave a flaky mess on your skirt (or pants), which are just as delicious and probably the preference of some people. If that's your kind of croissant, go to Fous Desserts.
4	Small place with a lot of character. It sort of feels like a lower easy side/easy village kind if place. Good but small selection of pastries. Only a few tables there for those of you who want to sit and stay. Grabbed a good cross section of their baked goods and headed back to the hotel. Great tasting and presentable stuff. Give them a shot! An added plus was the nice guy who helped us and rang us out. Shared some laughs. Good vibe off of this place!
5	Best croissants I have ever had in my life!!!! The kouign-Amman was also delicious....it was the first time I had tried it. The prices were reasonable and, if I had enough room/hands, I would have bought out the whole bakery to bring home to my friends. This is definitely a place that is worth going when in Montreal.
5	Went here on a short weekend trip with the boyfriend for a quick and tasty breakfast - we were not let down.  I found this bakery through yelp and thought "this sounds perfect" so off we went.  The croissants and quiche were perfect in every way and I will gladly return! Pointer: the guy that was at the counter didn't speak any english but he's really sweet so be kind and patient and I'm sure you'll enjoy your experience.
5	Crossiants. fuck yea.
4	Cute place with beautiful looking croissants, I wanted a chocolate one, but they gave me an almond one, it was good anyway.
4	2 flaky croissants that tasted very good. Staff was very friendly. They don't take credit card, but they open at 7AM
5	I have had Kouign Amann many times before but never cut like a slice of pizza.  I was a little skeptical to be honest because all the ones I've had were small, individual pastries.  This little slice proved me wrong!  Slightly sweet and purely delicious!  The simplest things are the easiest to mess up so when I encounter something so simple but utterly delicious, I tend to savor it a bit longer.  The best part for me what the "crust" on the end.  The sugars had caramelized just enough on the edges that it created a caramel-like flavor.  I couldn't stop nodding with satisfaction. Absolutely worth the 20 min walk from the hotel. I'm in Montreal as I'm writing this and there's no doubt I'm going again tomorrow morning.
5	This place makes the best croissants in the city for sure (may be one of the best I've had!) not a lot of seating, but try and get them when they're fresh and hot - well worth it!!
5	Delicious, delicious pastries. They constantly bake fresh batches so everything is warm, right out of the oven. Almond croissant was crispy and flaky, and I liked it more than the chocolate croissants, but best of all was the kouign-amann. Soft layers of buttery dough with a sweet caramelized shell. Yum!
5	If you're looking for the butteriest, most mouth-watering, melt-in-your-mouth croissants in Montreal, you need not look any further. Not to mention fresh breads, pastries and an incredible squash soup that is richer and creamier than a dairy farmer. Don't be thrown off by the line out the door. It moves fast, and even if it didn't, their baked goods are well worth the wait.
5	Unbelievably good croissants and espresso. Wonderful people working their. Great vibes! I visited Montreal recently and went their at least 8 times in 4 days.
5	The croissants were sooo delicious, but the real gem is the Kouin-Amann (which I still can't pronounce).  Grabbed some croissants and the aforementioned bakery item, along with a cup of coffee, and headed to Parc LaFontaine.  Aboslutely delicious breakfast.  My only regret is that I didn't buy more croissants for the road.
5	Don't you just love it when something lives up to its hype? And so it was with these incredibly crispy, irresistibly buttery croissants.Certainly among the best I've ever had!
5	This is a tiny bakery located in the heart of the Plateau with a mighty fine product.   The croissants are to die for and will not disappoint.  The exterior is crispy while the interior is chewy and oh so buttery.  I also tried their homemade strawberry-mango juice which was very fruity and didn't seem to contain lots of added sugar.  I haven't tried their signature Kouign Amann yet but I will definitely be trying it on a future visit.  It's just so hard to decide between that or the croissants because they all look and smell so good!Just a heads up that it is cash only so be sure you have enough when you go.  Their prices are very reasonable.  You will not be disappointed by this place!
5	This place is spectacular. Very friendly service and amazing chocolatines! We shared one on Saturday and came back for 2 more on Sunday. Buttery, light, warm, and perfect chocolate. I'm salivating just thinking of it. First stop next time we are in Montreal! (Best chocolatine we had in Montreal.) I'm guessing that everything is good.
5	Just loved their croissants. I would go back just for that! Incredibly crispy on the outer shell with really nice buttery flaky layers in the inside. Every other croissant since then seemed dull and grey. I stopped eating them out of fear I might get depressed if I continued. Perhaps I'm being a bit melodramatic but it really was that good. Oh how I miss it so!
5	You can't go wrong with this place. Anything you order will melt your heart and have you wishing you lived near this bakery. Sometimes there is a line and nowhere to sit but who cares. Learn to be patient , walk to the nearest park and enjoy bliss.
5	What can I say about this old fashion bakery with old world pricing!! Their kouign Amin is the best I had (better than D. Ansel in NYC) and it is only $1.95 and their croissants are also the best - buttery and flaky and tender inside (only $1.35)  the pricing is as of Nov.13th 2013!They could easily charge double for their awesome goods and it would still be a bargain!!!!!!
5	Best croissance that's all u gotta say.....
5	Absolutely the BEST croissants ever!  It is a really small place but they are baking bread all day long and serving it right away. I have not tried the sandwiches and the french baguettes are baked too early in the morning so they were cold when I got there. The chocolate croissants are incredible too!
5	As good as it gets, the closest to a Croissant from France.  Hands down the best in the city.
5	I could write an entire novel about this place. Discovering this diamond in the rough changed my life. Exaggeration? Absolutely not.I was visiting Montreal with my friend, and we were dying to buy our first croissant. We had no idea where to begin, but we were in the area and decided to explore. We stumbled across this hole in the wall, and it was like walking into your grandma's kitchen. The smells were intoxicating, the food looked delicious, and the staff was cheery, sincere, and all-around wonderful. I kept it simple by getting a butter croissant, but I don't think I could've gone wrong with anything in the shop. The croissant was warm, flaky, airy, and absolutely the most delicious croissant I've ever had in my entire life. I couldn't believe my mouth, to be frank. After experiencing one, my friend and I ended up here three or four more times; we were only in Montreal for four days. We went out of our way to drive to Boulangerie before leaving the city for Toronto! That last time, I did get a delicious mocha.As the woman who seemed to run the joint said to me every time she handed me my order - Voila! That's right. It was like I was brought to this place by some higher power.I need a croissant. Now.
5	Adorable patisserie with a couple little tables in the window front. Best almond croissant ever, though the apple turnover wasn't too shabby either.
4	The pastries here are a delight, and the croissants can hardly be beat - especially for the low price of about $1.25/each. The front of the shop is very tiny with only two tables, so it is hard to stop in for a snack, but it is great to get croissants to go. The back of the shop is fairly open and it is nice to watch the bakeries hand rolling all of the croissants one by one. If this place had better coffee and a few more places to perch while you enjoy your snacks, I would give it five stars. But again, you're likely not going to find better croissants in the city.
3	Boulangerie Kouign-Amann's version of the butter cake is served as a slice from a larger disk (different from the biscuit-shaped ones that I'm more familiar with in my home city).It was crispy, crunchy, flaky, chewy, and almost juicy from all the butter that's in it! However, I prefer the biscuit shape as it's smaller and has a greater surface area, resulting in more crunchy caramelized bits on the outside.Regardless of shape, kouign-amanns are still fun to say, and even more fun to eat!
4	Great food. Amazing pasteries. Only problem is there are only two tables for sitting. We had to grab pur food and eat somewhere else. But totalllly worth it!
5	I almost don't want to tell about this place and keep it a secret, all to myself. I love croissants - in my opinion, it's the perfect thing you can have with your morning coffee. These guys make the most delicious croissants, no wonder this was my 1 st stop in Montreal at 6:30 am. It's a tiny bakery with just 2 tables inside, cozy and neat looking. Croissants come in any variety: chocolate, almond, jamon and gruyere -- you name it... And then there is kouign amman - a thing I've never even heard of before. You must try it, it's something out of this world. If I was living in this city, I would be visiting them daily no doubt. Their coffee is pretty great as well to compliment whatever it is you'll be munching on.
3	I liked this place, but it's another victim of inflated expectations. We went in drooling for the legendary kouign amann, and it was good- but not mind blowing.decor/ambiance - 5/5It's an awesome and intimate little bakery with only two tables. Once inside, the fragrant smell of fresh bread tickles your senses. Also it's nice and toasty.Service- 3/5Yes I know we were foreigners and yes I know we asked if we could pay with card. But did they really have address us with barely concealed snobbiness? Food- 3.5/5As I mentioned, the kouign amann was pretty good. However, even when hot, it was difficult in spots to cut with a knife and/or chew. I was under the impression that it would almost melt in my mouth. Oh well- it was still good. Bottom line- The place is nice inside and has good pastries.
5	You feel the sun on your face when you enter. Best hot croissant on the Plateau! Good. Good. Good.
5	This place is absolutely incredible. Following a tip from a friend, I found this tiny patisserie a few days ago wandering around Plateau Mt. Royal. As she described the windows are always steamy from them making fresh pastries. The almond croissant was incredible but my favorite is the house name, Kouign Amann which was blow me away amazing. The coffee was strong but perfect for my taste. Only 2 tables so be mindful of that. But who cares if the pastries are that good! Likely going back for a third time in 6 days today!
3	Small little bakery and was wondering how a croissant could be so incredible.Let's put it this way, I left feeling the same way.Got the almond croissant with two americanos.Good but nothing special.
5	my wife and I visited Montreal end of march, 2014, and had the good fortune to visit this charming bakery. immediately upon entering, you know you are in someplace special. the air is warm and moist from all the freshly baked pastries. visually the place looks ancient like something out of Charles Dickens. the people who work there are friendly and expert at delivering the goods. the ambience is incredibly intimate without any hint of pretense. it was one of the highlights of our stay in Montreal - perhaps THE highlight. as another reviewer put it, this place is an absolute jewel. I especially loved the almond croissant -  the maple walnut tart and brownie muffin were also wonderful.
4	Wonderful food, really enjoyed their specials.
5	In my opinion, this is the best bakery in Montreal.  Every time I visit, I take the Metro up to Mont Royal and lineup for the croissants and Kouign Amann signature dessert.  It's so nice to see the ladies cutting up real butter and baking throughout the day.  Nothing beats a warm croissant.  It's cash only, so best hit up the ATM beforehand!
5	*runs through door*- lunchlady doris, have you got any butter?- yes, yes we do- then butter me up woman!this is butter heaven and ODing on butter is highly probable. croissants are good but lets face it, we all go here for one thing and one thing only, the kouign-amann (queen a man). one slice is never enough so i always grab the whole disc. well, if they have whole discs left and by the next afternoon, it's all gone. me, my nephews and niece, when in front of such marvelous buttery piece of heaven, we simply can't contain ourselves..there's more than just kouign-amanns and croissants but i never bother. yes, a case of tunnel vision.i've seen them explain how to make kouign-amanns on tv (which sold me) before but like any butter pastries, it takes too long to make..speaking of which, it's been a while since i got any..
5	Amazing pastries! The best croissant I've ever had, no doubt about it. Their coffee and tea is also really good, and their raspberry juice is so refreshing.
5	Probably the nicest fluffy/ crunchy mix for croissants in montreal. Very fresh and wonderful buttery aroma
5	Can't believe that I haven't written a review for this place considering how often I go. Hands down, THE best croissants in the city...there, I said it. They constantly have a new batch in the oven and the place smells divine from afar, like a siren calling me to 'eat more butter.' The people complaining about lack of variety, WTF? You go for the croissants and the Kouing Aman...what else do you need?!? Damn, now I' hungry.
5	Kougn Amann has to be one of the best things you can put in your mouth! Run there, don't walk! The croissants and the quiche were pretty good too!
5	Hands down the best Croissants in Montreal. They are orgasmic-ally delicious. The first time I went here, I got croissants right from the oven. Was like heaven. I dunno what makes em so awesome. Maybe they add crack in em and it makes me go all Rob Ford on em. Food : WOWService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : YesP.S. :  I do not endorse Smoking Crack
5	I am a harsh judge of pastries but this place blew me away! I am already planning my next trip back just so I can have these heavenly baked goods again. Cash only!
5	Note: when going here make sure to ask for what has just come out of the oven. Those are always your best bet. You can't go wrong here with any of the croissants or baked goods. The staff is friendly and the place is quaint. If in Montreal, this is a must.
5	Amazing....the kouign-amann is so amazing...Must taste to appreciate.
5	I've been around the world, and I can honestly say that this is the BEST bakery I've EVER been to.  Their signature cake, the "kouign amann" is so delicious!  It's cheap too!  The service was fantastic, and they are happy to speak English for us non-Quebec'ians.  Only negative thing:  not enough seating
5	Best place in Mtl to find real croque monsieurs with bechemel like you'd get in France. So good!
5	This French bakery was amazing. The croissants were fresh and soft but just the right amount of crisp and buttery. I also got a veggie quiche which was delicious and tried the Kouign Amman pastry which was amazing! It's like a croissant but with caramelized sugar. A very fluffy puff pastry with similar layers to a croissant but even better which I didn't think was possible because I love croissants!
5	Just got back from Paris and was looking for a bakery that sells kouign Amann... We found a very popular place called georges larnicol that had these things called kouignettes.  Anyway... We were very disappointed.  That kouignettes sucked in Paris.  We're now convinced that no other bakery in the world has better kouign Amann than this place.  Not to also mention the croissants are delicious as well.  We love this place so much... Everything is top notch.  Visit 1 bakery in Montreal you must visit this one.... Beware, orgasm in your mouth.   Love your biggest fans, ralph and tommy.
5	This place makes by far the best croissant I've ever had. I'm tempted to drive back to montreal (from boston) to get another.
5	So much win. The most perfect, flaky croissants I've ever had. I was in Montreal for five days and I think I had ten of them. My mouth is watering right now. I loved the chocolate and ham and cheese (that's two different types of croissants- though these pastries are so good a hybrid would probably still be good), but the best was the almond. Holy shit, you guys. Coated in crispy almonds and glazed/caramelized on top of it's buttery, doughy layers, these things are pillowy perfection. Sigh.All of the workers were super nice and helpful and didn't act like it was a hassle that my French is limited to words I've heard in Ratatouille. The place itself is like a bakery from the movies. Montreal, I will be back, and the first place I'm stopping is Au Kouign Amann.
5	I am always on the lookout for a good croissant and thought the ones at AKA were super delicious! I tried the plain butter, my friend tried the cheese. We went back the next day and ordered more.
5	Wow ,, just wow.This place worth the travail. I wouldn't mind to eat everyday breakfast there for the rest of my life.Every thing they have is fresh and very good.
5	Great spot. Chocolatines were ok. Nothing to write home about, which would've been disappointing if they didn't have the best croissants ever. I don't remember any croissant I've had in Paris tasting better than these ones. Cafe au lait was great. Kouign-Amann was good, but not really my thing.
5	Best boulangerie in town!!We have tried their kouign-Amann, chocolatines, chausson aux pommes and cranberry tarts, all kill !!A real french bakery, very nice decor and very friendly and funny staff
5	I saw the reviews on Yelp and knew I had to stop by this magical dream factory of wonder.  I've had a kouign-Amman before and couldn't wait to have one that didn't come out of a box in the frozen section.It sent me on a spiritual quest to a world where anything is possible and everything tastes like flaky caramelized pastry layers and butter.  I met a golden angel that gave me a ride to the moon and back.  Together we unraveled the secrets of the universe.  I came to in a heap on the floor.  "JE VOUDRAIS UN CROISSANT AUX AMANDES" I barked, my broken French resonating off the walls.  The team of pastry chefs in the back room looked at me quizzically, their trays of unbaked goodies rising on the table in front of them.  The eternally kind and patient counter staff collectively rolled their eyes.  "Typical American" they thought.  I was given a to go bag with the pastry inside.  The sides of the bag glistened from the butter seeping out of the fresh baked good.  The almond croissant had a crispy outer layer surrounding a custard like crumb and was so good it made me want to slap someone.  Instead I just put a toonie in the bucket and left feeling like a BOSS.Come get some life changing pastries at this place.  Their coffees okay, but really it's the pastries that will make your taste buds take a one way express trip to flavor country.
5	Best pastries in Montreal, their almond croissants are to die for as well as their kouign aman. Always fresh and warm the prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. A must go in montreal.
