5	If you want to work out and get the best results possible I would highly recommend training with this man here. He is by far one of the nicest person I have ever met but a hard trainer to get you were you want to be. Not only is by far the best trainer I've ever had but is a great friend as well. He motivates and inspires you to meet and exceed your personal and fitness goals. I highly recommend him to any one that wants to start their fitness career.
5	I'm the owner and head personal trainer of Meek Bleek Fitness! I take a huge pride in what I do, that's why I created it my own business. I truly feel that my success is solely based on my clients success. There is nothing better than seeing your clients proud of all their hard work, and seeing the positive changes in their lives. I have a unique and intense style of training that incorporates many styles of fitness, such as cardio kickboxing/boxing, strength training, TRX, and other forms of functional strength. I offer diet coaching and accountability, and well as online personal training to give you everything you need to reach your health and fitness goals! Let me give your your first session free, and I'm confident you will be hooked! Limited number of spaces, so if schedule is full, you will be put on a wait list.
5	While pregnant I gained 50 lbs!..I was so embarrassed of the weight I had gained that I told myself I refuse to use my pregnancy as an excuse!..I've been working with meek bleek for awhile now and have since then lost 45 lbs!..I love his work outs and motivation!..I totally recommend this guy as he is genuine in his concern of getting you to where you want to be!..I couldn't ask for a better trainer!
5	It's rare for someone to be able to consistently push me beyond what I think are my physical limits and more importantly for me to like it!!! Josh of Meek Bleek Fitness does just that and no matter the challenge of the day I've learned from Josh that my mind will be ready to quit before my body is even close to done. At the end of each workout, after I catch my breath of course, I know I kicked that workout's butt! I'm definitely stronger and more toned. Hard work pays off!!!
5	For the past couple of months I have been training with Josh on a variety of fitness exercises and also on basic fighting techniques. I enjoyed every session and I can honestly say I have learned a ton about how/what to eat and how to exercise properly and how to make fitness a part of my life. Josh will challenge you every time you work with him because he knows you are capable of accomplishing any goal you set for yourself. Josh is not only a fitness instructor.. he is also a life coach and he will help you become better, faster, stronger in life.
5	Josh Bleeker is as legit as can be!  Meek Bleek is an amazing system with all kinds of innovative and exciting options.  I would highly recommend anyone who is serious about reaching and exceeding their personal fitness and health goals!
