5	The crew here is fantastic! Always happy to see you and will do anything they can to help you out. A+!
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!This store offered to ship my WINE and since it is delicate and we know how bad UPS drivers toss around boxes, I paid for the insurance. A bottle broke so my wine got sent back to me. When I went to pick it up, I found 10 of my 12 bottles sitting in the bottom of a box. I offered to re-wrap the bottles so they would arrive safely. The store manager denied the re-shipping of my package. She said, "IT IS ILLEGAL TO SHIP WINE." hmm what is wrong with this statement? Its called BAD BUSINESS.Why did they ship it in the first place? Take my money and run huh. No reimbursement, no apology, I still have the wine and it needs to get to another location. I called corporate and was promised that my problem would be resolved within 48 hours of my complaint. It's a week later and no resolution, no phone call, and now the lady at corporate is ignoring my messages. Just give me my money back and I'll take my business elsewhere....FOREVER!There are many many more details and problems with this story, but I was trying to keep it simple. DO NOT SHIP WITH UPS!!!!! HORRIBLE SERVICE, FULL OF LIES, and THEY TREAT YOUR STUFF LIKE CRAP AND STEAL FROM YOU!!!!
4	For those times you just want to avoid the post office chaos, come here for your shipping needs!  It's located in a strip mall and very easy to find.  There are plenty of parking spots near their store so it won't be an issue if you have to carry in a heavy box.  I noticed many different items along the walls for sale.  It is very clean and organized for an easy find of items.  The ladies helping behind the counter are so friendly and helpful.  I was in and out in a flash. I will definitely keep them in mind especially during the busy holiday season.
1	This UPS store has the worst service. They even charged me to tape my box shut and told me they have to charge because they are a small business.
1	Awful service! We had used them prior since FedEx and the post office were unwilling to help us send a VIP package, and they were very helpful. However the next time they completely screwed us over. We once again needed something mailed to get there the next day. The lady responded "no problem!" Next she takes the next day envelope and hands me a Manila envelope and says this is half the price and where you are sending it, it will get there tomorrow anyways. Then continues on to say how some customers are so dumb and overpay for things to be mailed overnight when it will get there overnight anyways. She then instructs me to put my stuff in the envelope and has me pay. She then throws the open envelope on the desk behind her!! I asked if she would seal it, and she said she would as soon as she helped the next people. Once I got home I looked up the tracking number and it was set for 4 day delivery! And it wasn't even scanned into the system until the following day! I paid "half the price" =$11 to send a Manila envelope I could have easily sent myself with one stamp and it would have gotten there the same time if not sooner. DO NOT TRUST THEY KNOW BETTER THAN YOU, THEY DON'T!
1	What a bunch of jerks here.  I called to see if they ship certain things and they say "no" and hang up.  No courtesy.  No inquiry into my issue.  Just no and hang up.  There is another UPS store that you should go to.  It is by the Wal Mart off Stephanie and 215.  Stay away from these morons.
