4	Real, fresh sushi right on Green Street? Om nom nom nom!This isn't your post-processed-should-not-be-called-sushi-california-roll-in-a-cheap-plastic-container type of sushi, this is the real deal, and not horribly expensive.Where Dorca's used to be (may she rest in peace), Sushi Ave. is a great place to stop by for lunch.  They have a lunch special miso soup, salad, and two rolls for $10.99.  Now, I know that's more than most college students are willing to pay for lunch, but it's really quite a good deal so long as you aren't coming here every meal of every day.They make pretty much all the popular types of roles (spicy tuna, spicy salmon, california, philadelphia, boston, spider = MY FAVORITE!, volcano, etc.) and it's all using fresh fish and well done, in my opinion.And, if Dorca's was your home away from home, the back of the menu still has basically the same dishes that Dorca's offered (i.e. Combo I, II, III, etc.).  They changed the layout of the restaurant a little, adding a sushi bar and changing the furniture/repainted the walls, etc., but if you squint your eyes, you can still tell that Dorca's once resided here.I've already been here several times with a different friend each time, and everyone really seemed to like it.The next move for them should be to start serving sake!
4	I actually agree with Deanna on all of her points:1. Lunch specials are an EXCELLENT deal, and they really are the cheapest sushi in Champaign Urbana... for dinner the prices are comparable with Kamakura. The atmosphere is cool, busy and bustling (if a TEENY bit cramped, but I don't mind that when I'm eating sushi for some reason...), clean, but lack of alcohol is a downer for me. The last really great thing is that they don't overcharge for appetizer dishes and soups like some other places in town. One star off because of cramped seating, dim lighting and I thought about taking another one off for not selling alcohol... but no, it's not fair!
5	Skip the sushi. The rolls are way small for the price. Remember when KO Fusion used to do these monstrous rolls (e.g. the aptly named Big Roll) and now they are doing these wimpy rolls that no human hand has touched? Those are the rolls that Sushi Ave is rolling out (ha!). Nothing too unusual about the ingredients (scallops are neat though) or the combinations. Also, the lack of attentiveness (love?) to the product makes me wonder about the quality of the ingredients.The lunch specials DO look like a sweet deal but I'd rather drop cash for good Korean comfortcy than mediocre sushi, esp since lunch specials apply to basic rolls only. Why would you go for a Salmon / tuna / California Roll when you can do a Spider or Crunch or even (shudder) a Philly? Just sayin' (yes, Pity da foo' who thinks Champaign gets top-grade sushi fish - generally, the fusion tricks of tempura, deep fry and spicy mayo make up for it). Also, Schnuck's is cheaper for comparable (and I hate to say it, better) quality.But I digress. Five stars because Dorcas food is some of the tastiest and best bang-for-buck comfort nosh in town. And they deliver! Dorcas delivery! A Korean combo is a takeout box with a pound of food, enough for two to three stuff-yourself-stupid meals or one major bingefest. The variety of dishes (yes, dishes!) that come with it (protein, dumplings, noodles, plus the awesome side pack of kimchee, veg, spam-ish meat and I'm hoping they still do their boiled eggs) is true (far) East Side, yo. The smorgasbord of flavors and textures more than satisfy the raging munchies. More importantly, it stimulates taste buds starting to atrophy from the "generic restaurant flavor" that plagues much of the local food and causes everything to taste the same after awhile. I think it originated from a Jimmy John's kitchen.
4	Go here for the Korean food, not the sushi, which is okay but not as good as the Korean food.  I tend to get a jigae of some sort (a spicy korean soup/stew), the one with fish eggs is really delicious.  Service can be a little slow sometimes, so don't go if you're in a rush, but if you're with friends it can be perfect.  The menu has a pretty wide variety (since there is the sushi and the Korean food) so I don't think most people would have any trouble finding something to eat.
3	if you wanna get sushi here, it's only good if it's deep fried. i don't recommend it though because they are tiny and not that good. i tried their sushi volcano tho and it was delicious. overall, i found the place and the menu uninspired. also, the service sucks. however, the korean food is pretty decent specially for the price. so i definitely recommend giving them a try!... maybe the should change their name?
2	The lunch special actually runs all day long, which is fantastic. For two rolls, plus miso and a ginger salad, $10.95 cannot be beat. However, the rolls at full price (I'm not sure when you would get charged that) wouldn't at all be worth it. They are of decent quality, but happen to be very small.Lastly, the impression that I'll have on my mind when considering this place in the future will be of the service. Our waitress did not visit our table at all after serving our meal, which means drinks weren't refilled, plates weren't cleared, and the check was not brought to us. She even stood over us as we filled out the tip on our bill!Go for the lunch special, and expect nothing more...
3	Prices were ok, I tried the Korean BBQ. I probably wouldn't go back for Sushi because it seemed expensive.
4	Like everyone is saying, don't go for the sushi unless you really need a fix and don't feel like going off campus.The best thing here is the combos, which give you some rice noodles (I think), three fried dumplings, a ton of rice, your choice of meat, and a seaweed soup.  Oh, also all the small dishes that come with the Korean food there.  All that for 7-9 bucks!  This is probably not true for other people, but I end up getting 3 meals out of their combos.  I like combo 2 a lot.I guess it's true what people say about the service being slow sometimes, but if you're willing to wait you can get a pretty good deal on tasty Korean food.
3	I don't know much about sushi, honestly. I like to eat it, and I know that if it smells bad I shouldn't eat it. That's about it. I know even less about Korean food, but I think it's really tasty in general.I think the sushi here is good, but the Korean food is better. The space is nice, with plenty of tables and everything. There's only one waiter that I've ever seen there, and he's a little slow. So is the sushi! I mean, at least they provide salad and miso so you're not dying of hunger. I think it's a little bit expensive, but the lunch specials make it feel like you're getting a deal. I would like to go back and get more Korean food, but I want to find a different place for my sushi craving.
4	I've been coming here for almost three years now.  It's my go to spot when I get a craving for some Korean food.  The Korean food is very well priced and the portions are very generous.  I usually get Korean food, but on some occasions I have ordered the sushi as well.  It's pretty good, but a bit expensive for what you get, unless you get the lunch special that others have mentioned.
4	Good Korean cuisine!  I have not tried the sushi, but I found them to have excellent galbi, bulgogi, and kimchi.  It is a rather casual place, perfect for campus clientele.  It is easily within walking distance from the University of Illinois campus.
4	Usually I feel when a restaurant has a dish in their name, you should always order that dish.This isn't really one of those times.  The sushi is okay but it's not exceptional.  If you knew that there was a Korean restaurant called Dorca's before, you might have a better idea what to order.  Yes, tucked shyly away at the back of the menu, without pictures, are the Korean entrees and they are what I really recommend.  It's a little intimidating because most of them are not described, but you can't really go wrong with the combos.  I think they have the best Dolsot bibimbab in town, which is fresh veggies, a little meat, and a fried egg over rice, all in a big stoneware bowl that is HOT.  So everything cooks in the bowl and the rice on the bottom gets crispy.  It is the best.  All for $7.50!I also like their soondobu jigae (maybe not spelled right) which is a spicy soup with mussels and other seafood.  I think it's better than A-ri-rang's, and the prices are generally a little lower here.Service can be kind of slow, so give yourself some extra time if you come here.  But one time they brought the wrong meat with my combo, so they let me keep that and brought out the right one, too.  I was happy with that.Portions are large - generally I get at least two meals out of anything but the soups.
3	It is an interesting choice of both the Korean food and the sushi. I will first say that they have a pretty exhaustive sushi selection with many specialties. I tried the ultimate tuna and was mildly impressed. It had the tuna meat on the outside, rice in the middle layer, and a spicy sauce and tuna mix in the middle. I also had the Korean-style chicken and veggie stir fry. It was okay but I think the other Korean restaurants make it better. The spiciness was just right though. The waiter service was prompt and we needed to go up to the register to pay. I would think both Sushi Rock and Sushi Avenue are comparable but Sushi Rock is closer to campus. Whether it is worth the extra walk is up to you. I would prefer Sushi Rock because I prefer the Japanese food over Korean food with my sushi.
4	Spent more than I would have liked, but the service wasn't bad at all. Quite friendly and accommodating. Although I'm no sushi-connoisseur, I ordered a couple rolls of sushi and thought they were both delicious.
3	This place has good sushi.  I've had better, but they have a great lunch special for $10, you get a special roll (Japanese Lasagna was good) and a regular roll (california roll, tuna roll, ect).  This lunch special is ironically available for dinner as well for the same price and the special is accompanied by a small salad which is topped with a sour dressing (salad wasn't very good) and a small bowl of miso soup (soup was decent).  However, the lunch special rolls seem to be slightly smaller, but they are garnished nicely and the plates are beautifully decorated. The service was good, they promptly served us and were friendly.  The place isn't very decorated, so I wouldn't recommend this place for any romantic outing of importance (anniversaries, birthdays ect) but is a good place for lunch.
2	I wish I could give this place a higher rating, but I've had continuous questionable experiences here. I am, without a doubt, very impressed by their sushi. I love to just order their lunch special because it's the cheapest and always comes out perfect. It includes a yummy salad, miso soup and your choice of two delicious rolls.I have yet to have a bad piece of sushi here. I think you can literally order any type of sushi and I can guarantee it will be authentic (as far as Champaign, IL goes). There's just a very long wait and not very many legitimate servers to refill drinks. If you have a lot of time on your hands to have their great sushi, then I recommend going here at least once. I'm sure you will have enough of it after waiting an hour and a half for your order to come out.
3	Good sushi and their 2-roll lunch special is a good value; one special and one standard and one special roll, soup and salad for a set price.Sushi is okay, not gourmet but not grocery store sushi at the same time.
3	They changed the menu and raised the prices.  I am not too upset about the prices, since they were the cheapest Korean serving place on campus before.  (Oh yeah, they have sushi too, but the Korean food was and is the best part.)Unfortunately, they took a fair number of items off the Korean section of the menu.  No more delicious combos I-III.  Less choice in the stir-fry.  Less soups.  Since these were some of my favorites and what really made this place special to me, I am knocking a star off my previous review.If you go, I do still recommend the bibimbab, which is great in a stone bowl to toast the rice.  You still get a lot of food for the prices, but it's not quite as much of a steal as it used to be.I don't get the sushi here so I can't comment on it.
3	I've been to this place a couple times. The food is alright, but nothing to write home about. I got some spicy tuna sushi and kimchi fried rice. Definitely other places on campus to get your Japanese/Korean fix.
3	Huge selection, good service, nice place. Very pricey
1	For $27 I received two pieces of sashimi, a salmon roll in which the salmon was thinner than a chopstick, and a red dragon roll  which was supposed to be soft shell crab with spicy tuna on top and ended up being more like diced imitation crab with cat food on top.  I really wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I ordered, but it's kind of sad that the general consensus for a restaurant called Sushi Avenue is to skip the sushi and go for the Korean food.I ordered through cieats.com and was quoted a rough delivery time. . . thirty minutes past the delivery time I called the restaurant and they seemed unaware and unconcerned that they were severely late.  I won't be ordering from them again.
4	I really love ordering from here because of the two special roll deal. If you call and order over the phone, you truly can get any roll. However, if you order online, you only get a few options. Other than that, I really like the Japanese Lasagna. I'm not a huge fan of warm sushi, but this is a roll with cream cheese, spicy mayo, and possibly eel sauce, all thrown in the oven. At $7 it's definitely worth a try. I haven't tried the other menu items, but I plan on it.
