3	Sal's opened up about a month ago and is located near the corner of Liberty and Seventh Street in the Cultural Business District.  It's definitely a "modern" business with a proper web presence. Cashier was friendly, efficient, and is a nice change from the somewhat apathetic attitude that you can see downtown.  Signage was nice and clear with a reasonable variety of menu items.  There were also bakery desserts like carrot cake, red velvet cake, and others -- they looked great.I had the Beef on Weck, which was a roast beef sandwich on a delicious Kummelweck(salt and caraway) Roll.  It was served with the au jus for dipping.  Overall, the sandwich was very good. Reasonable amount of roast beef, but could have been more rare.  It was tender, juicy, and had a nice flavor combination and profile. It was noticeably missing the traditional horseradish....I also ordered the chicken noodle soup and that's when everything went south.  The soup was horrible.  It was bland, flat, and tasted of nothing.  I didn't get a chicken flavor taste, or a noodle taste, or a vegetable taste.  So I added Salt and Pepper trying to season it back to life.  Unfortunately, it was already dead ---- CPR wouldn't have helped here.  I tasted more water than anything.So the sandwich was great, but the soup sucked. Service was friendly. Hrrmm, so what's a reviewer to do? Give it a four.  I say, "NO WAY!"  Why?  Because chicken noodle soup is a staple. A staple growing up, a staple in Pittsburgh, an American staple. For a long time. The 1930's under that name minimum. Earlier by other names.So for the crime against food humanity, and for the chefs in white jackets NOT TASTING THEIR SOUP(if they did, they'd clearly know what I'm talking about here) --- they get a three until they prove me otherwise.  One other point: I detected a very light chemical taste --- like the pot wasn't rinsed completely when washed, or someone cleaning the stove with Windex accidentally sprayed some in there.
4	Good Cuban sandwich today. First time visit.  A co-worker had their burger yesterday w\potato pancakes - we will both return!
2	Sals opened about 2 months ago and their prices were a a little high but their food was always decent. I like to support independent businesses so I ate there 2-3 times per week for lunch. 2 months after they open the raise their prices $1 on EVERYTHING! They said it was bc their dinner time business wasn't doing so well. That doesn't mean u charge ur lunch crowd more! They have tons of staff doing nothing every time I go in. Maybe u have an over staffing issue but I shouldn't pay more for an already expensive lunch! A small container or soup is now $4!!! I can get a better deal at au Bon pain! I won't be going back. If u r looking for a place for an occasional lunch sals is good but not for a place to frequent.
3	I decided to give Sal's another shot.  I had the reuben and the cream of tomato soup.  While it was pretty good, both the price and the 12-15 minute wait for a very typical lunch order make this a less than desirable place to visit.  My order was about $15 when ordered with a bowl of a soup.While there is some quality in what is put out, I'm just not convinced its worth it.
3	I have been there twice.  First visit had a corned beef and swiss.  It wasn't bad.  I saw them making Reubens and they look nice....I'll get one the next time.  Second visit had Louisiana Gumbo.  As others said this place is expensive!  The Gumbo had lots of dark meat chicken few peppers and lots of broth.  It needed Okra. I have been to New Orleans and my wife and relatives passed down Gumbo recipes and make it regularly. This Gumbo doesn't compare.  They charged $7.95 for the Gumbo.  The Corned Beef was $8.95.  I also had the potato pancakes for $2.95.  Watch out for the step when leaving the carryout entrance.
2	I had such high hopes for Sal's, I really did.  And I was hoping the few reviews I saw were not typical.  Unfortunately, the reviews are all too accurate.  My first negative about Sal's was the fact that I had to call to find out what their hours are.  The website is all fancy smancy yet somehow, unless I missed it, the hours of operation are not included anywhere.  Not that I mind making the phone call, but if it can be avoided by adding some simple business information on your website....I only ordered take out and did not call ahead.  They have a separate entrance for take out orders where you can see into the kitchen and watch your sandwich being made.  That was pretty cool.  I ordered a Muffaletta but asked them to go light on the olive tapenade which they did.  The sandwich itself was okay, could have used some more meat.  It came with a pickle which was a nice touch.  But for $10?  Hardly worth it.  And maybe it's just me, but I feel like the staff could be a bit friendlier.  Especially if you're a new business trying to make an impression.  I guess I can appreciate what they're trying to do.  If what they are trying to do is create a New York Deli-type environment.  I don't know that Pittsburgh really wants or needs it, though, as I personally feel there are just way too many other better and/or cheaper options around.
4	Gave Sal's another shot.  Had the Reuben again, and the cream of celery soup.  Both were pretty good, and my opinion of this place is getting better.One word of advice to the staff running the pickup window: telling the customers that you are glad that they showed up because now you can go use the bathroom is both unprofessional and TMI.Sal's seems so close to a place I want to love, but they just can't seem to get there.Keep working on it!!@#
3	I got take-out from Sal's for the first time yesterday, and I had a more overall positive experience than other reviewers.  I think that's partly because I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, which costs about half of what the other sandwiches cost.  The young woman working the register was super friendly, the food was cooked quickly, and I liked the giant slab of pickle that's included on the side.There aren't tons of options on the menu for people like me who don't eat beef or pork, so I probably won't venture very far afield in their menu.  For what it was, my grilled cheese and fries were perfectly fine, and I'll get take-out there again, I expect.
1	I live right across the street from Sal's and had wanted to go since it opened.  My daughter and I decided to go today for lunch. We knew we were in trouble when the water tasted bad.  My daughter ordered chicken noodle soup and an Italian hoagie.  I ordered the beef barley soup of the day and a grilled chicken salad.  Our soup was bad -- both.  The chicken noodle soup was mostly vegetables and broth.  The beef barley, while hearty, just wasn't good and was served lukewarm.  The grilled chicken salad was really bad.  Don't think I've ever had a "really bad" chicken salad.  Heck, I make them at home!  First of all, there was no balsamic dressing, only oil and vinegar, which is very unusual these days.  The chicken tasted bad -- like it was old.  And I believe they actually threw in dark meat.  Not to mention the chicken and fries were served on iceburg lettuce.  I should have sent it back, but had I sent back everything that was bad, the whole lunch (except for my daughter's sandwich) would have gone back.  Not a good experience, and I won't be going back.  The two cups of soup, one sandwich and the really bad chicken salad came to a whopping $28!!  Thought about going back, but truly, can grab a sandwich around the corner at Subway for less than half the cost.  I really wanted to like this place, but it fell woefully short.
4	I had a good experience at Sal's today.  I had the reuben, yet again, and it really is a good sandwich.  Hot, fresh, (a little greasy), good bread.  There could always be more meat....The cream soups here are definite winners, and today was no exception.  The cream of cauliflower is exactly what you expect and very good.  There might be a LITTLE too much butter in it.
5	It's nice to have a new place for lunch.  I've been to Sal's a few times now, and tried two different sandwiches:  the Italian and Fish Sandwich.  Both were great, and their fries were tasty.  I'll be back again and would recommend Sal's to anyone.
1	The sandwich wasn't bad I should have got a Ruben but was craving an Italian sub. Here is why I have a problem. The menu stated that the sub came with house made Italian dressing. That was a complete lie it was that genericBright yellow garbage dressing I think it's called golden Italian it was horrible. The second strike came when I got the upgrade side of fresh cut fries. This was the real joke they were frozen fries. Clearly this place is misguided I wouldn't go again and wouldn't recommend it.
5	Man, do you have to get the pastrami! It is divine! Their desserts are good too. Lovely service and convenient downtown location. Recommended.
3	So the other day I'm off to one of my favorite haunts for lunch, only to arrive to find a line out the door and to the end of the block. Kind of sucked, because they only take cash, and for once I HAD cash in my wallet, but I couldn't take the time to wait in a line that long. So I started to walk back to the office, down the same four blocks I've walked every day since October, and suddenly I saw this deli/sandwich shop that I had never noticed before. Sal's. All done up to LOOK all NYC Deli, and since the weather had turned for the better, they had an open air thing going on. I had honestly passed them by for six months. So I thought, oh what the heck, and went in to check out the menu, and maybe get a sandwich.I walked into the 'order' counter, as opposed to the seating restaurant section, the the kitchen is right there in full view. I checked out the rather pricey menu, and watched as some of the items were being assembled in the kitchen. At first I thought 'Reuben', but then I saw one and didn't see the kind of meat velocity that makes a Reuben a Reuben, so I opted for the fish sandwich.I had to ask what kind of bun the fish came on, and was told the usual 'hamburger' bun. I asked if they could give me a bun that would actually FIT a fish, and at first they just kind of blinked like they were confused, but went to the line-up of cooks and asked if they could put it on a hoagie roll.Gasp! Rocket science in action! Putting an eight inch long fish on an eight inch long bun! What a strange and foreign concept. They agreed. So I ordered the fish. Do you want anything on that? Lettuce? Tomato?Yes please.Caching, caching...Cheese?SureCaching...Tartar sauce?LotsCaching, caching...We were now up to almost $12 for a fish sandwich.The kitchen was run like a military operation, but instead of a general in his camos, there was Chef Boy-Ar-Dee in his spiffy white jacket with some fancy emblem on the front, and his big paper hat, barking orders. Including "hey, that one fish goes on a hoagie bun!"Here it came, bagged up, along with a side of home made extra salty potato chips, and off I went to the office.The fish was good, and thank goodness, I asked for a bun that fit. The 'lots' of tartar sauce actually was two very large cups, of which one would have been plenty, except that it was some kind of homemade tartar concoction that really wasn't very good. The big Claussen on the was nice.All in all, it was a FTLT visit. Too pricey for a sandwich, and not spectacular enough to match the price. A lot of attempts to 'visually' create the NYC Deli atmosphere. But the right Deli atmosphere in NYC is a dive...with a mound of reasonably priced GOOD food. Turn off the neon, and crank up the meat. You'll not blind me sir, as it's my tongue doing the looking...when I'm looking for food.
5	Eating at Sal's was a long time coming.  Thank you city zoning for getting rid of the crack lighter,  brillo selling convenience store that use to occupy it's place.I am not a sandwich girl...so why was I in a deli one might ask...? My boyfriend invited me for a lunch date and I was all too glad to oblige.  He urged me to get the beef on weck...but no instead I choose to have the hot pastrami which was served with housemade chips. The food was very good and the housemade chips were delectable. I stole most of my boyfriend fresh horseradish to put on sandwich.Sals also services wine and beers.  Nice touch Sal.Now I can see what all the fuss is about this deli is good, it's even better than good in the words on Tony the Tiger its greaaaaaaaaaat!
4	The French dip was really good and my pal had the Reuben and loved it. The chips are yummy. Come to Sal's. The only downfall; the junk 50's music.
5	The Reuben and tomato soup were definite winners yesterday for lunch.  There was plenty of corn beef, and the flavors were nailed.  The soup finally held up to Deli standards, and I was really happy with my lunch.
4	Review update time:I tried the Pastrami and Swiss today.  While it was very good, the Reuben is definitely better.The homemade chips were great.While I've enjoyed most of Sal's soups(Cream soups like mushroom/celery/brocolli(?) plus their tomato soup are great) -- THEY'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT CHICKEN NOODLE.  It sucks!I've had it twice -- separated by six months or more.  There's just no saving it.  It doesn't taste of chicken, it doesn't taste of noodle, it's just so bland. I thought initially it was just the salt level --- but that's not it.  The only thing that comes to mind is diluted vegetable onion broth. Taking one spoonful makes me want to throw the $5.00 bowl of it in the garbage.  But I didn't do that, I carefully took bite after bite trying to identify how this could be fixed.  I just don't know.Sal: Find a new recipe for the chicken noodle soup. This one sucks!Go to Sal's, but just don't order the chicken noodle, you've been warned! :)
5	Excellent restaurant! The food, especially sandwiches, are really good here and at really reasonable prices. The service is phenomenal. It's intimate and the servers are very kind and personal. The owner also spends a lot of time there and talks to most everyone in the restaurant, incredibly friendly. This is a great option for anyone who is downtown Pittsburgh or heading to North Shore.
3	M and I strolled in for lunch after I discovered this place which seems to have appeared out of the blue.  It's much larger inside than I expected and also more of a traditional diner.  I was thinking seats along the walls and booths, more looking like a Subway, but normal restaurant it was. I can never turn away from a Cuban.  Much as I might try to order something else, I open my mouth and Cuban comes out.  I really didn't want chips though so I asked about the "southwestern" quinoa salad.  I love quinoa.  I think it should be a staple on every menu.  It's just so versatile, so something called "southerwestern" sounded like a good choice.  However, I was told it had peppers, onions, black beans... ok, southwestern enough... Italian dressing and feta.  Um what?  What southwest are you referring to?  I don't think that they even have feta in the southwest.  Still, I ordered it cause 1. I like all those ingredients, even if they don't seem to make sense together, 2. I am intrigued by things that don't seem to go together and 3. it sounds like something I would whip together at my house and call a success. The Cuban insides were amazing - ham, pulled pork, mustard, pickles, cheese - all done well.  The bread however - a brioche roll - was all wrong.  It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but not the appropriate carb for the meal.  The quinoa was very odd - again, not bad at all and definitely something that I could make at home.  I have no idea who thought to put those things together, but if they just named it something different I would be on board. All in all, a good meal, just not put together in a traditional way.
4	What a pleasant lunch with the fabulous Rachel C.!  The service at Sal's is top notch.  Our server today reminded me of the lady at Ritter's that calls everyone "baby."  My Greek salad (- feta + Italian + chicken = not-so-Greek salad) was decent. Nothing to write home about, but the olives were plump and the chicken not pink, so there you have it.  Sal's is a great place to stop for a quick meal that doesn't feel so quick.  The prices are reasonable and the menu is diverse for a "deli."  Thank you, "Sal" for offering a great addition to the Cultural District!
3	I'd passed up this place a trillion times. Never called to me. But a scheduled meeting brought me in here and I have to say, smelled good inside, so I figured we were on the right track!I'm trying to watch my girlish figure, so I opted for the Greek Salad (when I really wanted the Pittsburgh Salad topped with FRIES!). It came loaded with all the right ingredients, especially extra green and kalamata olives. I added chicken for $2 extra and it was a hefty portion (worth the price tag!). Our server was incredibly friendly and I really appreciate that. It's just refreshing to get someone attentive and happy. I'm interested to see what the sandwiches taste like, so I'd come back to try out that delicious sounding reuben!
2	I've been to Sal's twice. So take my review with a grain of salt. It was fairly new the first time I visited. I ordered the grilled cheese with fries. Pretty good lunch, but I was more impressed with the service. Friendly waitress and an attentive cook who came and visited my table. So I was pleased and decided to bring my fiancee in a few months later.Awful experience. Ordered the lil sal burger and baked cod. We sat and conversed for around 25 minutes and began to realize people around us (who were sat ten minutes after us were beginning to get their food). I asked the waitress about our orders (since I work in the city and had to return to work soon) and she told me that the burger takes awhile and the fish isn't quick either. That statement is sad and overblown. I've had both in dozens of places in the city and never had an issue. So we waited another ten minutes and decided to ask for the check. The manager came over and gave us the same reason and asked us not to leave so he didn't have to waste food. The guilt trip ploy worked and we waited. During our wait the chef meandered on by and briefly told us that the oven temps were low and that's why the fish was slow. Eventually the manager (who was not very pleasant) brought us a to go bag. While the meal was covered I can't say I'll go back anytime soon.Food was alright, much better when you are able to sit and eat it while it is warm.
4	I've walked by this place dozens of times and never went before today. After stopping in, I regret not going in sooner. I walked in, placed a take-out order and was back out the door in less than 10 minutes. While it was a little more expensive then what I'd normally want to spend on lunch, the quality of the food more than made up for it. The beef on weck was tender and juicy even before dipping the sandwich in the au jus. I especially like the touch of a horseradish spread. It really pushed the sandwich over the top for me. The housemade chips were fine. There was nothing bad about them, but nothing exceptional either. Overall, this was a great meal. I'll definitely be back again
4	Sandwiches packed with meat and nice and hot so you can tell it is fresh. All the sandwiches come with homemade crispy chips and a pickle on the side. This deli is very busy everyday and I can see why. The sandwich I had was the classic Reuben with chips. It was packed to the fullest with corned beef and sauerkraut, with the 1000 island dressing gives it the perfect kick to make it the perfect hot sandwich! I would reccomend this deli for all meals of the day!
4	I had walked past this restaurant too many times to count and finally got a chance to try it out recently when I had down time between ushering shows at the Benedum.Sal's has both a dine in area and take out options.  There is a separate entrance for the take out.  The inside is colorfully decorated with several Burton Moris prints and other Pittsburgh and arts related items.  Smart considering their location in the cultural district.The menu offers more then just the typical deli.  There were quite a few "normal" deli selections, but they also had things like beef of wick (hot roast beef on a kimmuleck roll) and a potato pancake Ruben.  They also had several soup, appetizer and salad options.  It was a nice variety, more then you might expect from a deli.  I started with the fried pickles.  They were tasty, but nothing to write home about.  I had thought about ordering potato pancakes but changed my mind when I ordered the potato pancake Ruben as my entree.  You had the option to have the Ruben with corned beef, chicken or turkey.  I chose turkey.  The sandwich was HUGE.   And the potato pancakes very tasty.   it came with a side of apple sauce, sour cream, pickle and house made potato chips.  The sandwich was so large I wish that I had not ordered an appetizer.  Service was quick and attentive.  Even though almost every table was full, the server make sure water glasses were full and everything was going well with their patrons.  Sal's also has a great selection of desserts.  I wanted to order the cannoli but they were sold out, so I got the salted Carmel brownie.  It comes with a scoop of ice cream and was very tasty.Overall, I really enjoyed my visit to Sal's and will likely be back.  Especially with my frequent visits to the Benedum.
4	This was a nice find for last Friday lunch. I will say that other "yelp" members led me here and it was worth the stop. First, I love deli's and was annoyed i had never tried this place. Put Sal's in my rotation! I went with the Cuban and it included the usual meats but the pickles and spicy brown mustard on a ciabatta bun made the sandwich a keeper. The location is great, service was like clockwork during a hour lunch and very reasonable. I can't wait to go back and try something else. :)
4	OMG that corned beef!! I had the Potato Pancake Reuben and it was ridiculous! I don't know where they get that corned beef but it was out of this world.... best corned beef sandwich I've had in my life!! YUMMMM
3	We were looking for something quick but good for lunch and healthy. Very accommodating. Seated quickly and service was on. Busy place. Ordered salads and wrap. Not bad a little small. I guess we needed to order something unhealthy to get super sized! Probably a great place for burger or traditional sandwich. Homemade chips were good filler!
5	Absolutely fantastic. Second time I have eaten here in a week, and today is only Tuesday! Cuban sandwich is to die for. Amazingly fresh ingredients. The housemade potato chips as a side are wonderful. The only thing better then the food is the hospitality. Job well done.
5	Best Rueben in town! I take my ruebens seriously, i judge a place on it. If you mess up a rueben you're dead to me. The staff was great and I liked the overall feel of the establishment.
4	I stopped in with some time to spare and not knowing what to expect.  I tried to ignore the sign out front that claimed it was the best deli this side of New York. Overall,  I had a great experience. I mentioned I was escaping a baby shower at my apartment.  They sat me and immediately gave me the space I needed. I ordered a beer which came quickly and ended up picking the Italian sub. Once I had my full meal,  one of the main things I appreciated was the space the waitress gave me. She even said for me to "take my time" a few times since I first sat. I love a good Italian sub and was excited to try it.  My first thought was that it looked small.  Any negativity evaporated once I tried it.  The sandwich was thick and very spicy.  Overall a great sub!  I highly recommend stopping at Sal's of you are in town.
1	I stopped in and I was asked if I had a reservation. I said No. Web site says no reservations. I won't be back.
4	Although Sal's is a "Deli" i really consider it a restaurant with some deli tendencies. They have both a carry out service and a sit down restaurant.  Service through both is good. Though I prefer to sit down and order with a waitress, more often I call ahead an order for pickup, simply because of a hectic workday.I love the southwest grilled salmon sandwich and I've heard good things about their burgers. The potato pancake reuben is also really good, but since it is more of a knife and fork type of "sandwich" I wouldn't want to try to manage that one via carry out.Another bonus is that each meal comes with a side of fresh house made potato chips.
