3	Had a rather pleasant meal at Cacio Pepe last night. On the way to visit a favourite of ours, we decided to try this place instead. It does a number of anti-pasti, which I liked the idea of, but my attention was distracted by an caponata calzone - stuffed with aubergine, peppers, ricotta and raisins. So we shared a vegetarian anti-pasti mix of roasted vegetables, smoked mozzarella and olives and made way for pizza. While we dined on our starter, the waiter gave us samples of polenta bites (a little under seasoned for me) and some bread, after over hearing me ask the boy if he wanted any. No charge for either - just a nice little touch. My calzone arrived - I have to admit, I wasn't wowed, but the boy liked his pizza. Mine was underseasoned again and missing the raisins listed on the menu, and the pizza base was extremely tough and drenched with oil. It wasn't bad food, but it didn't blow my socks off either. Finally, because i had had a bad day, I went for a slice of tiramisu, to make everything a little better again. I definitely enjoyed the tiramisu, and it disappeared in seconds. At the end, when we paid our bill, we were given one meal free (as part of some offer we didn't know about), and a loyalty card. I have to hand it to Cacio Pepe, they have their service down - pretty discreet, and everything was delivered as necessary. Prices are pretty reasonable, even without the deal. I would say Cacio Pepe is a rather nice place to spend a meal without it burning a hole in your pocket, but the price does match the quality - which is definitely reasonable, just not amazing.
5	I was quite pleasantly surprised.  Went here on a lark with two very hungry and impatient kids.  My wife and I were very happy with the service.  The pizza was absolutely spectacular. The vegetarian antipasti was also brilliant.  I have never been a grilled eggplant fan, but now I am a Phan.  My wifes butternut squash ravioli was very sophisticated in its seasoning a presentation.  Would come here again, the food was good, the service earnest and the decor very cute.  All in all a great experience.
5	A really pleasant surprise!I've often walked past CacioPepe and opted instead for the more bustling Bar Napoli or more seemingly elegant Nargile that are nearby - but this week my family were seduced in by their fantastic (and year round) lunch deal.The offer is from 12-2.30pm and is 3 courses for a mere 7.50. I entered having quite low expectations, simply wanting quick, cheap and easy between shows - but oh how I was wrong. The decor was stylish but comforting, with the space delving into a lovely alcoved area at the back, the service friendly and effiicient, and the lunch menu? Well... we were amazed.For starters there were no less than TEN options, almost all coming in large, hearty portions. Options included unexpected (but welcome) dishes such as Caramalised Mushroom with Polenta bites, a very authentic Hot Chorizo and Chickpea Cassoulet with lemon and rosemary, as well as more traditional set menu fodder such as Soup of the Day, Arancini, Bruschetta and Pate Della Casa. The choices we made were all delicious - all with a nice, traditional, homecooked Italian feel.For mains there was a similarily large array of choices (13 this time), suitable for satisfying any whim or fancy. You could have the simplest (but very nice) Pizza Margherita, a hot, steaming bowl of mussels, salad, past, roast, melt in the mouth Spinach and Parmesan chicken, and much much more! Everyone in our group was happy by the time we finished, and very very full.Dessert was sweet and simple - dessert of the day, ice cream, fruit salad or tea/coffee. We all opted fo fruit salad as we were full to the brim!Overall, you get an astounding amount, and at a good level of quality and variety, for your 7.50, and in more sophisicated surroundings than you would expect for a menu with that price tag. Very enjoyable.
5	I was in Edinburgh for a couple of days and happened upon this lovely restaurant. We ordered a half lobster with spaghetti, scallop risotto, cheesecake, and creme brulee, with San Pellegrino and orange juice. It was all MARVELOUS. I would definitely seek this place out if and when I'm back in this beautiful city again.
4	An absolute gem of a place! I'm glad I stopped by after walking past it so many times. If you like fish then this is the place to visit. Lovely good and lovely staff! Highly recommend it.http://smgdesigns.co.uk
