2	I walked in and thought "I'm in for a great night". The space is wonderful. Turns out, I was disappointed. I had some great biodynamic wine and service was good, but the food was a downer. I wasn't expecting super huge portions or anything super fancy but I left this place 75$ poorer and almost starving. Parnsip "risotto" tasted like...half-boiled parnsip. Marrow bones we burnt, marrow was almost non-existant. Bleh. Would rather eat at home and then go have a drink at Manitoba. Homemade bloody cesar was worth it.
2	Two stars only because the wine was great, though we waited an incredible 35 minutes for it to arrive at our table and it was the first thing that did arrive, but not the first to take a long time. The server seemed nice, though ill informed and overburdened with customers. The owner was flitting about, not being overhelpful and scantily dressed. Is it wrong to have something like a uniform in a restaurant these days or at least dress like you have some kind of pride in what you do? To pay 125$ for a bottle of wine and ROOM TEMP oysters, cool fried cat tails, sad sad sad greens, a few pieces of duck breast and some unidentifiable deep fried stuff( best thing we ate) is a bit scandalous I think. It took an astounding 40 minutes after our ordering for the food to arrive in the sad state it did, the temperature suggested perhaps it was ready and waiting 10 minutes before.The general vibe is one of confusion and frankly I cannot imagine ever going back, shameful as I found the concept intriguing and inspiring.
4	My guest and I had a great evening, from the great cocktail our amazing server Jimmy made us to the good food that followed! A lot had to do with the service, the weather and the vibe...I  recommend!
1	Whhhaatt?!? It's impossible to give 0 star!!?? This restaurant is so bad, I've created a Yelp account just to review it! Cold badly cook super salty food, warm wine, over priced and the staff just don't give a f@ck. Do yourself a BIG favour, avoid it. Look around, there's thousands of great restaurants in Montreal, don't get fool by some Williamsburg wannabe's.
1	Group of 7 for a Sunday brunch.Step 1.  order 7 caesars.  received 5.  was felt to be responsible for said error.Step 2.  ordered a mimosa.  order was refused on the grounds of it being "to classic".  was in turn up sold to a 14 dollar drink.Step 3.  ordered an assortment of egg dishes for the table - all were incorrectly or incredibly over-cooked.  again, was felt to be responsible for the missteps.  this doesn't even compare to the preparation of the pork belly which were essentially jerky.  or worse.Step 4.  the tomatoes were great.  Step 5. THE CAESAR'S WERE 11 DOLLARS!Step 6.  as such, it was 100 dollars per couple for what was an entirely unsatisfactory brunch experience.Step 7.  we will never go there again. ever.
4	Went for a brunch with a group of 3.First of all, amazing coffee! I don't think half of the 3rd wave coffee shops in Montreal are serving coffee half as good as Manitoba.Amazing food. -the only problem is that they could have put one more "light" item on the menu. I don't think everybody wants to eat rabbit in the morning.
