4	Love this sports grill!  It is everything I want from a sports grill venue.  And what is that?  Loads of televisions to view any game, good fare for the most finnicky of pallets, diverse clientel with a bit of class, and knowledgeable hosts with friendly smiles and plenty of explanations and personality.  I really find it hard to say anything bad about this place. I wish they had some on the east coast as I prefer this to the clanky Champs chain.
5	I'm probably biased by now as I've been to Majerles in Chandler at least 10 times.  I usually go for Happy Hour; Majerle's undoubtedly has the best after work prices on both beers and food of anywhere I've been in the Valley.  I always get their $2.50 pints of Hoegaarden* (more on this below), and usually get their $5 sliders (qty 4).  I've never been unimpressed.  I've been for lunch a couple of times too, their Turkey Club and French Dip rival any others I've ever had (this is better than your typical bar food).  Though I usually get the same things when I go, their menu in general is impressive and I'm constantly tempted to try something different.  I'm afraid to, because having just a few favorites is enough for me, I don't need more food to love!Inside, Majerle's is usually packed full (at least on Friday afternoons).  They have flat screens all over the place.  My group of friends always loves to see "Thunder Don" (our nickname for the tall bartender who looks like Thunder Dan Majerle) working the bar.  They also have outdoor seating, which is nice even in the summer, thanks to the misters.  Majerle's also has a small Bocce Ball court, where I can teach my friends a lesson or two.The service is usually pretty good.  I've had an occasional waiter/waitress that I could do without, but even they aren't too bad.  One beef is that every single member of wait staff pronounces Hoegaarden ("Hoe-Garden") as "Who-Garden".  At first it was irritating, but not it's an ongoing joke among my group of friends.Majerle's base prices are reasonable as is, but to make things even better they give you a 15% off coupon on your way out, to use the next time you pay Majerle's a visit.  And, they are always loaded up with chocolate peppermints at the hostess stand.All in all, my vote for best happy hour location in the Valley is Majerle's in Chandler.  The location is great, the people are fun and fun to watch (as are the TVs), the food and service are both very good, the prices are outstanding, the Bocce Ball is different, and it's always packed....a testament to Majerle's all encompassing success.
4	Went to Majerle's for the first time last Monday night to watch the Cards play Monday night football. I promise that I will not allow the horrible loss and embarrassing game played affect my thoughts on Majerle's! Sorry had to put that out there!I have never seen in one place so many Cardinals fans! It was impressive! I lucked into a booth inside, showing up 45 mins before the game. It must have been meant to be!I was very impressed with the amount of tvs and the quality! It was almost impossible to have a bad view of a tv, and in a sports bar this is the most important aspect!Their happy hour specials were good, and I will be back because of them. We started with spicy chile garlic chicken wings, and they smelled really good! Problem...they didn't taste as good as they smelled, which is disappointing. Then we ordered the chicken strips, and they brought medium spice buffalo sauce...this sauce was probably the best buffalo sauce I have ever had...so next time I will make sure to order the chicken wings with the buffalo sauce, YUM!I also got to try their spinach queso dip, which was okay...the only really good part was the wonton type chips that came with!Over all a very good experience and I will be back at one point to watch a game and grab some grub!
3	Got roped into coming here for lunch with a bunch of co-workers...apparently, today is the first day of March Maddness.It's a lot classier than I expected; comfortable seating, and actually not nearly as loud as I would have guessed, given the term "sports bar" on the side of the building.The glasses for soda and iced tea were huge, and were refilled fairly quickly as we drank them down.  Beers and non-alcoholic drinks came out fast, but the service was kind of slow regarding getting our order taken, and eventually, in getting the checks.This place is NOT veggie friendly, and definitely not for my vegan friends.  I had pretty much two choices; make your own pizza, or spinach queso dip. I went with the dip.  Expensive at almost $9? Yes, but it was the perfect amount of food for a main course. I just wish that they had a veggie burger option, because I totally would have loved a burger and fries.$11.50 for chips, spinach queso and an iced tea...a little steep to me.  Would I come here again? Maybe -- but only for a company bonding, sport watching lunch.
2	Everytime I go to Majerle's I leave wondering why I ever went in the 1st place.  The service is BAD most of the time, the bartenders have attitudes & the beer selection is sub par.  I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because for some reason I wind up going  back, usually to meet friends.  Im never impressed by any part of their service, menu or price structure.   How can up consistently mess up sliders? Yes EVERY TIME. I ran into Thunder Dan once, thats got to be worth somthing right?
4	I've been here several times. Once for lunch and several times for happy hour. The staff is very efficient and friendly. Somehow they always manage to keep our bar tab straight even when 20 of us show up together and hang out in the VIP section. The food is good and the drinks are great. If you like margaritas this is the place to go.
4	Stopped by here tonight on the recommendation of a friend and it was definitely a good time. The staff was very friendly and attentive and the food was just as good. I had the tenderloin sliders and the prawn appetizer, very spicy.  Both were excellent and the Guinness was poured perfectly. All in all, an excellent time and Kara, my waitress, was exceptional. I highly recommend and will be back.
5	I have been a regular here since it opened and only for one reason. Simply the best Rueben sandwich in town.
5	in honor of the impending superbowl XLV, i wanted to write my majerles review. this year though, instead of hitting up a sports bar for the biggest day in football, i'll be going to a party. a real rager. if i wasn't though, i would definitely be pressed up against majerles front door bright and early superbowl morning. it's a great sports bar.the weirdest thing about majerles is their name. someone finally told me it wasn't pronounced "mah jer lees" like i had thought.... it's pronounced "mar lees". so let me get that out first.i'm a big sports nut.... well, let me rephrase that. i'm a big sports nut when it involves REAL sports. i won't make fun of anyone, but if it's not football, baseball, basketball or hockey i don't wanna hear about it. unless of course we're talking about extreme sports like surfing, skateboarding, etc. being a fan of sports makes me a fan of sports bars. there are only 3 main things i need in order for a sports bar to be great in my opinion. let me lay them out for you:a good selection of beers, happy hour specials and bar snacks--- yes, majerles has this in spades. large selection of beers and any sports bar that has perrier jouet, vueve clicquot and dom champagnes must be praised.(mostly because i think this is absolutely hilarious. WHO orders pricey champers at a sports bar? haha!) also, put me down as a fan of their reuben reuben and tenderloin sliders. yum.the service--- there's nothing worse than sidling up to a bar, excited to watch your team kick some ass and ordering a drink from a bartender that seems bored and unhappy. every bartender i've come in contact with at majerles truly loved being at work (or they at least acted like it). bartenders attitudes really carry a lot more weight then they realize. happy bartender =  happy bar patronsthe strategic placement of large TV sets for comfortable viewing pleasure--- yep. they designed this with real sports fans in mind. no matter where i sit, i can see a multitude of TV's with little blocking my view. so they have it all, and i likey. go here if you're looking for a good bar to watch the superbowl... or any sporting event for that matter. oh, and GO PACK GO!!!
3	If you are looking for good food avoid Majerle's If you want to watch sports and drink this is a good place to beAnd it's nice that they turn music on during commercialsI really don't understand how Majerle's food is as bad as it is. Really, it's not good. The french fries aren't even good, french fries! How do you have a sports bar with bad buffalo wings!?!The happy hour specials are good, minus the food. If you must eat something off the HH menu get the slidersThe patio at Majerle's is a great atmosphere although their policy on reserving tables is inconsistent as hell...I want to give this place a 2 but it's not that bad.If Majerle's had had better food this place would be a great place to watch games. But if food is key go to Zipps.Everytime a game comes on and my friends want to get together we have the same argument. Majerle's (Good scenery & bad food) or Zipp's (No scenery & good food).
3	Typical sports bar with the usual bar food. We really like the chicken strips and fries basket. Portions are a little smaller than the averagle sports bar (3 thin strips in an order) but there is a big serving of fries with it. The pizza was surprisingly good here. Service was a little slow on our last visit but I have a good amount of patience that it didn't bother me too much. Price is pretty on par, maybe a tad bit more, than other sports bar.
4	Judging by some of the reviews, maybe I went on good days because I've enjoyed my trips.  Good food and good service.  The last time I went, I sat at the bar for lunch on a Sunday, ordered an All~Star Burger with BBQ sauce and enjoyed some sports.  The bartender was nice and the food came quick, which was good because I was hungry (I inhaled the burger).I'll be returning on a regular basis once football starts back up.
2	Last night a few of us wanted to go out and have dinner and drinks.  After hitting up a few spots, we ended up here because most places were packed due to the UFC fight going on.Even though I'm a regular at Chandler Fashion Center, I've never eaten at Majerle's.  Figured we may as well check it out, and, well, I was kind of let down some.When we entered, the place was packed.  Not only because it was Saturday night, but the UFC fight was going on, so there was a million people in this place.  The hostess asked if we were here for the fight or not, as it would determine where they would seat us.  We told her that we were not here to watch the fight, so she seated us outside.  That was fine by us, since it was mostly empty on the patio.Our waitress was okay, but she mostly forgot about us during the evening.  She was nice and all that, but we never got our drinks refilled, and I had to go ask the hostess to find her because we had waited what seemed like an eternity to get our bill.  Its never a good sign when you have to ask the hostess for drinks and your bill.I was dissappointed with the service here because I kind of expected more.  Some could argue that it was a busy saturday night with a UFC fight going on, but the server dam near forgot about us.  She even walked by our table at one point and after I tried to get her attention, she never saw or heard me calling for her, and kept on walking!  FAIL!!  I mean, I guess the big bucks were inside watching the fight....blah.I don't know that I will be back again, but for a sports bar, its actually kind of nice.  Just don't expect to much for service when going here.
3	Same Majerle's menu as the other locations.  Decent food (especially wings), but high prices for both food and drink.  Good service -- even overattentive on my last visit.  Great setup for watching football games.
4	Fried chicken salad was really good. Good service. Only four stars because we made reservations well in advance and she asked if we wanted a booth. I said no, a table. Arrived on time and it was packed...and they had saved us a booth.  Kind of pricey, though, unless you get the happy-hour specials. And there were families with kids in there; little kids, so it's ok to bring your family.
3	Not a bad place for a bloody Mary and some Sunday football. Didn't eat but my wife had nachos, they looked pretty good.
2	Walking into this place for the first time, I thought to myself: Wow, this is nothing like the one in Scottsdale.  The restaurant was new and clean with good a/c.  And the bar area looked like someplace I would actually want to hang out.  Later, thru more experience, I realized that there are actually a lot of similarities.  Same bad service, which ranges from snobby to forgetful and nonexistent.  Same mediocre boring bar food.  Same overpriced drinks.The only thing I really like about Majerle's is that they have good music and they show music videos on a couple of the TVs.  That gives those of us who are not sports fanatics something to look at and also ups the overall coolness factor of the place.  This location does have that as well but it is completely offset by the fact that there are usually a bunch of kids around.  I know we are in the suburbs and close to the mall but when did it become OK to bring a baby to a bar.  Seriously?  I wish they would repeal the smoking ban just so that us dinks would have someplace to go where we could enjoy happy hour without screaming kids running around.
3	My Partner and I flew into Phoenix last week for the Christmas Holiday and we stopped here for lunch before heading out to the family.    I was fairly impressed with the cuisine and the ambiance.I had a burger with all the trimmings and it was prepared perfectly.  I would have liked a few more fries with the burger, but I probably didn't need them.I have to say the 80's hair band music videos playing were a little weird though.If I find myself back in Phoenix, I will eat here again.
4	Food is fantastic.  Love the buffalo chicken wrap.  Service is great.  Bar staff smokin' hot.  Manager/Partner is actually Dan Majerle's brother, could pass as his twin, and is a really engaging guy.  When the person running the bar is happy to be there, it's an infectious attitude that has a positive impact on the staff.  They have an employee dedicated to the plasmas to ensure all the top games are on.  And it helps that they're partial to my Sun Devils, while catering to transplants.  Overall, Majerle's is a great sports bar with a fantastic staff and fantastic menu.  I just wish they could find a way to keep it busy and stay open late because Tonic across the street is the only nearby option after the sporting events conclude.
3	This is your run-of-the-mill sports bar that caters to the not-so-blue-collar 30something crowd of Chandler.  The ambiance is nice, darker, big screen TVs everywhere... the waitresses are attractive (a staple at these types of places) and they are friendly and attentive... ours was on this very day.  It's Beer Week in AZ this week and they had just hosted a SanTan event (pub crawl) today as part of Beer Week, so they were understandably out of SanTan Devil's Ale and the place was quite quiet when we arrived at 5pm. We got seated at the patio where the have a nice little Bocce ball area and it was nice to enjoy the great Phx February weather.Alright, so we ordered burgers as we were both in the mood for a sizable piece of beef, hopefully topped with bacon and other yummies.  They did a pretty good job for being a sports bar, but not impressive. They claim their meat is fresh ground, though when that's the case, the patty has a different type of form and is less flat and compacted.. okay, maybe they grind it in the AM and then stockpile patties for the day.. that's fine.  The bacon (I ordered the #9 All Star - cheddar, bacon, beef) was lame... thin, a bit stale-tasting, and not crispy.  The cheese was fine.  I did like that the meat was char-broiled and so it has a good taste to it.  Also, the inside wasn't over cooked and the bread they served it on was kinda sweet and giant... tasty, actually.The sides were blaaaah.. cole slaw was really boring and had literally 3 ingredients (white cabbage, carrots, sugary mayo) something I would expect from Chili's or Denny's.Well, the burger hit the spot but the rest was plain and boring.  The Stella was not as cold as I prefer.  Our staff was very good.  So far, an OK place to visit, but a 4 star place is somewhere I will likely go out of my way to visit.. this didn't make the cut.
4	Oh yum. $3.00 cocktails with an old friend and chicken tenders. I vote yes on all counts. They did a great job of handeling the March madness crowd too. I travel to Chandler a lot for business so this will be my new place to poke in and grab a drink and some yummy food. I love the patio also nice combo of outside/inside seating. Word.
1	Lipstick on a pig.  Nice atmosphere, attractive staff.  But being cute only goes so far in life and in the restaurant industry.  I gave the bartender (Marissa, I think?) a second chance after she was a snob on my first visit.  Strike two and Majerle's is out.  Getting conversation out of the barstaff is like pulling teeth unless you have a popped collar and a Jersey Shore tan.  Exactly what a bar should NOT be.
3	We had our reunion meeting at this location and happened to pick a bad night for that, as they were having trivia night and the guy on the mic was a tad LOUD and sitting at a table of 6 we could barely hear the person across from us, so that was our bad I guess for not researching that.Otherwise, the food was pretty good! I had the Buffalo chicken wrap, it was delicious just really messy and substituted the fries for a side salad. I was a lil disappointed with the side salad. The mix totally looked like one of those cheap iceberg bagged packages but it was alright. I washed everything down with a 'dirty pear' aka a snakebite (Guinness and Pear Cider) which indeed was tasty.
4	Good food, but the atmosphere is really loud even for a sports bar.
1	Went to Marjerle's at Chandler Fashion last night for a birthday party and here's a list of things that went wrong:1. Our reservation information was incorrect. We reserved a party of  25 people and they only put us down for 10. They also had the time wrong by an hour. Thankfully, they weren't busy.2. We had to argue with the server more than once in order to add more tables onto ours even though they weren't busy and we were seated outside which was practically empty.3. Our server had a bad attitude almost immediately and when we asked for a different server our request was ignored. We were given attitude whenever we asked questions about the menu items and she never once smiled. 4. We inquired about a Chambord vodka shot and we received Chambord liqueur shots instead. When we sent them back unconsumed there was attitude from both the server and the bartender as well. 5. Finally, when we decided to speak to Jeff, the manager, he was condescending and tried to discount our complaints with an argument for why his staff behaved the way that they did. He didn't listen to everything we had to say before he jumped in and started defending them. He then told us that the staff complained about us as well which is very unprofessional. Our request for a different server was finally honored and she was lovely, but it was much too late to salvage this establishment's reputation as far as I'm concerned. 6. Lastly, when I received my bill I had been charged for the shot that was returned and one person was charged $3 more for the same beverage that several others had been served throughout the evening. There was also 20% gratuity already added to all the checks. This was my first and last visit to Majerle's.
2	The food is bland and way too expensive. You would be better off eating on an airplane!The only reason I didn't give it a one star is that the interior decor was well done.
4	Majerle's Sports Grill is perhaps one of the best sports' themed bars to go to in the valley. Yes, I know one must be confident to utter such words, but just take my word for it.Call me biased - being an NBA fan, both of the Phoenix Suns and Thunder Dan (umm, owner of the restaraunt), the environment is awesome. The place is literally packed for every weekly events, from NBA, NFL, NCAA games, to major pay-per view events such as UFC. As you can imagine it can get quite loud at times, but I dining with good food, live sports, and interesting people is more than one could bargain for...As for the food itself, I have tried many items off the menu, and you can bet the food is great. Burgers, salads, and sanwiches are all recommended here. I strongly recommend the fries. The waitresses are another highlight as this has to be one of the best establishments I have gone to without any "Waitress Incidents". So what are you waiting for?
3	I have been here so often I can't believe that I have never written a review! I l like the atmosphere here at Majerle's , the servers are always friendly and the drink specials are good. As a vegetarian their menu options are slim but they will modify an item if you ask nicely. I get the Sun's Melt without the hamburger patty. My favorite time to go is during trivia, it's fun to hang out after work with friends and prove that I am smarter than them ; )
5	Food was good and enjoyed watching games from tvs outside.
3	Good happy hour prices. I enjoy a patio seating area, but every time I sit out there the service is really slow. Bartenders are attentive and quick so if you do go it's best to sit at the bar.I like the corn hole, it's fun to play games when out with friends. Trivia Tuesday is also attractive. Normally there aren't a lot of people there after dinner hours. If you want somewhere to mingle and meet new people this is not it. If you have a group of people who just want to drink beer and watch sports on TV this is better for you.
5	Majerles is a great place to watch a game.  I primarily go Tuesdays for Thunder Trivia and sit in Ines' section.  She is one of the best servers I've had.  Then I go Friday and Sundays and see Jen at the bar.  Both make my time at Majerles every time I go there.  The food is good, the housemade drinks are delicious, and the happy hour prices are unbeatable!  Not to mention, there are televisions everywhere and they will put on any game you need/want to watch.
1	I must be picky or just notice a lot of things.... lets list out the cons, then pros. This all occurred on a Saturday around 1pm.Cons:1) When asking the hostess if there are any spaces at the bar(which there appeared to be) she states "no, there's someone in the bathroom" and instead of asking the person who had his arm around two chairs(big dude), she made up a lie. No one sat in those seats and they were subsequently taken by new people 2 minutes afterward when they just walked up and sat down. Useless hostess.2) The hostess brought water glasses over to the table on a serving tray and then sneezed in her hand(right hand) and proceeded to pick up our water glasses and place them on the table with the same hand. ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?3) It took 15 minutes to get a beer which was ordered after 5 minutes.(20 minutes to get a drink besides water)4) There were people sitting every other seat seat at the bar, with their legs/arms around other chairs. The bartender or manager needs to come by and make sure the chairs are open for potential guest by putting them sideways or in a fashion that makes them available for use and not for random body parts to be held up by. None of these person appeared to be holding spaces for other individuals... just their feet.5) Very loud people who were clearly drunk making the atmosphere difficult to hear or have a conversation with.6) With so many tvs, they only had three things on: their dumb music videos, news, and some reality tv show. No sports(except on the news when it was re-capping). Pros:1) Waitress acknowledged that they were busy and stated they were understaffed.(On a Saturday). She apologized for the issue with our waters and got us fresh glasses. Although she corrected the previous hostesses mistakes, she kept pushing asking us why we wanted our check... Don't keep asking me when we've already said we don't want to stay for "X" reasons. I shouldn't need to give a reason to get my check. I doubt we will be back here. Totally uninviting atmosphere, noisy, non-sports oriented. I thought this was a sports bar... guess it's just another wannabe scottsdale bar that just doesn't come 1/3 as close to it's expectations. Poor services, disgusting hostess practices, long wait times(even when it wasn't full).... not for me.
1	Eeewww!!! Skip this place!! The food is gross- no seasoning on anything!! I got a pasta dish - so bland and pointless to eat. My boyfriend got a burger that was way overcooked and the bun was too large to even eat with the meat! Garlic bread was way spicy (why I don't know... Wouldn't expect that to have a kick but my mouth was on fire). I got house wine to drink which seemed like it had been uncorked for a month so the next glass I upgraded which was a bad idea because I could only take a sip of because it was so gross. Never again!!
1	One star. If even. Here on a rather slow Friday night, Chandler location.  Food terrible. No liquor in the happy hour drinks.  Had to send them back but more of the same. I will say our waitress was sympathetic so we will take care of her tip.  First time here but sadly will never return.
2	The bar is just "okay" but definitely wouldn't recommend it to all woman group or for a hangout place, more of a quick pit stop type place or if your in the neighborhood... The staff are a bunch a woman and not very friendly at all (super snobby if you ask me)... for what that's worth, the food is okay not the best not the worst, beers about $4 other alcoholic beverages about $7.
1	I'm always a little leery about going to Sports restaurants.  They usually lack character and the food is never impressive.  I reaffirmed this belief with my visit to Majerle's.  I ordered the soft chicken tacos, which was listed under the "Entrees and Sandwiches" category.  It said all entrees and sandwiches come with fries.  I was greatly looking forward to this, because my tacos were to also include chips and salsa (which I hate).  I never did receive fries with my meal.  I know tacos and fries don't normally go together, but the menu made me believe they did.  I asked the waitress why I didn't receive any fries and she replied, "because I ordered the tacos".  No where on the menu did it say "Tacos do not come with fries, even though it says entrees receive fries". It may seem like I am over-reacting about some fries, but the tacos I received were tiny and unfilling and I did not touch the chips.  Chips and salsa should be free, not part of a meal! The waitress was very unsympathetic about my issue.  When I asked her how much it would be to get a side of fries,  she insisted on showing me the price on the menu instead of just telling me, like I should have searched the menu better. The waitress never came by once to fill my cup of water, but was eager to get everyone else another beer. I sat there with an empty cup the majority of the meal. The servers in general were not very friendly. One last complaint, the chicken in the tacos were supposedly marinated in a sauce but the chicken was rather dry and bland.  I did not taste any seasoning what-so-ever. So in the end, I got 3 tiny tacos for $9...plus tip and tax. Yaaaaay I love wasting money.  Never going here again.
4	Ordered a french dip sandwich with fries. The fries were excellent and crispy, but the sandwich could have been a little bigger. Overall, it had a nice atmosphere and the value was average.
5	Amazing experience and food!  Service was so fast we were barely done with apps when food came.  Server was on top of everything. Great food. Great atmosphere
2	One big mehBeer...not coldBoneless wings...adequateCelery and carrots...goodService...inattentive at best dismissive at worstOh...I forgot to mention...World Series game on and MNF...place was sparsely occupied.  Mediocre everything won't put butts in the seat even with the World Series and MNF on TV.  Some one in the management food chain should look into the issues with this place.
1	Was forgotten on the smaller patio and asked to switch to mich v mich st football game and after 15 mins and asking  3 times it did not happen.
5	The strawberry and feta salad is superb! Great blood Mary and an extremely attentive and friendly bartender. I stopped in Friday afternoon for a quick lunch. Good times!
4	If you go, try to sit at the bar especially if Jenn is working. The best bartender I've seen in AZ- funny, friendly, and very fast. Great place to watch any games, or hang out with friends. Try any of the burgers and boneless wings are awesome.
4	It has to be said - I am the Wife of a Sports Fan.  We eat at sports bars.......a Lot.This place is clean, the seating is comfortable and they have a GREAT basic salad (fresh spring greens, that thin shredded cheese, lovely sliced cukes and crunchy croutons) with the BEST ranch dressing - I mean creamy, rich, full-bodied Ranch!So I can dig into whatever appetizer he orders and look forward to the Salad chaser!  "He" said "everything" when I asked what he liked on their menu!  There you go!
3	Great place to watch any type of sports.  Good beer selection and wait staff.  Walking distance to the house!
5	So were do I start.  This bar is fantastic.  Great service and good people. Jen Marissa and Chelsea are fantastic. Atmosphere is laid back and the drinks are cheap.So today...I'm pretty hungover and I come in for a bloody Mary and my car keys. I get my Mary and it is exceptional except for one little problem. The olives are dry. A man cannot enjoy his BM with dry olives. So I mention in passing to the manger that the olives are dry today. Instead of just ignoring me...you know what he does... he goes to the back, opens a fresh jar, and proceeds to bring me the moistest olives I've ever had.Literally these olives would make the Sahara desert orgasm. This bloody Mary went for great to "I'd slap my momma for one more". I felt good. Exceptional service. Good people. Moistest of olives. I shall return to this establishment.
3	I wasn't impressed with the atmosphere here. It's considered to be a sports bar, yet there was no pool tables, all the TVs were muted, and Katy Perry was playing... Not my idea of a fun and cool sports bar. Don't know if I'll be back.
4	Sat at the bar. Very attentive service. Good steak sliders. I liked the atmosphere. I recommend this place.
4	Me and my wife go to Majerle's often we have always found it to be a great place, a little pricy sometimes,  but we like the great service and atmosphere.    It has very good food,  lots of great sports on the many Flat Screens.   Its a good dependable place to go.   And Dan Majerle's brother that runs the place is a nice guy and always will have a word with ya if you try.   We like to sit at the bar which could have been a little bigger.  But what do I know.    I'll take it the way it is.
3	The selection is definitely lacking but it was across the street from my hotel.  The chicken sandwich was ok, but the apps weren't all that tasty.  Good place to hit up when you don't have a car!
3	Mediocre sports bar. The place is clean and looks nice, but honestly there is nothing that really sets it apart from any other place around town.One issue I have is the lack of selections for someone that eats vegetarian/vegan. Even some pretzel bites or hummus would be nice.
4	Everything was great except for the tap water...order a bottle water if you are a water drinker. Food was excellent and full of flavor!!!
3	Their burgers are good. That's the only thing good I can really say about this place.
4	Good food, drinks good, good service, except at the end when we wanted to leave! They were pretty busy, but my husband had to walk over to our waitress and ask for our check! Note: it was the first Thursday night football game, so it's crowed, but once the game started, it got very loud. Not great if you've got little kids!!All in all I'd come back!
1	Good service expensive food and a cockroach that ran up the booth behind my friend while we were eating our food.  We told the manager and he said "We sprayed the other day"  Nothing comped and we lost our appetites.  I won't go back.
1	I give it 3 stars because the food was delicious, our server was so sweet and accommodating. She always kept drinks coming and checked on us frequently. We moved to the bar afterward so as not to take up her table.  We were greeted by a bartender that was such a snob, i get it you have a bitch face but that does not entitle you to be one. She snarls as she takes our order. Demanding id which i couldn't find right away. She instantly assumes we were never carded and proceeds to tell the busser and other bartender. As i frantically dig for it she barks, who was your server. Ok whatever quarrel you have with your coworker does not involve me, why don't you focus on your customer. I finally find it and she ignores us the rest of our stay as if we ruined her chance to reprimand a server. Fucking awful bartender service. Period. Dot dotPs my Id was out of date dumbass
2	We've eaten here a multitude of times because the food is decent and close to where we live, but especially as of late, we have gotten the WORST service. The waitresses seem like they're in some sort of clique and aren't really concerned with doing their job. We went tonight, and after 20+ minutes of waiting for our food, the waitress comes over and tells us the kitchen lost our ticket, and she retakes our order. No apology whatsoever or sentiments or anything. Our food came out after about another 15 minutes and again, no apology or anything. I thought they'd maybe at least take a little bit off our bill, but nope. They didn't even care. Pretty disappointing. While I love their Grilled Chicken Fajita Wrap, Majerle's is quickly becoming the last place on my list of places to eat due to the subsequent and consistent crappy, nonchalant service. Save your money.
1	This is an excellent place to eat if you like to feel like you are a low priority and an inconvenience for the servers. On my second to last visit, we waited for fifteen minutes before a server actually came to our table. We were about to get up and leave, but then a table across the way complained to THEIR server that they noticed we hadn't gotten service. We finally got a waitress who clearly had no time for our table.On my experience last Sunday, we ordered and were told about 20 minutes in that our ticket had been lost and they had to retake our order. No apologies, discounts, appetizer to hold us over, etc. We were not in a hurry but had we been this could have been much worse. This is even more disappointing because the food is reasonably good and I like the ambiance and layout of TVs for watching games that are on. The recurring issues with service however are just not worth my time or anyone else's for that matter. There are many other sports bars in the vicinity with equal TV/food quality and MUCH better service.
4	Attended the massive Big Red Rage show for the Cards' final home game against the Seachickens. 3 of us had burgers and it was the best burger I've had in as long as I can remember. Minus one star for crappy fries. But the burger I'd do again for sure. Service was good, especially considering the mod scene in the joint that night. Will visit again soon.
1	Food: huge chicken strips for kids! My 3 year old and 1 year old split the order and couldn't finish. Fries were amazing to me, oily to my husband. Burger had no seasoning and tasted like pure cow. Couldn't finish it. Bun also tasted like a potato bread base which made it squishy and chewy. Service: fine until we got our food and then she disappeared. No refills. Not enough napkins. No check back on food quality. Once we saw her again we let her know my husband couldn't eat his salad, that our drinks were empty, and asked for garlic bread and the check. It took ten minutes for her to come back with the check and the manager brought the bread out, we told him we had to leave because our daughter needed to sleep, and he boxed it up for us. $37 for the girls to eat, and us to munch on fries.Environment: awesome.Probably won't come back unless a group is coming and invites us.
