5	I arrived late-ish, tired from a grueling trip and emotionally bruised from an encounter with a rental car company, and immediately I was in good hands. Kind and friendly front desk people took care of me, going the extra mile. Beautiful lobby, excellent room (impeccably clean), great wings at the bar (open late!), patient servers, and just an overall feeling of comfort and wellbeing.  Lovely bed, hot shower, in-room coffee pot, freshly renovated...go stay there. I would. Highly recommend. Only faint issue:  would have loved free wi-fi. Not a deal-breaker, though. I like Starwood Hotels, of which this is one.
2	This hotel was ok, the Host -Quntin was great., the room took a while to heat up. and the food was good and alot ( dinner). the cheapest thing on the menu was $12.00. The room was wonderful other then the heat part. When it was time to get up the breakfast food was bad. bacon was cooked to hard, the eggs were hard, the fruit was the only thing they could not mess up. that cost me $15.00 (not happy) I went here because my flight got bumped and the next flight was not until the next day. ( not happy). When i went to the bar for dinner they had hockey on and i ask could they change the channel to CNN OR SOMETHING else the guy said no !! all 6 of the tv had to stay on that channel it was a wiring problem.
3	Perfect airport hotel.  Decent rooms, starting to age but still not bad.  Not easy to get to or find so look for the large gas sign. But if you do, they have a small pool and a large lobby.  Perfect place to hang out if your tired of your small room.  Food is okay but nothing fantastic in my three stays there.
4	Nice hotel, clean rooms, OK food. I would visit again.
2	Lobby, restaurant, bar and internet area all look great and new! Room Service was great, fast and efficient. Check in was good, not great! They charge for internet service in the room, that's so 2008!This is a typical 80 style building that was retrofitted and remodeled. So The main structure, bathroom and HVAC systems all pose a ongoing problem, no matter the extensive renovation.From a cleanliness perspective the room had spider webs around every corner of the ceiling.
2	I get really annoyed with these "fancy" hotels who don't offer the refrigerator and microwave in their standard rooms, which I can get at a Holiday Inn Express or a Comfort Inn for probably half the price.  Also, for the love of all things holy, don't charge people for WiFi in 2011 after they already paid you an arm and a leg for a room that isn't worth it.  That is RIDICULOUS.There's at least a half-mile walk (without a sidewalk) to anything except a small convenience store.The room was comfortable enough, but no greater than any 3-star hotel I've ever stayed in.
2	This is a decent hotel.  Decent for a quick over-nighter if you've missed a flight.  But it's not good for longer stays or repeat visits.  The building itself needs updating.  The food at breakfast is OK. But lunch/dinner is like bar food.  Half of the floors don't have vending machines.  One of the floors that does does not offer drinks.  One machine that offered drinks keeps your money without providing a drink.  The other working machine is all out of stock.  Bottled water in the room is $4.00 (before they tack on other BS charges).  Internet access is $9.95 per day.  3G reception in the building is horrible too!  It's missing most of the things that make longer stays tolerable.I'd recommend staying somewhere else if you can!
4	Updated:  12/17/12The Good:  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The front desk was very friendly (Lindsay at the front desk has been particularly friendly and helpful) at check-in and the restaurant staff were also very nice.  The room was clean and well kept with a ~24" flat TV and decent furniture.  The breakfast  has been improved since the last time.  The potatoes were much better than before and the eggs were done on a per order basis when it wasn't busy.  The bacon and was quite a bit better.The Not So Good:  Dinner was decent but still left a bit to be desired as far as seasoning and interesting flavors to their dishes.  They would do well to get a little more variety of beers on tap as well.  Yes it is a hotel by the airport but I've stayed at several hotels this lose to airports and they generally have better windows to isolate some of the noise.Overall, this was a good hotel.  I think the room is among the better quality ones in the area and, provided you're a sound sleeper when it comes to noise, it is pretty comfortable.
1	The staff was friendly and helpful. That's the only reason this place gets a star. After 10 hours on the road we stumbled in here thinking, how bad can a Sheraton be? Answer: pretty bad! A huge number of kids were staying here for a soccer tournament. No one appeared to be supervising these children who ran screaming through the lobby and restaurant/bar area for entire evening. Actually they were also running and yelling in and out of elevators and hallways, too! It was a tired person's worst nightmare. The room was clean, but the carpeting was terribly stained and the furniture scratched. The bed was, thankfully, comfortable. Just to finish things off, the bill slipped under the door that night was totally wrong. I'd say, skip this one. You can surely do better!
3	Not bad.  Large and tasteful lobby, small but fun indoor/outdoor pool and seating area.  Rooms were nicely appointed and everything seemed clean and in order.  The staff was very friendly and the free airport shuttle kept to its schedule (every 30 mins).  However, there is nothing around except a Shell gas station.  No restaurants or bars except the hotel ones (which close at 12am).
2	Starwood Hotels, you really let us down. We booked this hotel to stay during an overnight layover in Charlotte. We arrived at the hotel via the courtesy van. While the front desk girl and shuttle guy were pleasant, that's pretty much the only thing I can say were positives of this experience. First, our room reeked of incense (FYI, non-smoking also includes pot smoke). Next, we went down to the lobby area to eat dinner. When we tried to order, we were told that they were "out" of both items we requested. Then, the items we did order tasted like the equivalent of a Stouffer's microwave dinner and the dessert was rubbery and a waste of money.Next, in the morning, when we went to get ready, we had to bathe in our own dirt because the shower drain was clogged. I literally filled the tub with shower water that didn't go down all the way until we were almost ready to check out. That's just nasty!When we got downstairs my husband asked an employee if they had a kiosk to check in for our flight (many hotels have this now). He said they didn't but directed us to the business center to print our passes via their computer. He failed to mention that the printer wasn't working. So I went through the whole thing for nothing. I typically don't pay for or book hotels through full-price sites (in this case spg. com) but we wanted to make sure we were super close to the airport and up until this experience I had always had all positives to say about Starwood Hotels (owners of Sheraton, Westin, W, Four Points, etc.).  We paid about $200 for the room before taxes and fees and I won't ever do that again. I had a better stay at a Holiday Inn off Hotwire for $85! Also, once again, no free WiFi...which pretty much puts this on the no-go list!
2	This hotel looks a lot better than it smells. The lobby has the stench of too much cheap air fresher and the rooms, furnished in the 1970s faux wood motel style, carry the unpleasantly musty stink of the unconcealed carpet stains. My room overlooked a dreary parking lot but on the bright side, the Internet was relatively quick and the hotel is minutes from the airport and the interstate. There are no decent food options within walking distance. Charlotte is such a nice town, this hotel and its environs won't do your trip justice. Surprised that this meets the Starwood standard.
2	The good:  The staff in the evening at check-in were friendly and helpful.  After getting stuck in Charlotte due to weather in Chicago, we were able to book this hotel for our unexpected stay.  As a nursing mother I was hoping for a fridge in my room, however a pageant taking place at the hotel meant all were taken.  The staff were nice enough to let me keep some things in the employee fridge which I really appreciated.The beds are very comfortable so you can get a good night's sleep.The food at the main restaurant/bar was decent with very large portions.  In typical southern style, it was covered in sauce(s) but good enough.The not so good:  The main picture posted on Yelp (and on SPG.com) leads you to believe the hotel is nicer than it actually is.  The hotel is very average and does not appear to have been significantly updated in the last 10-15 years (except for the beds which were quite nice).The website advertising a 24-hour on-demand shuttle, however the on-demand part is only when being picked up from the airport not to be dropped off (which would have been helpful for them to mention at check-in).  There were 3-5 of us that were ready to go at 5:45am (because our flight departed at 6:50am) but were told that we had to wait until 6am because it only leaves on the half hour.  They also would not let us ride with an earlier van that carried crew members and informed us that a taxi would take 15-20 minutes to call.  Overall, seemed frustrating as to why they could not have a van make a trip to the airport when there are 5 people waiting to go.I'm not sure if this is an SPG systematic problem or not, but the hotel charged me for internet on my bill and I had to ask to have it taken off (since I'm a platinum member).  This has happened at several hotels, and I feel they are trying to pass through charges and hoping that guests don't notice.
4	Just had to yelp out because the manager was so nice and helpful to me and my mother not just one but two times today.  The staff is obviously making an effort in the area of customer service.  Hotel is up to date, clean and very close to airport.  Oh, yes, must say though that the air freshener issue broached by others is a valid issue.  Yuck!
4	Staff are great - friendly and helpful. Beds are hit or miss. Some beds are noticeably  older and squeak horribly. Some are as comfy as could be. As usual, Sheraton pillows are amongst the best. Restaurant, bar, pool, and lobby are nice as well.
4	The lobby is nice and the pool, fitness room are good. Some floors look a bit dated although rooms are just like other Sheratons.
4	Clean and welcoming... For cheaper rates, book through Hotwire. Only thing I didn't like is whatever they cleaned with -- it was a bit much and had an overwhelming smell when I would walked into the hotel.
1	Pretty lobby, but had problems with the hotel staff.  We held a meeting there and had no problems with the room, the AV or the catering.  However, as a guest, I would not go back.  The lobby is pretty, but the room did have a smell to it.  The internet connection in my room was intermittent and when I called, I was told, "I don't know what you want me to do about it . . "  She didn't offer any ideas for help and was quite frankly, rude.  I had the same problem on my laptop, iPad and iPhone.  It wasn't me.  I asked to take a muffin from the restaurant into the meeting room and, at first, they didn't want to let me - at all.  When they did, they charged me for the full buffet.  Others in our group had problems as well.
4	We stayed for my best friends 21st, we got yelled at for having more than 2 people in the room (there were 4 people in a suite...) and for being "loud" when we were having casual conversation at 11pm. It's not worth the outrageous amount of money and they are NOT accommodating what so ever, don't waste your money. The manager came and yelled at us himself. If you feel like being disrespected, stay at this hotel. We certainly won't be back
