4	This Zia has a good assortment of used music and movies but doesn't compare to the gold mine that is the Tempe location. Still any Zia Records is better than shopping for music at Best Buy! You can usually find anything your looking for either new or used and they always have a good selection of recently acquired used CD's and DVD's on one of the end posts of the aisle when you walk in. Great place to go and exchange some old CD's you've listened to way to much and dive into something new.
4	Pretty good selection... i have been able to buy almost any new-non release that i wanted used!! And you dont even have to be a stoner to go in there now!
4	This place is great. I've never been out to Tempe to see the mythical location they have out there, so I'll just have to go by what I see here. Some great, obscure stuff (usually only the Used stuff will actually surprise you) but the best part is the prices. Even on new stuff, the prices are really reasonable. Easily my favourite thing they do is putting brand new releases on sale for $15 or even as low as $13 during the first week of their release. Many a rad album has been picked up during these sales, and every now and again, you can pick up a 'Used' (see: stolen from Wal-Mart and traded in by a crack-addicted hobo) copy of some of the newer albums. I can't think of anywhere else that you can pick up a used CD for as low as 3 bucks. I'm sure another place exists, but I haven't found it.The only black mark.. and it's a fairly sizeable one.. is that the staff is invariably dumb and lazy. They rarely help you find anything, and even if they knew what you were talking about, they probably couldn't see to help you because their hair has been combed over one eye. The girls that work there apparently have one qualification: cup size. They lost a star for that. Meh.Even so, probably the best record store in the valley, despite the Special Olympians that work there.
4	Worked here for almost two years so I might be a little bit biased, but this is one of the best Zia locations in the valley. The store is kept decently clean (as clean as can be expected for a used record store) and most of the sections are kept in order. You won't get retail for your used products, though some morons seem to think you should, but you get decent money - especially if the store needs what you have. You can find super rare DVDs, CDs, and LPs here but be prepared to dig and get your hands dirty.
4	This used to be my favorite place to go as a bored teen growing up on the west side. I think it's a little unfair to say that this location pales in comparison to the Tempe or Chandler locations, as they all have relatively the same merchandise and you can place an order on any of their stuff from different locations. This is probably your best bet for music if you live in glendale or peoria, its got a decent enough collections of vinyl as well. The dvd's and video game selection is better than you'd expect. Also Zia is a great place to buy concert tix.They're usually pretty fair when it comes to selling your cd's or dvds or games, so all you broke teens in desperate need of pocket change come pawn your posessions cause mommy and daddy will probably just buy you a new one anyway
5	I love this place.  They have anything and everything you can think of.  One thing I do like especially is the massive horror dvd section they have.  Try walking into Best Buy and look at their tiny little two shelves of horror dvds.. Pathetic.The staff and Zia's is always helpful with anything you need.  And if there's a movie or cd, or anything you need.. call them up and generally they will carry it and hold it for you.Zia's is the best shop around!
4	Great selection of music, books and movies. Cheap prices and excellent staff!
5	I think I would spend all of my hard earned cash here if I didn't force myself to stay away.I love Zia. I always find really great deals here. I shop for everyone's birthday presents here, so long as they are into music, movies, and such. I throughly enjoy the fact that they now have an extensive book selection. The fact that Zia sells new and used products really makes me happy. I absolutely adore the vinyl section.
3	If I could get my hands on a DeLorean and write this review six years ago I would have given Zia five stars. As much as I'd like to, I just can't do that anymore. I understand that the rise in illegal downloading and free movie websites hurts everybody from the record labels down to the local record stores, but Zia has really let itself slide. The prices aren't that great anymore. In fact, the CDs are usually two to three dollars more than they would be at Target. I started shopping for vinyl here back when I was jail bait and every 33 was about $1.99. Since then they have begun to differentiate prices based on the band, so Barbra Streisand is now $2.99 while anything by the Rolling Stones would be $7.00+ I used to really like the home accessories too. Everything was funky and sent me into daydreams about how I would decorate my first place. Now, everything they have is either bacon or pot themed. The staff still remains great. They are as helpful as always. The only form of media I still have to pay for are my vinyl records, but there are many other local shops that have much better vinyl selections than Zia. I hate that every visit to Zia is spent thinking about the websites that offer all of Zia's merchandise for less. That is the attitude that is slowly destroying Zia, but they really aren't doing anything to circumvent this problem either.
4	We love going to Zia Records. They have a great selection of music, movies & now books too! We always go here when we are looking for something & have always had great luck finding it. The store can be a bit overwhelming at first but the staff is very friendly with helping you look up & locate an item. It's also a great place to trade in your old stuff for cash or credit towards something new or at least new to you. They have a $1 bin of children's books and I always find some good books for my boys! The novelty area of the store is pretty cool as well. They have lots of unique items that I have never seen anywhere else. LOVE ZIA!!
3	Normally I love Zia. The Tempe location is great, awesome staff, good selection and prices.This store has a ridiculous amount of books, though less music-related ones than I would expect from a record store. The DVDs are priced well and the buckets and buckets of 2 for $3 books are amazing. The actual merchandise is too typical pot-head, trendy stuff, like you can get at Spencer's. Once in a while there's something nifty though. So, minus a star for those points. It would be 4 stars except for my experience today - I've been on the lookout for a particular album for a couple weeks, and not having found it, tried to special order it. The guy working the counter, who had been eyeing me suspiciously as I browsed the posters by the door (right, because I'm gonna *steal* my 2 for $3 of books), informed me that this album had only ever been available as a 10" vinyl, and has been out of print for 3 years. Riiiight. I've SEEN it at the Tempe location a couple times as a CD. When I lightly pointed that out and asked why they could get the bands CDs from 2001, 2003, and 2009 but not this from '06, he just said "Nope, only vinyl, outta print."  I'm not sure what his deal was, but it kinda left a sour taste in my mouth that I had to order it from Amazon (which, by the way, was no problem at all).
4	My favorite local record store recently got even better.  Several months ago, they added a new/used book area to the location.  You can always pick up lesser known music CDs at an affordable price.  Also, their book and movie sections are impressive.  They have a good trade-in policy, along with a rewards program where I seem to get regular discounts on their products.  The location is a little dodgy, but I've never had a problem.  Overall, this store is highly recommended.
5	Just got back from going into Zias for the first time. I wish I would have found this place earlier. They have a great selection of about anything you're looking for (DVDs, CDs, vinyl and BluRay) and some things you may not be looking for, but are certainly cool. Personally, I was impressed by their selection of funny fridge magnets. But they also have other stuff like music collectibles and TV series sets (Seinfeld, etc). I traded in about 60 records and received a great price. Their service was fantastic! Thanks everyone, I appreciate your excellent customer service. I'll be back.
4	As with everything, I imagine, different music stores have their own culture: it's like (if at all you remember) the opposing cultures of Werehouse Records and Tower Records.  Werehouse was a bit more corporate and homogenized, while Tower was much more relaxed and hip.To me, Zia Records feels more like the Towers of lore, with a bit more structure and a lot more personality.  You walk in, and you could spend an easy hour just sifting around looking for bargains.  Unlike Tower, the Zia staff isn't condescending just because they have tattoos and plugs, and you don't.  Zia has respect AND nice bargains.  I bought a CD at FYE in Fullerton, CA, drove to Arizona, and found it for half the price at Zia.  That's a long drive for a used CD, I know.  But I bought multiple!If you're opposed to Amazon, if you're tired of FYE (who isn't?), then you can also shop Zia online.
5	This is a unique store with incredible selection that also is entertaining and fun to shop at.  Little knick-knacks like drumstick cooking spoons and bacon bandaids make great joke gifts.  Movies are generally very well priced, and very interesting books and records.  They also will most likely have the music you are looking for, I was able to find Lacuna Coil and Satyricon easily.
3	I remember when this place was on the corner of 19th Ave and Tbird.  Ive been coming here that long.  Seems like the last few times I have been in here it appears that the prices have gone up or is it just me?  Otherwise I enjoy coming here as the employees are always willing to help me find what I am looking for or check another location for me.
2	I wish I could give this place a better rating.  I really do.  But I HATE it when places like this take advantage of people and charge them RETAIL for a used item.  Case in point, they sold my wife the Planet Earth Blu Rays for $31.99 USED when that is what they cost brand new.  Not everyone runs around with a smartphone in their face to price compare and places like Zia take full advantage.  But will they take the item back?  Of course not.They do have a great selection but how do you justify charging $10 for a used CD that costs $5-6 brand new at Best Buy or Amazon?  This place is a rip off just like almost every other second hand place.Not saying don't go.... but if you do, have your phone with you with some sort of price checking application so you don't get hosed.
3	It's a bit too 'hipster' for my taste although I will say they have a great selection of music that is difficult to find in big box retail stores.  I don't mind paying a slightly higher MSRP price for hard to find stuff but I avoid purchasing mainstream music or DVD's here as they usually can be found cheaper elsewhere.  They also are a good place to purchase tickets for certain venues/acts that come to the valley.  If you are in the area I would definitely recommend checking them out, especially if you are in the market for hard to find artists.
5	Love ZIA records! This is an awesome place to trade and buy DVDS and Music. I found series of TV shows that I could find anywhere else. Often times they will have new and used versions of majority of what they carry just in case you would like a new unused dvds or cds/records. They also have a large selection of gag-gifts and nic-nacs for your entertainment. The customer service is always very good and the staff is usually always willing to help you find what you are looking for. The trick with any ZIA records is to call and ask the representative on the other line to look up whatever it is you maybe looking for. If that location doesn't have what you are looking for you can almost always find it at a different location. Awesome go-to to find TV series- Movies- DVDs and Music!!!
4	Zia has been my go-to record store--the Thunderbird ocation in particular--since I moved to Phoenix, and that is longer ago than I care to admit. I can--and have--literally spent hours browsing in this place, and try as I might I cannot escape without buying something....curse you, Zia, curse you!  ;-)Zia's basic gimmick is that they buy, sell, and trade used music. The first time I came here I walked in with a bunch of LPs and cassettes left over from my college days that I no longer listened to (and truthfully was a bit embarrassed to admit I had once liked....*cough* Poison *cough*...) and I walked out with the same amount of new music in the form of used CDs! (And a few cassettes...it was awhile ago, okay? Though I hear cassettes are making a bit of a hipster comeback...) What impresses me most about Zia is the depth and breadth of their music selection, including a lot of rare, independent, import and hard-to-find stuff.  My personal best finds here include a cassette copy of the Gin Blossoms' first, self-released album and several CDs from the Northside label, which specializes in artists who play traditional Scandanavian music. (Check out Vasen and Garmana if you are curious!) This Zia also has a designated Metal section (which as a die-hard metalhead I appreciate!) that has yielded some great finds, including a copy of  Agalloch's "Pale Folklore" that I got used, in great condition, for a fraction of the price I would have paid on Amazon! There's even a pretty fair section of Classical, Jazz and Blues CDs. Don't see something you want, or looking for something specific? Ask the staff; if they don't have it in store, they can check to see if it is in stock at another Zia location, or maybe order it. CDs are still the predominant form of music, but Zia has always had a decent Vinyl selection and this collection has expanded of late as Vinyl becomes popular again.  Of course Zia also has the latest new releases for sale, and in-store appearances by artists. There's decent selection of posters, magazines, stickers, buttons, jewelry and T-shirts. We all know the music industry is in a state of flux as digital downloads--legal and otherwise--replace physical product, and record stores that do not evolve with the times die out. Accordingly, Zia has increased its selection of accessory items, and added other products like DVDs, video games, collectables, and (most recently) used books. Industry trends are likely the reason for another recent change I have noticed (and it's why they lose a star): They've become very picky about the used stuff they take in. Bottom line: if it is not in pristine condition, or something truly unique or rare, don't bother bringing it in, they aren't going to take it. That means better quality stuff for buyers, but less luck for sellers and/or traders. (Word of advice: if you're like me and cannot bear to just toss your less-than-pristine, unwanted CDs, DVDs, etc. in the trash, you can donate them to Goodwill!)Like all good record stores, the Thunderbird Zia has a suitably funky, counter-culture atmosphere, and based on the staff it would appear you're required to have tattoos, piercings and/or unnaturally colored hair to work here. But as a very average-looking, middle-aged female I have never been uncomfortable shopping here. You'll see everyone from teenage emo kids clad head-to-toe in black, to long-haired metalheads, to snowbirds in their shorts and spring-training baseball caps at Zia! Zia Record Exchange is truly one of my favorite places to hang out in Phoenix, and anyone who considers themselves a Phoenician needs to make a pilgrimage to one of their stores at least once. Highly recommended.
4	If you have time to look you should be able to find something you like here at a great price.
4	Just brought in a bunch of Dvds and got a really fair price for them. Got 100$ for what 1/2 books would have gave me maybe 30$. Also bought a sports action figure new in package for 1.99 that I can sell on eBay for 15-20$ great experience.
2	I've been here and had great service. But honestly , we're still in a bad economy.  The service was bad. They have these tokens by the door and I saw the guy behind the counter give it to someone. So I asked , "what's that for?". He ignored me. I asked again clearly and a bit louder , ignored me again. There are a lot of people who need jobs right now and the people getting hired are rude. I tweeted them that next time I'll just use iTunes. and I will. Your new albums are priced just as much , if not higher , than what I'd be paying for a download on iTunes ,  amazon mp3 , or other big brand stores. And yes this is a real review. I was there today , a beatles poster and a copy of a 3d only version of "Avatar" were purchased. A copy of sherlock holmes was purchased , but then exchanged unopened for avatar.
5	I've been coming here for years, a great place to browse movies and books. You can get good deals on used movies here.
4	Big store,  big selection,  some movies are priced very low.. You can find a lot of complete TV series... The anime over priced (compared to pawn shops), it's a good place to go if you're looking for a specific movie title.
5	This place is amazing! The have a huge variety of DVD's, BlueRays, CD's, records, books and other items that you wont be adn le to find many other places. The other great thing about Zia is that that they carry new and used items, so if you dont mind a previously owned item you're able to  get it much cheaper then if you had to buy it new. They have so much stiff here you could easily spend a few hours looking around and not even notice. I will be back to this Zia location soon.
5	I can't wait to come back to this place to just roam around for hours with a decent amount of money to spend. There is a plethora of new/used DVDs (blue rays too) that range from extremely recent to the classics. I was able to get one of my favorite 90's movies for 5 bucks and I can't wait to go back to roam through the 2 for $5 bins! This place also has comics and a wide selection of books.This is a great place to find gifts too if you have friends like mine. It's like a Spencer's but 10 times better.If you're looking to sell your stuff too, they do that! Just make sure it's in decent condition and still play-able. So many CDS! There just wasn't enough time for be to go through it all. Going back extremely soon.
5	Great location, I love the grunginess of this place. You could literally look for hours and still not cover base in this place. There is something for every bibliophile, techie, nerd, pop culture fan, and music lover. We sometimes come here to scope for cheap movies to watch, it's the same price as renting from Amazon, Vudu, Playstation, and Redbox. Only you get to keep the movie, which may or may not be a good thing depending on the movie. They have whole aisles of pop culture junk you don't need but can't be without. My only gripe is that the organization in the back is no bueno. We had to wait until after closing just so they could find cables for a game system we had just bought. The customer service is always great at any Zia's I have been to. Sure you can get the same stuff online but you don't actually get to see it in your hands, and walk away with your purchase immediately. Plus, I like to people watch and this location is great for that. It gets a bit 'rough' around here late at night. 4 for $1 books? I'm sold.
2	Took in about 60 CD's barely used, and 40 vinyl records each had been played one time. Did they take them? Yes...and what did I get? 40 bucks:/ I gave two stars because I did find used CD's I wanted and they didn't charge much, but I had vintage vinyl and good CD's I traded in for a lousy 40 bucks, that's like .50 cents a piece for stuff I know I could have sold for much more but didn't know where else to go.
5	My hubby and I are avid Zia goers. We go atleast once a week. They have such a vast amount of movies, music and books that we won't dare to go to any other store! We have purchased so many movies for such a little amount of money it makes me sick! haha! Whether we purchase new or used merchandise we always get a great deal.I love that you can donate the cost of your bag to a charity of your choice! Thank god for enormous purses! ;)
4	My favorite used record store in the valley. Used records priced to sell (for the most part), always fresh stock (and not just in the 'new arrivals' section), and the best spot for the occasional rare and unusual find. This place has helped me amass a nice collection more than any other store in the area. I love the staff here, all very friendly. My only gripe (and it's a small one) is this location has to make sure the proper vinyl is in the cover at checkout so, they say, you don't get home and find the wrong record inside (suurrreeeee ;)). This can be time consuming, but it's fine. Love this place!
5	Better experiences since my last visit. I found a copy of a new favorite Natalia Kills. I like the new expansion for the books. Impeccable CD and DVD collection for all tastes to consume. The video game selection new or used is impressive.
5	Zia the find everything random store music,books,movies,video games,comics and way more new used it's all there the whole package of Awsome get my kids games there every couple weeks cheaper than renting off red box when you own it for the fraction of what it goes for else were
2	I have moved several times, but got tired of toting around my DVD collection that I never seemed to watch anymore, as most of my movies have since been converted electronically. I knew I had a few options to try and sell 250+ movies, but I didn't have the time or energy to go through E-Bay or CL. So I did some searching and found Zia. Much to my surprise, it was very close to where I lived. I also saw a few other companies had DVD buyback programs as well; also with an average payout estimator. I decided to compare those numbers and knew roughly how much I would get from other company's versus Zia. But because Zia was the closest, I went first. The process went much differently than I anticipated. Where they shooed me off, and went to work on my collection. It took an hour and a half longer than they said it would, and when my movies were done they told me I would get $80, as there were some they weren't taking. I saw my stack of movies on the counter, and for the amount they were taking I thought that was reasonable. I accepted the deal without seeing the movies they didn't take. Big mistake on my part. They misled me into thinking they weren't taking as much as they did, when in reality they didn't take about 16. I was definitely ripped off. Of all the DVDs I sold, many were collectors editions that had never been opened, complete TV series, and harder to find movies that I didn't see on any of their shelves. I don't know if they decided to forgo pricing some of my movies and take them anyways, or if they just really think paying $0.20 for a movie they will turn around and sell for $5-6 later on is really fair. Either way, they definitely won't get my business back as a seller. As for the products in the store, I really did enjoy wandering around and getting to see everything they had to offer. If I hadn't have just sold my entire collection of DVDs, I probably would've considered adding to it! Overall I wasn't very happy with my experience. If I knew then what I know now, I would've taken the time to sell each DVD on my own individually- the money would've paid off the time dedicated to handle it.
5	Always and forever will I come to this Zia's.... I used to dream as a teenager to work here.... the place is soo big the books movies the odds and ends... just been one of my favorite haunts on a Sunday for 23 yrs...
5	Love zia records. They always have great deals on cds, blu rays and whatnot. The staff is always very helpful and kind.  I highly recommend for about anything you are looking for.
5	I was on a mission to find The Eagles Greatest Hits 1971-1975. Should be an easy find right? NO! After multiple stores across the valley from Gilbert to Scottsdale to random places in the Avenues, I ended up here. I checked the "E's" and the new stuff when some  bubbly chick with purple hair asked if I needed help. Apparently, I looked frustrated. I told her what I was in search of and after checking the computer and talking to her vinyl manager, she ended up searching all the bins on the ground with me. She didn't have to but she did to help a girl out. Granted, we didn't find it but the time she spent helping me search was going above and beyond. I can barely remember all the places I've been looking for this album (besides the place I finally found it), but this place sticks out the most because of her help. Next time I'm in search of something, I'll definitely be coming here first. Top notch service!!
