4	This diner is totally ghetto (extra-shabby strip mall, horrible decor, and absolutely zero effort made to be a "nice" place), but I keep going back because their wings are so damn yummy. I think their buffalo sauce is laced with heroin.A couple of tips: - Go there with the idea in your head of getting it to go. If you go there with the plan of eating it there, you'll probably change your mind before the food is even ready.- Use the drive-through if nobody else is in it already, otherwise park your car and go inside. They don't take your order until you get to the window (no intercom) and at about 5 minutes/car, you don't want to line up for that.It should also be said that they don't have a liquor license and it's 100% wrong to serve wings without beer, but I'll overlook that since this is strictly a to-go place for me and I have beer in my fridge.
4	My Dad used to make fun of me whenever I would bring these wings home. Having been raised on a chicken farm he would go on and on about how those wings must have come from sick chickens because they weren't very meaty compared to say... wings from Native New Yorker. He's not entirely wrong. They aren't extremely meaty wings, but they are relatively cheap. You can walk out the door with their special, it's 6 dozen wings for roughly $25 or roughly .35 cents a wing. But price isn't why people go there. It surely also isn't the facilities since they are truly abysmal and more than a tad bit scary unless it's high noon and you go with a friend. The reason people eat these wings is because the sauce must have been created on Mount Olympus to give the Gods their hot wing fix. I swear it's so good you almost want to lick the container once all of the wings are gone. I've actually saved the sauce for use later to put on other food I cook at home! It's just that good!I can only vouch for the Medium sauce though, as I don't get into the Hot or Suicide flavors. I like being able to taste things for the 24 hours after I eat my wings... Highly recommended if you don't mind packing heat to get in and out of the place. Or maybe a Taser.
4	I hadn't been here for a while, but I just happened to be driving down Alma School and absolutely had to stop.Anyhow, Doug W.'s review is right on. The place is scary looking and the wings aren't all that meaty, but the sauce on these wings are wowowowow good. It could contain all the trans-fats in the world for all I know and I still wouldn't care. This is still a strictly to-go place in my book.
3	I go here when Buffalo Wild wings is packed full of sports folk. Their wings are good and decently priced. The building is very small and hard to spot from the road. If you are a food snob then this probably isnt the place for you. Every time my husband and I have been here the staff was very friendly. Beware of the restrooms!
4	This is a to-go wing place with a DRIVE THRU.  Yeah, man, you can just, like, drive through and get a dozen wings.  The added bonus to this not-having-to-get-out-of-your-car trend is that the wings are actually not bad.  They're not restaurant style phenomenal, but they're descent for the price.  I prefer the honey hot since the extra hot are more like mild to me, so I go for flavor.  They're tiny little wings, like half the size of an Oregano's wing, but the sauce is essentially tasty and again, YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF YOUR CAR. I've never eaten there, and I probably never will. The place is uncomfortable and muggy, always turned to the Spanish channel or Fox news on the little TV's.  What I noticed about this place is that calling in an order ahead of time doesn't matter, they still don't cook it until you get there.  Which is fine, but sort of odd.  In fact, I feel as though I've waited LONGER when I call in an order rather than just gone to the drive through. The fries are not bad, but you have to salt them yourself because I don't think they salt them.  Also fine, but sort of odd.The service is usually prompt and helpful though the employee appears to be a 13 year old boy.  Fine, yet odd. This is not a bad place for some cheap, tasty to-go wings and also, man, YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF YOUR CAR.  In honor of this, sometimes my comrad and I just sit in the car and eat our wings to see how disgusting and white trashy we can get.
4	When compared to Buffalo Wild Wings or Wingstop the only up those places have on this joint is the atmosphere. This place is perfect for to-go orders and they even have a drive thru. You get 12 wings for around $5.50. They offer a special too of about 75 wings for $27 if you need to fill a boatload of peeps.  they also have hamburgers, hotdogs, fries, fried zucchini and salads. They have about 5 ,levels of hot, a honey hot(which is finger licking good) and a honey bbq.  i thought it was odd that their wings only came with carrots no celery...never have I gotten wings without celery. Besides that wings were very good and the sauce makes them addicting.
4	this place is amazing try the fried mushrooms and wings with ranch and be blown away..........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have been a customer here for 4 years. It is soo good! I am extremely picky about my hotwings, and this place hits the nail on its head. Crispy, yet juicey; spicy, yet savory! And a dozen wings fries and a large drink for about 7 dollars! I will make the drive for this place anyday:) They have really good hot dogs as well! It may look like a whole in the wall restaurant, but they got their recipes straight
1	Gross...cockroaches crawling around floor!!  This place is nasty and the wings were dry, as though they had been sitting out for a couple hours!  Will never go back!!
4	I'm new to the area (though not really to Mesa), and so far, I'm not too big a fan of the Alma School/Southern part of town. I ended up going to this place because my friend blackmailed me into driving to get wings for him. I'm glad to report that, in spite of everything, these guys know what they're doing, and for being such a small business in a rougher part of town, they're doing the hot wing god's work.I walk in the door and got a bit concerned because there wasn't anyone to help me at the counter. However, it looked like they were super busy, so I just chilled and watched the basketball game on their nice TV. It was relatively well-air conditioned, and such. I got helped within like, two minutes. She was nice. If you all are into hot wings, it seems like a decent family location, but when I was there around seven, it was one family and two guys just munching down and watching said game. It's a little chode-y, but the atmosphere beats Buffalo Wild Wings HANDS DOWN (goodness, I hate that place).I ordered two "orders" of the hot wings and an XL drink, and it came out to around $15. Not bad at all, right? Which led me to be pretty skeptical about the wing quality. On my way back into my place, I got compliments from the neighbours about how good the wings smelled. They truly did smell amazing. I usually keep vegetarian, and I even had to try one. I have to admit, they're really good. They could have been hotter, however; we'll be ordering the X-Hot next time we go.I did have to wait like, ten minutes or so to get my wings, but I'll attribute that to the fact that they have a drive-thru. If you're in a rush, perhaps that's the way to go.
1	After reading several reviews and feedback from my husbands co-workers, I was eager to give this place a try. I am sad report this is without a doubt the most horrific wing joint I have frequented in some time. My entire family are avid wing eaters and to think we drove from Chandler to Mesa anticipating award winning wings it angers me!!!!! I have had better wings from the frozen food section at the local grocery store.  If you are serious wing eaters, I suggest you stay clear of this place! The wings, burgers, and frozen battered mushrooms were all below average, I wouldn't feed them to my dogs!!!!!
5	Some of the best wings I've ever had! The hot are my fav, and the staff is always friendly!
5	Drive about 30 mins to come here once a month or so. Love their honey hot wings. Yeah, the wings are pretty small but the sauce is the best. Better than natives honey hot sauce. The reason my girlfriend and I keep going back is for their cheese sticks. They're probably just frozen out of a bag but oh are they crispy and delish. Best cheese sticks in town. I'm not from the area so it is a little "ghetto" but we usually come here for lunch and it's never bad. Plus the guy working the front with glasses is nice and memorizes our order now. Will continue to support this little goodie shop, the only problem is the price of gas to get there.
5	THE BEST WINGS YOU WILL EVER EAT! EVER!  They are so incredibly good they melt in your mouth.  These owners are LITERALLY the inventors of the Honey Hot flavor that people are now enjoying all across the nation...  They're the original creators of Long Wong's, which since they left, they're not the same.. Wings Express is bomb.  Their wings are smaller, cause they invest more in their flavor than their size, which I couldn't care less about.. Their wings are just so good.I love food, love it... And this place is rad.The only downside is their location.  With all the scary people in that area, it kinda makes me not wanna go there as much...
1	This place has the best wings! My fav is the honey hot. I've been going here for years. A year and a half ago, I moved to California and whenever I come back to Arizona I have to stop by for my wings. Today, I go thru the drive thru and order 2 orders of the honey hot, headed back to the freeway because we're heading home and realize that we only got one order. We had to turn around, go back to complain and the girl that took our order tells us that she only charged us for one, then if the fact that they charge a "convince" fee for using a card isn't bad enough, they want to charge us it again when they inconvenienced me. I mean, come on... Take an accurate order. Do your job! Plus she went and got the owner and he was a jerk. Talking over us and arguing with us. They have lost my business. Making a mistake on an order is forgivable but having poor customer service is unacceptable.
5	Devon works here so I have to give it 5 stars. He special made me a burger with a fork through the middle of it (I was just giving him a hard time). I tried the wings once and they were good as long as you like spicy! My grandparents go there all the time and they love it.
5	Absolutely amazing wings. The honey hot were the best I've ever had. They have a simple menu and having a drive thru option which means I'll definitely be visiting again soon. Don't let the area or the appearance fool you!
5	This is my go to place for honey hot wings! They definitely have ANY place beat when it comes to their wings. Couple of things you'll notice tho: 1. they charge extra for using debit or credit...strike! with all the business this place does, they should be able to absorb any extra charges for using their debit/credit machine and still come out ahead.2. if you look at the menu board, it says an order of wings is 10-12 wings (??)I don't know of any place that gives you an approximate amount of wings lol...most places in fact charge by the piece.But mind you, the wings are delicious! I'm not sure about rest of the menu, so you will have to try those out for yourself.
4	Best wings you will find in Mesa! The wings are always so fresh and so hot! The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5  is because they need to work on their customer service. The girls who used to work the drivethru were rude at times, but this new girl they have is great, she remembers my order every time I pull up to the drive thru ha ha, goes to show how often I am there! Also, if you are short on time, I recommend that you call ahead. The drivethru process can take anywhere from 5-15 minutes, not good when you want something quick! Overall, you should definitely visit!
1	I have been going here for sometime and the wings are usually pretty good but the customer service is nonexistent. They did not do my order correctly on multiple occasions and refuse to correct these issues. The management is very rude. Even the employees have advised me that it doesn't matter what you complain about, the management is not the type to care or resolve it. The bathrooms are very dirty and smell horrible. The wings are very small and the price is not the best do yourself a favor eat elsewhere
5	Delicious wings (especially the honey hot). They serve them with carrots instead of celery which honestly I think is a better compliment. While here I also had the potato wedges (YUM), they were so cheesy, and tender and one order is huge! The place could use some brightening up, but other than that I'll be back ;)
4	Definitely a guilty pleasure i just love these wings...they are well cooked and the sauce is delicious. I also like that the wings arent too big.  And the chicken they use is good never any bad after taste etc....
