3	The shampoo session was wonderful.  Demetrio the stylist did a good job on my hair but it did not look like the picture I brought. My hair I'd now too short.
4	I just stumbled upon this place as I was going into the Roberto's Taco Shop right next door.  It's in an unassuming place for a Paul Mitchell hair salon.  It would probably be better placed across the street in the Smith's Plaza across the streets with some of the nice restaurants, where it would get a lot more traffic.  Then again, the owner probably didn't want his shop there earlier because there was a Beauty Center and a Great Clips already there.  I believe this particular spot used to be Joli Cuts and Colors. I stopped in just to take a look and get some info.  The place had really nice decor, really clean, and the staff I spoke to was really nice.  Suprisingly there wasn't anyone there besides the staff for a Saturday afternoon, but it was near closing time for them.  You can take a look at their work on their website and there are also google images of some of their work.  They have modern and edgy styles.I gave them 4 stars just on appearance.  I will have to update my review upon actual experience with their service.  It's nice to have a salon like this in the area, if one does not want to drive more than 15min. away from Southern Highlands.
4	I was extremely pleased with the service, the appearance and especially, my hair cut!  I called last minute to make an appointment after letting my roommate cut my hair and they fit me in within 10 minutes!  The salon was extremely clean and well decorated.  The staff greeted me and asked if I'd like anything to drink while waiting for the stylist to finish up with a client.  My stylist, Dimitri, was SO patient and really took the time to find out exactly what I wanted as far as cut went.  He took the time to find out how much time I usually spend styling my hair, what my goals were for my hair in the future so that it would grow out correctly and we even went through magazines together to figure it out!  I have never had such a great experience as a first-time customer anywhere! Best part - I got Roberto's for lunch right next door!
5	I LOVE JENNA! ok, I said it. I actually got REALLY lucky finding her/this salon. I moved to Vegas about 1.5 years ago and was having trouble finding a stylist who understood what I was looking for and was consistently leaving salons unsatisfied with my cut (even brought me to tears once!). So...I found the salon that Jenna used to work at (which I won't name!) and looked at their website and decided I would pick the stylist who's personal style was closest to mine...and thus I found Jenna. When I went in for my appointment she gave me EXACTLY what I asked for PLUS I got bangs for the first time as an adult! She gave me her card before I left and advised me that bang trims were free. So, about 3 weeks later I was ready for a trim and called the salon. I was told that Jenna had left THREE WEEKS ago and they wouldn't tell me where she went. I was DESTROYED (I mean, not really, but I was really unhappy). Then I flipped over the card and realized she wrote her cell on the back...SCORE! Turns out Jenna actually left the salon the day after I had my appointment!  It was FATE (or something..)So anywho, ever since then (it's been probably close to a year now, I think?) I've been going to Jenna at Tony Moreno for Cut, Color, & Brows. We've changed up my style a few times. Every single time she gives me EXACTLY what I've asked her for. I've NEVER had a stylist who could do that for me in the past. The salon is super clean, really cute, and I can't imagine even thinking about trying out a different salon. Not only is she a great stylist, but she gives RIDICULOUS scalp massages, and it's always fun to chat with her. Once I stopped by for a bang trim, and Jenna wasn't in so Tony shaped me up. Turned out perfect! I've never had a full cut done by him, but every client I've seen him do has been amazing as well! Check out Tony Moreno Salon - you won't be disappointed, I guarantee it!
4	Gave the Tony Moreno Salon 4 stars because I am waiting until I get a haircut.  I just did a color and was very happy with the results.   Very friendly staff and right next door to Roberto's Taco Shop.
5	Fantastic salon!!! I found Tony Moreno on yelp and decided to go based on all the great reviews. I've had a hard time finding a stylist in Vegas that can really understand me, so I was hoping this place would work out. When I called, I told them the type of stylist I was needing and they booked me immediately with Dmitri. When I walked into the salon, I was surprised by how small, yet super cute it was. It wasn't overly decorated and was very welcoming. The front desk staff was very welcoming and warm :) When I sat down with Dmitri to explain my hair situation, he knew exactly what I wanted and went for it. Dmitri was super chill to talk to and knew exactly what he was doing. He wasn't pretentious and know it all like a lot of stylists I've gone to. I ended up with the best cut I've ever had. My experience from booking to finish was perfect. I could not ask for more out of a salon. yay Tony Moreno Salon!!
5	After my hair stylist sold her salon, I tried a few others, but they never seemed to get it quite right. Then I found Jenna at the Paul Mitchell Salon in the Southern Highlands section of Las Vegas.I went there today and,  Whoopee! I loved what she did and will definitely return to her in the future. Everyone in the salon was upbeat and friendly and the salon itself was immaculate. I'd highly recommend it.MORGAN ST. JAMESAuthor/Columnist/Speaker
4	I was referred to this salon by a friend and was very impressed with the service.  Michaela did my hair and was very upbeat and bubbly.  The salon was very clean and organized and everyone said hi to me. I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone and will return regularly.
5	Michaela did such an amazing job on my hair!I am very picky about my blonde but it came out amazing, such a good tone and texture. Everytime she cuts my hair it feels amazing and fresh. I now live in Denver and wait till Im in Vegas on business to have my hair done by her.I strongly suggest calling Tony Morenos and requesting Michaela!
5	Jenna is the BEST! I have had my hair ruined by numerous hairstylists that claimed they knew exactly what I wanted and ended up with nothing even close. I had pretty much given up on getting my hair done until I took my daughter in to get her hair cut. Jenna happened to be there and we made small talk about my hair issues while she braided my hair. Jenna was confident in everything she said she could do and I decided to come back to try to get my ombre highlights. She explained everything she was doing and never once made me question if she knew what she was doing. My hair came out beautiful! I have never gotten exactly what I asked for when it came to getting my hair done until now.  The salon is great and the staff are all so friendly and inviting.  I love my hair and cant wait to have Jenna do my hair in the future.  She also does the coolest braids!!! Love the Tony Moreno Salon!!!
5	I love this salon! The vibe, the staff...everything! It's a little pricey but well worth it. I won't let anyone else touch my hair. I've had Tony and Jenna cut/color my hair and I am really picky. They both did an amazing job. Thank you!!
5	My life isn't perfect, but my hair is and frankly that is all that matters!I absolutely love it here! My main girl is Jenna. No one on this planet is able to touch my hair with a pair of scissors in their hand's besides JENNA! When I was 18-19 I needed someone to fix the horrible job that a few hairstylists have done - I stumbled upon Jenna and she not only has fixed the horrible mess I had, but also made it luxurious even though it had to be cut short which sucked but we had to do what we had to do! I've always had long hair so with Jenna's help my long hair IS BACK (all the way down to my butt!) AND MORE LUXURIOUS THAN EVER! LONG HAIR DON'T CARE!
5	I HIGHLY recommend this salon - a stylist named Jenna, in particular :)  I am super picky about my hair and have always left happy after she cut it.  She is the most talented stylist I have ever had and I've been to a lot.  I love how she takes the time to educate you throughout the process.  I am sad that I'm moving out of state and will have to find another 'Jenna' :(
4	I've continued to come to Michaela for haircuts and the service is never short of amazing! She is very professional and my hair always comes out looking fresh. I bring my toddler and everyone is very playful with her, never an issue. A cold refreshing beer with my  haircut how can you beat that!!
5	All I can say is you have to come here! I go to Michaela to get highlights and cut and she is amazing. My blonde has never looked so good! The whole staff is awesome, I love the vibe they have there. I refer all my friends to Tony Moreno salon! Ask for Michaela!! She gives amazing massages while washing your hair too!! Super relaxing!
5	My daughter and I were walking out of Roberto's Tacos next door to the salon and Jenna was standing at the door of the salon and gave us her card.  When we got in the car, we couldn't stop fangirling over how adorable she was and I told my daughter that she looked like someone who could finally do her hair!  My daughter had not had the nerve to go to a salon in over two years due to severe trauma at another place and had been chopping on her hair herself....... she also loves to experiment with color and is currently half blue...so, it didn't hurt to see that Jenna had amazing purple hair!  We made an appointment and went in shaking in our boots and terrified!  Everyone was very welcoming and nice so, we were put at ease although I was still about to have a coronary due to my fear of another incident of fleeing the place in tears.  From the second Jenna started talking to my daughter about what she wanted, I knew everything was going to be okay.  She really listened to what my daughter said and made some amazing suggestions.  I sat as worried and sweating as a whore in church while she cut and once she styled it and turned her chair around for me to see, I felt so relieved and redeemed that I actually burst into tears!  My daughter hasn't stopped smiling about it and vows to never let anyone but Jenna touch her hair.  Well, she did such an amazing job on my daughter's that I immediately made an appointment for myself.  Jenna made me look and feel like a rock star!  It was the first time in my life I ever walked out of a salon and didn't have to go home and restyle my hair!  Jenna is the bomb.com and I wouldn't recommend anywhere or anyone else to trust with your hair!
5	I love this salon. Tony and his staff are incredible! Love what they do with my hair!
5	Everyone on staff is very friendly and professional. It's defiantly worth it. My hair stylist is Dimitri. He works wonders with my hair and my boyfriend's hair. I've been going to the Tony Moreno Salon for almost 2 years now and my oh my I'm never going anywhere else. Dimitri (as well as everyone on staff) knows how to work a pair of scissors; hence Paul Mitchell Salon . My boyfriend came in 2 weeks ago and he can't stop admiring his new hair style by Dimitri; I've never seen him so happy with his hair before.lol  yay for Tony Moreno Salon!
5	Always nervous when trying out a new salon; but, I was NOT disappointed.*super easy to get an appointment*salon is updated, clean and comfortable*reception was friendly and helpful*Dimitri immediately made me feel welcome and relaxed*my cut and color (by Dimitri)  are AWESOMEHighly recommended!!
5	I just moved to Vegas and have been trying to find a salon that meets my high expectations. It's so difficult to find someone that knows how to deal with Latino hair. I am relieved that I found Tony. I felt so comfortable with him. I didn't think I would pay so much but honestly the result was more than exceptional so I didn't mind. The service is amazing, you feel like a friend not a client. I am excited to have found my go to salon. I am done searching.
5	Tony Moreno salon is amazing! I am new to the area and was nervous about trying out a new place. My appointment was with Manny, he sat down and discussed with me my ideas and what his professional opinion was. I really appreciate the great customer service and the ability they have to make you feel comfortable. He did an incredible job on my cut and color, I'm so excited I have found my new salon!!
2	It's kind of difficult to review a salon since there can be vast differences between one stylist and the next. Unfortunately for me, I got stuck with an inexperienced stylist (or maybe she was just having an off-day, I don't know but it was bad). The up side is, everyone is very friendly and professional, and the salon is very nice inside. I was given the opportunity to come back and let them fix the issues with the color, but it took months for my hair to really recover. I would be iffy about going back, if my current stylist ever moved away.
5	Having just moved to Las Vegas, I knew finding  a salon to call mine wouldn't be the easiest, as it never is. I solely based my decision on coming to Tony Moreno's from Yelps great reviews.  Glad I did!!!! Jenna has been the best with my whole hair transformation. I went from dark brown hair, to a lovely shade of blonde. If any of you ladies are looking for someone who you can trust to not damage your hair, come here and ask for Jenna. She took the time to really figure out want I wanted, and what I wanted in the long run. I could not be more happier with the results.
5	I decided to take my daughters here after reading all the great reviews. I had been looking for somewhere to take them that would give them a real haircut with style. Not the basic comb it wet to the bottom and trim the ends. Although I don't think they were extremely overjoyed to be cutting a 7 & 9 year olds hair they both listened to what I was looking for on them and did exactly as I asked! I think they were pleasantly surprised at how well behaved my girls were as well. Both my girls and I were overjoyed with their new hairstyles. I will definitely go back. They were great. :)
5	More than two years later - and I still don't have a single bad thing to say about this salon.  A little more than a year ago, I finally convinced my husband to give up his $15 Super Cuts hair disasters and brought him in as well.  Tony is now his guy!  My husband and I CONSTANTLY get compliments on our hair.  Like I said - I've been going to Jenna for almost three years now (my husband has been going to Tony 1.5 years) and we leave happy and with what we asked for EVERY SINGLE TIME.  I cannot stress enough how much hair stylist drama I've dealt with over the years, but the staff at Tony Moreno Salon are just consistently on their game!  All of this in addition to the fact they they all have their own personal unique fantastic styles and are seriously the nicest people you will ever meet!  Can't wait for my trim later today!PS - My entire wedding party had our hair done here for my wedding last year and I still have out of town ladies telling me they wish they had this salon in their hometown!
2	Good product and service, but $275 for a cut and color, Ouch!!
5	Many thanks to Demitri! I'm getting endless compliments on my haircut! I can't imagine going anywhere else to get it done. Demitri is, hands down, worth every penny paid and more. His talent and professionalism are what keep me excited to come back every time. Five stars!
5	Great salon! This is a hidden gem due to it's location,  but well worth it.  Dimitri has been doing my & my sons hair for about a year now. He does a great job & I have always been totally satisfied with both the cut & color.  The other stylists look awesome as well. I highly recommend this salon.
5	just move from Hawaii and needed a haircut bad, found them via yelp and WOW gotta be one of thee nicest salons I've ever been to..they had my hair washed first which was new to me since most salons I go to wash hair after tha haircut..tha hair wash was very soothing and a little head massage..now on to tha haircut, Jenna was very friendly and reassured that I could let her know if I wanted something changed to Iet her know and she'll be more than happy to adjust it and even asked if I'd like any refreshments so I got a bottle of water..tha whole staff that I've talked to while I was there we're all very talkative (in a good way) no one wants to sit in a salon with awkward silence..looking forward to go back here for my next haircut
5	JENNA IS THE BEST. SHE REALLY HAS A GREAT FEELING (AND THE ABILITY TO PULL IT OFF) FOR STYLE & COLOR THAT IS BEST FOR NOT ONLY YOUR LOOK, BUT WHAT BEST SUITS YOUR PERSONALITY.I began going to her a few years ago when I had long, blonde hair. Loved everything she did. Then I had breast cancer & lost my hair to chemo. It came back a beautiful platinum color and she styled it in a short "edgy" pixie. It looks totally great and I get tons of compliments all the time.
5	Wow! I have been ignoring getting my hair done for a while as I just had a hard time finding someone to cut my long wavy thick hair. I really like Paul Mitchell salons however money is always a concern.Enter Tony Moreno Salon and Jenna. I called her after reading about her on yelp and having a few people tell me about her. I really can just say Wow! Had my appointment today at 4 pm and it is their last day in this location as they are moving down the street so thought I might get some conversation then a quick haircut. Was I wrong. Jenna introduced herself then sat down with me and listened to my concerns and what I wanted, then pulled out her tablet and showed me different styles so we were on the same page. Then a nice shampoo and back to her chair where she proceeded to cut my hair the whole time talking to me and asking questions and showing me what she was doing. Meanwhile the salon was literally being closed and furniture being moved, but I never felt rushed or that she was in a hurry. She made me feel extremely comfortable and even stopped some of her co worker's and introduced them to me. So now my long thick wavy hair is super short and I will even say AWESOME!!Need to find someone to do your hair and feel good about the way it looks then you need to call Jenna..
5	such a great experience! I am crazy picky about my platinum pixie, just can't seem to  find the right blonde and after hopping hair dressers my hair was a multicolored mess!Adam put me straight, gave me a steal of a deal since it was my first time, and even gave me additional services - going way over time which I appreciated! A great experience in a very relaxing environment.  I am a Paul mitchell fan for life!
5	Okay the salon is NOT CLOSED. They have moved into the Southern Highlands shopping area off Decatur and  Southern Highland Parkway right next to he gym. So it has been 2 months since I first met Jenna and got my hair cut. So here I go over to the new salon and WOW!. It is big and bright and very comfortable. Not that I am fond of looking into a mirror at myself however the salon chairs are in front of a full length mirror so you can see everything.  As with my first visit Jenna discussed with me what I wanted done and the plan for my hair and then she took out her scissors and lo and behold my shaggy short hair was back to  short and awesome.
5	Just moved to the area and needed a stylist.  The salon closest happened to be the Tony Moreno Salon so I went to yelp and checked reviews.  I'm glad I did because I made an appoint for cut and color today with Dimitry and was glad I did.  I love the level of comfort in the salon and the fact that he truly listened to what I wanted and offered suggestions to improve my vision.I'm completely satisfied and will now be a client for as long as I live in Vegas.Also on a side note, I saw some really great work being done on other clients while I was in the shop.  If you're looking for something or someone new, check this salon out.By the way, the shop didn't close, it moved.Barbara
