4	Located amidst the huge construction for the light rail system, is this little Vietnamese pho house. There is almost no decor and the service is made difficult by the fact the waiter/owner does not seem to speak English well.But the pho is great. The selection is, as usual for pho, filled with red meat versions of the noodle soup. However, there are a couple great seafood phos, and the garden rolls are excellent. You know you're in the right kind of place when everyone else in the restaurant descends from the same region as the food, and yup, most people here seem to be Vietnamese every time I go.  An excellent bargain, and perfect for when the weather cools off a bit.
4	Is it possible to get tasty Vietnamese at a place where you don't have to turn a blind eye to the unwanted glimpses of the kitchen?  Yes, indeed.While not a stunning polished restaurant by any stretch of the imagination, Khai Hoan is an impeccably clean little family place cooking simple good food in a strip mall on Apache Blvd.   The selections are tasty, plentiful and cheap with apps ranging from $3-$6 and Mains running from $6-$7.  I enjoyed the usual Vietnamese favorites of spring rolls and pho.  While the grilled pork on broken rice was nicely flavored, the meat was a touch on the dry side.  My favorite is the pickled papaya with charcoal grilled pork and meatball.  It's served with rice noodles, lettuce and fresh herbs.  The charred savory meat is nicely balanced by the sweet and sour papaya.  The rice noodles are great for absorbing the tasty broth.But don't go here on a lazy Sunday...you'll be sorely disappointed since the place will be closed.Don't forget to pick up some baklava from Haji-Baba (in the same center) for dessert.
5	Some of the most bomb pho this state has to offer.  I can vouch for the Pho Tai, the Bun/noodle salad dishes, and the wonton noodle soup dealio.  Plus, the old dude who works there is a pretty friendly guy unlike most Asian-hole-in-the-wall establishments that put customer service dead last.  Thus, the food is good, the prices are fair, and the workers are friendly.  Why not eat here?
4	This place got me hooked to Pho Thai.  At one point I was there 3 times a week.  The owner is so personal and friendly.  The Pho Thai, spring rolls, and fried rice are to die for.  But everything else...no so much.  But the Pho has me hooked.  It gets crowded around lunchtime, so you might have to share a table or call ahead and get your fix to go.
5	My boyfriend and I stumble across Khai Hoan about two years ago on a cold, blustery evening. Since it was so chilly, I was really in the mood for pho; that and the fact that I am Vietnamese and always on the hunt for new Viet eateries. We went in and I immediately got a good feel for the place. It was simple and the owner was friendly and seem to recognize me every time. They have the BEST bun bo hue in the Valley, don't let anyone tell you different. What's special about theirs is the fact they don't skimp on any ingredient, I got delicious chunks of pig's blood and hearty meat and big stalks of scallions. And it was ACTUALLY hot. . .whoo hoo!!! But hands down, the BEST authentic Vietnamese restaurant on my side of town.
4	I went to Khai Hoan yesterday and ordered the rare beef pho.  Now, this is the first time I have had pho before and I would say it is much like a glorified bowl of Ramen Noodles.  That said, it was good.  To me, not great, just good.  We got the combination appetizer plate.  The spring roll was amazing.  The crab was great.  I didn't like the "egg roll" as much as I thought I would, but it was definitely fresh.  I had fresh coconut juice to drink and it was delightful.  I would go back again for sure, but I would be ordering something other than the pho.
3	The few stir-fried items I tried here once were flavorful.  Wished I could've tried the eggrolls, but food allergies make me avoid them pretty much anywhere.I read this venue is run by relatives of those that run Cyclo, a supposedly more upscale venue in Chandler.I need to go back and try the pho and perhaps the che 3 mau, if it's on the menu...
4	I'm always looking for good Vietnamese, and the Yelp reviews pointed me here.  (Thanks, yo!)  My pal Amy never had Vietnamese before, so I gave her the intro via some pho tai, pork spring rolls and some ca phe sua (hot coffee with condensed milk).  It was a hit.  And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.Solid broth, fresh veggies, standard mom-and-pop Vietnamese place atmosphere, friendly waitstaff who was also very happy to leave us alone (which I like).  Yum!
5	A sober Saturday night when all my friends were out drinking led me to this restaurant. 30 minutes on the train and a 5 minute walk and I was here. Upon walking in, I had high hopes. Khai Hoan has the typical "we aren't trying to impress anyone" Vietnamese restaurant atmosphere. It was filled with a lot of Asian folks speaking their native tongue, unlike a lot of places full of whitey.  The woman who owns the place was very cordial and although her english was somewhat broken, she was tremendously helpful to me. A walk through the kitchen to wash my hands revealed how clean the place has to be kept. Obviously they wouldn't want anyone walking to the restroom and seeing a dirty kitchen. Hopes still high!My bowl of bun came, #19 ($7.25) with egg rolls and pork, my usual bowl at any Vietnamese restaurant. Usually, the bowl is oversized, giving you room to mix up your ingredients once you put your favorite condiments on it. Unfortunately, the bowl was packed to the brim so I had to make some adjustments on how i eat the dish. As for taste, the overwhelming flavor of barbecue pork dominated everything in the bowl, which was a delicious flavor, but somewhat disappointing that I couldn't taste the sauce.This restaurant is also in a pretty skeezy neighborhood. I'd forgotten how long it has been since I have encountered your run of the mill trailer park white crack/meth heads in public. They kind of scare me. I'd rather deal with a drunk bum anyday. +2 for the service -1 for the overwhelming taste of barbecue-1 for the awful neighborhood
5	I have been eating at khai hoan restaurant for over 3 years and it is by far the best pho in the Tempe area. Sonny, the head man over there, makes you feel more than welcome and comfortable.  Every bowl of pho is always consistently amazing in taste and delivered to your table in less than 5 minutes 9 times out of 10. Top notch crab rangoons! Enjoyable lunch cafe style dining. Don't forget to sauce it up baby! (m-swiss style)
2	Background - I'm from Cali.. so im sorta a viet food snob, meaning I know what good viet food taste like. This place was average, nothing great.. They did put a slice of lime in the water which was nice. Other than that blah...
4	Been reviewed many times so I don't need to belabor...nice, clean, owners are very friendly and pricing is very reasonable.Got spring rolls - solid...#10 Pho (shrimp / crab) - broth didn't seem to have much flavor and I hit it with the entire arsenal of ngo gai, thai basil, sprouts, sriracha and lime juice. Lots of shrimp though.Would not hesitate to come back but it's a bit of a travel from my CenPho home.
4	One of our old standbys... friendly service, great food and not too pricey.  We always seem to get the spring rolls (Gai co cuan?) and beef with noodle bowls (Bun Bo Nuong) and I love the home-made lemonade
4	Finally I found a good pho place around town.  It's not the best I've had but good.  I am a pho fanatic so I know what good pho taste like and not so good pho taste like.  I just need to ask everyone one question.  Why do people add siracha and hoison in their pho?  Everyone does it and I don't understand.  You ruin the flavor of the broth.  Just a squeeze of lime is perfect.  If you want siracha and hoison, use the little side plates for the meat.If you want good cheap food here's a place to go.
4	Dammit all, I don't care if it's hot! I want some steamy delicious pho! I tried it for the first time a couple weeks ago and it was broth-slurping good. Eggrolls were scrumptious, too. Was pretty disappointed by the "crepes," The menu said they were stuffed with pork and there were just a few little straggling bits of meat inside. That's not "stuffed!"
5	10 years ago, this place changed my life!!!I attended ASU and graduated back in 2000.  During my senior year some of my Chinese friends and I (I'm Chinese too) decided to go eat pho @ Khai Hoan.  Up until then, I lived my life pho-less and oriented my dining experiences around a majority of the chain restaurants that are littered around the Phoenix.  I say "litter" because a majority of them really are rubbish...  I'll cover those in other Yelp review(s).So we head over and I first notice that Khai Hoan doesn't have much street appeal and to be honest, before they revamped their interior within this past year, it wasn't that great looking on the inside either... But I quickly found out, that doesn't matter ONE BIT.  This place rocks.  I'm no stranger to soup and initially thought this was a variation of a ramen soup meal but I was so wrong.  The broth packed an amount of flavor that would seem impossible to cram into a liquid that was so thin.  The meat was soft and I found myself inhaling the noodles and broth to make up for the nearly 20 years of NEVER HAVING PHO...   Since then, I've been making up for that injustice.  I've been having pho nearly once a week or sometimes even more often than that and have been going on a spree to convert my friends to being pho-fans.  :-)
4	So glad I decided to stopy by Khai Hoan last week.  I recently moved back to AZ from L.A. and was on the prowl for a Vietnamese restaurant.  Service was quick and our food arrived within 15 minutes of our entering their establishment.  My daughter and I ordered the same item (pho with beef meatballs / $5.25 each) and Thai iced tea ($2.50 each).  The pho broth was so flavorful and fragrant!  I normally cannot finish a bowl of pho, but this time around, I piled on the veggies and inhaled the pho within 5 minutes LOLThe place is open 6 days a week, from 9am-9pm (closed Sundays).  The menu has a mix of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes, with prices ranging from $6.25 to $7.85 for their entrees.  I look forward to returning soon to try their goi cuon (spring rolls / $3.25), cha gio (fried egg rolls / $6.25), and the com tam dac biet (pork chop, beef, shredded pork, and steamed egg meatloaf over rice / $7.50).  I'm spoiled with the diversity and quality of restaurants in L.A., so I'm hunting around the PHX metro area to find quality Asian restaurants.  Anyone know of any Malaysian restaurants in the PHX metro area?
4	Pretty good if a bit odd. My take away Pho was rather a bunch of different bowls and baggies full of various stuff to build your own Pho. Cool in an odd way, perhaps?Also, i got wrong Pho - seafood vs. chicken. Kind of not the biggest deal ever but never then less.
4	The fact that I can walk across the street to this and Haji Baba has made my new house a very happy place. Hoan has a diverse menu of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes. I always get the pho tai nam. I should try other things, and will, but the pho here is damn good and super cheap.  The well done beef in the pho is really tasty and tender, and there is tons of it.  Not dressed up in the least, this place reminds me of many places in Chinatowns of 'larger' cities. The owners seem to be always present, a family operation. I asked the dad about the possibility of doing sandwiches and he said they might, if they can figure out a way to get good fresh bread everyday. As much as I would like a good bahn mi across the street, I really don't need the extra 10 lbs. Khai Hoan. Consistent. Flavorful. Variety. Simple.
5	Best Vietnamese in the valley. Not fancy but the real deal. Cheap too!
4	The pho is very good.  The broth, with its black licorice-like flavor is really outstanding.  The rare beef and tendon were also excellent (although the tendon wasn't chunked, it was stripped, which was a first).  My Vietnamese pork chop, while very good, didn't seem very Vietnamese (where was the ubiquitous red BBQ?).  I'll be back often.
4	I give this 4 because it is better than its Pho restaurant peers in all of  Phoenix that I've been to. None of them stacks up to this place in terms of overall satisfaction(what usually lets the other places down is the lack of indoor decor and apparent uncleaniness). I usually order large Pho with everything and they usually get the broth flavor balanced and the meat sliced right in moderate sizes and in the right quality typical of good pho. There were readied condiment and fresh and clean vegetables to rebalance the flavor.  I also go for the "com thumb" which is  a good dry dish alternative when I'm not in the mood for soup.The price is right on target for these items. I wouldn't want to say but they can probably get away with charging $.50 to $1 more per item (without pushing me to cook my own Pho) and people like me will still come because there are no other Vietnamese restaurant this overall good in Phoenix.The outside doesn't look as good as the inside. The inside is well decor for a Pho place and clean. The service is average for Pho restaurant which means it's minimal.The food reminds me of the many good Pho places in Westminster CA that I've eaten at. That is why I would take my folks here and drive further. We came around 930 am and lunch and we didn't have to wait long. They were fast in delivering the food even during lunch when it was packed.
5	The Pho is delicious.  The owner [Sonay] is hilarious. All the staff are really sweet.  And, they just did a bit of redecorating.This is a good place to take a date.  Just don't go there too regularly with the same person as Sonay might end up liking your Ex more than you and then once you've moved on and started seeing other people Sonay will give you flak for it and only let up once he feels comfortable enough interrogating your newest romantic interest and is sufficiently impressed with that person's responses.  I'm just speaking from experience... and it's all in good fun.
5	4.5 rounding up to 5.My favorite pho restaurant in the Phoenix metropolitan area. I went to college at ASU, so I used to frequent this place at least once a week. I've had everything from their noodles - pho tai, bun rieu, bun bo hue, to their lunch specials - orange chicken, fried rice, etc and can't say I've ever been disappointed. Their soup for all their noodle dishes are very flavorful and well-portioned.I used to come here so often the owner would just ask - "the usual?" Khai Hoan definitely has a special place in my heart :)
5	BEST. PHO. IN. THE. VALLEY.HIGH QUALITY PHO.HUGE PORTIONS.ACTUAL VIETNAMESE FAMILY MAKING THE FOOD.The aforementioned points are very important for me. As someone who ranks pho as probably one of my most favorite foods in the world, I take pho restaurant critiquing very seriously.Broth: 5 Stars- How do you tell if a pho restaurant is good from the get go? You order it. They bring it to your table. Get your spoon... and taste the broth. This is where the love and care shows, people! This place has some legit broth and it shows that they actually care for the food they are making.Vegetables: 5 Stars - Some places have nasty wilted bean sprouts... but at this place the veggies are always fresh. Good assortment of what's available: basil, bean sprouts, lime, jalapenos and some sort of cabbage-like leaf that has a great peppery taste.Spring Rolls: 5 Stars- A lot of places has this pre-made, but this place makes it to order. You can tell because when you bite into it, you can tell the pork was just recently grilled.The only tough this is they may forget to fill up your water cup just because it's so busy.As a Seattle native who's in the area for school, I had gone to many other places only to be incredibly disappointed. Back in my hood, pho places are just as numerous as Starbuck's and a good place is hard to find. Coming into this restaurant reminds me of going to some of my favorite places back home... I'll always be a Khai Hoan-er for Life!
3	03/18/10Met a couple of Thai coworkers here for lunch.  Ordered side of eggrolls for Mom and friends to enjoy.  She didn't, and they didn't even try.  The Viet food connoisseur/home cook liked the food here, but didn't care for its hygiene reputation (lacking); She just went w/ the ease of location, instead of suggesting a cleaner establishment (she likes Com Tam for pho and Un-Pho-Gettable for rice plates).  Back to the food...Mom and I split a combination pho.  It'll do.  I also ordered a plate of lemongrass chicken, which Mom and I found very tasty.  The home cook wouldn't try it, and instead told the other, "if you like that, I can cook some for you."  O-kay.Atmosphere is stripped-down-to-bare-essentials, and there's nothing wrong with that, since menu prices reflect this.  What I don't like is having to walk away from dining out smelling like I'VE been doing all the cooking in the kitchen.  Please, install either1. a great ventilating system!2. storm doors to keep bugs out and air circulating in!or 3. crack open some screened windows!Thank you for listening!
5	If you want a delicious and healthy meal, come here for a bowl of pho.Both the chicken and beef pho are excellent.  Big servings, very friendly service, nice crowd (families, college students).  Really excellent meal at a cheap price.  Will definitely go back on my next trip to Scottsdale.
4	This place had some pretty good pho tai. Its just a plain ol' restaurant with a bunch of tables and chairs. Some TVs to watch whatever happens to be on at the time. Seemed to be packed right up until the minute they closed - which we knew that minute was coming when they were putting chairs on the tables around us.
4	Great little Vietnamese restaurant serving pho, noodle dishes, and rice and meat dishes.  We tried several different dishes and some seafood pho.  While I appreciate that they had the seafood pho, the flavor wasn't as good as other pho I've had in the past.  The lemongrass chicken was probably my favorite dish here.  Cooked perfectly, and filled with lemongrass flavor in each bite.  I will definitely be coming here again to try more of their dishes.
5	The best Pho in the valley!!! And there may be better Pho out there  but I have not had it so as far as I an concerned it's the best Pho on the planet!!! And the spring roles are good too! :)
5	BEST PHO IN THE EAST VALLEY! well, i think so, anyway. This place is a gem! don't let the neighborhood fool ya. khai hoan is in a weird little strip mall (as are many of the best restaurants in az) on the other side of haji baba. they redecorated the interior recently so it's not as gritty as it used to be, but the food is still as delicious as ever.my favorite dish is the #5, well done and tender beef pho with tendons. the broth is superb, the meat and vegetables fresh, the atmosphere authentic. the selection of beverages is also good, with the taro teas and the required drip iced coffee. they even have fresh coconuts and salty lemonade.it's convenient that the light rail runs right by, but i've been known to drive all the way down from deer valley just for that soup.
5	Best place for pho I have found in the valley. Get the #1 with everything: tripe, tendon, fatty flank, meatballs and the regular beef. Don't let the ingredients intimidate you. It's out of this world good!If pho is in your future, be forewarned that the serving sizes are massive. I have never been able to polish off an entire bowl. So come extra hungry and skip the tempting spring rolls (also delicious with a killer spicy peanut sauce). Because if you've ever made the mistake of trying to stretch out a bowl of pho by taking half of it home, you know the disappointment that comes along with that cloudy bowl of watered down leftovers. Rice noodles just don't hold up well. Le sigh.Lately I've taken to phoning in my order and picking up my Pho To Go (someone needs to snatch up that name, stat!) at the same price as the dine in option ($6-8). I have discovered the secret to pho longevity this way. Noodles and beefy parts are packaged separately and the broth is also in its own container. Nothing gets water logged and cloudy and I can easily make four meals out of one order. They toss in all the baggies of goodness too! Bean sprouts, basil, limes, jalapeno and mint in one; cilantro and spring onions in another. Hoisin and sriracha on the side. I seriously get hog wild with these additions. It's like a new bowl every time I try it!
4	Excellent Pho with great taste in a smaller than usual bowl size. Might just just be as good as Dragonfly (Mesa) and Pho Ao Sen (Mesa) for taste, but their bigger bowls gives them an edge. It is ranked #1 ahead of Cyclo (Chandler) for food by the Arizona Republic and interestingly enough, the young Man who runs it is the Nephew of Justina the Owner at Cyclo. GREAT PHO! Okay Springrolls.
4	Went here with my friends and for Arizona I was happy to see a giant bowl of pho with sides and siracha :DPrices are cheap and you feel full.Ill be coming back
4	As a Vietnamese person myself, I'm pretty sure I can recognize good pho. While I am well aware California is the best for pho, as a resident of Arizona I think Khai Hoan is excellent.The pho broth is nice and light. Also, the Mi Xao is done excellently. I always order the appetizer sampler with my brother (Spring roll, egg rolls, crab puff, and fried shrimp) and the variety of flavors was superb! The prices are relatively cheap too - which is a good thing as it's a 10 minute walk from ASU and accesible by the light rail.It's a bit of a mixed opinion here, but my friends ordered Chinese food at this Vietnamese restaurant (-_-;) and I got conflicting opinions. One guy said that his was awesome, while the other said some of his chicken was uncooked. However, I get fried rice from time to time, and that's done perfectly.If this is your first time, I suggest starting with the pho tai (#3). If you're THE culinary expert on pho and don't like it, just shut up and eat. As of now it's the best pho in Arizona, and it's a nice change of flavor for those who haven't eaten Vietnamese in a while, or ever!
4	Fantastic pho and other Vietnamese dishes. If all they served was the pho I'd still come here. It's a massive portion and comes with a small cornucopia of goodies to add to the broth: thai basil, bean sprouts, lime and another green I'm quite sure of (good whatever it is). Their fried rice is also quite tasty. Prices are great for the quality of the food and the staff is friendly. It does tend to get crowded around lunch time, but never 30min wait crazy, or the like.No bike rack, but they get brownie points for letting me lock my bike to their fence.If you haven't had pho, you owe it to your taste buds to give Khai Hoan a visit.
4	I think this pho place has been the most consistent one in the entire Phoenix metropolitan area in my opinion. I've been going to this one for at least 8 years now and hasn't disappointed me. They don't mess around. Decor is the usual dumpy looking asian restaurant, where you need to walk into the kitchen to get to the toilets. However, the Pho is fantastic here. Price is very reasonable, you can get a large bowl of Pho Bo Dac Biet for under $7. Very generous on the meat, tendon and veggie. The beef is very tender, the broth is very flavorful (not too salty, not too bland, not MSG tasting) and the right amount of fresh veggies (basil, bean sprouts, lime, mint).Their spring rolls are also very well done, and the peanut sauce is to die for!The service is very fast and polite servers. This place is very popular among the college crowd due to the close proximity to Arizona State University. Definitely should give it a shot if you have never been to this Pho place, you won't be disappointed.
5	Went to Khai Hoan for lunch today with my friend Sam.  Pho is something I've just recently gotten into, and this place was awesome!Little place, not super easy to find, but worth the effort.  I got the chicken pho - I don't have the huevos to try some of the other things - I just don't do tripe....  As everybody else has said, the broth was delicious, noodles plentiful, and add ins like basil, jalapeno, lime, etc were very fresh.  Couple dollops of sambal oleek and you're good to go!You get a big honkin' bowl of soup, and it was less than $7.  The place was totally full by 11:30, so if you go at lunch, keep that in mind.  I'll definitely be back.
4	First I would like to say that Pho is overrated. It is pretty much the same everywhere, and it is delicious everywhere. I am not going to try to convince you to try Pho, because I never order it myself.I usually order Bun, which is a dish of room-temperature vermicelli rice noodles on a bed of cucumbers, greens, and basil. On the top of all of this deliciousness is usually some sort of meat, usually pork or beef. I personally like the combination of spring rolls, shrimp, and pork/beef. Over all of this is what is called a fish sauce, but doesn't have a fishy taste and is rather sweet and savory.The Bun at Khai Hoan is comparable to all the other Bun dishes I've had in the past. I feel that Bun and Pho are two Thai dishes that are difficult for restaurants to screw up.Before you leave, don't forget to get a Thai iced or hot tea. It's inexpensive, delicious, and they have to-go cups.
4	Consistently good and reliably authentic when it comes to Pho.  I'm beginning to think this place uses measuring cups and tools to ace their cooking (and stay ahead of competitors) instead of human discretion.  I usually order the biggest pho soup here. The patriach owner remembers me by now and sounds the alarm that a discriminating eater is here. There are lots of pho places to choose from but very few I believe gets the entire spectrum of pho preparation, cooking, and traditional taste done right. This place I believe rivals some of the best I've eaten in Westminster..Yep. The pho broth is the best in town, flavorful, licorice , and boiled at the proper durations; many hours and hours. They put in beef shank(cross section of the cow's leg) that tends to melt away in my mouth; this takes at least 3 hours to boil. The tripes, tendons, and flank are all there, soft and fresh,  as well as the meatball. The garnishment (clean bean sprouts, basil, green peppers) is minimal but sufficient.  I can only say I always either had their super pho and "com tom" here because that is all I eat.I would drive the extra miles just to come here. No place beats making pho like at home, at least outside you have this place that does a very competent and delighful job and they take care of the long prep, cooking time, and dishwashing involved. Very appreciated. Those itself makes it a super value.
5	For whatever reason, it seems to be exceptionally difficult to find good Asian food in the Valley.  Fortunately, although after a lot of scouring on Yelp, I came across Khai Hoan.  This restaurant is very unassuming but it is really, really, really good.   I took other Yelp contributors' advice and had the Pho.  The Pho came out quickly, it was hot, had great flavor, and was pretty inexpensive.  Even though I've had Pho at other Vietnamese restaurants, this meal was truly great.  I am glad I succumbed to the Pho fascination that is infiltrating America because this iteration was some of the best Vietnamese food that I have ever had.   I have been fortunate enough to try great Vietnamese food in both Chicago's "Little Vietnam" and New York's Chinatown and it's not a stretch to say that Khai Hoan certainly equals the quality of the food that I had in both of those places.  Even though this restaurant has waiter service you must still go to the cashier at the end of the meal to get your bill.  That's hardly a reason to fault the restaurant especially since their food is so good and their prices are so reasonable.
5	awesome food love the pho tai
4	Had my first visit there this afternoon. Very good broth in that pho. I had a large bowl of the number one "everything" version (complete with tripe). The meat had been cooked long enough to be tender. The spring rolls were good but not that far above average.Perhaps one of the best indications of a good ethnic restaurant: There were plenty of customers of the ethnicity in question. Service was very good. The spring rolls came out almost immediately as an appetizer, which differs from many other places I've been.So yes, I'll be back.
5	Khai Hoan is in my top 5 favorite restaurants.. It's all about the preparation they put in the broth here that makes this place stand out from other Pho places. I get the #55 with pho noodles.. Spring Rolls.. and Thai Tea.
5	I've been to quite a few Pho places and so far this one is the best. I've lived in Cali, AZ, NV and now IN and nothing beats this place. I want me some Rare Beef Pho with the best broth I've ever had. I was introduce to this place by a friend a year before I left AZ, and I'm sad I didn't get to experience it the whole 4 years I lived there. Now I live in IN and I have a feeling I'll have to wait a long time before I get to slurp be up some good stuff.
3	I like the food. The restaurant? Not so much . The restroom is dirty and that gets my apatite. They should clean it.
5	I recently tried vietnamese food, maybe 3 years ago.  I especially like the pho soup and spring rolls.  Since then, I have been trying every place I can that serves pho.  Out of every place that I have been so far, this place is always the one I come back to.  It's a little hole in the wall type place.  The kind you would drive by and never even notice if you weren't looking for it.  The pho has some of the best tasting broth and is a good portion.  It's about average price if not closer to the cheapest I have found.  It comes with a good sized plate of sprouts, basil, mint, lime, and jalapeno.  The spring rolls that I get have pork and shrimp in them and are a pretty good size.  The peanut sauce that comes with them for dipping tastes almost like fresh made peanut butter and has fresh ground pieces of peanut in it.  The service is fairly quick and very friendly, even with the fact that there is some language barrier.  I was actually taken to this place for the first time by an ex-coworker of mine who is an old vietnamese guy.  He told me himself that this is probably the best place he has found to eat pho at, and based on the fact that it is usually packed with asian people during lunch time, I am very inclined to believe him.
3	This place used to be my place to go for pho, but then I had a bad experience (the water tasting funny and the veggies not being so fresh) and decided to try some other places.  (This was during the summer however and I will say that based on the 6 years of living here in Tempe, many of the restaurants that stay open during the summer start to falter with the quality and freshness of their food.  A problem which I hope will be rectified this summer.)   But, given that it has been quite chilly lately and school is still in, I recently decided to give this place another try.I agree with all the other reviews about this place.  The pho, the portions, the price, and the service are all very good.  No problems with the freshness of the veggies this time.  But I am still adverse to the water (I think it is non-filtered tap water) and one of the lettuce leaves that came with my egg rolls still had some dirt on it.  Also, note that this place, given the weather and its size, was packed during the usual lunch hour when I visited.  But, the table turnover was pretty quick and you only have to wait a few minutes if at all to get a table.  But, you might have to share a table with someone if you are a single.
5	Favorite Pho in the phoenix area so far.  Great, tender meat in my pho chin nam (#8).I see they also have bun bo hue on the menu so I'll have to try that sometime soon.    Nom nom.Friendly staff.See ya there!
4	Really good pho, but I have not had very much pho in my short life, so I don't have much to compare it to. The spring rolls to start were really good and the peanut sauce was super yummy! I got the vegetable pho with egg noodles. The broth was a little bit bland with a little hoisin sauce it was good. There were a lot of different vegetables in the soup and they were all super fresh and good quality! The portion size was smaller than the average pho but considering the fact pho comes in huge portions it is not a problem. The guy who serves you and welcomes you (I think he is the owner...) is super friendly and service is quick.
4	Had the #3, rare beef. Great pho, probably some of the best I've had in Phoenix. Also had the spring rolls, which were great. I really like how they use larger pieces of grilled pork rather than the thinly sliced boiled stuff.Very close to my work, so I'll definitely be back. However, my Phoenix favorite will remain Pho-Tan on 17th Ave. and Camelback.
4	I've been to Khai Hoan two times now. The first time I got the number 5 and the second time I got the number 15. Both were excellent!The service is fast, we didn't have to sit at the table for long before someone came over and took our order. Even getting the food didn't take to long. The beef in the number five was perfect, sliced thin and rare when it was put in so that the broth could cook it. The broth wasn't overly oily and you get a big plate of 'fixing's (like bean sprouts, lime and basil) for your soup.Overall, this place was great--though I think the soup needs more meat on average.I will go back for sure!
4	What can I say? Khai Hoan has the best Pho that I have tasted in the Phoenix area. I generally get the Pho with Rare Beef and Beef Balls. The broth is tasty and not too salty or oily, and the Beef is super tender. Also not to miss is the spring rolls. At first sight I was a little weirded out as they looked (and felt) like *ahem* something you may find at the Le Castle Boutique, but that's just how spring rolls are (chef boyfriend says technically they are summer rolls, as spring rolls are fried). But they are TASTY. Peanut sauce, crunchy fresh veggies, fat shrimp. MMMMMMMM I want some right now. Last, you MUST get the Vietnamese coffee! You brew it yourself in the cutest little contraption that drips right into a tiny glass of calorie-free sweetened condensed milk. It IS calorie free, right? RIGHT?! When it's done brewing you pour it over a cup of ice and it is DECADENT. Go there. Now. And crave it every day thereafter.
4	The place isnt much to look at and is in a little strip mall setting, but the food was delicious.  Service was great and helpful when it came to the menu, food was fresh and wonderful!  We had the Won Ton soup, a pork chop over fried rice (tons of fried rice), and sliced beef over seasoned white rice.
3	Came back again but the noodles in the pho were overcooked this timeThe thai tea also had a bad batch of bobaHowever their gui cuon and the peanut sauce were pretty terrific
2	Tried this place for the first time.  Why do people like it so much?  I think that there are way better Viet places not very far away. I ordered rare beef pho. The bowl was quite small - not "gigantic" like some of the reviewers are saying.  Small.  Smaller than I am used to, and i didn't order a small bowl.  There was only one size choice and that's what I ordered.  I think it was $6.50.  The broth was salty and not very tasty and the rare beef wasn't very rare. 1 1/2 rounded up to 2.
5	I eat here all the time and have been for a few years now.  I eat Pho anytime I am feeling sick and it knocks the illness on it's ass!  I went to pick some up since my man had a sore throat and I knew it would make him feel better.  For $15 I got Chicken Pho, crab puffs and spring rolls. $15 dollars!  This fed myself, my man and his brother.  It was a Monday night, the place was packed but it still took only 10 minutes to get my food.  While I was waiting 2 of my friends walked in.  Winner winner chicken dinner!
5	Eating here almost made me feel like i was back in the bay area! Upon walking in, i remember my co-workers exclaiming in excitement,"There are other ASIANS HERE! WOH! You even pay at the register!" That's authenticity roite thar.I didn't think that i would be able to find an authentic asian restaurant in the phoenix area but this place proved me wrong. Not the best pho ever, but the best by far that i found in the area.
5	This place is fantastic. I go here weekly to get my pho fix.  Khai Hoan is by far the BEST pho restaurant that I have been to in the valley, and I've been to a few of them.
5	Great place. Authentic, fast, courteous.  My favorite lunch spot in Tempe
5	Khai Hoan is another jewel amongst the various Vietnamese eateries we have around the valley, but in my honest opinion it's in the big three.who are the big three, well lets call them the giants of Vietnamese cuisine in the phoenix metro area; they are (in my humble opinion) ~Pho Thahn~Pho Avina~Khai HoanWhy does Khai Hoan make it in the Big3? well, for a number of reasons (most of which have already been rattled off by yelpers far more credible than I)Character:like a Faulkner novel! this little hole in the wall has the heart of a lion, but the trappings of a lamb. It is a tiny joint, cramped and chock full of the knick knacks and bric-a-brac that you could find in any pho shoppe, but, the owner really makes this place his own, and I'm almost sure that anytime I think of Khai Hoan I will picture him, when you've made yourself synonomous with a building, then you've given that place some character.Value:the value here is demonstrated continuously, from their dirt cheap price range, to the heaping portions, to the fresh flavourful ingredients. You can come here with $10 in your pocket and eat like a king.Location:Khai Hoan also slides into the Big3 i.m.h.o. because of the conveniet locale. situated along the light rail corridor, in the same strip mall as the venerable Haji Baba, in lovely Tempe. This couldnt be a more convenient easy place to get to, for me at least.All in all Khai Hoan is simple, tasty, cheap, and easily accesible Vietnamese & Chinese food lovingly made.an interesting foot note:avoid the "salted plum drink" probably the worst thing I have ever drank.
5	Excellent Pho!  Don't have Bahn Mi though :(.
2	I chose this place because of rating on yelp. But really, 4 stars? According to the reviews Pho might be good but about what we took can't say the same. Sorry! I would love to see white meat of chicken instead of fried skin. Not everything seemed to be fresh... :(
5	The Pho is outstanding, the spring rolls are fresh, delicious, and plentiful, and the atmosphere is exactly what you look for and expect when going to a Vietnamese restaurant. I personally love the demeanor of the owners/cooks/employees. They have a very direct and no-frills approach to their business, but they always deliver an excellent meal. I first visited two weeks ago, and I have already been back three times since. For anyone who is less adventurous with food, their Chinese dish offerings are surprisingly delicious. My roommate is not a fan of Pho, but has gone with me three times to Khai Hoan because he loves their Kung Pao Beef. The Pho Tai Nam is my personal favorite. One note: Make sure you take cash if you plan on spending less than $10 (which is easily possible, given that any Pho dish is less than $8). There is a restaurant policy that anything charged must be greater than $10. However, I highly suggest ordering the spring rolls along with any dish. You will spend the allotted minimum and come away more than satisfied.
5	Amazing, plain and simple.I don't quite have the experience that my girlfriend does when it comes to Pho (she grew up back east), but this place has the best Pho that I have tasted.  I took my girlfriend here to try it out because I saw the reviews here on yelp and I am glad that I did.  The food we had was amazing and we will definitely be going back for more.  If you are in the mood for great Vietnamese food, Khai Hoan is the place to go.
4	This place is great! Let's start with the food.. I began with the springrolls which were awesome. The marinated beef added in is a great touch. I then had the chicken soup, the broth was bursting with flavors. Just enough cilantro and green onion. The pho here is what I have been looking for around ASU. Don't forget about the employees! Great people with in hearts.. with great food ad welcoming staff I want to run back right now! Thanks for making my first visit enjoyable, I will be back soon!
5	The BEST Pho!!
3	Popped in here the other night on a whim. We were on our way to Gammage, running late, but our hunger was a priority.We aren't the type of people to eat at Jack in the Box, Chili's or Burger King, although that made for funny jokes on the way there. While I was driving, my dinner companion pulled out her iPhone and found this little place, so we decided to give it a shot.It's certainly not a fancy place. English isn't too common here.We both ordered different variations of the "Bun". Apparently pronounced "Boon". Essentially, this is Pho without the broth. Perfect for Arizona weather. At least....spring/summer weather.The meat was a tad overcooked, but overall tasty. My friend ordered a side of broth with hers. It was a bit greasy. My one criticism with my Bun, was the egg roll. A spring roll would've been a better choice, but that's the health nut in me.Overall, not a bad place. I'd come back, but not sure if I'd make a special trip through Tempe.
2	I don't get it. Let me clarify by saying I am Asian-American and I've eaten authentic homemade food all my life. I had to come visit this joint because of all the reviewers who claim it's to 'die for'. Perhaps I am spoiled living in the land of the Northwest and great Asian food. Location was hard to find (even with GPS) because of the giant tree and not greatly signed storefront. When I finally found it and walked in, it wasn't too crowded but not too slow either. The owner didn't seem 'that' thrilled to serve me & my girlfriend and was quite rude in the way he'd cut you off mid-order to ask if you wanted beef or pork. I opted out of Pho because some reviewers had said they never tried anything else. A good judge of a restaurant is that it can make more than the noodle soup. So I went with the spring rolls as well as the bun thit nhuong. For those who aren't familiar, it's the vermicilli noodles & charbroiled pork. My dish came out and it was definitely not 'traditional'. Instead of the meat on skewers or even charbroiled, it was just sliced meat on my noodles. It was nothing to write home about and the owners/wait staff seemed bored as hell. It was a Monday night and the place seemed busy but I imagine when you live in AZ - you don't get much authentic Asian food. Skip it unless you're wanting to say you had Pho.
3	My best friend and I decided to give Khai Hoan a shot before a musical at the Gammage. Thank you fellow Yelpers for directing us to this unassuming little restaurant. I had the chicken pho with extra veggies,  but requested it bun style--broth on the side. Call me crazy (the waiter certainly looked at me as such), but I wasn't in the mood to splash pho all over my nice dress...yet I still wanted to try the broth. The pho came out piping hot. I was miffed by the absence of fresh basil and sprouts on the side. These essential veggies were fondly missed. The chicken was tender but a tad dry.  Broccoli, carrots and bok choi--cooked to perfection.  I really like that the hoisin sauce has a thicker consistency than most pho restaurants.  It went perfect with Sriracha and lime. The entire meal was very reasonable.  Next time I'm trying the spring rolls and some Chinese food.
4	Get the Vietnamese coffee - it is decadent. So delicious!The Pho is wonderful. Their broth is absolutely delicious. I could just eat that. The beef is always tender and they give you just the right amount..not too much, not too little.The service is good, they bring out your food quickly! Everyone seems very friendly. After eating here once, we were hooked. We have been enjoying Pho at least once a week since!
5	One of the best pho places in town!!  The owners are very friendly and service is good.
5	Some of the best pho I have ever had... Most flavorful broth.  Most tender meat.  Can't wait to go again.
5	Love the pho, but I tried a bun dish last time I went..this is the definition of summer food. Light and refreshing, and it came with an eggroll on top. I wish it hadn't because now I am addicted to them. They have vermecelli in them, its the most amazing texture! Pho and eggrolls are a MUST!
4	BEST SPRINGROLLS IN THE VALLEY!!! Great chicken pho as well - stay away from the rice dishes.
1	For me, the pho was nasty.  The chicken was disturbing.
3	I went to this place specifically because of its reviews. I am going to make this short and sweet. It was good but I wasn't falling over myself amazed. I did not hate but I did not love it.Between the two of us we decided that it has to be the most authentic Vietnamese food in Tempe. The Pho soup was good but it really needed more meat in order to satisfy. I like really chunky, chock full of whatever kind of soup and I just felt this needed a little extra. The taste, however, was great. Unique in and of itself.If you are super craving Vietnamese I would recommend going here. I really don't have a complaint but I really don't have a rave either, I was just meh on it.
4	It's a nice hole-in-the-wall restaurant. I had actually missed it the first time going down Apache but saw it in a small plaza the second time around. To put it simple: The food is good and plentiful, prices are quite reasonable, service is fast and flawless. I placed a order and within minutes my order was coming out. The only qualm I have is the parking but for most, that will not be an issue.
4	Banh cuon is fresh and so bun thit nuong cha gio. Huge portions, reasonable price and friendly service. Definitely coming back for more!
4	Great family owned Vietnamese restaurant! The spring rolls and the classic Pho dish are my fave! Gets real busy a couple hours before close, but lunchtime is pretty chill.
4	The Saturday hangover took it's evil course and Vietnamese food was a necessary evil this afternoon. I was in Tempe, and my friend and I agreed on Vietnamese. I remembered a past visit here, and had an OK experience. I figure with a more relaxed situation (last time was a rush), and a pleasant afternoon, things might be better, and they were.Just like my last visit, I went with the Bun. It was better than I remember it. More flavorful, the spring rolls were phenom, and as always the service was fantastic.The only thing that held me back from a five star, was the lack of ice cold air conditioning. They had some fans blowing, and it was a tad muggy, but I joked to my lunch date, "the weather in here is authentic, like Vietnam". Haha!Luckily there were no complaints on the other side of the table. My friend ordered the Chicken pho. She downed it like a champ and was very happy. Whenever I am in Tempe, I'm definitely hitting up Khai Hoan.  One last tip.....$10 minimum for credit card. But it shouldn't be a problem.
4	Well Hello Khai Hoan!You've been there all along and I never knew!Great Pho and spring rolls, pretty standard decor...no music.  Don't go for a first date, but go for your second, third, and fourth!Try the Pho with rare and well done beef...YUMMY!!!
5	Yum! We didn't have Pho, I wasn't feeling like soup. We opted for garlic chicken, shrimp spring rolls, make your own beef spring rollsand noodle crepes. All was great.  Service was fast and friendly.
4	I have my own pho place to call my own, but I admit that I was won over by their pho. I love the texture of their noodles and meat, but wasn't all that impressed with their spring rolls and bun. I think it's a pretty nice place to go to though, so people should stop by for a bite.
4	I absolutely love this place! Very unassuming little restaurant with delicious food. I have never eaten in, but we get take out at lunch a lot (we work close by). They have always been super quick with our order (we don't even have to call ahead) and we have never experienced the unfriendly service that I have read about in some of the other reviews; every time we have been in everyone has been very friendly.I am from the northwest and may be a little bit pickier than most Arizonans when it comes to Asian food and this is the best Vietnamese food I have had in the desert. I love the pho and I really enjoy their fresh spring rolls as well. I have had the beef and seafood and they are both fantastic as far as Pho goes. My boyfriend ordered off the Chinese menu and said it was meh. Not impressed, so I wouldn't recommend it.If you are looking for super casual and yummy comfort food stop in and enjoy some delicious soup!
4	First Day in Tempe and I thought I'd give this place a try since the reviews seemed to be good and I love Pho!Ordered the #1...and it was delicious...forgot to ask for no tripe but no big deal, just had to take it out myself.The large bowl filled me up the rest of the day. Pretty good. Service was top notch...I'll go again soon.First restaurant in Tempe=Success!
5	Oh god. Yes.The Pho Tai here is pho king incredible.Best in the pho king Valley.
4	So the other day, I was in the mood for sushi at my usual spot (Sakana).  Unfortunately, they were closed for lunch, so the next choice was some pasta at Caffe Boa next door.  Also closed for lunch.  Double Shit!!  Pasta Pomodoro?  Their tortellini alfredo rocks!!  Then I find out all of their AZ locations closed.  Triple shit!!  Stomach is growling and quickly getting pissed off.  Okay, Haji Baba then.  Bessie gets me there in record time but alas, the place was PACKED, even for a 2pm lunch.  What to do?  Wait...there's that little Vietnamese joint a few doors down, that I've always wanted to check out but just never did.Well, I guess they say better late than never for a reason.  I popped in, grabbed a seat and was quickly served up one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes.  Deelish is all I can say.  Now I've got a new little spot to add to my local list of favorites.
5	This was the spot that me and my Biochemistry buddies would go to for our monthly post-exam meal. We would come, sit down and devour all that is needed to drown the pain, the pain of Biochem. Food = spectacular, everything is really good, from the pho to the orange chicken.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! It's so nice to be able to eat here whenever it's chilly outside. Actually, allow me to be honest, I probably would eat here everyday but I settle for 1-2 times a week.I get my Pho with extra meatballs and no onions and they make it perfect for me each time!!! The folks are awesome and no matter how busy it is everything come out SUPER fast! You know a girl loves to eat in a timely manner with my hectic schedule!The Springrolls, the crab puffs the chicken fried rice all amazing too! For a good time time and warm feeling after a FANTASTIC meal this is the best come winter or AZ summer time:)
5	This is most home food like place to me . Been there countless time when i lived in tempe. Plenty of food, consistent freshness and good quality, friendly owner. Love it!
5	My favorite Vietnamese place in Tempe. I've been going here for four years and have introduced it to many of my friends, which they all enjoy! The food has always been consistent, meaning that the soup taste fabulous everytime you dine in. I would highly recommend the pho, summer rolls, and eggrolls.
5	The best place for pho hands down. What are the most important factors in determining the worthiness of a pho restaurant? The clever use of "pho" in the restaurant name? exa: What the pho? phoking good?- NOThe freshness of the bean sprouts, and herbs they give you?-NOThe Broth?-YES - This is the most important facet of pho, the broth pulls everything in the bowl together. Having said that the broth here is superb! Compared to other pho joints in the valley Khai Hoans broth is by far the most unique and best tasting. The broth is savory, with a deep flavor. It is not sweet or salty, it is perfectly balanced. This place is small and quaint, they let their food speak for itself. There selling point is in their pho. Springrolls- Good portions of meat in the spring rolls. Generous shrimp and pork cuts. The peanut sauce is thick and sprinkled with fresh grounded peanuts. Its the best peanut sauce in my opinion. The sauce attaches itself to the spring roll, unlike other pho joints where the sauce is watery and upon dipping, the rolls do not retain much sauce. Khai hoans peanut sauce is like glue, its great and I enjoy dipping the meets into the sauce!
5	Loves it.  For only a small amount of $$ I leave the place with take-out feeling like I just went grocery shopping.  The portions are crazy big.  The ingredients are fresh.  The taste is spot on when I'm craving vietnamese food.
5	Hands down the best Vietnamese food we've found in metro Phoenix.  Enormous bowls of delicious pho, served quickly with friendly and efficient service.  Our "go to" place for pho now.  Cheap too!
5	Excellent food, good service, and great prices.  The pho is excellent, but frankly everything on the menu is very good.  I've started using it as my lunch meeting place and everyone I've taken there has been hooked!
5	Best Pho and Best Pork Fried Rice on the planet. Hands down!
5	Yes! Best Pho in Phoenix, taking into account price and convenience. The portions are huge, as is to be expected with a XL bowl of pho. The broth is superb. No salt water here, like some other cut rate places. I don't know what else I can say that other's haven't already. This place doesn't have a high rating for nothing. The build-your-own spring rolls are good too.It's small and homey. Exactly what you would expect for a family owned restaurant. It's like having a meal in someone's home. You can taste the love that has gone into the meal and that's what counts.
5	OVERALL: I'll be back, and probably very soon.THE GOOD- The service. It was incredibly speedy (unlike previous pho experiences) and everyone was incredibly friendly. I actually noticed many patrons knew the employees well enough to ask about family and recent trips!- The broth. So good. While I was too full to finish the massive amount of tasty noodles, I still made sure to drink all my broth!- The price. For a huge, delicious, satisfying meal and taking home enough for later, $12 wasn't bad at all. I definitely didn't need the appetizer of spring rolls and that would've knocked me down to $8 easy.THE BAD- Being new to this restaurant, I walked in a bit aimless. There was no one waiting to greet and seat, but at the same time this isn't self serve. I walked up and asked if I should seat myself and grabbed a menu, but the guy behind the counter acted like that was a bit out of the norm. It was mildly awkward.- This restaurant is quite casual and *almost* divey, in that each table has its own napkins, spoons, chopsticks, etc. The table I sat at had only 2 napkins left and very little chili paste, but I didn't see anyone moving to restock it anytime soon.THE UGLY- Good pho has a bit of a kick to it, and Khai Hoan doesn't disappoint... so when your water runs low or completely out, it's a bit of a bummer. They did refill it eventually, but it took them longer than my mouth wanted.
4	Went two days in a row for the Chicken Pho.  It was very good.  Chicken was tenders.  Broth was very good.  Nothing fancy about this place, just good food and nice people.  Still not sure if seat yourself or not.  You just kind of walk in and meander over to a seat and wait for them to meet eyes with you and then it just happens, the reciprocal head nod which says, yeah...have a seat right there.
5	My boyfriend, Seann C. reviewed this place and now I need to get in on the action.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!I grew up in Northern Virginia (Fairfax) which has a HUGE asian population, and when the city weather sucks 6/12 months, Pho is there to rescue you.Pho is pronounced "fuh"... Like do, re, mi FA, so, la, ti, do. Please fix yourselves.  : ) Now I'm in Arizona and I STILL crave Pho like nobody's business and then I heard about Khai Hoan.  Actually, this was my boyfriends first Yelp find and we love it. My favorite is the summer rolls, and raw and cooked brisket Pho.The summer rolls are better back east, but I'll take what I can get.  Also, the peanut sauce has chunks of peanut in it.  I don't care but some people like smooth peanut butter instead of chunky... Catch my drift?The Pho is amazing.  It's exactly the way it is back in DC/VA. But... I have a secret... I KNOW WHY!!!The owner is from Arlington, Virginia!!! He's legit.  Not that he wouldn't be anyway as he is Vietnamese.  But there is a certain amount of street cred you attain when you're from Arlington.  Clearly... His Pho shows.  BEST PHO IN PHOENIX, HANDS DOWN!
1	Remember eating here a couple years ago and the pho was really bland. Even though it's the closest pho place to my house, I'd rather make the trip to Pho 68 or De Vangs.
5	EXCELLENT, you really get the taste of Vietnam here
5	Wish I had found this little joint a long time ago. Im Gunna make it plain and simple the best pho I have had. The best bun I have had. And I know they put crack cocaine in their orange chicken. I almost hate going there because I can't choose which one of the three to get when I roll up to eat there.
2	I went here because of all the good reviews. The springs rolls were good but a little bland. The peanut sauce tasted like it should, so that was good! My husband ordered the spicy garlic chicken with rice. It wasn't spicy at all but it tasted good in comparison to my dish.I ordered a rice noodle dish (#47) with beef, shrimp, crab, and vegetables. The noodles were horrible (Clumpy and Chewy), the sauce was horribly bland. I ended up dipping my  veggies in my husbands garlic sauce. I left unsatisfied and now have a horrible stomach ache from the greasiness I called dinner.Maybe I just don't get it but this isn't the first time I have had Vietnamese and to me its just not good. Sorry
3	Good Pho, but paying almost 10 dollars for a large pho in AZ is ridiculous.  Pho is cheaper in Hawaii and Hawaii is expensive.
5	Boy do I love Pho! But not just Pho, goooood Pho! Khai Hoan is the best Pho in the valley, hands down. It is better than all of the Pho I have found in LA as well. There broth is extremely flavorful. The meat is great quality, and the rare beef is always brought out freshly placed in the bowl so that it doesn't get over-cooked.  The rice dishes are also very good. Sonny, the owner, is an amazing guy, and the restaurant is a truly family owned and operated business.Also, I recommend checking out their 'sister' restaurant, Cyclo in Chandler. It is a very kitchy space with modern furnishings and bright, bold colors.
2	I recently started eating pho, so I've been checking out various pho restaurants around town. I came to Khai Hoan based on the reviews. The good:- the pho was solid. I got the veggie pho - it came with tons of veggies and tofu. -The service was super fast, I got my soup in less than 5 minutes. The bad:- Let me just get this out of the way. Just as I started eating my soup, a COCKROACH scurried across the table. I didn't make a huge stink about it, though I had a mini-freak out before my husband laid waste to the tiny pest and swept it off the table. Probably could've gotten a free meal out of it, but oh well. -Also, the servers were pretty stand-offish. Getting a refill was not easy. Maybe they were having an off day. -The decor wasn't great but honestly I don't really care what a place looks like if the food is good. So to recap: the pho was good, and the cockroach was bad. If you want to eat there, maybe order your soup to go?
2	Would you like some cockroach with your soup? Yes a live cockroach crawled out from under the napkin holder while I was eating.The service was really poor. The food was ok.. not awful but not great. I got the vegetable soup. Its the worst I have had here on the east side.For its location I would say look somewhere else. Tempe is filled with other great places to eat.Bring some raid!
5	Loved this place! I had the egg noodle soup with Shrimp and Crab. It was delicious and I ordered a side of cold bean sprouts which I thought was interesting since all the Vietnamese restaurants I have been to have just brought it with the soup. I have been to a ton of Pho restaurants in Utah, Los Angeles and Phoenix and this one is a very good one indeed! I will come again for sure!
4	Holy hell the Pho here is good. I've had better and more unique recipes, but this place does a traditional Pho like no where else in the valley. Did I mention this place is cheap as well? You get a HEAPING portion of everything it contains (I usually just get beef and the Pho "staples"). Make sure to get a portion of fried rice to take home with you to use in something that you make. They have a TV in here, and it's usually on a sporting event. Whoever controls it watches a fair amount of soccer as well. The one star you see missing from this review is because of the service. I get that they don't speak much English but the employees and sometimes the customers "stare" at you. Also, come hungry. The food comes out lightning quick here, so it would be a great place to get things to-go for lunch.
5	I love pho, ramen, basically any kind of noodle soup.  I have had my fair share of pho and I can honestly say that this is some of the best pho I've ever had!This is my go to place for a down home, no frills, cheap meal.Stick with the pho soups here, but some of the vietnamese rice dishes are scrumptious too.  Get #37 (Pork Chop Rice), it comes with pickled vegetables, shredded pork, something like a sausage patty, an egg cake, a pork chop and a side of fish sauce.  Here's a tip ask for a fried egg also which just goes great with the pork and rice. -(so delicious) I have been known to eat two meals a day here.Also, the staff is very friendly and it's family owned, so an extra + in my book.
4	An out and out gem - the quality and the portions at this place blow my mind, making Khai Hoan stand out as a true Vietnamese gem in the valley.  For me, happiness at a Vietnamese restaurant is a big old glass of young coconut juice with fresh coconut pieces and lots of fresh herbs for whatever I choose to order - whether it's Meatball Pho or Bun with Grilled Pork or even crispy Cha Gio,  give me tons of greenery to use and a sea of nuoc mam for dipping.  This place keeps me beyond happy - the pho comes out piping hot and brimming with rice noodles and meat.  They do not skimp, whereas a lot of other places in the Valley cheap out.  Plus, their broth is fragrant and not greasy, making it a go-to if I've got the sniffles.I typically come here for lunch and they do a bustling business - folks know that this place gets the job done and they show up.  You shouldn't have a problem getting a table as the service moves quickly.  What's not to love?
4	Delicious and to the point! My date and I arrived just before they were closing and although they started cleaning up around us, which is usually quite abrasive, they didn't prematurely drop the check. The pho was very tasty. I had the well done and rare beef pho which our server suggested, "I have had a bowl every day for the last thirty years." I can now relate after it was promptly delivered to us. FLAVOR-VILLE USA!!! The broth was tasty, beef was delicious, the veggies were fresh, and our server came by and suggested sauces we needed to add for the optimal flavor. He was very helpful and considerate despite his stoic demeanor. Definitely going back sooner rather than later.
1	I guess I don't get it because I couldn't get over my friend having to use the bathroom in the kitchen! What?! Really?! That can't be right, or sanitary. We stayed anyway because of the great reviews. Wish I hadn't. It just didn't feel clean. The silverware is on the table, just hanging out in a little compartment on the table, probably seeing all kinds of coughing, sneezing, "kid hands" fun. I don't get the menu either. What kind of pictures and descriptions are those? I felt sick after I ate there and I am definitely not going back. Please try it if you want. I think the lesson to be learned here is "to each his/her own" because people seem to really love this place, so maybe the problem is with me ;(
4	The food was very good for the price. I had the #23 (Noodles, eggrolls, beef, shrimp) for $8 or so and could only half of it. They want a $10 minimum purchase to process credit/debit cards. The service was a little slow, but we go out to eat for the social aspect. There were quite a few people coming in for takeout. The restaurant is smaller. There are about 8-10 tables.
4	It's tucked away in a slightly sketchy looking plaza area. The interior looks like any other casual Vietnamese restaurant. The pho is pretty good. I thought the broth was a little *too* saturated, actually. It was so dark I expected a wash of salt on the first sip. But pho is pho is pho - even bad tasting pho (which this was not) still rates pretty high on my tolerance scale. And this was the first time I'd had pho in over two years, so it hit the spot!I ordered the chicken pho, standing proudly in all my Americanized Asian glory. This is where this place shines. Unlike other restaurants that serve that weirdly shaped rubbery chicken, the chicken here tasted pretty legit.As much as I love pho, it's kind of weird to eat it and then go out into 75 degree "winter" weather. Probably not frequenting this place as often as I would in a four-seasons state.
1	We went here after reading so many great reviews.  The place seemed dirty. I went to the ladies room and had to cross through the kitchen.  They were microwaving food.  The pho was ok.  Ive had way better. The entire meal was mediocre at best!
4	I've tried a few places around Tempe and Mesa...  This one is off University in a small strip mall.. not too hard to find.  Its a cute little resteraunt. Take out and dine in are always quick.  The broth is always so hot i never have to worry getting home in time for it to cook properly.. SO good.. but doesnt  beat Pho Than Bros!
4	Pho is great although it hasn't been consistent lately.  My husband ordered some spicy chicken wings and that was tasty. The service is ok. This place is our top pick for pho.
5	It's saddening when one finds better Vietnamese food in Phoenix instead of San Jose...Any place that can make a good banh xeo (and be generous with it too), gets a huge thumbs up from me already. Along with so many other dishes like banh cuon and com tam bi, there's a lot to try out. I also finally tried some of the pho today and it's definitely better than what I've had in other restaurants (family kitchen's another story). All too often, I find the broth to be too light and flavorless, but at least today's pho was dark and had flavor, if still somewhat weak. It was also fast too, pretty much within 5 minutes of ordering. Maybe I'll suffer the inconsistent broth other reviewers stated.Finally, to all the reviewers about the bathroom: get over it. I've seen a LOT worse, and while one may have to cross the kitchen to get there, blame the building owner and developer who designed the damn layout of the place. Heck, I'm sure there are city codes being broken there, so I'm sure the city would love to know.
3	I did some yelp-search for some amazing pho places in the east valley, and really didn't have a ton of options, so I picked this nearby 4 star place. Now, as I've said before, I am a pho snob. I just am. I have come to accept it and embrace it. Khai Hoan is somewhere between 2.5 and 3 stars for me, and because I'm a generous person, I am delving out a 3 star review.Pros:* The service is fast.* The staff is really friendly* They offer a bunch of varieties of pho an pack the veggie pho with lots of broccoli and bokCons:* It's not located in the best area of Tempe* The broth wasn't extremely flavorful (definitely beef based)* You get a small portion for the price of the pho. $7.50 for what would be considered a small bowl of ho anywhere else I have been.Ok, last thing, which was really, really...odd...the bathroom is located behind the kitchen. Wait, let me rephrase, through the kitchen, then behind the kitchen. Wait, let me try that again...you have to walk through the kitchen while the cooks are back there cutting up fish and other random food items in order to reach the bathroom. It feels...well...unsanitary and quite awkward to traipse through the tiny kitchen, trying to avoid running into the person with the huge knife, while food is being prepared. See? Odd, right?
5	This is the best pho I have ever had.
5	The Best Pho in the Valley. Hands down. Anyone who knows good Pho will tell you this. No, it's not a super fancy spot.No, it's probably not the best looking restaurantNo, it's not a large expanse (You'll be lucky to get a seat)Yes, it's hard to find.But they know what they're doing. I will look past all the negative aesthetic drawbacks, and enjoy a bowl...because it's that good.The broth is the most flavorful I have ever had the pleasure of slurping, the vegetables are the freshest I have ever snapped between my teeth, and the noodles are the most perfectly cooked (a little past el dente).Order take out and enjoy it in the comfort of your well appointed kitchen, or living room for that matter. That's what I have done anyway.
4	Great Pho and fast service.
4	Decent Vietnamese food. Tried their Bun Cha Hanoi and it was lacking a little flavor and the meat was slightly drier than I would liked but more than edible. Liked that they didn't skimp on any of the dishes since the portions were huge! Decent prices for somewhere other than Little Saigon.
4	Going to have to proclaim this my go-to after trying it. Ordered the #1 (super beef - has everything) and took it to-go with a couple of tips from the cashier on how to best serve at home and it turned out awesome. Fresh veges as always, and some tasty rice and meat to go with a bunch of delicious broth just about sums it up.
4	FOOD: With both a Vietnamese menu and a Chinese menu, it's hard not to find something you're into. The meat is flavored well and the noodles and rice are consistently tasty. It's just as good as any average authentic Chinese restaurant, and the prices are great (especially the lunch menu!).  SERVICE/ENVIRONMENT:The service is quick, very friendly, and accommodating. The dining room is small as it is located on the butt of a strip mall, but overall it is not dingy.
1	Went back here twice more since the first time, and there is definitely something wrong with the pho broth. It smells like French onion soup and tastes like how the dregs of a deep fryer smell. What's going on with their broth recipe?? None of the usual overwhelmingly drool-worthy star anise simmered in a beefy broth.Very sad... still haven't found a pho place to measure up to the Pho "Number" chains back in Colorado.
3	Looked up this place on Yelp for a PHO restaurant on a stormy rainy day. It's a small nondescript store in a small strip mall. The menu had a lot of items and we ordered the #1 Pho and the Bun Bo Hue. The Pho was kinda bland and the added meats were small. The Bun Bo Hue was a little better but not one of the better BBH that I have tried. All in all the meal was quick inexpensive 2 min from the ASU field and the service was good.
4	Spring rolls, egg rolls and Pho are just as good or even better than the best Vietnamese in other cities (San Jose, NYC and Denver, to name a few)...but the building, service and drink offerings are lacking. There's water and juice and...water...Kinda sucks to waste a nice Date Night outfit on this drab locale. So don't bother. T-shirts and flip-flops abound.The Lemongrass Chicken isn't quite as spicy as my husband remembered from "the old days" but he still enjoyed it.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one since every time I'm there, many of the customers seem to be regulars. When I'm craving pho, Khai Hoan is definitely top of mind. It makes me think of my Mom's home cooked meals and hanging out w/ my loved ones. Although a "hole in the wall" in comparison to the many other Vietnamese restaurants in the valley, I enjoy the unpretentious attitude, great service and awesome food.
5	This is some of the Best Vietnamese Food the valley. Nice little Family Owned and Operated hole in the wall restaurant in a tiny strip mall in Tempe. You will always see the same friendly family members there providing great tasty food and service. Inside is clean and cozy but simple. Gets busy really quick at lunch. On many of my visits there for lunch I see our hard working local law enforcement and fire fighters taking a break and enjoying a quick meal before they get back to work. Some of the tables are round and ready for a large group.I love the Pho there. It is so much better than some of the others in town and is packed with flavor. It comes with a plate of bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and some lime wedges. The table also has all the condiments you may want such as schricha, housin sauce, fish sauce, etc. The Glass and Egg Noodle Soups are fantastic as well. Try the Bun which is very tasty and is an Angle Hair Noodle dish with the meats of you choice topped with scallions, peanuts, fried shallots and served over chopped red lettuce, herbs, cucumbers, sprouts and yummy fish sauce. One of my favorites is a specialty dish call Pho Ap Chao and is a plate of fried Crispy Rice Noodle Cake with Shrimp, Crab, Beef and all sorts of Veggies covered in a delicious light brown garlic sauce. So good.Everything is great here and they have too many dishes to explain them all. They also serve a large selection of Chinese food for those who are not in the mood for something different. Simply Outstanding!
5	Sort of a family run place with the best Pho in the valley. Nothing fancy going on here, just good eats. I've never ordered anything except the Pho, so can't speak to the rest of the menu... But really, why would you order anything else?
3	My buddy's brother recommended this place.  We tried it and the Pho was just 'ok' in my book.  Not sure what was wrong with it.  It was Large with tons of noodles but the flavor was a little off.  Might try it again for a second look.
5	I love this place.  Everything I have had here is amazing.  The pho is just ok and I would recommend other places for better pho, but the spring rolls here are the best I have ever had - moist, mint, noodle, perfectly cooked pork and shrimp that hasn't been overlooked, amazing peanut sauce, and just tasty!  All the beef and shrimp dishes h are cooked to perfection.  And tea is $1.50 for a pot!   I love it.
5	Had Vietnamese food for the first time today at Khai Hoan in Tempe - very very good. If you go there, try the Banh Uot, super yum
4	Have to admit, I have not had their pho so I can not comment on that. Love the banh cuon! Its so good! Fresh, soft rice rolls filled with a minced pork & mushroom mixture served with fish sauce vinaigrette. It's topped with egg rolls or cha (sliced pork roll) or a combination of both. You get to choose. It's one of the best banh cuon I've had and I will continue to come here for it.
2	Here's my scaling system on how this place received 2 stars from me:  I came here with 3 of my co-workers for lunch, thankfully we were seated right away because this place was packed (+5 star). There was only one server, so we waited and waited and waited about 10 minutes before he finally came over to take our order, after he took the order of two other tables that came in after us (-1 star).  I initially wanted to order ban cuon dac biet #25, but the server told me "No, we're too busy, I'm not making that" REALLY??!!??! Isn't this a restaurant? Aren't you in business hoping to have a full house every day?  The item is on the !*&$*# menu!  Tell me you're out of it or something, not "we're too busy..." (-2 star, YES I deducted 2 stars for this).   I settled with #19 - Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong.  Two of my co-workers ordered basically the same dish I had, but added shrimp to theirs and one ordered the #1-pho.  They all enjoyed their food (+1 star).  I've had better, the grilled pork was thinly sliced and a bit overcooked, so it was kind of tough to chew (-1 star).
5	Amazing! I got take out here one night and will definitely be back. Pho was soo flavorful and delicious!
4	Visited some family in AZ who are pho fans.  They took us here to try it out.  Spring rolls...good, they used bbq pork instead of the traditional steamedPho...pretty good, a little bland so I added fish sauceI just don't know how people eat pho when it's 110 degrees outside. LOL. Consistent pho restaurant service...fairly quick, checked on us once, and no water refills (just like in Denver :-)
1	I just had a horrible experience there.  I've been to this place a few times before.  Never really impressed but gets the job done.  I just happen to have a hankering for pho since it had just rained.  Rare event and rain causes me to think of comfort food, which pho definitely is up there on my list.  I come in, sat down, water served and barely glanced at the menu when I sh!t you not, the guy (I think he's also the owner) comes to my table and said something maybe like "Ready?" but it sounded more of a grunt.  I had just happened to look to see that the #7 was what I wanted.  I ordered rare beef pho with meatballs.  He then takes me menu right off my hands.  Um...I was going to take a look at the spring rolls, but ok, I guess I didn't really care for that.  I'll just sit here and sip my water, without a straw, which I would like if someone would come by.  I knew I wasn't coming here for service.  Why is it so rare to have good service in Vietnamese restaurants? It must be a tall order but at least smile dude.  I guess that's what I pay for.  And then a cockroach walked across my table!Eeew!  I shoo'd it away with my napkin, looked around to see that no one paid attention.  Ok, I won't make a big deal.  I just want to eat and go back to work.  I noticed when I looked around that there was a couple in the corner looking across the room for service waiting for their bill.  They don't know you're supposed to pay at the register, without getting the bill first.  Then 2 guys seat at a table besides me.  They were handed their water and menu almost immediately after sitting down.  hmm prompt service....seconds later dude comes over to grunt.  He just sat them down.  One of the guys looked at the other and chuckles, he wasn't ready to order yet, they just were settling in.  OK it  was not my skewed perception, he really wants us in ready to order.  Then the roach came back around.  I'm done with this place.  yuck. The guy must've eyed them because once the guys put their heads up, boom there he was again, "ready?"My pho came and I ate it quickly, hungry, don't want to think about it.  Pho was so bland and disappointing.  The bowl was small for $7.50.  Upset with the roach more than the horrible service and food.  Went up to register to pay and darted out of there, never to return.  In and out in about 10-15 minutes.
5	By far .... The best Pho place around!  Tasty broth, plenty of meat & great service.  A must try.
5	This is the best pho joint i've found since moving out to Phoenix. Good portions, reasonable prices and great selection.
5	The best Pho in the valley. My fav dishes: lemongrass chicken and their beef pho.Run by a family. Very friendly people. Swift service. The place is sorta like a street food place, very 'informal'. But is nice.Not pricey for what the food tastes like.For spice lovers, dont go easy on the chilli paste they serve on the table.
5	this is the best thai/pho food around chandler area.....yes the environment are not 5 stars but food is really great....
5	Such great food every single time. Always a good mix of company in there, and so authentic. The first and best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to
4	This restaurant serves a killer pho ap chao - it makes my taste buds dance in ecstasy, it is so good.  This place is tucked away in the recessed end segment of a long strip mall on Apache Blvd, so it's easy to miss if you're not looking out for it. Service is fast, and the food is relatively inexpensive - prices are just a tad over those of most Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley. Their pho is OK, though I find the flavor to be somewhat one-dimensional, without the herbal complexity of the pho in, say, Pho Thanh or Pho Avina. And I find the pho to be a bit on the salty side. A squeeze from the lime wedge served on the side helps cut the saltiness, while the fresh herbs served alongside the pho help to give the flavor a needed boost.
5	I've had pho all over the country...and in some of the more "Asian centric" cities...however I have yet to come across any other restaurant that is serving better Vietnamese food, especially the pho, than Khai Hoan.  I've been going to Khai Hoan for about 4 years now and I've never had a complaint.  The food, taste and quality, service and pricing is outstanding.  Highly recommended!
4	Extremely fast and friendly!!The one thing that sets this place apart from the other pho places is the speed and friendliness.If you are craving good pho and your body is like, "Hey, I need pho now, can't wait!", then this is where you want to go. Once you order, it is in front of you in about 5 minutes, even on a busy sat night.Not only that, but the owner here is super friendly and always is around for some good conversation.
5	Excellent Pho, 1st time here, came with Vietnamese friend who says it's the best in the valley.  I agree.
3	While in the Phoenix area on business. I was in the mood for Vietnamese cuisine.  Yelp pointed me towards this restaurant.Located close to Arizona State University.  The place is clean and they serve Chinese food as well. I only ordered the spring rolls (referred as summer rolls in other places) and the large bowl of beef pho, or as they call it "The #1 super everything"Portion sizes are huge! I had a lot of pho in my bowl, my only problem was the the taste of the broth was very bland. The broth was a little underseaoned for my taste.The spring rolls were a bit of a disappointment.  The seam or edge where they met when they closed the roll was hard. I shouldn't hear the crunch coming from the spring roll skin while biting down.Overall, not a terrible place. If you're hungry and want to stuff yourself with food, in this regard this place will not disappoint.  If you're looking for more taste and flavor,  you might want to look elsewhere. I will need to try the other dishes when I'm back next time. Maybe then I can give them a better rating
5	Finally, a good Vietnamese place in Tempe! It's right down the street from campus, too, which is great. My friend and I had been looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant for a little while, and when we came across this one, we were shocked that we'd never been there before!The pho soup is great, and although the spring rolls are just a little lacking in flavor, they also are very good. It seems that there are plenty of options here, too, so I definitely want to explore more of the menu. For instance, they have "rice rolls," which are basically stuffed rice crepes. I really do want to come back and try some of those!Big portions, fast and friendly service, good food, decent price. What more can you ask for?
3	If I could do 3 1/2 stars I definitely would. Went here with a friend to have some late-night pho. The deciding factor was, not only the fact that they had decent ratings, but they were one of the only pho places in the Tempe area that is open past 8PM, which is nice for students who work or have late classes. The place itself really is average. Very casual setting, awkward huge fish tank in the corner, and workers eating in front of you. But hey, it's really not that bad when you go with someone who can hold conversation. Pork and shrimp spring rolls are of very good quality, the veggies/meats are fresh, and they're not overly-covered with rice paper. The pho is very good. It is not too oily, which is a huge plus. The veggies are nice and fresh, and it is served piping hot, which is what I like compared to warm soup. Service is a bit below average, but it really isn't expected at such a casual place like this. I will be back for some night-time pho!
5	(Lyrics - Stevie B - Because I Love You)I got real hungry so I went to Khai Hoan RestaurantAnd I decided to write this reviewJust to let them know, exactly the way I feelTo let them know my review's are real.....Because I love pho, but I'll eat anythingI'll try out some bun gone, some eggrolls tooBecause I love pho, don't forget to add the sidesI'll be alright, if you want me to be your guide (to Vietnamese food!)Khai Hoan Restaurant has replaced one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in the valley!  Pretty bold statement, but this place deserves my love.I brought the parents here for a meal and ordered some eggrolls to start.  Nice and crunchy with some hotsauce/fishsauce and bam!  It got me rolling.  I, of coursed ordered some Pho while my bro order the Bun Gone-- My Pho was pretty damn good, nice warm pungent broth and tender beef round eyes.  I love adding the sides of basil, bean sprouts, peppers, and lime -- the amount of mix really depends on how I feel that day.  Some of this and some of that; always a surprise to my palate!  The Bun Gone was freshly made since my bro had to wait for it, but boy was it worth it!  Freshly made flat noodles with ground & fried pork, mushrooms, with a side of eggrolls and Cha, a pork sausage.  Overall, one of the best I've tasted around the valley!  Nice soft noodles and the crunch of the eggrolls brought the texture, while the Cha and pork combinations gave this dish a protein punch!  Wow!The service here is excellent, but the seating is limited so if you come during the dinner or lunch rush don't be surprised to sit next to a stranger or a new friend! - Enjoy!
3	Great place for college students.  The young Asian server is very friendly as well as the serving staff.  The pho was salty but the portion was great. The bun was good.  The restaurant has poor signage and so spotting the restaurant was not easy.
3	Credit cards are accepted for tickets over $10. Friendly service and very quick about getting your order to you especially if you are going here during the lunch crowd. Pho is just the usual nothing outstanding or special.
5	Best pho in the east valley, and best egg rolls/spring rolls in Arizona. Been coming to this place for years and have found it to be very consistent. Lettuce and herbs are really fresh (those served with pho and egg rolls) though sometimes they skimp on the mint. Bring your own bottle of water!
5	Wow, I had the number one, large pho with everything, and I was just really impressed with the flavor and the amount of meat! I've only have one pho in Phoenix to compare to so far and this blew the other out of the water. I don't think pho should have a clear broth, this was cloudy and probably the reason it was very flavorful. And I love thinking I'm finished and all of a sudden a find more meat at the bottom! The service was quick too and the food came out soon after we ordered. Btw, minimum $10 order to pay with a credit card!
5	They have really good quality pho.  The broth is amazing and not too salty like most places we've been to.  The meat is not rough and chewy , if you get the rare beef on the side so it doesn't cook too much in the broth it will turn out very tender.  They also have something called banh cuon which is a pork/meat wrapped in rice paper... as a California native like I always mention, I have had my fair share of good pho and vietnamese food.. they have REALLY good banh cuon!Great place for pho and banh cuon.. I have yet to try the rice dishes.  But I will be back!
5	Best PHO in Arizona!! Amazing spring rolls as we'll. please take the time to try this place:)
5	This is a great little hole-in-the wall pho restaurant. I'm pretty picky about my pho, and this place hits the mark! They make an excellent broth and the service is very fast. One of my favorites!
4	pho is good but the amount is way to small
5	Hands down best Vietnamese restaurant of my life time. Yes, its a pretty damn GRAND introduction.  I live in Southern California but I make excuses to visit Arizona just to dine here. Everything is top notch from quality of the food to family oriented welcoming service here. Oh and of course pretty much EVERYTHING on their menu is epic. I have my normal "Four items" here which are*Spring rolls*Crab puffs*Vietnamese ice coffee*Pho Back in my AZ days I used to dine here lunch & dinner and me and my friends never got tired of this place EVER.I have friend from Dubai that is dying to go back.Nuff said.
3	This Vietnamese restaurant is one of my frequent stops in the area. I first discovered this place on Yelp, and since then have tried a variety of items on the menu. The squared-shaped interior is largely dependent on natural lighting. The horizontal layout includes TVs, rows of tables, and a small kitchen in the back. For appetizers, I recommend the Goi Guon ($3.95). The spring rolls come with grilled pork, shrimp, rice vermicelli, and peanut sauce. The ingredients were fresh, ranging from the rice wrapper to the contrasting tastes and textures embedded in the middle. For this dish, I often ask for fish sauce on the side. It's a good opener for those who wanted something to hold them over until the main entree. The menu consists of Chinese and Vietnamese dishes, but I come here largely for their signature item: Banh Cuon. To me, this is one of the best Banh Cuon I've tasted so far due to the stuffed minced pork and soft fluffy rice crepes. Among the options, I recommend the Banh Cuon Cha Lua ($8.95) that comes with slices of Vietnamese ham, chopped red leaf lettuce, basil, herbs, pickles and fish sauce. I also suggest the Banh Cuon Chao Tom ($9.25) that comes with soft golden fried fish cakes. The combination of fresh and fluffy textures, perfect thickness on the rice crepe, delicious toppings, and fish sauce made this particular menu item a must try for first time goers. Their Pho ranges from $7.95-$8.95 per bowl. The lack of depth in the mild-flavored broth was a consistent pattern from each of my visits. Even though the broth couldn't stand on its own, I find ordering those that come with more than one meat item such as Pho Tai Nam Gan ($7.95) and Pho Tai Sach Bo Vien ($7.95) an effective method to circumvent the problem. Their pho also comes cilantro, yellow onions, scallions, bean sprouts, basil jalapeno and lime. The side of veggies is always fresh. I only wished the broth could offer more depth and complexity, especially given the high price they charge on these dishes.The Bun Thit Gio thit Nuong ($8.95) came with great textures ranging from the grilled pork, bouncy noodles, and fresh veggies. I really enjoyed this dish, but again the prices are simply too high for me to rate this place higher.Lastly, their Thai Tea with Boba ($3.50) was too sweet with boba that was old and staled. I don't recommend it.Service was prompt but limited to the extent of taking your order, bringing food to the table, and the bill at the end. Given the strengths and limitations of this place, I'd be very strategic in ordering items that are associated with rice noodle crepes, vermicelli, and quite possibly, the noodle sticks. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their Banh Hoi items.
5	I was absolutely starving and I decided to stop here. The manager came by and offered me some suggestions from the menu and both were very delicious. The spring rolls with the peanut sauce was amazing. And the bun pho was  amazing.
4	Khai Hoan could open their doors in Seattle (pho on every corner) and still have a good following.  Salty, fatty, perfectly flavored broth. Even in the dead of summer, I'll get a bowl of pho here.
5	Love the PHO!  We recently moved here from Southern California the home of amazing pho and this is now our goto place. We have tried several and landed here.
5	Pound for pound, this is the best phucking pho you will ever have in the Valley. Tender  thinly sliced rare flank with tendons & tripe (they don't skimp on the meats either), with tasty rice noodles, in a rich restorative broth--this pho here is the real deal. Garnished with crispy beans sprouts, fresh basil, peppers, and a Chinese menu for your scared friends & family; there are always friendly folks working, and it can get crowded, but it's quick, healthy, affordable, and easily the best pho within 600 miles. Bomb!
3	Heres a review my to go experience and of the items I ordered:1-5 Five being best.1. Pho Ga (chicken pho)-4rich aromatic broth, slightly too salty- had to water it down when I hot home.2. Pork Spring Rolls-1The rice roll itself was very rubbery, the menu says grilled pork it seems like shaved pork thin and with no charred flavor at all.  These were also missing bean sprouts-only had lettuce, mint, and vermicelli noodle.3. Lemonade-3SWeeeeeet! If you have a sweet tooth you will love this. Get a Large.Overall I think its a good stop dine in for Pho. Just not amazing.The to go packaging melted and my soup was all inside the bag-so dine in.I was still able to save it by pouring it into a container to reheat.
4	I was visiting my son and we stopped here for lunch one day.  From the Yelp reviews, we ordered egg-rolls and banh cuon.  Both were delicious!  The rice banh cuon were filled with ground pork and fresh.  We chowed down our lunches in short order.
5	Amazing eggrolls and great flavor pho! Can't go wrong here! Clean, fast service and sooo good!
5	This plane is outstanding. I regular here with a buddy and every time we arrive the staff is more than welcoming. My favorite is the garlic chicken with brown rice and Thai tea. It makes an outstanding meal. I tried a pork chop once but it was a little too dry for my taste, but overall this is one of my favorite places to eat. The people here are awesome and well deserving of business.
4	Not from this State but I've been having to do a lot of work in Tempe lately.  Every time I'm there I visit this place at last once to get my Pho Fix.  Comparison to some great Pho places in Monterey park CA.?  This ranks with some of the best I've had Pho-sure
5	Over the years, I've been dragged from one pho place to the next by pretty much every single friend of mine and despite not being a fan of pho (even though everyone thinks I should be, being Asian and all), I feel like I can weigh in to say this place beats out the competition, hands-down.Prices here are probably on par with other places but you most definitely get your money's worth, especially with the #1 (or Pho Xe Lua, so the online menu tells me) .  The broth isn't too sweet or too salty (this is starting to read like Goldilocks) and the portion sizes are good enough to satisfy me and all the bottomless pits I fondly call, my friends.  I've personally never had anything other than the pho here, but I've heard that #13 is pretty good, and the kung pao chicken was ordinary.  Though I'd never order kung pao chicken unless I was beaten and tortured into submission to eat at Panda Express.  The owner is also really friendly and always takes the time to talk to my boyfriend because he and his ex-roommates used to frequent the place 2-3 times a week.Quick note, if you're planning on splitting the bill, bring some cash along cause there's a $10 minimum to use your card.  Or just add-on an iced coffee or if you're adventurous, the salted plum juice!
5	It was a cool night here near Phoenix, AZ. Fall is upon us - which means - Pho!!! Soup for the soul! Thanks to Yelp my girlfriend found a hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant. Mostly Vietnamese. First off, the ambiance is more like a hall versus restaurant, but it was well done. It is kinda loud - but you can still hear the people at your table.The service was great, the prices were super reasonable and the food was fantastic. I would come here again...A solid 5 stars!
4	Really yummy, no frills Vietnamese. I had the veggie spring rolls and the vegetarian pho - both were delicious. The spring rolls tasted very fresh and came with a peanut sauce and the pho was generous on the noodles and came with your standard fare - broccoli, carrots, bok choy, tofu, and beansprouts and basil on the side. Could have used more tofu, IMO, but that's my only main complaint.Go up to the cashier to pay, $10 minimum and they do not take American Express.
1	Came here on 10/15/14. Been coming here for years..found tiny snails on my mint disgusting wash your damn veggies! Never coming back
4	Great family run place with traditional pho. Super cheap and super fast for a quick lunch or a lazy dinner. They're always a good option for take-out too. I always go for the traditional pho with thin beef slices and tons of hot sauce (clears the sinuses right up).
3	Been here a few times already and while the atmosphere + service is very basic, that's kinda what I like about this place as well. The food here is pretty good depending on what you get though:Seafood Pho = Just okay as I wasn't much of a fan for the broth. The actual seafood was fine but overall I probably wouldn't order pho from here again.Broken Rice Plate (Grilled Pork) = Food was great but it was quite pricey considering how close this restaurant is to the university.Chicken With Broccoli (Lunch Special) = First item I tried from the Chinese menu and it was not bad at all, not to mention great value for lunch time.Since I live close by to here I'll most likely frequent this place. The Pho was disappointing but everything else has been good so far.
5	Best pho ever! I love the OG approach to the food speaks for itself and ambiance is not a factor! I have been eating at this gem since the 90s and it has never disappointed. I can see people who are ethnocentric hating on the decor and lack of kitche decor but it's all about the pho!
5	If you ever want to schlep it, come here at any given time and you will always be guaranteed a good bowl of pho. It's not fancy and perfect for those bum days. It's loud with every language thrown out there, reminds me of UN conference meeting. Love it! Food is consistently good. I mean I've been coming here since my ASU days, probably my longest standing relationship. I love that you can ask for Extra Large bowls!!! If you're adventurous, they have everything from tripe to pork blood in their pho soups. The egg rolls have the just right crunch for rolling up in lettuce to dip. One of the rare places that also carries good banh mi. I also love their rice plates, both the shrimp and pork are really good flavors of grilling.If you rather be fancier, you can go to their sister location Cyclo, literally owned by one of the other sisters. I personally like the girl next door types so you can find me here.
5	The best broth in Tempe! Open early and the best hangover cure. So close to campus. The staff is incredibly nice and there are always customers in there at all times of the day.
5	This simple Vietnamese place does everything right. Their specialty is their soups but the spring rolls are delicious too. A great neighborhood place. I will take this over Chinese any day. Just healthy, cheap food. Check it out.
4	Really good Pho and surprisingly good Chinese food. My daughters, who have lived half their life in Asia, were very impressed when craving some Pho during recent trip to Tempe. The family owners were very nice.
3	Great pho
5	I eat here many times. I am that single guy people look at and feel sorry for cause I am reading something and ignoring them, unless she is hot ;)You cannot go wrong with any of the food here. Really.Now that its winter, its PHO and more PHO.As custom men will serve you and the women will take your money, haha.Check it out.
5	Khai Hoan is my favorite place in the valley to get Pho.  It reminds me of the Pho I've had in San Diego.  They have a lot of flavor.  The service is fast and they package it perfectly when you need to take it to go.  Their spring rolls are phenomenal.  Make sure to try the Thai iced tea as well.
