2	I'm not a fan.  Pretty average burrito.
3	I've tried a few things here, and there have been some hits and misses.  The Burritos are a little sloppy, so I usually grab a quesadilla.  Stay away from the taco salad, but mini-chimi's and cheap margaritas give it that 3rd star!
3	Better than average fresh-Mex food.I like their chips and salsa bar, but none of their salsas are phenomenal, just mediocre.  Their food is kinda bland and lacks flavor and their plates are a little on the small side..... not enough beans / rice.  Their prices are decent.  If you're thinking Chipotle or Rubio's or some crap like that, you'd be better off here, but that's not saying much.
4	Oh black beans....how I love thee.  Blue Burrito Grille has a healthier menu, such as those black beans and whole wheat tortillas, which is great.  I've came here to both pick up a meal and sit down and eat.....never having to wait more than 5 minutes for my food.  They have several high top tables, outdoor patio seating, a yummy salsa/chip bar, and alcohol.  The house margarita is okaaay.  Bottom line....if I'm feeling "fast" mexican food and a lot of it, I'll head to Chipotle and down a burrito.  When I'm feeling health conscious, I head here.
3	I hadn't been to Blue Burrito in years, not since it was the cool place to go before you went to a movie at Shea 14 in high school! I wanted to grab a quick lunch today to take back to the office, and while Chipotle is closer to my office, I just wasn't in the mood. I ordered the beef taquito and chicken soft taco combo, which came with a side of rice and beans. I waited less than 5 minutes until my order was ready, neatly packaged with salsa and chips thrown in as well. I really liked the taquitos, they were still hot and were delicious dipped into the cool sour cream and guacamole that they came with. I am not normally a chicken taco kind of gal, but I found this chicken to be wonderful. It was grilled chicken, but it was very moist, not dry like you may find at other places. I just ate the chicken out of the tortilla, but I am sure it would b good wrapped in the blue (get it?) corn tortillas that it was intended for as well. I normally am not a rice eater, but for some reason, this rice looked really good, and it was! It was tender and moist, but not greasy a all. I actually didn't even try the beans...I just went for the rice...weird!! I sampled 3 of the 4 salsas that were offered, and none of them really had much flavor. They either just tasted like tomatoes or were just hot, so the salsa was definitely a disappointment. I will give them a nod for keeping their chips warm in a chip warmer, you don't see that too often. My meal was cheap, coming in at under $8.00. I liked the food that I had, but the menu didn't knock my socks off....I think when it comes to fresh Mex, the number one for me is still Rubio's! (Crispy shrimp season is my weakness!)
5	Always consistent, great and healthy Mexican food! Same cook since I can remember. I can grab a chicken fajita bowl with chicken, rice, pinto beans and a tortilla and it all comes in under 500 calories with about 5 grams of fat. Extremely tasty and I enjoy the spicy and rojo salsas. I never have to wait long for my meal and always enjoy a house margarita for $2.99. They also have a Blue Burrito card that you can get stamped each time and on your 10th visit you get $5 off. If you want some healthy options I would recommend BBQ over Chipotle. I respect a place that shows the calories and fat in their dishes and gives people options to enjoy good food that is healthier than the usual lard loaded, calorie disguised foods. I only wish they offered baked tortilla chips similar to what Top Shelf does.
5	I went there for the first time this past Saturday night. It was aWESOME!Description: Blue Burrito Grille is very much like a Chipotle, Baja Fresh, or Rubios, only probably better than all 3. There are no servers. There have the typical Mexican fast food condiment bar, but complete with chips. In comparison to similar establishments, Blue Burrito Grille offers   -Better Chips. Tri-colored restaurant style chips that are NOT stale     like Rubios and Baja Fresh.   -A wider variety dishes, combination platters, salsas, and meats.       E.g. Cod, shrimp, Mahi Mahi, Grilled Chicken, Machaca Chicken,  Beef, Carnitas, Steak?    - A wider variety of wraps/torillas. For health-nuts, like me, they offer spinach or multigrain wraps instead of the typical boring flour or corn torillas.    -A better variety of teas as well as beers. They use China mist teas and have a descent variety.** The Salsa Verde alone is worth the trip!!! I make my own salsas at home all the time and I will tell you this is the best Salsa Verde I've ever had. I could drink that salsa by itself! (In fact, i did a little when i got home -- i took some to go).I will definitely be Back.
4	Fast, fresh, inexpensive, and delicious. The meat in both the chicken tacos and beef flautas were perfectly marinated (not steamed, cut up, and drowned in salsa) and cooked slowly. Fresh tortillas, too. Salsa was very good.Rice and beans were on the "pretty good" side of "Ok". (The airport location is not nearly as good).
3	I was starving; it was 2pm after a tough hike up Camelback Mountain.  We came here at my friends from NY suggestions. I already had doubts when New Yorkers are suggesting the Mexican food.The menu here is quite large and it took me some time to decide on the grilled fish burrito with a whole-wheat tortilla. It was a bit pricy for just a burrito.Before our food was ready, I discovered the chips and salsa bar. Naturally, I had to try every salsa, and with the multi colored chips I tried to get mostly blue chips, they have a neat side effect.The salsas were fine nothing too special. The same can be said about my burrito, which I quickly devoured. It was not bad, but I am not going to make the long drive to go back just for another burrito.If you are looking for indistinct inoffensive Mexican food this may be a good place for you.
4	I have a large collection of plastic cups from Blue Burrito Grill. We used to go there on Fridays. When i gave up meat for awhile, we would come here and I would eat the fish burritos. Delicious.
5	Met a good friend here for lunch.  The place is a nice little meeting spot.  The food was delicious.  I had the Chicken Taco Salad.  Price is reasonable and the staff was great.
3	Went here recently with a family member who was back in town and used to go to BBG all the time.  I've been here plenty of times over the years, and I do have to say that it is sad to see the contraction that they have experienced...I remember when they had at least five locations in the Valley.   Based on their restaurant list, it does seem if they have found a niche in food court/airport type settings, so maybe that will work out better for them.I got the chicken tacos in corn tortillas.  They were OK, nothing interesting, nothing bad about them.  Should have stuck with the usual, black bean and cheese burrito with steak or chicken...I'll know for next time.  A strong benefit of BBG is the unlimited free chips they have out, usually nice and fresh.
5	The absolute BEST hot sauce on the planet!
3	I tried the Carne Asade and Diablo buritto. Definitely better than Taco Bell, but not outstanding. I appreciate how they have complementary chips and salsa (and they try to keep the chips warms).
1	I ordered Asada Burrito with beef.Wow! It is Big! One bite another bite all I taste was lettuce.I cut burrito into half I found lettuce and discolored avocado!Oops,Looks like discolored avocado but it was burned meat.If you like $6.90 lettuce burrito this is the place!
5	Finally a place where my kids and I both love the food that doesn't serve chicken nuggets and fries! My kids love Blue Burrito's kids chicken quesadilla, especially the churro that is included. I love their salads and taco plates. The free chips and salsa bar is a big hit with the family. The place is always super clean and the staff is very friendly.  The perfect place for lunch on their new patio now that the weather is cooler.
5	This the best "fast mexican food around". The chicken machaca is so delicious!! It's good quality food for cheap prices that doesn't leave you feeling really gross after. I also like the chip and salsa bar. I've been coming here since I was a little kid, and it always had the same great flavor.
3	I like this place.  It has so much potential.  The concept is 1/2 Fast Food & 1/2 Full Service Restaurant.....it's a 'Tweener'!  Let me explain......Fast Food Elements+ You order at a counter, menu on boards against the wall.+ They call for your number & you pick up your food at the counter....food is served on plastic plates & trays, like many fast food restaurants.+ Food comes out relatively fast.+ Self Serve Salsa Barhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=bJL2f4dqLkQZePWU13UCswFull Service Restaurant Elements+There's bar seating w/Alcohol service.+ Food quality is a notch above Fast Food.+ Food prices are nearly the same as full service restaurants.+ Complimentary Chips & Salsa.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=0LCjnbhWGXS6ZMtp_137eAI've been here a few times....being on my no Meat diet, I have some good choices here.Bean & Cheese Burrito, $5.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=hJcWsnkgB9Br9ZnpFV7NLANachos w/Cheese & Beans, *Hint* Get the Kid's Meal for $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=yrX3FWg6cyzFNi5HvQuwEAQuesadilla, $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=OgFy34v2UTeOvSSc4ffy0gThe food is pretty good....not great.  I enjoy coming here to grab a quick bite.  The other big bonus for me is that they have Arizona Gunslinger Hot Sauce available here....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emtAyZPvp_0b40levOzcnA?select=FJbrO9TXOs5J-gp_psFn0wThis Hot Sauce packs a nice punch and I pour it generously on my food....yum!Overall, it's not a bad joint......way better than Taco Bell, just under Full Service joints.Return Factor - 90%
2	$17.50 for a serve yourself bean burrito, 2 flavorless fish tacos and 2 sodas. Too much for boring food and no waiter service.
5	If you're looking for fresh, healthy, quick and tasty, The Blue Burrito is a sure bet. We recently tried the Shea/Scottsdale Rd. location (NE corner), which has a very attractive bar. The whole restaurant has a modern, comfortable, welcoming feel, but the long bar really caught our attention. It's the perfect place to come after work to enjoy a drink, some socializing, not spend a lot or wait long for your food.  We originally ordered only iced teas until we saw how reasonably priced the margaritas were, which were delicious and refreshing.The staff was friendly, patient, helpful and exuded the feeling that they liked working there. I even chatted a bit with Memo the cook, whose open kitchen was clean and orderly.As for the food, it's very satisfying and will cause next-day cravings! My husband orders the shrimp burrito, which is really big! I must have the machaca beef tacos and our little one likes the cheese quesadillas. The rice and beans are good sides, but the free chips,  pico de gallo and the available salsas are positively addictive! This location is now our favorite Blue Burrito :)
3	Okay, this isn't usually our first choice for quick Mexican food, but sometimes you don't want to feel so guilty after you eat a burrito. The Blue Burrito offers a healthier version of classic burritos. Although it isn't as good as Carolina's it is a good choice if you are trying at least a little bit to be somewhat healthier. Yeah, we would much rather scarf down a Bean and Cheese at Carolina's, but not being able to run the trails in AZ in the summer makes Blue Burrito our choice every now and then. Love the salsa bar, good salsa options with warm chips.
5	This place is great, if you want healthy mexican food and great service, you need to stop in here!Ive had the Big Blue, which is huge, great if you dont have to do anything in the afternoon. I usally eat the Twice Grilled Chicken Salad, healthy portion of food.They also have a self serve salsa bar, with hot and mild sauce and plenty of chips.Also have a drive up curb side service, kind of like Sonic, where they bring the food out to you after a phone order. Make sure you use the punch card, 6 punches and you get $5 off your next entree. Double punches on Monday all day and Tues nights.
5	I love this place! It's fast food in a healthier Mexican style, not fast greasy Filiberto's style (but let's be honest, that style is still delicious) food.Two key highlights to my five star review (1) self serve Salsa Bar (2) Full Bar! Yes, my friends, you can order your healthy Mexican food and then completely ignore the health of your liver and indulge in an alcoholic beverage, WIN! The lady taking our order at the counter was really nice. The food was ready really quickly and the salsa bar was well kept! I got the fajita burrito that was cooked and wrapped to perfection! There are plenty of tables to sit at inside as well as outside on the patio.
4	Great quick, healthy Mexican joint. Very casual and friendly staff. Order at the counter and they'll call you when it's ready. In the meantime, free chips and salsa (4 varieties). Must say, really good salsa.Try: Chicken machaca burrito, smothered in green enchilada sauce, side of sour cream. Delicious.
5	Blue Burrito is the perfect combination of non-greasy mexican food, chearful staff, bottomless chips, salsa and drinks and no push to turn the tables.  The food is very tasty and healthy and the "impact" is not the same as with traditional mexican food.  The full bar, local sports on the screens only adds more reasons I make a weekly stop for a salsa fix.  The outdoor patio is also a nice touch for those evenings when the sunset is a thing of beauty.  I have yet to find a menu item that was not tasty.
5	Best Mexican food in town -- the fact that it is healthy is a bonus (that is if you can resist those warm chips)! I've never been disappointed and have been a customer for 17 years!
4	Love the blue margarita!
5	Love curbside service at lunch!
5	Great restaurant if you are in the mood for fresh and healthy style Mexican food and do not want to pay extra money to be waited on hand and foot.  I am from California, and the closest thing I can compare it to would be Baja Fresh, but Blue Burrito has a full service bar which is a really nice addition.  The only negative thing I noticed was the mini taco soft shells.  They are about the diameter of an orange which is a little strange.  They do provide an unlimited supply of chips and salsa so that helps.  The burritos are large.  Everything seems very fresh and they don't use lard of other unhealthy additives.  They need to open one of these in L.A..  I would go there all the time.
5	I tried this restaurant one day for lunch with the bf since I work at the hospital down the road, and oh it was worth it. I got the carnitas green chile burrito and my bf got the signature burrito with chicken. They were both good and the salsas were tasty (along with the all you can eat chips). I love the staff there, everyone was so warm and inviting. The people walking around clearing the tables were also polite, they even offered to refil our drinks even though it is a self serve kind of place. Based on service and quality of food, I give this establishment 5 stars! Will definitely return soon.p.s. we could only eat half of our burritos, we took it home and ate it for dinner the next day, and it was really good (i added some sriracha or cholula to every bite!).
4	Local Biz Alert!!I had no idea this was a local business for years. I remember seeing them in the airport, then in Scottsdale Fashion Square, and recently after looking for some good Mexican food near Scottsdale Shea Healthcare to take my girl to lunch I noticed a Yelp Deal for this place and thought it was finally worth a shot. It was not until I walked up to the front door and noticed the Local First AZ Sticker that I knew it was locally owned. Sorry for taking all your time to mention that, it's important to me. So to the restaurant, it's your typical fast casual restaurant, you order, pick up your food with a number, get your own drinks, salsa, but a waitress comes around to refill your drinks or clear away empty plates. The food was pretty delicious. HUGE portions. For sure something that can be shared, or eat half of it and take it back to work for lunch the next day.  The ingredients tasted fresh and the menu looked exciting enough to where I had trouble picking something and I look forward to going back and trying something new, like the enchiladas. The salsa bar and chips deserves its own paragraph. If you like Baja Fresh's salsa bar, then you'll also like Blue Burrito's. I believe there was 4 different salsa options, plus cilantro. Then there is a big container of fresh chips. They were still warm and very tasty. It's all you can eat for the salsa and chips which is awesome!!Next time we go back, I want to get a margarita too!
4	This is a favorite lunch spot for me. You can customize the veggie burrito to be vegan and it's not bad. I would give the burrito itself 3 stars, but you get unlimited chips and salsa from the salsa bar for FREE and who doesn't love free unlimited chips and salsa?!On a few occasions they have goofed up the order so vegans beware, more beans would be nice in the burrito but overall it's decent and something different compared to heading to Chipotle, Rubios or Baja Fresh (plus, these guys are local!). They have a nice patio for when the weather is accomodating and enough staff and seating so that at lunch time service is always good and speedy. Give it a try.
5	As always...I had a wonderful experience!!  I love this place..drive from Anthem all the way to the Scottsdale location!
3	Bought a deal on Yelp after driving by this place for the last three months.  The staff were incredibly nice and attentive.  The food was just okay.  I really did not care for the pinto beans they use.  They had an odd spice/aftertaste.  The quesadilla was an average quesadilla.  If I go back I would skip the beans. but wouldn't mind hanging out here with coworkers.
1	Quick and fast food here! Not the best
4	Blue Burrito - Quality Mexican food for a not-so-bad price.  My girlfriend and I both chose to have a choose 2 dinner, to get a good variety.  While the Taquitos and Street tacos were good, the Flautas and Steak taco shined!  The steak was perfectly cooked with a bit of char, and the Flautas, drenched in sour cream and guac were on point.  Throw in the $10 for $20 Yelp deal and this is a must visit. ** Reason for 4 stars instead of 5:  the side rice could've been better.  It was rather dry and flavorless.
5	I LOVE Blue Burrito.  Unfortunately, I no longer live in AZ, but when I did, I was here once a week at least.  Everything is super healthy and delicious.  I highly recommend the Machaca Chicken Burrito, it is the best!
4	Stopped here because it was close to my Real Estate school. Had the Big Blue with red sauce and I really enjoyed it.  The free Salsa bar with chips, easy-going atmosphere, lobby cleanliness and great service makes this a place I will recommend to friends.
3	I haven't been here in a while but my lunch was good on this recent visit.  The chips are fresh and I love their rojo salsa.  My two enchilada combo with rice and beans made for a nice meal.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars for the grande margarita.  OMG, it was tasty.  It is not cheap at $8.50 but it is soo good.  One of the better margs I have had in a long time.  It ranks up there in the top 5.Wasn't real busy when we went here and I haven't been to this particular location.  I decided on the taco plate.  My only complaint was that the machaca was a little salty IMO and I like salt.  The beans and rice were just ok nothing special.
5	AMAZING as always:)  My all time favorite Mexican place!!
2	I'm not crazy about the Blue Burrito Grill. I like that they have all you can eat chips and salsa. They are serve yourself and the salsa are good. I usually get the vegetarian burrito bowl and for some reason it always ends up watery and not very flavorful. I think Chipotle, Qdoba, and Fiesta Burrito are a lot better.
2	Pros: 1. Hot salsa was pretty good            2. When I called to complain about my burrito being wrong they did offer me a                            free burrito.Cons:1. Burrito was super small. I like a burrito that is the size of a small child and puts you into an immediate food coma. This was not that place. The only thing hefty about these burritos was the price. $7 for a burrito and I expect a loooooooot more. 2. The food was cold. 3. I paid for guacamole and opened up my burrito and there was a little guacamole smeared on, but not much. 4. They got my order wrong. I wanted rice in my burrito and they left it out. Ok, so I have high expectations. But I am super loyal once a place makes me an outstanding burrito. So, for now Blue Burrito I'm not smitten, but I will give you one more chance. If you impress me an update will follow.
5	The hot salsa is delicious.  I always end up getting the Chicken Machacca Burrito. It's tasty and fills you up.  Service is friendly, too.
5	So excited to be eating here again today!
2	Disappointed, just another Mex chain restaurant.  Pro: clean and spacey, friendly staff, easy parking, very nice salsa bar with all the chips (fresh) and salsa you wish, dishes have quite large portions of pork and chicken in them as well as green pepper, their green chili sauce is very tasty.  Con: chicken has no flavor, somewhat dry, skimpy on the onions in the fajita burrito, all the sauces taste alike and none are hot, crispy taco just fell apart, was truly finger food.  I would rate them 2 1/2 stars.  Obviously, we won't be back!
4	I was a little hesitant to try this place, as it hasn't really been reviewed well. However, I'm glad I trusted my gut (not the hungry part, the sensible part)!When I walked in, the dining room was absolutely packed! Obviously, it's a popular destination. So, I took a minute to see what looked best to me. After a few minutes perusing their menu, I opted for the Shrimp Burrito. The young lady behind the counter informed me that it would take about five minutes for my order to be ready. So, I took my drink to the dining room and waited.As I was waiting, I passed by their full bar. I wasn't really in the market for an alcoholic beverage during lunch, so I didn't really price anything. The fact that this bar exists, though...that's the important thing! The self-serve chips and salsa bar was really cool! It's similar to ones that you would find at Baja Fresh, except for the endless chips. That's a pretty nice touch, in my opinion.After about five minutes (a touch longer, but I wasn't in a hurry), my burrito was ready. Size wise, my burrito was comparable to ones that you find at Chipotle or Qdoba. However, the difference maker for me was the actual content. I made sure to pay extra close attention to the amount of shrimp contained in my burrito. I've been burned at places before when they skimped on contents. Not here. EVERY single bite I took was accompanied by a full shrimp...and I don't take small bites. For $8.85, I was definitely impressed. If you're in the market for a sort of change of pace with regards to your Mexican food, you should check out Blue Burrito Grille. If you need more incentive, they do have a couple of televisions, free Wi-Fi, and a nice patio. The patio is covered by umbrellas, but it doesn't have misters or anything like that. So, if you want to sit outside, make sure you get in on the action before it gets hot!
3	Blue Burrito is an average Mexican restaurant for quick sub par food. It is located in a shopping center that at one time used to be very popular before Kierland and Scottsdale Quarter were built. I would recommend the "Build your own Burrito" that way you can pick and choose what you want. They also offer a chips and salsa bar which makes it convenient for those who pig out on chips and salsa.
2	Life's funny. Not HaHa funny. Just funny how you can go back to the same restaurant fifteen months later and end up ordering the exact same meal, though not intentionally. LOLWe came to the Blue Burrito after a movie in January, 2012. The only reason I know that is the Tip I wrote on Yelp:"Make your own burrito bowl $7.99, Chicken Torta $7.99 and one ice tea came to $19.59. A very tasty meal and a great deal!"Not a lot has changed since then. The above meal ran us $15.25 this time. The Chicken Rice Bowl was reduced to $6.59. The food was okay just nothing special. The photos of the Chicken Torta on the menu look good, but for some reason they do not toast it as they show in picture. The bottom piece of bread is soggy and beaks apart. It's impossible to pickup.Till next time then.Sorry!
4	great restaurant.....has been for years!
2	We tried this for office lunch as a change from Chipotle, since the menu has some interesting options that Chipotle lacks (like fish!) and the dieter (not me) was impressed with the low calorie counts.Next time, I'm going to suggest we all bond by getting root canals together.Credit the low calorie counts to tiny portions, so figure your meal will cost the same as at Chipotle, but you'll get maybe 2/3 as much food.The one counter clerk correctly noted that, since I was clutching a list of items, I was a captive customer. She did the obvious thing for corporate efficiency and kept me waiting (and waiting and waiting), then was snippy while taking the order (after having been sweet to the family ahead of me). She was even snippier to the person after me, so I guess it's not difficult to be inadequate to the glories that are the Blue Burrito.The carnitas in the street tacos were dry and flavorless, so it's a good thing the portions were so small, as it would have been unkind to ask me to chew through more of that. Refried pinto beans tasted as if a box of black pepper had been spilled in the pot, but the rice was quite good. I can also summon mild enthusiasm for the chips, though the "hot" salsa also tasted more of black pepper than of jalapeno.So if you're looking to pay $7-$10 a meal for small portions of mediocre (but varied!) food dished up at low speed in a mildly hostile but industrial-chic environment, this Blue Burrito will be your go-to lunch spot in Scottsdale.
4	This is a tried and true place.  Perfect spot for a large group or if you have kids with you. The prices are also very reasonable, its casual and there is unlimited salsa and chips from the salsa bar.  My favorite item is the beef burrito! Overall a great family spot.
5	One of the better quick serve burrito joints in town. Under 7 bucks for a large burro with a huge number of ingredients included, except for good ole guacamole. Plus it is all white meat and not just chunks, they have a chicken machaca version which is excellent. Grilled onions are also new and the medium salsa is not hot, but adds a great flavor to the burro. You can also get queso for free in there if your a glutton, but overall a great value and quality ingredients, but no chips included. This is the mall location - no salsa bar.
2	It's Mexican fast I don't expect much. But overpriced. More than chipotle and not as fresh I think. This is my second visit, and maybe last? I got the nachos both time but I take most stuff off. Last time because I didn't want gauc they doubled my sour cream. Well this time I asked for a little more cheese, she charged me! I didn't get the gauc or beans lets not be cheap!
5	Best healthy mexican food around. I crave it.
2	The location that is not at the mall stinks. You can't see what they are putting in your burrito and it doesn't represent the chain well. If one of your stores has all it's food in the open , then the other one should too. The Shea location is cavernous and not personable at all to customers. The food quality was poorer, the price was higher and nothing tasted the same as it was in that glorious food court location. The burrito was overloaded with black beans, skimped on the meat and it was  a mushy, not well rolled food item. This is a clueless chain because chains mean continuity and this location lowered the standards on all their other restaurants. Waste of a meal and almost 9 bucks for a burrito.
3	Fish tacos. Great, no, but good. Simple cod with that purple cabbage on a soft white tortilla. Skipped the cream sauce.  Salsa bar looked good, yeah I just looked. You get chips, $8. I did have trouble ordering, which was a good thing. The selections are many. You order at the register and wait for your lucky number to be called out kind of place.
