4	No one's reviewed this place? I would think this salon would attract a rather high concentration of Yelpers, or at least their moms [that was an indication of the clientele... and the price]. La Pomponnee is sort of an institution; take that as you will. There are the jokes about the "Virginia Manor Blonde Bob" that can be easily acquired here. There are also some seriously talented stylists, some seriously talented aestheticians, and very adequate, if not especially unique, surroundings.  La Pomponnee is not a NY/SF/LA salon; it's a nice Aveda salon in Pittsburgh. The stylists are well-trained and efficient, and for what you'd pay for a junior stylist in, let's say, Boston, you get a Master stylist and tip. Deal.I'm now realizing, as I type this, that my mom is getting her hair done here, by Diane, who she's been seeing for about 15 years. I've had haircuts and updos from Diane, and facials from Terri [a lifesaver, or at least, facesaver]. What did I say in the beginning about La Pomponnee? Moms, and the kids who Yelp about their hair stylists.
4	I love this La Pomponnee wayyyyy more than the peters township one. It's less cluttered and everyone is really friendly.My stylist is Jessica and I can't say enough good things about her. I think she is one of their junior stylists but she gives a great haircut! She actually listens and she doesn't push products on you. However I loved how she styled my hair so I ended up buying everything she used because I needed products and you know I have seen a huge difference in my hair. She even told me some cute ways to style my hair which is great for me cause my hair is a pain! I spent around $100 on products and for a haircut, wash, blow dry and style was $30 which is a great price! But the haircut prices vary by stylist.Now this is why they lose a star .. I got my hair highlighted here last summer and no my girl Jess didnt do them! Since it was summer I asked for partial highlights and I didn't get my haircut cause I used a groupon at another salon to get it cut. I was charged $85 for my partial highlights which I thought was a little expensive just for that! They did look great and the stylist listened to what I wanted which was great but they faded really really fast. Yes I know it was summer but I also did buy the 2 products that are supposed to help prevent that. But oh it happens.Also Mindy is great for waxing! She is quick, friendly and makes you feel really comfortable. Her prices are great too. Try it out and ask for Mindy or Jess you won't be disappointed!
1	Worst experience with a hairdresser ever, at this location. Made an appointment with Diane for a body wave. When I was sort of greeted by her she looked at my hair and said "You get body waves?" Yeah, that's why I booked one at your salon. Then she argued with me about when to trim, I wanted after she wanted before, and after five minutes acknowledged that it didn't matter, but FIRST telling me the perm "wouldn't soak in" on the ends unless she trimmed it. Then she argued with me about the rods. It's taken me over ten years to figure out with Aveda perm hairstylists what the perfect combo is. Diane knew better, but finally agreed. Then she proceeded to comb my wet hair, from the forehead back, scratching my scalp and jerking my head. That wasn't enough, though. She then started rolling it with the rods she thought I should have.  I got up and left. When I addressed the problem at the front, NO EFFORT WAS MADE TO HELP me other than to offer coming back and talking to the owner. Yeah. Right. THAT'S gonna happen. Horrible salon...dirty, also, just as a side note.
2	La Pomponnee, I wanted to like you.  I really did. I've gone about 5 times for various services, and each time hoped to get what I felt I was paying for, but always have left rejected.  Literally.  The staff at La Pomp is AWFUL!  Many of them are rude and act like you are a hindrance on their day even though it is their job.  I have heard the staff gossiping - sometimes even about other customers - on multiple occasions.  And when I've had my hair done at this salon, I am left in the middle of my hair cut  so my stylist can attend to someone else, while I just sit there with my hair dripping.The one thing is (and why they get 2 stars instead of 1), is that they DO tend to do a  good job on my hair.  The massage I got was so-so, expensive, and ended with a sales pitch - not relaxing.  But hair, they can do.  I just can't make it worth my time, if it's too expensive and I feel as if I'm being kicked out the door so the staff can talk crap about me once I'm gone.I have been to a million different spas over the years (I am a facial whore!).  Maybe the spas in Pittsburgh aren't as up to par as the one's I've gotten used to in San Diego.  But La Pomponnee has not been a good spa experience for me for massages or hair styling.I'll be going to Stonewater from now on.
4	I have been going to this salon since I moved here two years ago.  I see Megan, and I love her.  I travel for the summer and she was gracious enough to share hy hair formula so I don't have to change anything over the summer.  I find the staff to be friendly and social.  They make it easy to schedule well in advance.  I have also had a pedicure and found it to be perfectly fine.  Nice polish, lasting 2  1/2 weeks (so far).
5	I'm really not sure why the other people who wrote reviews are such haters. I have to admit that I'm not the kind of dude who ever thought that I would start coming to a place such as la pomponee to get an "overpriced" haircut. Let's put it this way, I'm a cheap bastard when it comes to haircuts but I can guarantee that you will never find me in a Supercuts again! My entire experience blows every haircut I have ever had out of the water. I love the fact that I showed up after scheduling an appointment the previous day and there was no waiting around. The stylist name I regret can't remember from two days ago but I told her straight up, "I'm giving you full latitude to do what you think is right for me." I was not disappointed with how nice of a job she did. She asked the right questions and I could hold a good conversation with her. To top off the experience I was offered a complimentary bottle of Heineken, that isn't happening at Supercuts, and it only cost about an extra $10. I would highly recommend this place for all men's haircuts.
4	I like this salon. Yeah it's a bit overpriced but worth the money. Staff always friendly and nice. I love my beautician. I would recommend this salon to people for service.
1	I went here for the first time on a recommendation. I did not request a specific stylist, and told them I could do an appointment "any time this week." I received a decent cut, but left promising the receptionist that I would NEVER return.Online, their women's haircut price is quoted at $30+. I get a very basic cut, so I expected it to be $30, $35 at most. Only when I checked out was I informed that my cut was actually $44. When I asked why the cost was so much higher than their base quote, the receptionist told me the cost is based on the experience of the stylist. My stylist -- the one chosen for me WITHOUT revealing this policy -- has been working at the salon for 13 years.I understand this unit of commensuration -- although, I think it's bad for business because it insinuates a customer will receive a much lower quality experience if the stylist is younger. However, if this is a salon policy, it is one that should be CLEARLY stated upon scheduling the appointment.From my perspective, La Pomponnee preyed upon my naivety and (seemingly deliberately) chose the most expensive stylist. This is downright terrible customer service, and it will be the reason they eliminated any chance of a long-term relationship.
4	With the colder weather picking up in the Pittsburgh area - it's easy to get dry wind-chapped skin and to just want to stay indoors.La Pomponee not only will nourish your skin with lovely all natural products and a soft touch - but they'll have you looking so radiant that you'll be aching to take your glowing cheeks out.I came here with my mom when we were visiting my brother and all of their staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.They provided lush robes, a private locker for our stuff, and even gave us new flip-flops. My facialist was so lovely and warm and she massaged love and kindness into my skin using Aveda's magical all natural products. She even did some hand and feet massaging as well. So blissful!My facial had no extractions or un-natural chemicals applied to it. It was all about nourishing the skin. It's reassuring to know that you're going to walk into a facial and come out with soft supple skin - rather than a face full of red marks and peeling. I would definitely come to La Pomponee again - for a relaxing day full of epic massage and good vibes.If you're looking for more vigorous facial and want more pronounced results - you may want to look elsewhere. For simple natural glowing skin though - La Pomponee is the way to go.Trust.
3	Not the best haircut, nor the worst, I might go back, I might not...I keep waiting to find a reason to stay.  The price was good enough that I'll give it one more try and update you then!
5	I love La Pomponnee! This is the only place I go to get my eye brows waxed and I will only get them done by Bonnie, she is awesome! I have also gotten a few facials and 1 couples massage here. Everyone I have encountered is always nice and helpful.
4	I started going to this salon when I moved to Mt Lebanon. It's very classy and chic. My stylist is Aaron, a junior stylist, such a nice guy. He has great style and great and cutting my hair to fit my face. The only thing that I don't like is that they didn't offer to give me, a newer customer, a tour or rundown of their products and services, which I would've liked. They are a little unfriendly.
5	I've been looking for a fun stylist in Pittsburgh that "gets" my curly hair -- and doesn't charge a fortune -- for years. After my first appointment today, I'm ending my search!Aaron P. did a fantastic job on my cut and balanced out my texture and volume. The rest of the staff was friendly and the space with bright and upbeat. To second an earlier comment, they didn't offer me a tour or brochure of their services as a first-time guest -- but I didn't mind asking for them.I'll their other services and will report back. But for now, I highly recommend La Pomponnee!
