2	Ok - So I've been here before and didn't like it but I thought I'd give it another chance.  I decided to take my mother here for a birthday lunch as we were going to see a movie at the nearby Colisee.  We started with the pan-fried calamari and the onions rings, both were very good - the calamari was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside and the rings were crispy not greasy. Both my mother and sister chose the Madison's burger for their main - the burgers were grey - way overcooked and very salty. They also had a house salad with some kind of a ginger dressing - it was ok.  I ordered the Oriental Chicken Salad - which was swimming in dressing and the chicken was also very salty. I couldn't bring myself to eat the greens. I know this is a chain but come on - not good enough.  One positive note was our waiter who was very charming and attentive. He even brought over a brownie with sparklers for my Mom, which was very sweet.  All in all meh. They should serve the dressing on the side, cut down on the salt and not squish the burgers when cooking them (as I suspect) rendering them dry.  I think I owe my Mom another lunch after that one!
3	This was my first time at Madison's.  I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but I will make an exception for this one.  I ordered calamari as my appetizer; it was delicious.  Calamari is a tricky thing and too often I've ordered it only to be greeted by a dish of what has the consistency of rubber tires.  These were very good.  I also ordered the grilled chicken sandwich.  It was tasty and done properly.  I did find that there was a bit too much on my plate - it is advertised as New York style and the serving size did seem to be very American.  A doggy bag was in order.  The service was very good, quick and attentive.
4	Went to Madison's for a beer after work. Beer is the coldest on the West Island. Service excellent. The TV's within the bar are not overwelming like some other places. Have not had the food in the resturant  but the bar food OK.  Would recommend to anyone wanting to have a cold beer and relax after work.
1	Definitely Mediocre:I agree with a previous poster's description of the clam chowder as a starch plate.   We ordered onion rings as an appetizer and it looked and tasted like what you would get a burger king, it obviously came from a freezer bag.  My fries also came from a freezer bag and were limp and rubbery.   I had chicken tenders for lunch, though it appeared to be made in the kitchen, only because I noticed that the batter was terrible.  My colleague had a steak that he described "as not bad but not good".  Interesting....   All in all,l I think I would have been happier either eating at a Burger King or skipping lunch altogether.
