3	it sure beats pizza hut. they embody "california" style when it comes to pizza. think california pizza kitchen with a hint of conservative. their z bbq (aka barbeque pizza) was yummy. they really try to incorporate those zs- bonus points for self promotion & hidden subliminal messages to the human subconscious.
4	Its not offen im in the mood for pizza but this is a great option.  They deliver, it seems healthier than normal pizza (eventhough its prob not), and they have great unique pizza toppings.  Give it a shot...if you like the "california" style pizza you will like "Z"
5	Found this place a couple weeks ago and decided 'why not?'  We weren't disappointed. Ordered and got delivery within 25 mins of the call on a Saturday night at 8pm. We ordered a generic pizza (mushroom and sausage) to test it out along with the bbq chicken salad. It was delicious AND filling plus they weren't shy on the chicken in the salad. We'll definitely try this place again, maybe try a specialty pizza.
4	Here is a place that we love to go with the family...We tend to remortgage the house ever time we visit but hey with the current economic crisis who doesn't???It was a place we went all the time but lately not as often, not because the food isn't excellent but because it is quite pricey. The service is great, Hudson the manager is great, very friendly and always comes to say hello. He knows us by name and enjoys our friendly banter.The pizza is VERY fresh, the place is always immaculate and I've never had a problem with the food. If you are looking for great pizza this is the place, if you are looking for cheap well I'm afraid it isn't. They do have a frequent stamp program and using that will save you a few bucks in the long run.
4	Finally, a pizza place that delivers to the Grayhawk area. Seriously, when I moved here over the summer and was unpacking I was shocked to learn that no one except Domino's delivers to Grayhawk. At all. Now, on my honeymoon in October I was in Giza, Egypt and saw that, if you stand with the Sphinx facing your back, you can see a Pizza Hut. Yes, that is correct, you can get pizza delivered to the Great Pyramids and Sphinx, but not to Grayhawk. But, now we have Zpizza, and it is good. The pizzas range from the usual to more inventive things, such as the Casablanca, which has artichokes. They also feature organic and healthy selections, such as soy or low fat cheese and wheat or gluten free crust. They salads are also fresh and tasty and, while I have not tried them, they also serve sandwiches.Overall, a good pie, wide selection and it delivers!
5	I truly feel like an idiot, I truly do.Spending so much time in California I would have THOUGHT I would have heard of this place but no, I was too focused on Paisanos in Hermosa Beach to actually realize that there were other DELICIOUS pie eateries around. Only until I mosey on into Phoenix and start noticing these places and the always crowded parking lots surrounding them.And, only until my cheap ass is offered a complimentary 14" pizza do I actually try the joint.AWESOME, simply AWESOME!! If your a meat lover, GREAT, if your a cheese lover, GRREEAT, and if you are a veggie lover GRRRRREEEEAAATTT! (That was my Tony the Tiger voice) You won't be disappointed, other than the bill, buy hey, fresh quality stuff is worth the Washington's, even if we are in a recession. Put it this way, you can get the crust baked with Truffle oil for Christ's sake, how BADASS is that??
5	I have officially found my new favorite pizza place in this world.  I'm not huge on pizza most of the time because my stomach doesnt handle all the grease very well, so when I'm handed a pizza thats loaded with toppings and cheese and doesn't come out with that extra 10 pounds of dripping lard on top, I'm a thoroughly pleased little camper.  With multiple locations and online ordering, tons of topping, cheeses, bread and sauce options, this place makes it easy to get a good pie.  Its good to know beforehand that this is not a New York style pizza joint, but more of your artsy eclectic CPK type with fresh flavorful toppings and out-of-the-box combinations.  Gotta haves are the carmelized onions and the sun dried tomatoes, and the feta on top was really good too.In my opinion, this is as close to perfection as it comes with this style of pizza. They are little on the pricey side, but it was well worth it.  I will be going back here for sure, this time getting a large instead of medium to have more cold pizza leftover awesomeness for later!
4	sooo good! all organic ingredients and it tastes absolutely amazing. A little pricey but well worth good pizza!
5	My boyfriend and I go to the location on Hayden frequently, and this has become one of our favorite pizza places around town. The place is always very clean, the staff is super friendly, and the service is relatively quick. If you like traditional pizzas, they have the regulars -- cheese, pepperoni, etc. -- but they also have some really creative ones, such as the Mexican (includes avocados and even sour cream), the Thai (lightly drizzled with peanut sauce), and the Berkeley Vegan.I can only vouch for their pizzas, because that's all we've had so far, but their rusticas and calzones look amazing, and I plan on trying something different each time we visit. Also, I love that the Hayden location offers free delivery and 10 percent off all orders submitted online. I can easily put in an order and pick it up on my way home from work! Voila, dinner!
3	A wonderful local pizzeria.  We ordered a Calzone and a small pizza, both were very good and the side of sause was really tasty.
2	Not my kind of pizza.  I found out after I ate that this is an all natural, organic type of pizza place.  It did tast very fresh, fresh tomatoes and toppings but I like more garlic, oregano, a little more zip in flavor on my pizza.  This was more california (as advertised, I found out later) and I like chicago style so not a good mix.  If you like organic, I bet this is all you so don't let me steer you away.
1	It shocks me that I can get such amazing service one week and exactly one week later get such attitude that I never want to buy from there again (which really sucks since I'm a vegan and they are the only place I know of to get vegan cheese on pizza). One week ago I called and they were friendly and they gave me a 2 for Tuesday deal (automatically if I ordered online) and delivered to my apartment! This time I placed my order online & received a phone call stating that they didn't deliver to my area so I asked (mostly just because I was confused) about how they delivered here last week. I was placed on hold and he came back to say they could do it but said it was a busy night and to call and check first next time - which I was fine with. I wasn't rude or anything. I would have even been fine if they would have told me that they could not deliver tonight. What made me mad was the attitude... Then when they came to my door, they said (same bad attitude) "I was told to let you know that we will no longer deliver here in the future since it is out of our delivery area"... And handed me a receipt with NO 2 for Tuesday discount... First of all I asked TWO different times and BOTH girls told me I was in the delivery area and they JUST told me to call first next time & I wasn't rude or mean or anything... I'm fine with driving to them on their busy nights, ya know? Secondly, no 2 for Tuesday discount? So I feel like I got punished for something I wasn't even a jerk about...I'm so mad I've actually decided to either go to Green for my pizza needs, find some good frozen Amy's, or just get stuff to make my own... Never getting Z's again... At least not this location.
2	Just an update real quick. I did email ZPizza about my experience yesterday... They have already responded and stated they would be speaking to the manager at the Scottsdale store about my experience & about the rude delivery driver. I was also asked for my mailing address for some certificates to make up for the service, which I told him I'd be more than happy to use... As long as I can use them at a different location.I have to admit that made me a lot less angry about the whole situation because they didn't have to do that... So that DOES say something for the company in that they actually care about customers being happy enough to return for them. I thanked him and told him that their pizza really is the best. Bumped it up a star (for this location) due to the company being sympathetic to my disappointing evening.
5	I was visiting Scottsdale this past weekend and looked up a couple places with vegan food.  I was very excited to find out that zpizza offered vegan cheese.  I was extra excited that there was a restaurant.com gift certificate available for $25 off $50.  It sounds like a lot to spend, but if you get 2 pizzas and a salad, it's about that much.  We got a vegan cheese w/ artichoke, mushroom, and olives and a ZBQ for the meat eaters.  Also got a salad w/ balsamic and the hummus platter.  Everything was very good and everyone who took part in this meal was very satisfied.  I'd highly recommend giving it a try.
5	First of all, the pizza and salads at this place are great.  Very innovative, fresh and they just taste really good.  I've read some of the other reviews and they talk about it all being healthy/organic, which is true, but they have the run of the mill stuff too.  The biggest reason for my 5-star review though is that we always get tremendous service when we go here.  A while ago we were there and they had just put a wonderful looking pizza on our table...we coudn't wait to tear into it.  Then my 2 year old kicked the table really hard and the pizza fell on the ground.  Inside of about 3 seconds they came up and helped clean it up, and then put another one in the oven for us at no charge.  We didn't even get an ounce of crap from them about it!  I was very, very impressed and we now make this place part of our routine when we can because of it.  The fantastic pizza and salads are just a bonus, as far as I'm conerned!
1	In keeping with my promis to only review places that deserve 1 or 5 stars, here is a 1. This places blows... Is "organic" code for "shitty"? Seriously frozen pizza is better than this place.... undercooked dough, bland sauce... eesh....
5	Had delivery from this location multiple times. The pizza isn't lets say cheap, but with the quality ingredients it's worth it! Kind of like the Whole foods of delivery. They also have sandwiches, salads, and etc... I can't help it though with rustic pizza's and a choice of whole wheat crust I've been stuck on the pizza and I don't want to share! Next time I'm doing half and half because it's so hard to pick just one.Easy online ordering is awesome! I also want to say the woman who has delivered a couple times seems sooo happy. It's really nice. It makes me want to apply for a job, so that I can be happy too. :)
2	Overpriced, boring and dry! Need I say more!
4	Very good pizza slices.
1	Let's just say that if I could give less than one star I would.  I had ordered here once before and it took them 1 1/2 hours to deliver.They had given us the pizza for freeso  I decided to give them a second shot.  I ordered on a Tuesday night (not like a Friday or Saturday) and after over an hour I called them back and they stated that they couldn't find my address (keep in mind they had delivered to me before) and I live near major landmarks that any GPS can find.  Then afterI called and  read them the riot they said that I was out of their delivery area, but they were going to go out of their way and bring it to me.  As I am sitting here over 2 1/2 hours has gone by and STILL no pizza.  Neddless to say, I will not be ordering from here again.
3	Went to Z Pizza with a vegan friend hoping to find something on the menu she could eat.  She found what she was looking for and so did I.  I like a good thin crust pizza & this place fits the bill. I like this place but I have had better pizza in restaurants with nicer atmosphere and better prices.  One thing those places usually don't have is vegan options or unique ingredient choices.  Z pizza is worth a try if your curious but I'm not so impressed that I will go back often.
5	Amazing variety of pizza. Very good crust, creative toppings. Totally worth the price. More like CPK than Papa Johns. Go for speciality pizzas, not just cheese and pepperoni. Only been once, but highly recommend the Thai Chicken and Mexican Pizzas.Customer service is wonderful! Very nice staff!
4	I went to Z-pizza with a groupon now coupon the other day and was very impressed. I got the Berkley vegan pizza and it was truly a GREAT vegan pizza. All of their pizza smelled so good and I am now IN LOVE with their wheat crust (they also offer gluten-free crust). This place is a must-try for any vegan or non-veg pizza lover.I will definitely be back!!!
4	We've done Zpizza with a few groupons so I've had the opportunity to taste the mexican, italian, santa fe, thai, and a few of our own concoctions.  I love the different sauces you can choose from - the chipotle pesto is surprisingly not spicy, but instead extremely flavorful and my favorite. My other favorite is the garlic sauce.  They seem to be skimpy on sauce and I don't even like much sauce on my pizza to begin with so extra sauce might be a plus.The one thing I struggle with is the "ambiance."  If you're looking for just a great pizza that offers unique combos, flavors and even gluten-free varieties, its the way to go.  But, the store is what it is... a small pizza place with a few tables and lack-luster atmosphere.  I suggest pick up or delivery.  But. all aside, still one of my favorite pizzas around!
4	Usually, when a storefront or restaurant has signage that it is "Under New Management" I run. However, a growling stomach and a few minutes to kill before an appointment next door, I decided to try Z Pizza. When I walked in the door, I saw a turn table, of sorts, with several pizza's in it, and was even more wary. I looked at the menu, and decided to order a couple of slices of pepperoni, and a drink. Guess what? It was REALLY GOOD PIZZA! The crust was super thin (which I love) and the cheese gooey and yummy! There wasn't a lot of grease oozing from the slices, and the flavor was downright fabulous! This place as "healthy" pizza (ordinarily, another red flag for me...I don't want healthy pizza!) in that their sauce is organic, and they use gluten-free whatever-it-is in their crust. I would definitely go back for more!
1	First and last time to this Pizza place!  Decided to eat here because they offered a Groupon (first and last time for that too I think).  The service was terrible (run by teenage girls) and the food was worse.  We ordered the Santa Fe Pizza and a Pear and Gorgonzola salad with chicken.  The Pizza was so greasy we couldn't eat it and when they bought out the salad the chicken was FROZEN, it seems the cook forgot to microwave it prior to dumping it on top of the salad.  Just a complete disappointment all around.
1	We had high hopes for Zpizza.  I loved their selection of pizza combos, crusts, and toppings - and then I tried the pizza....Bland, cheap with toppings, metallic sauce - no wonder they offer so many combinations, they're hoping you find one that doesn't suck.  Droopy, soggy crust too - maybe they should worry less about their website and more about their food.  The kicker tonight was to find out that they don't deliver their mediocre pizza outside of three miles.  This means they don't deliver to most of DC Ranch and none of McDowell Mountain Ranch or Windgate Ranch - genius.
5	Great pizza. All organic. Tastes great and even offers.wheat. dough. Very reasonable prices too.
5	where did you go?? we will miss you greatly z pizza!!
3	This was one of my favorite places to get take out pizza and salad from on a weekly basis.  Unfortunately, it looks like they have closed their doors.  I have tried calling for the past week and no one answers the phone.  I finally drove past the location and there is a note on the door stating they did not fulfill their rent payments.  I am only giving this place a 3 star because of utter disappointment, otherwise the food earns 5 stars!The Gluten Free cheese pizza was the best gluten free pizza I had ever tasted.  They used a thin rice crust with organic tomato sauce and low fat mozzarella cheese.  The place was small inside and lacked much ambiance, but made for a great delivery/ to-go restaurant.  I will miss you Z Pizza!
2	My wife and I love Zpizza and visited this location for the first time tonight. It was about 6pm and the place was completely empty. We placed our order and I proceeded to get a drink from the soda machine. The dr pepper was empty and was told that they were out but that was after I heard what appeared to be the owner saying " I dont even know how to work this thing".  The pizza took longer than usual to make and it appeared that this was mostly a delivery takeout location. The door said new ownership and it appeared that they have no idea how to run a restaurant.  Some younger teenage/college age kids came in and were helping out behind the counter but they were dressed in tank tops and very short shorts which didn't seem terribly sanitary.  There was some preprinted displays on the table with some information about giving feedback online . We asked a young scantily clad girl behind the counter about the displays but she was obviously clueless about what we were talking about and said as much .... We will only order takeout from now on but I think the health department needs to do some training because no one wants to see some gym rat looking young guy handling food while his underarm hair is showing !!  Food is great but otherwise they need serious help !
