5	I never expected to be hooked on this place -I usually prefer gelato or ice cream, but after trying several topping combos at the Paradise store and now in Henderson, I really am hooked.The store has a modern feel to it, with comfortable seating and minimalistic decor.  There are three basic choices - original frozen yogurt, green tea or swirl.Your choices for toppings range from fresh or dried fruit and cereal.  I personally love the texture combination of the mochi (absolutely a must have topping) and at least one fresh fruit, usually mango or watermelon, but occasionally I like to add the fruity pebbles for crunch.Here's a tip - don't stir your fruit into the yogurt the way I did the first time.  It freezes quickly and gets icy.  Just leave it on top and everything is great.  Despite all of their claims, I don't really consider this a healthy treat, but it is certainly lighter than many quick snack alternatives.
5	I love frozen yogurt! Ever since I had Pinkberry for the first time in LA, I have cravings for it. It was a surprise to find out that they opened a Red Mango very close to where I lived. I was able to meet the financer/co-owner of the business in the same plaza at the Island BBQ restaurant. She explained to me that the yogurt actually met the National Yogurt Association criteria for live and active yogurt (which Pinkberry doesn't), which got me more interested as I am looking to eat healthier snacks.There are two main flavors: green tea and original. These two can also be swirled. There are many toppings to choose from: cereal, fruits, mochi, etc. Btw, the mochi is shipped from LA's Japantown. I personally like all the berries with my green tea yogurt. The yogurt is a lot more creamy than Pinkberry (has a more icy taste), and has a more of a "tart" taste to it. I have had many frozen yogurt knock offs, which tasted sour, but Red Mango tastes like real yogurt.The place features a booth where you can listen to your ipod while you eat the yogurt. The owner explained to me that very soon they will have internet access to the place, which may make it a great place to study or chill with friends.Also, I was able to grab the nutrional facts for the yogurt:1/2 cup (small size); appx. servings per container: small =1, medium =2, large=3Calories: 90; 0 sat fat, 0 trans fatCholesterol: 0 mgSodium 130 mgPotassium 260 mgTotal Carb: 19 gDietary Fiber 0 gSugars 15 gProtein 3 gVit A: 2 %Calcium 10%Thiamin 6%Vitamin B12 6%Selenium 4%Vitamin C 0%Iron 0%Riboflavin 6%Iodine 4%As for the price, unlike Pinkberry's large with 3 toppings can reach $10, Red Mango's large only reaches about $7-8 with three toppings. Each topping there is $1 (3 toppings: $1.50). There are three different sizes: Small, Medium, Large.I would definitely recommend this place. Maybe you'll see me there sometime (I go practically every week!).
3	I changed my mind about Pinkberry because I recently tasted it with the rice cake and fell in love with the chewy consistency.  I was pretty excited about the opening of Red Mango near my house, since I heard that the yogurt was much better.  Its true, the yogurt is much creamier and it tasted pretty good BUT... the rice cake was a bit stale.  In my eyes, the rice cake is what MAKES this yogurt.  I rated it a 3 but will give it another try soon.  Hopefully there's chewy rice cake in my future.
4	Rachel D is always here...she practically lives here! On most occassions, i am alongside her! Heehee! Anyway, I love how close it is to our house...no need to drive all the way to Paradise! Their yogurt is a lot creamier than the other fro-yos around!  Green tea yogurt...dammit...now i'm craving!!
2	I don't get it .... after dullsville dinner at white chocolate grill, let the niece's decide on dessert choice - keep in mind in this shopping center there are 4-5 choices for dessert including wcg.  they opted for red mango.2 yogurt selections - plain and green tea - both opted for plain ( i decided to get gelato at la goloista ( sp )  one tried it with blackberry the other had watermelon....i tried both ....just not my thing !!
5	I love Red Mango!  It is the best quality frozen yogurt around.  I prefer the plain flavor to the green tea and enjoy topping it with berries, dried coconut and mochi squares.  It is heavenly.  The taste is very refreshing.  If you like places like Golden Spoon; which I abhor, you probably won't like this place.  This is not that kind of frozen yogurt.
5	This is my favorite tart yogurt. The original flavor with mochi, raspberries and almonds is my favorite. YUM!The green tea here is better than Pinkberry's but, I still like the original better.The staff here is friendly and I love that this particular shopping mall has 3- yes THREE- ice cream/ frozen yogurt shops. So you can dessert hop your way through the strip mall!
5	Oh Red Mango, let me count the ways...I can't believe I didn't hop on this bandwagon a few years ago when Pinkberry was oh so popular.  Ok, well I generally stay away from things that the masses are in like with, but anyway...I love Red Mango for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  I love it every day of the week.  I love it Tart with mangos & strawberries.'Nuff said!
4	I love Red Mango!!! I've been to both locations, and I just love it! I usually get the original with granola, chocolate chips, and raspberries...MMM MMM GOOD!
3	If you're a Red Mango lover, definitely hit up the location on Eastern cause they'll hook it up with their portions, on the other hand, the location on Paradise is super shady.  They only have two flavors: green tea and tart but they're both reallyyyy good.
5	This was my first visit to Red Mango, and definitely not my last. I came pretty late in the evening, so it was pretty empty, actually I was the only one there, which was nice. I was offered samples of all 3 flavors, yes I said 3 cause they have a new one, pomegranate, made with REAL Pom juice. The yogurt here far surpasses any yogurt place I have been to. The plain was so perfect, just creamy and rich, not to icy. The green tea was good, a little too earthy for my taste, but good. The pomegranate was also very good, just the right amount of tartness. I chose the plain with strawberries and kiwi, a small, since it was so late. I regretted it not even 10 minutes later, because it was all gone! Now my only problem is there isn't a Red Mango near me. I guess I'll just have to make sure and stop in when I'm in town. The staff was super nice, very informative and knowledgeable about their product.  Stop in and taste what all the other places should taste like!!
5	I HEART this place. I was never huge on frozen yogurt, although I'd occasionally get my kicks from Golden Spoon. I actually tried Pinkberry, the more overhyped and overrated version of Red Mango and was not a fan, so I was mildly skeptical when I first stepped foot into Red Mango. However, their froyo is yummy! I even liked the green tea flavor, which tasted like cardboard at Pinkberry. Sometimes I'll get the extra large size and skip two meals in the day...hey, at least it's healthy with fruit on top!If a place like Pinkberry turned you off, go to Red Mango! It will change your mind, I swear. :)
5	If you like great service and an even better all natural yogert this is the place be!  Be Warned... Red Mangot's relaxing environment can become highly addictive and you might find yourself there daily.
5	I am thrilled that we found this place. Not only is the frozen yogurt 100% natural and healthy (important to me as a parent), it's 100% tasty as well.  (important to my son)I appreciate the fact that the store is always clean and the service is outstanding. I also like that the fruit is cut fresh daily in neat little appetizing bites.  Not to hate on other frozen yogurt places (*cough* U-Swirl *cough*), but take a look at the fruit presentation and compare to this Red Mango. It just looks better here. My picky 8-year old always wants to go here for dessert. I don't mind since everything here is all-natural.  I'm starting to notice that I actually have to wait in line to be served lately. So do yourself a favor and check this place out before more people find this hidden gem.
4	Is right next to Fado.  I'd heard about Red Mango, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I had the green tea with mochi on it.  It was good--just not as to-die-for good as the Taro yogurt at Queen Yogurt on Spring Mountain.
5	Since I am a fan and somewhat addicted to Red Mango, so it's only natural I check out the Las Vegas Red Mango location during my trip there.  Compared to the other froyo places, Red Mango has the most creamy and delicious yogurt around.  They also take pride in having fresh fruit to add as toppings.  Out of the three different flavors they offer (Original, Green Tea, and Pomegranate), Original is my favorite. Add some mochi and blueberries and you got yourself a winner.  I've also tried the Pomegranate flavor and it's pretty good as well.The owner at this location seemed really cool and down to earth.  She was really nice and defiantly hooked it up with the toppings.  The portions were extremely generous.  I haven't checked out any other froyo place during my trip in Vegas, but seriously is there a need? Didn't think so. Summary: Best froyo shop around!
5	This place is awesome.  Very tasty, but it's super healthy.  Way better than the other frozen yogurt places that add artificial colors and flavors.  This is all natural.Personally I love the original, but you must try the pomegranate too.Also excellent service and a cool staff.
5	Cherry when they have it!!!!!!!, plain with pineapple is awesome. the owner is super nice and tries to get as much organic fruit each day that she can, had the acqui berry last time and that was good too.
5	I LOOOOOVE YOU RED MANGO!!!Hands down my favorite yogurt place! Ever since I moved to NorCal, I've been missing my red mango and look forward to trips back home or to Vegas to fulfill my craving. Their yogurt is so creamy and not too tart. I also love the teeny tiny Ghiradelli choco chips. So cute! The previous time I came to this location though, the chocolate chips had kind of melted and congealed into clumps. Must have been the 100+ degree weather. Even then it was super good and kicked Pinkberry's ass!
5	I love this place my boyfriend hates it. If you don't like the real yogurt taste you wont like it because its real yogurt. it is a little bitter/sour but it is the best real frozen yogurt around. the girls are very nice as well i used to go during lunch a couple times a week in the summer and they would give me a larger size at no charge always very friendly, great toppings healthy fresh fruit. gotta go try it def worth a shot
5	Man, this place is amazing.. what more can I say?  chopped fruit placed in some really tasty frozen yogurt....   What a great concept.
5	I love fro yo and I now love Red Mango! It is hands down the best I have had of tart yogurt-ever. Those are some big shoes to fill, and they do it with expertise and style. The women behind the counter today were uber friendly and offered a sample of watermelon and tart-YUM!!!They offer an extremely bold tart flavor with a thick and creamy texture. It is the perfect balance of creamy goodness and tart fresh yogurt.The only bad part of eating here is there is not one closer to me and now I feel spoiled. :(
1	Red Mango is my favorite place in the whole world to get frozen yogurt.  It's the best tasting, and after doing much research, it's probably the highest quality frozen yogurt you can buy.  That said, this poor review is for this location in particular - NOT Red Mango.Rewind 4 months ago...  I lived in North Las Vegas for a while, and this location is in Henderson Valley.. that's a 40 minute drive!  But hey, I'm from California (the froyo capital of the world) and being that this is the only Red Mango around for 700 miles, sometimes that's just what I gotta do to satisfy the yogurt itch.  So I make the 40 minute trek over, 11:15am - lights off , doors locked, and no sign of anybody!  They're supposed to open at 11am!  I sit in my car for 10 minutes, still nothing, very disappointed, I leave.I decided to come back after a couple of weeks.  I show up at 11:30am.  Same deal.  Ok, I'm starting to think this place went out of business.I came back again earlier this month, just to see whats up with this place.  This time at noon.  Finally they're open! I saw a new sign on the door stating that beginning June 1st, the new hours will be from 11:30am - 11pm.  Like they ever opened on time anyway!Other than the time issue, their product is very inconsistent.  Sometimes its super soft and melts quickly, sometimes runny, and sometimes icy.  The owner approached me once asking how the yogurt was while I was eating it.. I said it was fine, then she started blabbing my freakin' ear off about how she had to have the machines re-calibrated that morning... she did it herself etc etc.. then she somehow got into talking about how she acquired the business... how much cash reserves she needed - which was not a problem at all... blah blah blah... I do feel bad because I think she's nice, but lady, I don't need to know all this, very distasteful! Also, in California the prices are (S) 2.50 (M) 3.50 (L) 4.50.   This location likes to charge (S) 3.50 (M) 4.50) and (L) 6.50.  They also charge sales tax even if you order to go.  I asked the person who rung me up why she charged me tax if it was to go, she said it's the same price for everything.  I just looked up Nevada sales tax laws, and to go orders are supposed to be exempt.Have no intention ever coming back!
5	This place serves the best and creamiest Frozen Yogurt . EVER.
5	I have a tendency to steer clear of yogurt because it is either too sweet or just not that great. I took an adventurous drive from northwest las vegas down to Henderson with my brother just to try this place.  It was well worth the trip. Not only is the decor inviting and refreshing, but the staff is friendly and helpful.  They have four yogurt flavors, keeping the choices limited, but don't let that fool you. The original, pom, tango and green tea are all you need because their toppings are abundant. They have fresh fruits, cerelas, and either white or mini dark chocolate chips. You can also add in protein pwoder. They have great tasting teas as well that are worth a try. With a choice of blended or cupped yogurt, you can make a meal out of their gluten-free, kosher yogurt.  If you prefer the sugary yogurt nd not theslightly tangy, real yogurt, don't expect to like it. But if you love the organic, fresh, real, and healthy treats, take a trip down to Henderson. It is well worth the drive.
4	O.K. I'm not the biggest fan of frozen yogurt. That being said these guys are pretty cool. Most fruit toppings are organic and tasty. They try and get a little tight from time to time just egg them on you'll get more.My family love this place and if yogurt is just not your thin there is a Coldstone right next door.
4	Really rich (yet healthy) frozen yogurt. Not a whole lot of flavors to choose from (the only reason it's not 5 stars), but the ones they have are good. Plus it's the toppings that really make it. A bit on the expensive side, but definitely worth visiting.
5	I Love The Frozen Yogurt here :D I've been to U-swirl and the original is by far better at red mango than there. U-Swirl might have many more flavors but I think the quality is better at red mango. The new Cocoa flavor is pretty delicious too :D All in all it was great. Definitely coming back again :)
4	I really enjoyed their frozen yogurt. It has that slightly tart taste that reminds you that it is in fact yogurt whereas most places have yogurt that tastes more like ice cream (not that that's a bad thing).
2	Every time I've gone to Red Mango, I have had a bad experience. Their mochi is always hard and the fruit is never really fresh. The flavor of the yogurt is also mediocre. I highly recommend Cefiore. You can taste quality in their frozen yogurt, and I'm all about quality! The prices are also very reasonable as well.
4	Red Mango is our favorite frozen yogurt place in the WORLD. With a frozen yogurt store opening every 3 feet, it's a tough world out there for frozen yogurt. Somehow, Red Mango (this particular location) stands out. We love the pomegranate and original swirl and during mango season I order a TRIPLE order of mango toppings. Yummmilicious....some serious summer goodness right there. Healthy and low fat to boot! The yogurt at Red Mango tastes very fresh. If you look at the ingredient listing, there's no weird unpronounceable additions and everything in it seems necessary. That's a mark of quality food. The fresh fruit toppings are actually fresh fruit. No frozen Costco packages thawing here. It's actual fresh cut fruit. My experience with their mangoes is enough to bring me back. When I first discovered this place, I literally came here EVERY NIGHT for 2 months straight!They have a variety of flavors that change everyday. Just because I am a creature of habit does not mean that you guys can't go crazy and try their green tea, tangonium (?), coffee etc flavors that they come up with. They are so generous with letting you try the flavors before you make your decision so you can be confident with your choice. This is really important especially when spending about 5 bucks on a medium frozen yogurt. Which brings me to the only negative about Red Mango. The price. I wish it were cheaper. I've tried to wean myself off Red Mango and start frequenting cheaper establishments like Yogurtland and Golden Spoon. Alas....my greedy tongue leads me back to Red Mango for that pure taste and those amazing REAL toppings. I then have to say that their yogurt might just be worth their price.
5	After eating at Applebees, we walked around Kmart that was in the same plaza as Applebees. Shortly after that, my friend and her son went there way. My son and I were driving down Eastern and I decided to stop at Red Mango. It wasn't busy, but the employees were friendly. My son and I tasted the pomegranate yogurt before deciding what to get. I was good. So each of us ordered our yogurts. My son got a medium cup of pomegranate yogurt with chocolate chips added as the topping. I ordered a medium size cup of pomegranate yogurt with just about every fruit topping they had. The gentleman that was helping us realized because I wanted all the fruits; it was not going to fit in the cup. So he filled the cup with the yogurt and three toppings which were mango, pineapple, and blueberries. Then he put in a separate cup the rest of the fruits such as raspberries, black berries, watermelon, strawberries, kiwi, and tangerines. He asked if I wanted a third cup to had the grapefruit and bananas! I told him that it was ok and not necessary for the bananas and grapefruit since I had so much. My son ended up eating the watermelon and I kept adding the fruits to my cup as I was eating more and more out of the cup. As we were eating, I took some pics, and heard someone talking about yelp. One lady was talking to another about yelp... It turns out that she was the owner. Thanks Chi (I hope I spelt it correctly, if not I AM TRULY SORRY). She said that a few other yelpers had called her in the past, but she really never responded. We talked for a little bit as we was giving some tips to my son about businesses and about life. We had a nice time sitting inside chatting and enjoying the friendly environment. In the end, we now have to favorite yogurt spots and Red Mango is definitely one of them. Thanks, Chi.  Pics are coming.
5	Red Mango is my favorite frozen yogurt joint in the valley. It is so fresh and healthy! I love the pomegrante yogurt topped with strawberries and mangos. Mmmm! Even with all the serve yourself yogurt places like Yogurtland up the road and Yogel's in the same business complex, I still would choose Red Mango over those places. Red Mango's yogurt is just so refreshing! It tastes very fresh and delicious. The decor inside is very modern and looks like a cool place to hang out. I usually get my yogurt to go since I'm usually on my way to work or getting an after work treat.I really should try the other yogurts they offer.. but man, that pomegranate yogurt has my heart!!
5	Quick Summary: Best of the Best Fro-Yo in all of Las Vegas, and healthier too!From the outside, Red Mango kind of blends in with everything else at the large strip mall. I have actually driven past it several times, without even knowing it was there. Hence the much long overdue visitation. But I am glad I finally was able to try their healthier made from 100% all-natural ingredients, with GanedenBC30 (tm) probiotics and none of that artificial sweeteners, not to mention certified gluten-free! frozen yogurts. So healthy and nutritious food, assuming consumption in moderation, is a check!They may not have the 12+ flavors offered at other local fro-yo shops, but they feature 3 full time flavors (Original, Pomegranate, Madagascar Vanilla) and another flavor that is on a weekly rotation.  "Today's" flavor happened to be Key Lime, and I thought it was just okay.  But the other samples, given that it was my first ever visit to any Red Mango and the well informed/trained staff behind the counter have given me, were all very good.  I especially liked the Original (which is slightly sweet and tangy, just like its menu description) and the Madagascar Vanilla, so that was the two flavors I ordered in a large cup and topped it with mochi and fresh raspberries. Price tag $8.05 ($5.95 + (2x$0.75) + tax) + tip.  And you get a pretty hefty cup of delicious frozen yogurt to enjoy quickly, before it melts into a watery puddle. Price-wise, I am not sure if it costs more or less per ounce compared to the other build your own fro-yo competitors that charges by the ounces. I am guessing with each toppings at $0.75 extra, it can add up rather quickly.  But they do advertise that they use 100% natural ingredients and not the powdered mix often used in other shops, and you can rally taste the difference.  I think it is worth the premium, but you can try it yourself and make an informed decision afterwards. So receiving positive value for price paid is yes!The interior of the shop was mostly decorated in a bright white and a darker shade of red, even the tables and chairs matches this color scheme.  And they have fresh flowers in vases on the tables.  The middle of the seating area also has nice comfy (brown) couches for you to sit and relax as long as you care to stay in Red Mango.  They don't have much of a reading library, just some Porche magazines. Nice interior decorating sensibility and application. Check!While I was there, I only interacted with one friendly staff at the counter. She didn't look like what I would imagine the owner, Chi, to look like, but she was still very well informed about the yogurt products. So friendly, courteous service provided by a knowledgeable and well trained staff. Check!Location.  A little far from me, but it is close to some of my favorite restaurants and dessert places around Las Vegas, so I will just have to make the most of my expeditions to the SE part of town.  And it is located in what I considered a nice strip mall with a lot of bustling businesses.So overall a 5 stars Yelp review from this budding frozen yogurt connoisseur.And just in case you care to know a little more about the ingredients in some of the foods we eat, here is a little something on vanilla. Pastry chefs, bakers and those in the food industry have been told countless times that the best vanilla comes from Madagascar. And over there it is mostly the Vanilla Planifolia subspecie of vanilla originally cultivated by the Pre-Columbian Mesoamerican that is commercially grown.  But is "Madagascar-Bourbon" vanilla the best because of the quality of the product or the fact that Madagascar is now responsible for 97% of the world's vanilla bean production?  I have no idea what the answer is, but I do know that vanilla is the second most expensive spice after saffron. And real vanilla is worth the price compared to the imitations that are cheaper.
2	Goodness gracious...I needed some fro-yo and some hand picked toppings. Saw the Red Mango sign and damn...I was ready! Now, not all Red Mango's are not the same. I am use to my Red Mango where you get eight flavors to choose from, choose how much you want to put in your cup and pick your own toppings. No self serve here:( So, I watched as the girl put more yogurt than I asked her to. I couldn't believe each topping was .75. I watched as she meticulously put each blackberry on one through six. Then she honored my request of mochi balls and dumped a spoonful on top. I guess I like the experience of getting exactly what I want, measuring it out myself, weighing it and paying for it. Yes, I know, I could have gone elsewhere but it's all good. Red Mango is some delicious fro-YO! Perfect stop to chill and cool off after being in the Vegas heat.
5	Healthy treat that tastes great!!!!
5	For as long as i've discovered frozen yog', i love indulging in the weirdest and tastiest of combos from toppings. My friend that lived near Henderson, told me about Red Mango, and I thought, "why travel 20 miles when I have other yogurt shack near me" I live in Summerlin. One night I happened to be down the street from RM and decided to try. So upon walking in, I was super excited about the design inside. Sick. Nice booths, they have actual fresh flowers in vases. Noteworthy. So then I tried the original yogurt flavor with the organic granola, graham crackers, and fresh blueberries. Sidenote:   They serve for you so it's not open bar. One bite. Warning, corny thoughts. I sort of had a moment of bliss. All corniness aside, it was Orrrgasmic. In that moment I knew why my friend love red mango so much. If i can transform these 5 full stars into 5 blue giants, so be it, because even real yogurt is noteworthy, probiotics. If you ever feel sick, think of red mango over soup. P.s. I met the manager, she's awesome, if you invite her, she'll sit with you and have a cool conversation about anything.
5	I thought I had died and landed in PinkBerry heaven.By far the best frozen yogurt in town.  The vanilla is the perfect amount of sour/tartness that is nearly impossible to find.Since this was my first visit, I chose the vanilla with the specialty seasonal pumpkin spice - and it was soooooooo good.Caution:  If you are one of those people who prefer more sweet (not tangy) frozen yogurt, you will probably not like their mix.  But if you are like me, and enjoy that kind of tart style, this is the place for you.
5	Red Mango gives Yogurtland a run for its money. By far one of my favorite yogurt places to go, the quality and taste of their yogurt exceeds that of Yogurtland by twofold. Their flavors are the kind that are bursting and leave you wanting to indulge more. Fresh, fresh fruit and toppings!Wish there was one located on the west side of town, but the occasional commute makes it worthwhile!
5	there is no better yogurt.
5	If you have an inclination for minimalism and deconstructed, organic, gluten-free cuisine, this will likely be one of the most satisfying, refreshing treats you've ever spooned in. I stick with the same toppings on vanilla: mango, strawberry and blueberries.
5	I absolutely LOVE Red Mango!  I've been preaching this place since I found it.  I'm not a fan of any of the other yogurt places about, but this place...delicious!  I love the original and the Acai or Pom or usually their seasonal.  KEYLIME (seasonal) IS DELICIOUS.  PUMPKIN (seasonal) IS DELICIOUS.  I usually get those in blended form with yogurt chips and graham so it's like drinking a keylime pie or a pumpkin pie.  I usually just get mochi topping on anything I get.  Prices are..fair, I'd say.  It just tastes better.  Not per ounce like other places, it's size (and portions are nice despite the size), and I think you get two toppings with the size.  I'm not absolutely sure, don't quote me.
3	Pretty generic yogurt place - reminds me of every other place I've ever been, with the exception of the pomegranate yogurt.  YUM!  A flavor I've never had before and definitely an awesome one!  It's pretty far from our house so my likelyhood of returning is pretty slim but if you're in the area it's worth a trip.
2	The service here is not great and their prices are not competitive to their competition.
5	Place is amazing!  Try the mango ice tea too!  Really refreshing.
5	I love this place! clean, friendly & great taste every time. Staff is very pleasant and welcoming. Mango mochi was awesome what a treat today :)
5	as far as frozen yogurt goes, this place is the best quality i have found.  it is a little more pricey then most of the places around, but the yogurt and the fruit toppings just seem to be of such better quality.
4	Now this is what I'm talking about!  If you're going to eat frozen yogurt instead of a big piece of chocolate cake (c'mon, you know that's what you really want), red mango is about as good as it gets.  The original tart is delightful.  It is rich and flavorful and unique compared to other fro-yo equivalents in the area.  It tastes like yogurt, and that is not an insult.  It's substantive, and almost creamy, and - at least in my experiences - never runny like you often encounter with some of the self-serve options.  I've generally had really good experiences with the staff.  They're generally quite friendly and patient when I'm asking for samples.My favorite combo: original flavor with dark chocolate chips and strawberry.  My second favorite flavor is pomegranate.  However, I like the original enough that it's rarely worth it to me to pay more for a specialty flavor.  To me, Red Mango is the Greek yogurt equivalent among the typical Dannon and Yoplait retailers.
5	Best smoothie in vegas!
5	The quality is excellent and the fruit is always fresh. This place may not offer a variety of flavors and may be priced higher than competing yogurt places but you can't beat the quality. 100% natural, nonfat, no artificial sweetners, certified gluten free.
1	Extremely rude girl working here last Friday afternoon - tons of attitude.  When I asked if she could look up my Club Mango balance by my name or phone number, she said no, we had to have the physical card.  Well, since I've been a Club Mango member for years, I no longer have the card and have NEVER had a problem with this at any Red Mango in California.  We walked out without making any purchase because of her rudeness.Looking at other Yelpers' reviews, seems like we're not the only folks to get that attitude - shocked at Lee F's comments!
4	Yeah, I'm a fan. It's a small, nice place. On the day I went, there were four frozen yogurt offerings. And they had me at one word - coconut. I am a fan of just about anything coconut, so clearly that flavor was the choice for me. For toppings, they had lots of fruit offerings, but they also had Fruity Pebbles. Oh yeah. And it was oh-so-fab with the coconut. And I couldn't resist getting a pomegranate lemonade to wash it all down. This is not a bargain place, but not too bad price-wise. Just under $7 for the fro-yo and lemonade. And oh yeah, it's supposedly all healthy and whatnot too. But for me, I just care that it was yummy.
5	It is nice to talk with someone who is passionate about what they do and presents only the best to the public. Out to provide a frozen yogurt option that is more  healthy and excludes all the artificial preservatives that other places supplement into their products, Red Mango is tarter and lighter than its competitors. I had eaten a plate of Vietnamese broken rice at home before going to met a friend, but still felt like getting something sweet. I settled on the Mixed Berry Parfait. The owner shocked me when she was making it because she started with a heaping scoopful of strawberries, followed by my choice of frozen yogurt, a sprinkling of granola, tons of fresh blueberries, even more strawberries, banana slices, more yogurt and then topped with more granola. This generous portion cost me $4.86 or something. I usually avoid heavy fillers at the stores that weigh by the ounce because it would cost me an arm and a leg for something jammed pack with fruits. Not here, their benevolent attitude towards giving you your moneys worth is almost unheard of now a days. Their granola, for instances, is not the cheap, sugar clumped, overtly sweet saboteur that is commonly placed in topping bars. The loose grains, pumpkin, and flax seeds are packed with nutritional goodness. Th best part was that my parfait was only around 280 for all that. Red Mango is another place that list caloric values.If you possess any allergens, come leaf through the booklet that they have sitting on the table. All the ingredients are listed out in there. For those who have a soy allergy, the only flavor that is off limits are their chocolate based ones.
5	Yes, yes, yes!!!Okay this is REAL frozen yogurt. Don't get me wrong. I really like U-Swirl and Golden Spoon, but they are a whole different category. If you like the tart yogurts you can get at the other places, you'll love this stuff. It's natural and I believe organic as well. The don't have a billion flavors like everyone else and it isn't self serve. They do have a variety of toppings, and they can also make you a custom parfait and smoothies.My favorite flavor is peach with graham cracker crumbs and fresh strawberry. It's truly orgasmic.They used to have frozen hot chocolate that you could add fruit too, which I also adored, but no more.It's a bit pricey, but it's okay to treat yourself every so often.
5	Great place! Everything is clean and fresh. Owner is informative to speak with.
5	Can I get a high five for Red Mango?! This place is so casual yet classy and chic. The yogurt makes me tingle.... hehe... it contains so many probiotics, vitamins, and calcium, who knew stuff this good can be so healthy for you! Okay I know this may be a weird combination, but everytime I come here, I only get one thing... the original yogurt with watermelon. YUP!!! May sound weird but trust me its so refreshing. The sour/ tart/ coldness of the yogurt & the crunchy, crisp, juicy taste of the watermelon is a perfect combination... pleasing to the eyes and the mouth ; ) O yea & if you have time to sit and chat, the owner, Chi is such an awesome person. Conversations you have with her will top off your whole Red Mango experience!
5	Don't even get me started!  I absolutely LOVE Red Mango.  BUT not just ANY Red Mango.  It has to be this location. Why?  I'll tell you why.#1 - Cleanliness.  The owner of this location, Chi, keeps her shop in tip top shape.  Everytime we come by, it is SPOTLESS, and the fruit display is IMMACULATE.  I dare you to find a dirty spot there.  I triple dare you.#2 - Staff.  The staff is well trained and are more mature then some establishments that hire a more adolescent crowd.  They are polite, and they know how to run a store.  With or without the owner present.#3 - Quality.  Red Mango has top notch quality yogurt.  It's the real mother freakin' deal, and that means- every location should possess the same taste, texture and quality.  Note I wrote SHOULD.  Only this location serves it the way it should.  I haven't tried all locations, but I've tried many.  #4 - Fruits.  Fresh, ripe and of great quality.  If the mangos don't look right, they will not be served.  What does that mean?  The quality of what you get is not compromised for the sake of having a specific fruit served.  If it's not good, it's not served.  Plain and simple. #5 - Happiness.  Red Mango is happiness in a cup.  You'll be happy, trust me.  And there's nothing else to it.
5	I can be clear on the other side of town and will drive to Red Mango. I was on the Strip and came back to my side of town just to go to this one. I know it isn't clear across town, but Yelp told me there was one on the Strip. Did I listen? No, I like my usual store. Normally, a chain is a chain, but not here. I will be the first to say that this location is special.It is the attention to details from the owner that has me preaching. I wish that I could deviate from the berry parfait, but the only thing that changes is the flavor of the yogurt. Luckily, they offer great flavors that complement my treat of choice. 11/3/11 had Ghiradelli Dark Chocolate, Original, POM Pomegranate, and Pumpkin Spice. The first three are delicious with all the fresh strawberries, blueberries, banana, and granola. The last one doesn't sound too bad either. The GDC is amazing. Instead of sickeningly sweet, it had a great tart flavor from the yogurt and the smoothness of chocolate. Unless they bring back Green Tea or Key Lime, I will be sticking to this one for as long as they keep it.
4	For years, I was such a Red Mango hater. It could be that my teen years were fueled by sugar and junk food, but now that I'm a certified adult, I can admit my tastes have changed.Whenever he can, my brother will always try to throw in a Red Mango trip wherever we are - regardless of the time lapsed from the previous meal. I acquiesced to this, and let him order his usual: mixed berry yogurt parfait. Layering pomegranate frozen yogurt with granola, berries, and grapefruit, I was pleasantly surprised. The yogurt was light - full of flavor and not of sugar or artificial sweeteners. The granola wasn't overtly sugary either, and the fruit was piled on generously. My one pet peeve is that I can't stand squishy berries, but every fruit piled on was incredibly fresh and at its peak. Okay, I hate to give my brother the satisfaction of being right, but I'd rather admit defeat than hate on Red Mango for a second longer. I am a converter - whatever is in the yogurt, it's working its charms on me.
4	Great tasting yogurt, not too many options and everything is super fresh.  They have great smoothie options as well if you are looking for a great meal supplement.
5	I'm here about twice a week! So that should tell ya how much of a fan I am. A healthier option to the other yogurt places out there. No high fructose corn syrup or chemical additives. They offer 4 super yummy yogurt flavors. The staples are original flavor ( tart n tangy), pomegranate, and 2 seasonal flavors. The dark chocolate is my favorite. I hope it comes back soon! Right now they're offering cinnamon apple. Tastes exactly as it sounds. Perfect with graham cracker topping. The other flavor is pumpkin a great winter treat! The owner is awesome and always super sweet. I'm gonna miss it when move
4	I love this cute little shop. It's like a cafe filled with contemporary decor, magazines to read, and fun art work. Red Mango is the yogurt shop that popped my fro yo virginity, and trust me, I haven't been the same since. I love that their topping selections here are all premium toppings. Don't expect any gummy worm surprises here! The fruits are fresh and ripe! I also love that their mango topping is ripe and sweet. Right now, they offer the new apple cinnamon orchard, also the pumpkin spice, pom pomegranate, and regular tart. I'm not a big fan of their seasonal flavors, but I am completely in love their classic tart. It's just the perfect tart goodness. Big ups to their organic goodness and natural ingredients. 75 cents per topping on top of the $2.95 for small, $3.95 for the medium, and $5.95 for large portions. Only thing I'm not a fan of is the 75 cent per topping. There's no room for any culinary creativity here if you're trying to create a unique fro yo cup. Also, 75 cents for a topping? You'd better hope they fill the damn cup with topping!
3	Not bad...all natural but a touch of aftertaste. I prefer the places to put my own toppings on. The yogurt chips were too sweet.  Just ok.
3	I came into Red Mango expecting it to be a self serve place, but it wasn't. I decided to get the small with Mango yogurt and strawberries and blueberries on top. This came out to be about $4 something. Mind you when I go to a self serve place I spend about $2 bucks max. It was nice that she overflowed it with fruit, but I definitely like to put my own toppings on myself. Service was friendly but rushed even though I was the only one there. I didn't really get to look around and see what my options really were. Overall, it was ok, but not my favorite.
5	Best frozen yogurt I have ever had. Strawberry Milkshake i think it is. No fake bright pink food coloring added to it. How awesome. Place is always spotless too.
4	Positives: Fresh frozen yogurt and toppings. The toppings are unique and are piled on quite generously. Generally, refreshing.Negatives: Not much variety on yogurts. This is excusable considering they make everything fresh. A little pricey for frozen yogurt.
5	my favorite brand of yogurt.  their quality is also better than other red mangos!
4	This is a good froyo option that offers more than just frozen yogurt in a cup. I did get the mango ice cream with the naked granola, which was really good. I noticed they had smoothies, protein shakes, and other similar items. The interior looks like a salon more than anything but I was only interested in the froyo and not the surroundings! ;) The owner was really nice as well, as a side note.
2	So-So...Use to be my favorite place for frozen yogurt, but the staff became inconsistent on servings and they change the flavors all the time.  I can only get the yogurt flavor when other people buy it or when it's the right season.Plus, it's a little pricey compared to other options in the area.  Sorry, but I've moved on...-Ryan
5	My sister is the queen of Fro-Yo...I only dabble.Red Mango is hands down the best I have ever had...I've been to literally dozens of places in Vegas and another 6 - 8 places in So Cal...and nothing is as fresh, natural and of the same high quality as Red Mango.  You can taste and feel the difference in you r mouth!  I for one love tasting fresh, quality and natural difference in my mouth!I am all about their pomegranate...I get it with blue berries and strawberries...that's just how I roll.  I imagine that you'd be happy with any selection that you normally partake in though.Additionally, the seating area is clean and modern, while the service was friendly and helpful.  What else are you looking for in a frozen yogurt place?...that a rhetorical question Ted.  You don't have to answer it.
3	3.5 starsI like that this place is more than just a yogurt place.  Smoothies, frozen coffee drinks, fro-yo - quite the variety for what's seemingly just a fro-yo place to someone who's not in the know.  I also like that it's not self-serve.  I'm not a big fan of those places.  Came here on the evening of St. Paddy's day and the only person working was sitting outdoors watching the party across from the store at the Republic Kitchen & Bar.  That's OK, I guess if there's no one in the store there's no harm in enjoying the nice weather and people watching out in front.I thought the fro-yo flavor offerings were kinda lacking.  There were a few flavors and only one that I wound up "settling" for - Vanilla Bean.  I tried the chocolate mint and really wasn't a fan.  I'm sure that's someone's thing though.  As far as frozen yogurt goes Vanilla Bean was a fantastic flavor.  And you can feel good about their yogurt because it's the healthy stuff - gluten free, full of probiotics, all natural, etc. I didn't think the service was overly friendly.  Also, we had that $5 off thing by joining Red Mango's club online.  My yogurt came to 4- something and I wasn't allowed to use the $5 thing unless my purchase was $5 bucks or over.  I guess I missed that part.  So my hubby ordered a fro-yo too and we wound up paying a lot more than we thought we would considering we had five bucks off... we only paid 3 or 4 bucks or so but still, I felt like the yogurt was kind of expensive.  Since i'm not obsessive about all that healthful stuff when I'm in the mood for some frozen yogurt I think I'll stick to Golden Spoon where the flavors are more plentiful and the prices can be pretty reasonable when you get their text coupons.  I might come back to Red Mango to try a smoothie :)
5	Craving a fruit smoothie and so happy I checked yelp and ended up here today. Great service and both smoothies I purchased were delicious. I recommend mandarine mango and mixed Berry blend. Can't wait to come back and try more smoothies.
5	Best yogurt shop in Vegas, HANDS DOWN. I've been coming here since '06 and Chi's yogurt has been consistently delicious and beyond generous since day one. Always fresh flowers and smiling faces when I walk in the door! I've brought countless friends here and they're all addicted. They've all given up recreational drugs for an original/pomegranate swirl with some fresh strawberries on top. It's much cheaper and they've all saved their teeth. Definitely a great place to spend a hot Vegas afternoon!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this location and owner!  super fresh toppings, great place to sit and chat.  YUMMY!!!
1	We found this place based on an ad online for $2 off a smoothie. It was hot like hell so we stopped by. We got 2 smoothie and they only took $2 off. We asked about it the girl said she did not know and gave an awkward smile. False advertising. I do not like dishonest business.
4	Very small selection of flavors and toppings, and you can't serve yourself. I like the feeling of eating a healthier dessert than ice cream or other frozen yogurt places. Not too many choices for toppings, but overall it was a good refreshing experience.
