1	I have lived near this location for about 9 years.  I've never been wild about any sub shop, but if the mood struck, I'd stop in.  Today I stopped in and I was severely disappointed.   The staff was unfriendly, they looked bored and acted like the customers were a nuisance.  When I placed my order, the young man rolled his eyes then sighed and asked what bread I wanted.  Now, I ordered the "California Chicken Club", it's just one of the standard menu items.  The questions he asked were perplexing.  "Do you want chicken on it?" "Do you not want to add ranch?"  So, I finally said, "I want it just like it says on the menu."  He said ok.  Evidently, I wasn't done torturing myself (or them) so I asked them to toast it a little extra.  You'd have thought I asked them to start a fire in the middle of the restaurant!  THREE staff members set out to tell me how crazy it was to toast it longer.  I said, ok, nevermind.  (Geesh.. heaven forbid a customer ask for what she wants, eh?)  So, my "toasted" sandwich comes out of the oven and they asked what I want on it for toppings.  I asked for tomatoes and guacamole.  So, my personal chef sets out to educate me on how I need to add lettuce, onion, olives.. oh and guac is $1 more.  I said, "No, it comes with guac, there shouldn't be an upcharge for it", but I am informed that the menu shouldn't really say that, and I'll indeed have to pay extra if I want it.  Well, by this time I'm fed up (and still hungry) so I put my little southern foot down and insist the menu be honored, no matter what my "sandwich architect" says.  The lady on the cash register says it's ok, she'll just "give" me the guacamole this time to be nice.  So, I pay and take my contra-ban.. i mean, guacamole sandwich, and high-tail it out of there.  I wasn't the only person getting a hard time.  I overheard them starting the same line with the lady in line behind me.  Suggestion:  Skip this place and go two doors down to Domino's.  I've never had to argue with anyone there and they have better subs any way!
1	Worst Quizno's in Charlotte. Can not take an order over the phone correctly, under cooked food, very rude staff and then yells at customers if they get upset with bad service. Not sure how they are still in business. Will never step foot in there again.
1	Went there about 4 years ago wasn't impressed then so tried them again today. Not very friendly and I guess they have no problem running food there because for a 7 dollar sandwich very skimpy toppingsBread was fresh though. Store itself was very dirty ! Won't be be going back sorry to say.They should be making customers feel invited when they enter , a proper helping and have a clean store. Maybe they need new management?
