5	Maple Vape is a very nice store with an excellent selection of Vaping Hardware and a awesome selection of Vaping E-Liquids.  Their customer service reminds me of the service you would get back east.  EXCELLENT!!!!The store is located  in Arcadia.  I live in Arrowhead, I definately will return with my business.
5	It's my first foray into vaping. These guys are terrific and very helpful. They have lots of fun flavors. And, best of all, they're within walking distance of my house. If you're in Arcadia, definitely stop in here.
1	Wish I had something great to say, but unfortunately I don't, this is the 4th time I've driven all of the way here to get juice and a few other items, probably would've spent at least 100$-150$ easily, but once again there's a hand written note on the door about why they aren't open today. This time it said "gone fishin", I'm over it, they've got great juice, and knowledgable staff members, but the owners need to get it together with when they are going to be open for business. Word to the wise "live by your hours of operation", cuz if yA don't then your going to piss off every person that comes here, like me. If you don't care about your customers time, then I no longer care to be a customer there, I urge anyone who wants a reliable shop that they can count on to go somewhere else. Because maple vape probably isn't open, who knows what the excuse on the door will say next time.... Probably gonna say "out of business" next.
4	Nice place. I needed two different types of coils and walked out with both and some good tasting juice. Friendly staff and chill atmosphere.
3	I'm dropping it down to 3 stars for a few reasons... 1.  They only carry their own label for juice - it's not that good. After my first visit when I bought my starter stuff, I've never bought juice there again. They'd do well to bring in some premium lines - Bombies, The Vapor Chef, The Vape Kitchen, Suicide Bunny, Mad Alchemist, etc. 2. My visit last week for coils was interesting. Both women behind the counter were very new - for one it was her first day and she doesn't vape, so zero understanding of watts, volts, or ohms. It's important that the people behind the counter know more than the people purchasing product. This was clear when the other newb was trying to help people on their first visit, ever, to a vape shop.3. The one thing they've got going for them is the rapidly growing selection of equipment and accessories at very close to wholesale prices. If it's a clone, it's labeled as such. Really. Great selection of stuff at great prices. That makes it worth going because I'm all about immediate gratification.
1	There's nothing worse than popping in to grab stuff on the fly for a fellow redditor who left his gear at home and the store is locked up during posted business hours with no note on the door. I've sent a lot of people here for equipment because it's authentic, but seriously you guys, this is BS. Get your stuff together.
1	I repeat do not go to this vapor shop and buy juice the juice is contaminated with packing oil they swapped out the food grade sterile pumps in their vg/pg barrels with automotive pumps from Harbor Freight I was there the day they did it and costing them not to do it when I quote the owner said don't worry about it I'm just going to throw it away anyways I was just there 6 or 7 days ago and the barrels are still there with the same pumps in them Vape at own risk
