1	I try not to have any regrets in life, but i regret not going to my normal place.My friend and I needed pedicures and quality girl time together.  This place was between her and my house and I found a coupon, so we went.There's nothing special about this place.  The same prices and services as every other nail salon in the grocery store plazas.My toes look really nice, except for the chunks of skin missing around my nails.  I don't really have much cuticle down there, so that may have been the problem.  Maybe she has a routine.  It hurts to walk.  4 of my toes have scabs surrounding my nails.  Last I checked, the cuticle only grows on the bottom.  I guess that's what I get for trying to save $2.
5	I have been coming to annies for three years. Never disappointed! I absolutley love the staff and they treat me like a friend! Anyone that doesn't like it should try it one more time! They are very fair priced too!
4	I like this place a lot. I see Lynn regularly. Great prices too.
4	Amazing! My gel manicures have never looked better/lasted so long. The staff is professional and friendly. It is so clean (they actually employee someone who only cleans!) and the best part...you make any appointment - they actually honor it! ALWAYS on time. I like hearing them speak Vietnamese. It sounds interesting. Cam on nhiu !!!
1	I came here because they had good reviews? I'm not sure how this place stays in business! When I walked in there was only 2 customers here both getting pedicures and it took the woman sitting at the front a few moments to notice me. I told the woman i needed an acrylic fill with gel polish, 30 minutes later !! (not exaggerating) she asked me to sit in her station she then proceeded to file away at my nails she asked if i wanted them shorter i said just a tiny bit and she basically took them off and made them crooked when i pointed it out to here she began to file them even more finally i had to pull my hands away i asked her how much i owed for my newly botched hands paid her $15 and walked out crying
5	I truly fell in love with this salon. Nancy is amazing. Very caring and does her job well. She takes her time, doesn't rush. Prices are descent. I recommend everyone to come her. It is a relaxation. Get the callus remover and sea salt massage!!!!
