4	The Lather boutique in Kierland Commons is a place where nature meets nurture. As soon as you set foot in this store, you're hit with a calm simplicity that manifests in their skin and body products, packaging and atmosphere. On the many occasions that I've dropped by this store, the sales people have always been welcoming albeit a bit too enthusiastic on occasion to help. But they back off and let you quietly trip through the store, sniffing here and sampling there. At the back of the store is a sink where you can sample their scrubs and soaps. Their body care kits and candles make great gifts and as far as must-have items, Lather's yuzu and bamboo body washes, scrubs and lotions are classic hits. If you have sensitive skin, their skincare lines are gentle and nature-based. You usually will get a few samples with purchase (if you don't, just ask!). The store is tucked at the far end of the shopping center near Tommy Bahama's and Anne Taylor Loft. Let your nose point you in the right direction!
4	Walked past this store dzns of times & never went in! Not sure why, but glad i finally did!  We were greeted immediately and in a nice & unobstrusive way.  We were given a few samples, and it was pretty clear i was not going to make a purchase this time since all the products were new & different to me, I was just gettting educated :-)This didn't hinder the salesperson, who still gave me some cupons, samples & a full bar of rosemarry soap!  The sample ended up making me go back 2 days later, as the shave cream was the best shave hubby ever encountered!  I purchased and entire shave kit with lots of goodies, more samples, and the sales girl threw in a bamboo soap dish (bonus!).I'll be back to ck out more products after i finish using up my arsenal already in my possesion!
5	A hotel stay a few years back introduced me to Lather...imagine my surprise to actually discover a store. I picked up a great baby gift and several of their candles as well. I love their candles. I gave a few as gifts which were enjoyed and I love my lavender one.  I also bought a lavender oatmeal bar of soap that I loved as well!  Definitely a place I would frequent and recommend.They said if you bring in you prior bag or container for recycling you get a small discount..bonus!
3	Not bad. Kind of high priced, but the products are pretty good.I was looking for a good body scrub and picked the peppermint scrub. It is VERY gentle, probably good for the face if you have sensitive skin.The best product I found was the foot scrub with pumice granules. It is the bomb! Especially for AZ summer weather, it is extremely effective for dry skin on the feet. I use it every other day and it works wonders, I HIGHLY recommend it!
4	I love this store for years now. I discovered it here.The candles are wonderful. I love the little travel sampler kit. The yuzu bergamot moisturizer is great. I enjoy the soaps. This is the type of store that you just go for the product and know it is just going to cost more. Honestly it is not the much for many items: The little kits like the:- cranberry orange body wash 2 oz- cranberry orange moisturizer 2 oz- mint thyme body wash 2 oz- mint thyme moisturizer 2 oz- bamboo creme body wash 2 oz- bamboo creme moisturizer 2 oz- packaged in a reusable zippered bagall for 25 bucks.  clove soap 2 oz- honey almond soap 2 oz- lavender lime soap 2 oz- lemongrass soap 2 oz- oatmeal lavender soap 2 oz - rosemary soap 2 oz - rosemary & peppermint soap 2 oz- rose tangerine lavender soap 2 oz- seven seed lemon & rosemary soap 2 oz- vetivert & grapefruit soap 2 oz- wild mint soap 2 oz - yuzu soap 2 ozfor 38 bucks.- bamboo creme moisturizer 2 oz - mint thyme moisturizer 2 oz - lavender lime moisturizer 2 oz - yuzu bergamot moisturizer 2 oz - cranberry orange moisturizer 2 oz - sweet almond & sea kelp moisturizer 2 oz - zippered travel bag for 25 bucks..Why yes you just read my Stocking stuffers for myself that I just sent my husband. hehe :D  Worth trying. You will find a favorite. Quality of their ingredients from their website:"...using only pure essential oils, vitamins and antioxidants, and rare fruits and herbs - and never using synthetic fragrances or colors. Now, we're also sourcing organic ingredients when possible, and are on track to have all of our products be paraben-free and SLS/ALS-free by mid-2010. "Service: She was very nice and was even happier when she saw I was a little shop happy when I started putting everything on the counter. hehe.From St. Louis and loved it!TLDR:  The products are a favorite of mine. Good products and good service at this location. Great outdoor mall.
4	This was a great discovery thanks to Living Social.  I got a great deal for becoming a member so I got a $50 of merchandise for $20 net.  I was ready for discovery and am glad I ventured out.  The location is out there, but its in Kierland commons so its worth the drive.  The store is very clean but doesnt have that overly clean hospital feeling.  It also does not stink like some of these line of stores do where there is so much smell where you feel like you have to wipe it from your clothes.  The sales associate was very helpful and friendly but not clingy.  I had my list of items I found from the website and they carried them all.  The items I did smell were wonderful, everything smelled real and not full of chemicals.  I stopped before I did too much damage to my wallet and asked for some shampoo and conditioner samples.  It was not a problem, the sales associate was more than willing and put me on the mailing list for coupons.  I purchased avocado mint hair repair which looks wonderful, the ten minute brightening mask with glycolic acid, the almond shave creme and muscle ease.  All products use natural ingredients and the other thing I noticed is the containers are not overly flashy.  The product says it and no pictures are needed.  I can't wait to come back and try the mint hair wash and conditioning creme.
5	I have been a loyal Lather fan for a couple years now and will continue to be for life!  The store is open and very clean and the service is top notch.  They are so helpful yet unobtrusive which is a rare find for a beauty store.  The products are truly fantastic.  They strive to use natural ingredients when possible and everything is such a great value for what you get.  The best part if you are unsure, ask for a sample and they will send you home with anything to try out.  My must haves from this place include:"  foaming bamboo lemongrass scrub will knock your sucks off.  Hands down best scrub I have ever had"  vitamin c peptide serum is super luxurious and perfect for daily use"  10 minute brightening glycolic mask will refresh and renew your dull skin"  white clay facial mask is perfect for sucking grime out of your pores" eucalyptus foaming foot scrub with ground up pumice stone will scrub anything off and clean\soften your feet" almond shave cream is amazingTIP... Ask to try all scrubs at the sink...what a great treat while shopping!
4	9/11/13I had already visited a couple of times before (last week and three weeks, or more prior) to check out the store, the products sold there, and the customer service and came in today to use an expiring Groupon I'd purchased three months ago.  I am pleased to report that while staff members are quick to welcome guests and offer assistance, they know to leave you alone if you "just want to look."  The reps I'd met yesterday and on the first visit knew much about their products, and even if they didn't, I had the feeling they'd go to great lengths to find out.  I can't say the same about my second visit, unfortunately, but it was late in the day, fifteen minutes to closing time as a matter of fact, so I didn't mind, since I knew that all of the info I sought was online.  On the other hand, if I wasn't lucky to have internet access and/or reside nearby, I don't know if I'd have cared to return again had I not purchased a Groupon, especially after noting that the rep wasn't inspired enough to look for the info either from printed or online databases, irregardless of the time of day.  I found Ashley to be very helpful during today's visit.I really like that MOST of the products sold here are parabens-free and MOST of the cleansing products are sulfates-free.  I find that I am not able to sample many of the products offered here due to food allergies**, but it's refreshing to find more and more businesses that strive to offer products using natural ingredients- sometimes even organic!  Not only does Lather strive to help people who are looking for natural alternatives in facial, body, hair, and aromatherapy products, but it also gives back to the environment (by packaging their products in containers made from recycled materials, by offering 10% off purchases to customers returning Lather recyclables, and by purchasing carbon off-sets) and to charities by partnering with and contributing to the following three organizations: Carbonfund.org, Cleantheworld.org, and Headaches.org.  To find out more about Lather's mission, history, and the products offered (and their ingredients), check out www.lather.com.  BTW, do you know that Lather only has three locations in the U.S. (CA, GA, and AZ), and that its products can be found in upscale hotels, such as Las Vegas' Borgata and Wynn, and Canyon Ranch?  Granted, I've never been to any of these hotels, but I know of their reputation, so I'm impressed to hear and read that these hotels endorse Lather products.I like the slatted wood soap dish I found here, as it prevents water puddles from forming, thereby extending the life of my exfoliating lavender soap.  If you use delicate glycerine- and olive oil-based soaps, you may find this dish a nice investment, as well.  I hope to update my review in a few months' time (maybe sooner) to write about my experiences with the products I'd bought today, specifically the Vitamin C Peptide Renewal and the Shine Control Face Lotion.**I realized many years ago that those skin rashes and breakouts I'd get from time-to-time were allergic reactions to specific natural ingredients, such as carrot, avocado, corn, rice, and any orange variety, be it orange, bergamot, tangerine, neroli, and so on, to name a few.  (I'm still experimenting with sweet almond oil... I'm thinking it's more of an intolerance, since I am able to tolerate hand and body products, but not facial.  Now that I know which ingredients to avoid, I rarely experience breakouts and rashes.  If only I could stay away from them when I dine out!
4	Great place to buy natural products. I love their soaps, candles, and oils! I create my own scented oils. They're nice to have on hand just in case you-know-who needs a good massage after a long day of work/play!  ;-)  They're good to add to the bath water as well.The saleslady is great and very knowledgable of their products.  This last visit, she inadvertently charged me for a product that I didn't purchase. I didn't know this and probably never would have found out, as I don't look at my receipts when I get home. I was texting as I was leaving the store and the saleslady stopped me and asked to see my bag. Unknowing where this was going, I handed it to her. She opened the bag, took out the receipt, glanced at the receipt, and quickly told me what she'd done. (That just touched my little ole heart...) She apologized repeatedly for her error. No big deal, the world still turns... Too, she loaded my bag with samples!!! I'll be back. :-D
5	Lather has such great products. I love how everything in the store is color coded for face, body, feet etc.Outstanding customer service today from Lajoy. I bought the coconut creme body whip which I love.
