4	Great LARGE outdoor patioWanna Smoke, great place.Stuck in corner of center , hard to find.Such a Gem.
4	Still in business, and busy.   I usually patronize this Starbuck's once a week. It is a local institution. There is a bulletin board celebrating regular customers. Regardless of the hidden location, this Starbucks fills up.   What I like about this Starbuck's is the neighboorhood feel and outdoor patio  (the Valle Verde location has the best patio).
4	I patronize this Starbuck's once a week. This Starbuck's is a local institution. There is a bulletin board celebrating the regular customers. I have seen a local choir perform here in December.  Regardless that the cafe is hidden, this is a jumping Starbuck's. There have been visits where I could not get a table, leaving me to sit outside.  The drawbacks of this cafe is that it is small, and not the most comfortable cafe. It closes at 8 pm. An advantage of the cafe is the patio (in my opinion the Valle Verde Starbucks offers the nicest Starbucks patio in Henderson).  Overall, this cafe puts a community feel on the Starbuck's experience.
4	We've been coming to this Starbucks for quite awhile. This place can get crowded in the AM and after school lets out. They have a big patio area where you can usually find smokers. And free Wifi probably contributes to the crowd.Starbucks is a cookie cutter franchise that has perfected its craft...getting Americans addicted to caffeine!!! We've all had our share of their coffee so you know what you are getting. No need for anyone to Yelp where the best Starbucks location is...unless you work there.Its all good though, this staff has served our business party many times. They put up with our obnoxious staff, sometimes twice a week. So, I would probably give this staff the nod as the best location LOL!Thanks for feeding my addiction Starbucks!
4	Kind peopleGreat large sunny patioNext to frozen yogurt and RubiosGreat corner location
3	This Starbuck's would get a 4 star rating except for its location.  It's tucked away in the corner of a shopping plaza.  There is a nice sitting area along Green Valley Parkway, but I wasn't interested in sitting today.  I wanted to get my drink and be gone.The staff was quite pleasant and efficient.
2	Great staff but horrible parking situation and very little room to sit inside.
5	This is my favorite Starbucks for one key reason: the staff. From smiles on down to knowing what to do and how to do it, they get you in, out and on with your life. Monday mornings they can be a little slow...and parking is not ideal. But compared to many other Starbucks locations in Vegas this is the one I consider the best. Again...knowledgeable service with a smile is great every time.Update: 3/21/12: Still consistently great service. Even with the parking being tight, I have to bump them to 5 stars. They've earned it.
4	Perfect place to bring your kids, to come with your girlfriends, or to just chill! I really like coming to this shopping center because when the weather is just right, you can sit in their spacious patio and just relax. I was really surprised that Starbucks closes so early esp on a Fri night (8:30pm) and Sat (8pm)... before when i was in high school, they definitely had later hours! Coffee, tea, and staff is all great, I just wished they could stay open later!
5	I love the employees at this location. I'm a regular and they are so welcoming each time I enter the door. There is always a smile on their face. This is the location for me and I will always be a regular there.
4	Trenta Iced Coffee, whole milk, 12 pumps.That's what I like and that's how I like it.It is so odd to me that I can go to a Chain and order this drink everywhere and each and every place it just comes out a little different or in some cases, very different.A little too much ice in our cups but other than that it was the BEST iced coffee I have ever had from any starbucks. Wayyyyy to busy and crowded for me and my liking on a Saturday Morning. But I will brave the crowds just for a hunkering of that delicious tall, cold coffee drink.
5	The staff here is always friendly. This is my "go-to" Starbucks and no matter the time of day the baristas are friendly and pleasant.
4	For me the best part of leaving work is Starbucks in my cup. At least once a week this location has been pouring Starbucks in my cup.   Sharing the Pebble Marketplace Shopping Center with Subway, Smith's,  banks, China Tango, and banks; this is a convenient location for Starbucks in my cup. If I used the drive thru, I would say otherwise. A drive thru is nonexistent. Close to the door parking is relatively nonexistent.  Pebble Marketplace features plenty of parking spaces that require a short hike to Starbucks.   An outdoor patio makes up for the nonexistent drive thru. It also comes in handy when the nine tables fill up. For the record, it fills up.  There are some cool people here. I enjoy listening to the New York barista talk to his partner in coffee brewing about his passion for boxing. And there is a regular who is always drawing. In a way the regulars make this a cafe version of Cheers. Except nobody seems to know your name.  I admit that I am a fan of Starbucks. As long as I am active in the area, the best part of leaving work is this being one of the locations pouring Starbucks in my cup.
1	This used to be the closest Starbucks to me when I worked in the area and it was horrible.  How is it that every time I walked into this Starbucks they would screw up my drink one way or the other.  I even gave them a chance 4 times and they always screwed up.  I even had one barista drop my drink and crack the cup which I did not know until I got into the car and my drink was leaking.  I just gave up on this place and had to drive to the Starbucks on Green Valley and Warm Springs which made my drink PERFECT every time I went there.  I had to give them a 1 star because I had to rate them.  I guess it is hit or miss with Starbucks.
5	This is my daily coffee spot. Perfection every single day. Sometimes there's a line. Their coffee is always consistent and the baristas are always pleasant.They always have samples of biscotti, different pastries of the day and varies coffee. They will also give you a sample from their new Verismo machine :-) YUMM!There's no drive through because their store is a corner lot in a weird location, but they have a really nice patio. When the weather allows, you could sit under one of their pretty starbucks umbrellas and enjoy the Green Valley.
5	Great place to study and the staff are great.
5	This is a small, hidden, local gem. The employees are nice, fast, and genuinely happy to make your beverage. (And if they mess up, which happens, they are quick to fix it for you. Just be nice to them, they are working hard.)Lots of seating, clean, quaint, happy.Best 'bucks in NV.
3	OKay, now these places are awefully convenient and consistent, so we needed a place to lay over for about 1 hour on Sunday evening.... Since they open till 8:00 or so, it was the perfect place?a. For a Sunday, it was crowded. Every table taken except for one.b. Must be the wifi, not the coffee.....c. I ordered a black coffee and you know what, it is poured from a decanter. It is not the beans you grind, and then filter hot water. Nope, you have it from a decanter. Not my cup of .....tea.....d. Service - not bad but quite discombobulated in a sort of a "whatever" mode.  I think the team were focused on other things than serving up a great cup of joe.I would definitely come back because it is a cool place to hang, and they have quite teh nice outdoor seating area.  However, for coffee and service, it is.....3 star....
5	Always excellent and friendly service.  This is my lical Starbucks and has been for years. Great atmosphere and sunny patio to hang out and enjoy yoyr coffee
5	Great place great service,
1	I been here a couple times and usually the service has been the same Unprofessional Slow And 2/3 I received the wrong drink Not gonna be my first choice for a Starbucks when the time comes
5	This is a regular meeting spot for me. Always excellent service! We can stay for hrs and never harassed to order more or to leave. Wifi readily available, and usually decent indoor seating options. When the weather is cooler, great patio area.
3	People are nice but it's always really slow.  It was obvious they were training a new girl today and there was a line out the door.  Where is the manager or her seasoned coworkers to jump in and help out?
4	I love that this place has a more cafe-feel than most Starbucks that I've been to in Las Vegas. There is no drive-thru so the cafe is always pretty packed in the AM. The baristas seem to be friendly and they've always been good about getting my drinks out promptly and accurately.
4	Very helpful at suggestions:) if you go often it is better to get a gift card and register. Add stars get free stuff for doing what your going to do anyways:))! Enjoy special drinks and limited times:))
