4	This is by far my favorite 24 hour location.  Everyone is very friendly and it is never too busy.  Unlike the other clubs in GV, people seem like they are there more to work out than look good.  I love how all the machines are pretty well integrated so that it does not seem like a boy's club as soon as I go do weights.  The equipment is a little old, but there still seems to be less cardio machines out-of-service than at the other gym.  The only thing it needs are more stair masters, I really like the newer ones that are hard to come by, but at least they have the drink/book holders on them.  Check this gym out if you like a relaxed, practical place to work out.
3	I use this gym mainly due to the location. It's far from the best gym I have ever been in, in fact it's not even the best 24 Hour Fitness that I have been in. It is very close to my house and rarely crowded though, so it works for me. I like that it doesn't feel like a meat market or social meeting place. The vast majority of the people there go there to work out, not pick up chicks or flirt with meatheads. I have my own workout routine so I do not utilize the trainers. I have yet to take any of the classes either, so I really can not comment much on the employees other then the girls that work the front desk. Most are very sweet, 90% of the time when I am leaving they say "goodbye" or "have a good night".The locker rooms are kept pretty clean although on multiple occasions I have noticed rolls of paper towels placed on top of the dispensers rather then in them. Pretty minor. Some equipment was recently replaced, which is nice. My biggest 'beef' with this location is the air conditioning. They really need to lower it a bit... Otherwise for a no-frills place to get your work-out on this gym works just fine.
3	This gym is one of the 2 that are close to my house. I mainly use this gym for cardio only. The one thing that this gym has that no other 24 hr fitness in town has is a machine called "BODY PEAK". To describe it best is similar to a stepper with your feet involved so you almost feel like a stepper meets an elliptical with a hand crawler? But either way it gets the job done and I enjoy it. Its right next to the several rows of treadmills. The best thing about this gym is its never packed to where you have to wait in line for a machine. They have the standard Group X fitness classes with bodypump on Thursdays @ 9 but I go to the Green Valley which is just as close to my house as this one is - but @ GV they have Sheryl - which is the best Body Pump fitness instructor there is b/c believe me not all group instructors are created equal. This gym is right next to the post office and near the walmart on lake mead/boulder. So if you need to stop and get some healtly food to bk up your hard work out its on the way.
2	The gym is old, and it only gets all of the old machines that every other 24 Hour Fitness in LV gets rid of.  They never get new machines.  It really may be the worst 24 Hour in the city.
3	This location doesn't have everything.  I miss the roman chair, and my fave eliptical.  However, it's clean and quiet.  I've been several times, in the afternoons, and there is a mere 5 others in the gym.  Everthing is wide open for your use.  If you want  to squeeze in a no mess, no frills workout, stop by this 24. That said, I would not frequent this location 24 hours a day.  I'll stick to the sunny afternoon hours.
4	Even though some of the cardio equipment is old and antiquated, this gym is pretty nice. A good place to workout. There are plenty of free weights and machines. And even though the cardio equipment is old, it's kept in good working order. In fact, I think their service staff does a much better job than at other 24's.This gym definitely has it's own personality... Very blue-collar. Of course it's in a blue-collar neighborhood. But that makes me work a little harder when I go there.The place yes also always very clean. Amazingly, even the mens locker room is always clean. Not an easy task for any gym.
4	Came in today to sign up for a membership.  Didn't even know this place existed, but a friend made sure I signed up.I haven't had the chance to try any of the machines.  Overall, the place looks clean and not busy.  I came today to try the Zumba class with Barb.  It wasn't crowded which was good.  The staff was super friends.  Jules (Julliet) was the one that signed me up.  She was super friendly and sweet.  I like the fact that this place is close to where I live.  The classes overall, will be the reason why I go in.  It'll be my only motivation. Nice way to enjoy your weekend :)
4	I've determined a very strict and a very demanding class schedule that I've abided by for the past week and will continue abiding by for the next 3-4 weeks to comes.  Here's what I do:Sunday:  -Cycling Class at 9:00am with Teresa:  I started liking Cycling a lot.  It's a huge work out for me and because my legs are the most muscular part of my body, it becomes super enjoyable!-Zumba Class at 10:00am with Barb:  Barb is such a joy.  She's super sweet and has a lot of energy.  She makes this class fun!Monday:-Zumba Class at 5:30pm with Megan:  Megan is no joke!  She's full of energy and spunk!  This class gets full fast!-Power Sculpt at 6:30pm with Megan:  It's obviously not as high paced as Zumba, but the repetitions and muscle confusion really burns!Tuesday:  (I go to the Silverado and Maryland location)-Kickboxing Class at 6:00pm with Nancy:  My brother lost 70 lbs with kickboxing alone, so I needed to start chasing this class...it's high paced and a lot of work!Wednesday:-Kickboxing Class at 5:30pm with Allison:  Last week, Heather taught this class and she's no joke.  Make sure you have thick skin and trust me, it pays off!Thursday:-Body Pump Class at 5:30pm with Lana:  She's super sweet and makes sure the entire class is on the same page.  Heart her.-Cycling Class at 6:30pm with Lana:  Thank goodness she's patient.  I'm super needy in this class.Friday:-Cycling Class at 8:00am with Heather:  Here she goes again!  Super good to get a workout before work, but I'm literally dead by the last two hours of work!Saturday:-REST!I love 24 hour fitness and appreciate the classes.  It's the only way I get my butt in the gym.
1	Just don't waste your time driving out to this one... Wigwam location is better..
4	I've been going to this 24 Hour Fitness location since I started working for the City of Henderson back in the 90s.  Over the years, it hasn't really changed at all.  It's much smaller and older than the other locations around town, but it's always clean and it has all I need for a gym workout: weights and treadmills.  If you're looking for a pool or basketball court, you won't find it here, but they do offer spin classes as well as other fitness classes.  Because of its size, it does get a little crowded on week nights, so you may have to wait for a machine and the free weights area also gets busy.  Overall, it's nothing fancy, but it gets the fitness job done.
4	Not my usual gym I go to but decided to stop by since I was un the area. Gym was very clean and the staff were super freindly. Other then the area its located this is a nice gym.
1	Very disappointing.  I'm visiting my parents from out of state and my mom and I were looking forward to a cardio dance class together. Despite the front desk person knowing my parents by name (they're long time members), she did not allow me to pay a drop in fee without an ID. She did however suggest that we make the 10 minute drive back to the house, get the ID and come back for the end of the class.  Pay a full drop in fee for half a class (especially when it would have been my mom's first dance class, therefore making her miss the intro and warm up)?  No thank you!  They just lost my drop in fee and any future visits.  Shame on 24 Hour Fitness Boulder Hwy for their poor customer service!
4	This gym is small and out of the way. But you know what? I dig this 24 Hour Fitness. I remember working out at this gym close 10 years ago and it hasn't changed too much. With all the surrounding businesses that have closed down, it's surprising that this 24 Hour Fitness is still here. This gym is located in old Henderson. For all you Las Vegas Yelpers, it's the 24 Hour Fitness near Frost Bites Shavery. One thing about this gym is that it's small. The parking lot is old, the building looks old, and the equipment is even old. But here's what I love about this gym...it's empty. I was here around peak time and was still able to get a good workout.  There's plenty of free weights, machines, and the locker room is spacious.  This gym does lack some cardio equipment. However, since this gym is quiet, getting on a treadmill or Stair Master isn't a problem at all.  The gym goers at this gym mean business. They simply come in, get their sweat on, and leave. That's how it should be. The gym itself is clean, the staff efficient, and there's plenty of iron to get a great workout.  This 24 Hour Fitness may be out of the way for me, but it's always good to know that I have options if I happen to be in the area. PS: First review to type and post off my iPhone.  Yeah Buddy!
4	Great gym, helpful staff and never many people there which I love. I go late at night early morning so maybe thats not true always, but still a great place.
4	For me, customer service is everything.  The better the customer service, the easier it is for me to over-look the little things.  The staff at this gym is awesome.  They greet me by name and I don't think I've ever left without someone telling me to have a nice day/night.  Thanks for not drawing attention to how long it has been since my previous visit, guys!Sure, they could use some new equipment and the facility as a whole could use some TLC, but the staff has done a great job with what it has.  There isn't a meat-market feel to this gym at all.  People come here and....ready for it?? WORK OUT!  The only negative thing for me is that the Kids Club was closed at the beginning of the year.  I could really use it now that my husband is working nights.
