5	OPEN 24 HOURS!   Located to the west of the airport, near the rental car returns.  I saw Dr.Patel, he took his time discussing my illness and taking my medical history.  The MA, Kristen and the front desk person were very caring and helpful.
1	Went here because it was 24 hours. The doctor was an D.O. not an M.D., you may be wondering what the difference is...several years of training. I had been sick to my stomach for days, lost 7lbs and she did nothing for me. Literally nothing. She acted like she didn't want to treat me. She asked over and over why I didn't go to my PCP. Considering I was complaining of severe abdominal pain and it was 4am apparently wasn't clear enough for her. I then asked if she could write me a note for work and she said "for today?". All reasons to stay away from this place and most D.O.s. the only reason I gave this place one star is because the medical assistant showed concern and was very nice.
4	Highly recommend .  I come here more often than my primary care physician because the fee is less and for the walk-in convenience. The staff is excellent.  They are very helpful, patient and courteous .The wait time can be long.  Today, Friday afternoon, it was 2.5 hours. They told me  this when I signed in.   They were apologetic - many times over by several individuals.  They offered water, coffee, and snacks.   I had a book and my phone.Other times the wait is less than 45 minutes.  It depends and there is no way to know unless you call ahead or just come in.   Call ahead and compare other locations wait time.I rarely see the same doctor, though if I may need a follow-up, the doctor has told me his schedule.  The doctors I have seen have all been MD's and they go out of their way to be helpful and informative.  For example, today's doctor downloaded information about my illness and looked up the specific brand of medication that my insurance prefers.  They listen and ask questions and have all been personable..Two suggestions that would make the wait easier:Offer free Wi-Fi.  Most businesses offer it and it seems with a place that can have long waits, complimentary Wi-Fi would be a nice feature.  Lazy Boy recliners would be awesome too!Keeping  the television volume low and having closed caption would be less intrusive for people wanting to read, work or listen to their own music.Most times someone calls a day or two later, asking for your opinion about your visit.  This is a nice touch.
1	I went here because it was 3am, I had been sick for almost 24 hours to my stomach and wanted some answers and/or relief. I don't have insurance so I was trying to do the responsible thing and avoid the ER. I took a cab all the way there because I don't have a car and I was the only one there when I got there. I filled out the paperwork and about 10 minutes later they brought be back. The doctor took almost an hour to come in. Keep in mind my belly was killing me and I was nauseous. Basically he told me they couldn't do any tests and that I should just wait it out or go to the ER. He seemed annoyed when I asked questions. He wrote me some prescriptions and I had to wait for awhile in the waiting room to get them. For the only 24 hour facility in Phoenix, I'm really sad that they can't provide better service. I'm going to my regular doctor today which I should have just waited to do so.
1	After my visit at Concentra, I went to my regular doctor to discuss what the doctor at Concentra told me. Basically my doctor told me to just throw away the prescriptions he wrote and that all those tests he told me would be pointless. My doctor told me he thinks I just had a virus. All my questions I tried to ask the Concentra doctor I was able to ask my regular doctor and with more courteous replies. I spent over twice the amount at Concentra for no reason, and only went there because I was miserable and it was 3am. Never would step back here again.
4	Went here yesterday (as I work downtown).RN/MD were both very friendly and helpful. Long wait - 1.5 hours. Do youself a favor and get there as early as possible. Also, facility/waiting room were both immaculate.
3	Came in for follow up to a visit at the concentra near metro center that I had to go to after a work accident. This ones closer to home. Called ahead and was told wait time is 20 to 35 minutes. Got there (15 mins after calling) and waited 2 hours before getting called back to be seen. Also, the girl at the counter had to call the other location to get my records, and I could hear her say my name date of birth and ssn from where I was sitting. Not a pleasant thing in a crowded room.At this point, I was in a room and told the dr would be about 15 mins. After an hour, I went out of the room to inquire about the eta and was assured I was next. Finally, got seen and got out.Pros: Care was good, place was clean, and I got to wear a gorgeous pair of paper shorts!Cons: Prepare for your visit as if you were reporting for jury duty at the north pole. Wear a parka and bring a  book.
3	My appt was at 3:30 and still haven't been seen yet by the doctor and it is now 4:53pm. Didn't plan to wait this long just to be seen for an injured  wrist. The front oFfice staff is nice,  but be prepared to wait. They really need a second doctor. Ugg!
4	Make sure that you are not in hurry when you come here. You need to stay at least 1 hour before you go inside. The service at the front desk was fast and friendly. The RNs and my doctor was nice and commutative.
