4	Now, that I have to change my friggin diet.  I must seek other alternatives to my favorite delicacies of fatty fried chicken, tender prime rib, and lamb chops.  The same shopping complex, which houses SF Supermarket, Hue Thai Sandwiches,  a Korean fried chicken and beer house, and other great restaurants, also has a Chinese Hot Pot Restaurant.  In the last year, I've had the opportunity to try out more of these restaurants, where you place vegetables and meats into  a swirling and boiling pot of broth in front of you over an open flame.  It is really good stuff, and one very cool evening in Las Vegas, yes Vegas, I was craving to go.  I was joined by my forever favorite dining companion, and now fiancee, and two other friends who also wanted to try something new.  When you walk in, it feels like a little market, where you can buy some packaged goods, another area had a small buffet area (which we all need to try the next time because it is great deal), and the dining area.  The dining area was very empty, and decorated with faux mahogony Chinese furniture.  Above the area was a big screen TV connected to a satellite Chinese channel.  We began to browse the menu and noticed that the combination hot pot specials were for about less than $20.  The waitress assisted us by selecting one combination hot pot for the 4 of us, since ordering 4 hot pots each would be too much,  You are also handed  a sheet to mark off any extras, such as beef, lamb, vegetables, mushrooms, tofu, rice, etc...etc that you would also like to cook for yourself in the big bowl of hot broth.  We chose the combination of seafood and lamb hot pot.  She gave us a heaping plate of vegatables w/tofu,  a plate of raw shrimp, mussels, imitation crab (yuck!), and raw squid, and another plate of thinly sliced frozen lamb that were rolled like mini cigars.  They placed a large metal bowl that was divided like the Yin-Yang symbol and filled it with a warm broth.  It was brought to a boil with the little gas stove that it was placed on.   Once the broth was bubbling, we started throwing in some of the vegetables, seafood, and meat.  We dipped it in various sauces that we alone created at the sauce station near the door.  My favorite was to mix the bbq sauce, with chili oil, and garlic in garlic juice and some green onions to give it some crunchy zing.  It goes sweet, spicy than tangy...It was quite tasty when the lamb or tofu was dipped in because they absorbed the flavors so well.  Because it was in the hot pot, anything that you removed from the broth was steaming warm.  It was very satisfying for the cool night that it was.  You cooked the shrimp till it turned a bright orange, but not too long bc it will become tough.  I was a big fan of the enoki mushrooms, I just love the crunch it has when you bite in your mouth, plus the flavors and moistness of the mushroom.    The lamb was humming full with flavor.  Not bad for being frozen.  We did end up ordering more items, such as enoki and lamb.  We also decided to venture and try deep fried fermented tofu.  These beautiful golden deep fried puffy cubes have this wonderful crisp when you first bite into them, and then finishes off with a very pungent smell that slowly drifts up your nose and down your throat.  Wow, talk about strong flavors.  I really recommend to not burp around people or accidentally covering your mouth while you burp.  ha..ha..  it is definitely worth a try.  We were also amazed how busy the restaurant became after we arrived.  It seems that 7:30 is a busy time for this place.  All in all, I would have to say I'm a fan of this restaurant.  I loved the selectons in modifying your bowl of hot broth  that came with a total bill that just can't be beat.  I walked out of that restaurant with an especially content and warm chubby belly that evening.
4	It really pays to know locals here in Vegas. A local knew of this place and since I was tired of eating the buffets and didn't feel like shelling out tons of cash for some fancy restaurant - I was ready to try something new off the strip. Luckily my group of girls were all down to eat some good old traditional Taiwanese food. My friend was raving about this place and was excited to take me since I've never had real Taiwanese food before. It was a little ways off the strip in some China Town plaza. Since I was running late from shopping all afternoon, I was lucky enough to have the food all ordered and at the table by the time we were seated. I wish I took pictures but I was so hungry I started eating all the food before I even thought about it. They ordered a beef noodle soup, pork chops, beef and egg over rice, and peanut butter noodles. The beef noodle soup and beef and egg over rice was my absolute fav! They also had this mustard pickled thing that you put as a topping on all the plate. This place had made me a fan of Taiwanese food. Not only was the food good but the meal was dirt cheap. For a group of 7 our bill came out to only $51 bucks. Absolute steal for the amount of food we ordered. Now I must venture out and find places in SF that serves Taiwanese food.
4	We're always looking for places to cook up our own food - and I've seen the small menu posted on the window of Champion Gourmet.  Armed with a few other experimental eaters, we ventured into Champion to see if it was anything to talk about.  We can definitely say we were pleasantly surprised!After you walk through the doors and past the little grocery section of ready to order foods and what not, you'll pass by the sauce making section on the way to your table.  (There's also what looks like a self service station for tea and water.)It was rather empty the Monday night we arrived, but soon realized the Chinese community in Vegas eats a lot later than everyone else.  (The place was packed by the time we left!)The menu can be a bit confusing, but you'll soon learn the hot pot combos all range for less than $20 each.  Not sure on how to order, we started with four combos.  The waitress was quick to let us know that we were ordering too much food.  She suggested one or two combination of hot pot assortments and then adding additional meats and the sort.  We ended up with the seafood platter and lamb hot pot, and of course, the veggies and tofu that come with it. The seafood platter had shrimp, mussels, imitation crab, and squid.  The lamb had frozen slices of meat rolled onto the plate.A little gas stove was placed in the middle and a hot pot with a divider was placed on top.  There were two different broths in there - one spicy and one not.We also made a visit to the sauce making bar where you can add sesame oil, chili oil, garlic, cilantro, green onions, sesame sauce, etc. to your own concoction.In the end, we added more lamb and mushrooms to our hot pot order.  We also decided to venture into their cooked foods like the stinky tofu.  Little cubes of deep fried tofu that's been marinating in that fermented stuff gives off an unforgettable smell.  Definitely an acquired taste and smell for all.  (It really wasn't all that bad though!)We all left pretty satisfied with our dinner - a good selection of food, tasty stuff, and definitely had us curious for more.  As other (Chinese speaking) diners came pouring through the doors, some came for hot pot while others came for their regular menu.I'd definitely return...come with a party of four so you can try out more things!  And it won't break the budget either!
4	Best beef noodle soup I ever had in the states. I grew up in LA and lived in LV for 18 years.
3	wow this place gets pretty good reviews... i like it but i prefer chinatown express in the main chinatown mall..ive had a few dishes here, like the beef noodle... which is ok.places to get better beef noodle in las vegas? NOODLES @ BELLAGIO or CHINATOWN EXPRESS in the main chinatown mall.One thing i do come here for is the Pork Chop with Minced Pork Rice. It is really good. Ask them for a Tea Egg.The other dishes ive had here are really just soo soooo..Taiwanese food is realllly reaaalllly good... Its places like this that make taiwanese food look more of a lazy, ghetto food rather than a gourmet. Some might argue it is...; more home style... but this place is just so-so to me.Its good, but not authentic. They have mexicans in the back cooking it... (No Offense, I kno alot of mexicans cook good ass food from all different ethnicities) I give this place a 3 because they are pretty stingy with the meat they put in the portions. Everything is pretty oily... even tho the pork chop is heavenly.But i don't want a heart attack so 3 it is!!!!
4	Craving some hot pot and after having a positive experience at Champion Gourmet, we thought it was time for us to return again. When we were seated, they gave us the other menu, the one without any of the hot pot choices offered. So, be sure to request the hot pot menu if that's what you want. It's a simple menu where you fill in what you want and they take care of the rest. For The Husband and I, we ordered the Lamb Pot ($15.99) and we chose both types of broth, the regular and spicy one ($1 more). In the meantime, we went to make our dipping sauces. There's a little station by the fridge where you can spoon up some sesame oil, peanut sauce, garlic and scallions. On the side, you can also find hot chili oil, chili sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, etc. While you're getting your sauces, don't forget to grab one of those long handled spoons and maybe an extra bowl for yourself. I forget that there's a lot of self service stations here, so you're more than welcome to help yourself to the hot tea and cold water available too. Our veggie platter included thin rice noodles, udon noodles, enoki mushrooms, squash, tomatoes, napa cabbage, tofu (2 kinds), corn, and zucchini. Our lamb platter arrived with shaved slices of raw lamb ready to be cooked. This place was busy, with non-Asians as well. Most of the surrounding tables were doing hot pot too, but I did see a few bowls of soup noodles come out as well. Overall, it's a small restaurant that has its following. Their little grocery store also keeps them in business. But I'm sure it's their simple and inexpensive hot pot menu that really has coming back for more.
4	Great authentic food. self service on the drink...
4	This is the first time I've been to Chinatown in Las Vegas. This place was recommended to my cousin by one of his friends. It's a small mom and pop place on the second story of an asian plaza. It was empty when we got there for lunch around 1-1:30pm. In fact we thought they were closed. Most of us had the spicy beef noodle dish. It is around $6.50 or $7 and you get lots of vermicelli-like noodles with baby bok choy and about four pieces of beef. The broth was really good and the meat was nice and tender. A couple of people had a cold noodle dish, which looked really good too. Water and tea are all self serve.The prices are good and the portions are huge, so if you're hungry this is the place to go. The next time I am in Las Vegas I will definitely stop by again to try the other dishes on their menu.
5	Found this by accident, almost walked past it because it looked more like a little shop than a restuarant. I visit the vietnamese restuarant alot and never tried this place. I saw the mix reviews on yelp but this place is authentic, one of the better Beef noodles I have tried. Originally from LA thats a big compliment, beef noodles is suppose to have oil on top, its called flavor! The noodles are perfect texture, soft but a little firm in the middle still. The broth was hot, full of flavor with a little spice and it had pickled minced veggies which made it better because of the extra complexity it added. The meat portion was ok but the qualty of the tendons and beef were great. Quality over quantity. I would definately go back again and again.
4	ahhhh finally another spicy meal living up to its chili peppery-ness!  My friend Derek and I have been hunting for the spiciest foods in Vegas and Champion Gourmet lived up to the hype!This family run joint is a quaint place on the 2nd level of the shopping center on Spring Mountain just west of Decatur.  We got all spicy broth (you can do the yin yang thing if you want) - and ordered the lamb-seafood hotpot for $19.99 (enough for 2).  You can order lots and lots of extras but the waitress (the daughter) ensured us there is no need, especially if we got the seafood upgrade rather than just lamb (a $4 deal).We had lamb, mussels, cuttlefish, fish, shrimp with heads on, and imitation crabmeat.  The veggies/others: tofu, vermicelli, udon noodles, kabocha squash, zucchini, tomatoes, corn on the cob, lots and lots of napa cabbage, and enoki mushrooms.  You make your own dipping sauce with garlic sauce, bbq sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil, and peanut sauce plus cilantro and green onions.Overall, this was a fantastic, filling, and tasty experience.  It came with hot oolong tea and water.  The daughter was incredibly overbearing in the beginning (checking on us, trying to educate us in hot pot as if we didn't know anything, telling us where to get sauces, asking if we needed anything, telling us no MSG, on and on and on) - she finally decided to do homework and give us some space.This was fun, interactive, affordable, tasty, spicy, and I have to say - I actually liked the softness of imitation crab (haha laugh at me) and the frozen mussels (there is a first time for everything!)go if you dare...haha :)
4	Yah! I'm a fan.....of Champion Gourmet!Everything is home-made, remind me when I was in Taiwan.... made me miss my hometown so much! Actually this place could be between 4-5stars, but I just hope they can provide 'little fast' food if possible. Or maybe the dish I order take more time to cook :) Overall, ' yah! I'm a fan '..... sorry! getting sleep, I'll take some pictures and post on yelp soon.
2	On 2/2/10, My party of three came to Champion Gourmet for the hot-pot.  We found it disappointing.The atmosphere sucked.  The place was cluttered and run-down, with a television blaring Chinese language soap operas at full volume for the entire meal.  We had to get our own water from a water cooler with dinky Styrofoam cups.  We experienced a severe language barrier with the wait staff, which in of itself is not a deal-breaker, but in conjunction with everything else, made the bitter icing on an already crappy cake. Our hot pot took a long time to come to the table.  We ordered the spicy broth, with lamb as our main protein.  A plate of enoki mushrooms, squash, corn on the cob, cabbage, zucchini, tofu, and noodles was included with the lamb, gratis.  We also ordered some shrimp dumplings, clams, and squid balls.  The lamb was great - no complaints there.  The veggies were fine, too, and the squash was surprisingly delicious.  However, the shrimp dumplings were truly disgusting.  They tasted - and smelled - like low tide.  Oh my word, were they fishy and briny!  They stank up all our soup!  They tasted so amazingly bad, I couldn't determine if that was their intended flavor, or if they'd simply gone rancid.  And the clams were no better.  I couldn't believe how rank they were.  The squid balls kept me from losing all faith in this place's seafood.  They were chewy and mild, with a slightly sweet flavor.Even though the wait staff was sitting in the same room as our party, they were too busy watching the TV to attend to us whatsoever.  I had to walk up to one of them and physically tap her on the shoulder to get her to take our second order (more lamb, and more noodles).I was afraid that we might get food poisoning from the seafood, but my friends and I seemed fine all evening.  I've had better hot-pot at a Chinese buffet in Saint Louis, Missouri.  I won't be back.
