2	I have a bunch of 2 for 1 coupons for this place so we decided to go the other night.  Right on par with the Imperial Palace buffet with a couple more things at the carving station (prime rib, turkey and lamb) and a semi-large selection of desserts.They did have crab, shrimp (unpeeled), crawfish and mussels but it was all dry and tasteless.  How can they serve crab like this?  There was also this old lady walking around muttering to no one that they didn't have a very big vegetable selection which I agreed with.  Quite a "garden" it was. I guess I am just spoiled from having so many other buffets choices here in town.  This is not worth coming to..EVER.  Even The Palms buffet is better than this.
2	The quality of the food here was decent, not great.  Long ass lines to get to certain food selections.  The staff was slow.  How long does it take to get drinks to a table.Now the dessert buffet was good. I was surpised the buffet was dayum near at the back of the hotel.  Highlight for me was seeing the flamingos outside.  This place desparately needs an overhaul like the slot machines they had right out the door.They need to close for one more reason, to clean the carpets.  If I had to chose, I'd go to the MGM Buffet at least, the staff is faster and it's cleaner.  Besides that, no lines.
1	We are "clueless" where to dine & were pretty tired from our drive from Colorado and a stop over in Salina, UT... we decided just to go with the flow.  We were all hungry, at that point, so on that faithful Sunday July 20 we gave Paradise Garden Buffet a try.With the price for the buffet, we ARE Indeed Disappointed.  The only thumbs up is the dessert spread.  The only thing I can think of.  The rest of the food is pretty much ok, not so great.  Some food that is supposed to be hot was cold and just plain bland.Nevertheless, we will try to visit Vegas and explore other places in the future.  Save your money on some where else ... just DO NOT GO here... I rest my case.
2	definitely not worth it.  i felt the selection was very limited.  dessert section was not impressive.  there weren't even any fruits.  although there is a whole section for salad.  the lamb was very dry when i tried it and the guy that was cutting the meat stares at people up and down.  just a bunch of very mediocre items presented.  i would not go back again.  waste of my money.  the only good thing was the lady that was serving my table.  she was really sweet.
4	I have been to this buffet twice and have enjoyed it both times.  The first time I visited was with my family and we had more of the breakfast items.  Service was fast and friendly.  The second time I visited this buffet was for the champagne buffet and this experience was fantastic.  There were four of us there and the service was impeccable.  Before we had even gotten halfway through our champagne, someone was back to refill us right away!  The food was wonderful and we all left full and happy.  We certainly got our money's worth.Ask for seats near the windows so that you can see the flamingos outside.
4	For some reason, the Flamingo's buffet seems to be getting a bad rap.  I've been here a couple times and have enjoyed it very much.  They have a great seafood spread ("pile" is probably more accurate), a nice variety of entrees, a couple good choices at the carving station, and some pretty solid desserts.  It's not the fanciest buffet out there, but they do good work.+It's easy to find coupons for it, and comps that you get on the Harrah's Total Rewards cards can be used here.
2	I came here with a party of 18 for dinner. I think it was 22$ a head and I'm glad I didn't pay because it was disappointing. The waitress did not once fill up our drinks until my boyfriend chased her down (funny she didn't fill his). She was probably happy she knew she was getting 18% gratuity since we were a large party. The food was mediocre at best but nothing stood out. At least there's a nice view of the birds :)
2	I'm a big fan of buffets.  But this buffet definitely had that "old hotel" feel, and the food was just OK.  The food was similar quality to Old Country Buffet (not to put OCB down, but at least their price is on point with the quality of their food!)Just having arrived from our morning flight, we were practically starving when we got to the hotel.  After checking in, we immediately went downstairs to the buffet.  Luckily we used our resort credit of $30 that we got when we booked the room, because for free, the food was fine.  We went here around 11ish am, so they were transitioning between breakfast and lunch.  PROS:  I have to disagree with the reviewers that said they had no fruit selection or a good dessert area - since they had both!  They had a nice selection of fresh fruit, and the dessert area was nice!  They had little slices of different cakes and tarts (my fav!) - and they even had a crepes station.  Their bread pudding was delicious, although I've had better elsewhere.  I ate two servings!  :)  They also had a nice selection of cheese, and BBQ ribs were good.  This was the prime location to watch the flamingos from inside, too.CONS:  It was I think $16 per person, which for the quality of the food it should have been closer to $9.99.  I didn't touch anything on the salad bar, it all looked old and unappetizing.  Even the person sitting next to us we overheard saying the same thing.  I did manage to get some mixed corn from there but it had no flavor.  They also had ceviche, which was questionable since I wasn't sure how long it had been sitting out, but tasted ok and I didn't get sick from it!   In conclusion, this place was ok for free, and for starving people.  Otherwise, there are way better buffets in Vegas than this just a few minutes walk away!
3	Stayed at the Flamingo, and the Wife and I ate breakfast here every morning, mostly because we were too starving/lazy to haul our butts elsewhere.The breakfast buffet was fine. All the usual suspects were offered, and it was all fresh and tasty. The made to order omlettes were nice. We used 2-for-1 coupons everyday, but we still thought it was a bit pricey for breakfast. Of course, you can get your money's worth by stuffing yourself silly. I think I set a bacon consumption record while I was there.Two less than thrilling points: * Sitting by the windows gives you a great view of the flamingo habitat. Unfortunately, we  were told they were reserved for "Gold Members". WTF? They were empty! You still have an okay view though.* My BIG tip: When a server comes to offer drinks, order a couple! They don't swing by too often.I'm sure there are better buffets around town, but as I said, we were lazy.
2	Tooling around Vegas late at night one is left with the conundrum...do I want to spend $40/50/person+ and expect great food (being disappointed with anything less), or do I spend less and take a major roll of the dice that my dinner might be better fit for a dog?Deciding that at least if a buffet isn't that great, you can still really fill up, we found ourselves on line for a couple minutes before entering this buffet at the Flamingo.  Selection was decent, but hardly huge, and even the dessert area, while taking up a lot of space, didn't really have that much variety to offer.  Do we really need 25 feet of "sugar-free desserts"?The drink service was annoying to say the least, as the soda hardly tasted right, and the servers rarely paid you any attention.  Why no open area to get your own drinks?The food itself ranged from marginal at best (lobster bisque, pasta) to forgettable but decent (poultry dishes, other seafood) to fairly good (green beans, fried rice, beef dishes).  The desserts were hit and miss as well.In the end, for $25 a person, this was right on the edge of tolerable.  One could fill up on pretty decent food, and that was the saving grace.  However, I'm sure it far from the best buffet or best deal available on the strip.  It was essentially the hand we were dealt, and at least we didn't lose our shirts.
4	I really liked the food here at Paradise Garden Buffet. I absolute love seafood and finally got some crab legs on my last trip to Las Vegas here. I would come back next time I go. I used the 2-4-1 coupon with my friends and family so yeah we all got a good deal.  The service was okay,  the waiter was kinda slow getting the drinks, but I am not a hater.  Its all good.
2	$47 dollars for 2 people, you would think the food is good. This crap was nasty. The only foods that were decent was the little fried shrimp and the ice cream. What a waste of money and time. Never again and why was it so much dessert, but hardly anything else?
1	We went to this buffet because we had coupons for a free show ticket  to Nathan Burton's Comedy Magic Show, if we purchased a meal. When we got there the lady said the coupon was wrong and it was actually buy a show ticket and get a free buffet! WTF!! False advertising I'd say. We walked so far just to get here and were so hungry so we just decided to eat here.  I regret every paying for the buffet... the food was very limited and not good at all! The dessert section was surprisingly bigger than the whole hot foods section, but disgusting desserts!
5	If you stay at the Flamingo or the Hilton Vacation suites next door they give you a book of coupons, use this book. They have a decent selection of all things good here, if you're wasted (you're in vegas, you're wasted) make sure you drink a lot of milk and eat a lot of prime rib. This is a 13 dollar buffet that tastes like a 20 dollar buffet. Highly recommended.
1	So I wasn't so excited about going to this place, it just didn't seem like my kind of place. Atlas, at the insistence of someone else, we went. And yuck. Well, while we were standing in line, there was a big menu-esque thing describing all the different stations they had, and it sort of got me excited. I planned on filling up on sushi and sea food. So we get in, and the buffet is literally about ten feet long, that's it. Each station consisted of one food item. Sure I was happy to see the big mound of shrimp and crab legs, but it ended up grossing me out instead. How long have they been sitting out, exactly? I don't know, but the shrimp still had the shell on them, and, it was a little fishy. Fishy seafood is a no-no.I didn't even enjoy the desert buffet. Although I had two dinner rolls, that's pretty much what I filled up on. But you can't really screw up dinner rolls, can you? (knock on wood)I don't plan on going back, or even recommend anyone else going there. But I did see Donnie Osmond in person! Not that I had anything to say to the guy, I mean, exactly what is he famous for? Anyway, I would've hoped he'd have better taste in food than the buffet at Flamingo...
1	No. Do not eat here. Probably the worst buffet ever at a Las Vegas hotel for the money you pay. They don't even have a buffet worth selection of foods. Just a couple things here and there. This wasn't a buffet, it was food already chosen for your meal that you get up and go get yourself. Avoid the Donnie and Marie dolls in the gift shop on your way there because I think they're cursed.
4	What's with the 1 stars? Are you kidding me? I'm just going to assume those people were so drunk they forgot to chew. This buffet was GLORIOUS! Part of that is because Gloria is the best waitress ever. She filled my glass of Orange Juice, I chugged it (needing the fluids) and she turned right around and filled it up again! That's great customer service if I ever saw it. When we checked in to the Flamingo we got a coupon book that gave two people $5 off of the buffet. That was a sign from above because there were 2 of us! Normally I guess the breakfast buffet is $14.99 but we got it for $10. No champagne in this one, but it being our last day, I could live with that. If you've read any of my other reviews you'll know that I know my way around a breakfast, and this place did too! Bagels with smoked salmon lox and cream cheese, amazing french toast and waffles, a crepe station (ask for banana, they have it!), an omelet station (that will blow your mind! I'll get to that later) and bacon, sausage, an amazing amount of good fruit and everything else. It was all to die for. Literally, the best omelet I've ever had, the ingredient were fresh and perfect. The crepe was huge and with just bananas and sugar the perfect amount of sweet. The fruit was better then any we had had so far and even the toast was so good I was eating it dry while waiting for them to make my omelet. We were there during the lunch switch and I saw some people eating ribs, and I would have grabbed some if I thought I could get on a plane with that much food in my stomach. This buffet is worth coming to even if you're not at the Flamingo. So fantastic. Maybe the best meal we had in the whole vacation!
3	2.51 stars.What can I say?  The highlight of this buffet for me was the mashed potatoes with whole cloves of roasted garlic mixed in.  Yum.The peel and eat shrimp was better than other buffets.  Crab legs were a fail.  The carving station meats were ok.  This buffet had pad thai...labeled as stuffed shells or something.  Strange.The service was unimpressive bordering on rude and hurried.Overpriced.
1	Don't waste your time or money.  Went there on my last morning in LV only because I didn't have time to get to the Paris buffet.  Completely regret that decision and wished I had gone to McDonald's instead.  To make matters worse, they charged $21.99 for "brunch" due to the holiday (it was the day after Thanksgiving) yet outside of a few  SAD salad items, I didn't see any  "brunch" like items.  Coffee was horrible, waiter was mediocre at best, and food was pretty bad (almost as bad as the Sahara's).  If you're not particular about your food, it may be ok for you, but as for me---I'll go to the Paris buffet.  It is by far the best quality for the buck.
1	Oh boy, I have had some pretty bad buffets in Las Vegas, but this one is without a doubt, the worst. That includes Sahara, Imperial Palace and Cirucs circus. This buffet's claim to fame is that "every night is crab and prime rib night!" It's true, but they forgot to put that the crab meat is salty and cold and served without butter and that the prime rib is fatty and gross. Usually at a buffet I try just a tiny bit of anything that intrigues me, and that absolutely gorge on whatever I liked. Here, there was NOTHING that I wanted any more of. Hell, I didn't even finish the tiny bits I put on my plate. To top it off, it costs $23 plus tax. On the low average for dinner buffets in vegas, but not even close to being worth it. You couldn't pay me to eat here again. By the way, I didn't like it and everything was gross.
3	My sister and I had breakfast here on our last day in Vegas. We ended up really lucky because some ladies in front of us were handing out extra coupons for the buffet. For breakfast it was a excellent buffet, a good spread, and even if it wasn't a huge variety, or anything exotic, it was all the fare you would expect at breakfast, as well as a waffle and omlet station. It was very clean, service was a little slow, but decent and the food was all well cooked. If you get the coupon it makes the price much more reasonable.
1	There's a reason for the 1 star review from the people that gave it a 1 star.  Like me, they have had better food elsewhere.  I have no complaints about the service. Service was great and price decent.  I stay at Flamingo all the time and every single time I come to this Paradise Garden Buffet and would be disappointed.  Their food are just bland and so limited in selections.  My guests and I would walk round and round and still have an empty plate.  There's really nothing good.  When I leave, they would hand me a slip to fill out for survey.  I would fill it out with the good service, but lousy food and selection hoping it will change next time around.  It never did; hence, the 1 star review.  Hope they act up and get some really good chef in here and put out more selection of food instead of leaving the middle with desserts only.  The buffet is divided into three sections with the middle being dessert and the front and the last section serving the same type of food.  They should move the dessert section to the end and merge the front and middle section and open up more stations with better selections like Asian menu.
1	This place was really not up to par and should not be in existence in Las Vegas.  Compared to the other buffets around Las Vegas, Flamingo fails for dinner buffet.  THE GOOD:  1. They have cold shrimp and crab legs.    2. The mashed potatoes are very tasty!3. They had a Crepe station!  The fruit filling is not fresh.  It's jam.  THE BAD:  1. A place like this has cold shrimp and crab legs!!???  Not too bad, but it just did not look as fresh as at Bellagio.   2. Dessert bar consists only of cookies, cake slices, iced cream (not        really ice cream).  Where's the creme brulee???3. Very soggy vegetables. 4. No strawberries nor pineapple in the fruit section.  I would definitely spend my money elsewhere, even if I have to wait in line longer and pay a little more.  (*Hint* Think Bellagio)
3	Although it was 3:30pm, we had to wait 40 minutes. By the time we came out at 5pm, the line looked like it was probably at a 2-hr wait. When we were finally let in, we saw that despite the huge line outside, there were plenty of unoccupied tables that were simply waiting to be cleared/bussed. The messy tables were filled with dirty plates, dirty glasses, napkins, etc. Maybe they were short on waitstaff (it was during the week of Christmas), but It definitely detracted from the atmosphere. They have crab legs, shrimp, mussels on ice. Those seemed to be a big hit, though I personally don't love raw seafood. They also have an extensive salad bar -- it's not a whole foods salad bar, but it has all the basic salad fixins and some premade salads. It was a pretty average salad bar. The sushi area was poor: they had a cucumber-seaweed salad, some california rolls, and a tuna roll. The hot foods area had something for everyone, but nothing was superb. A lot of dishes erred on the sweet side (roasted winter vegetables, prime rib, some fish dish), which I found annoying. Desserts include bread pudding, blueberry crisp, made-to-order crepes, and lots of cakes. They also had some sugarfree options!I left feeling full and happy. We had 5$ off coupons, so the buffet was $19.99.  For the price, the food was okay: nothing superb, nothing awful.
3	So my boyfriend and I went to Vegas and decided to eat at the Paradise Garden Buffet because I heard they had great crab legs.  There's only 3 registers so it takes awhile to be able to pay and then you need to wait in another line to be sat.  Most employees here are a bit older, but are really sweet. The service was pretty good, I always had my drinks refilled. When I asked for hot sauce, the lady came out with 4 which I really appreciate. The food was definitely Americanized, and I don't think it was that great but for 20 bucks, I got ribs, orange chicken, and crab legs. They also split the crab legs for you so it's easier to eat. I liked the dessert mainly because they had chocolate fondue and my boyfriend got himself a crepe which was great. I just didn't enjoy the food all that much. The pad thai was very much americanized and the rice wasn't cooked well enough. But for $20, I left very full and satisfied!
3	This isn't the best buffet I've been to in Las Vegas, nor is it the worst.  It's very much somewhere in between.We went to the Paradise Garden Buffet despite the so-so reviews because:A. It was in our hotel, and...B. We had a coupon for $10 off of two meals.We ended up going for the "champagne and bloody mary brunch" on Saturday morning, and though I didn't partake of the bloody marys I did consume what was probably more champagne than a single person should ever have before noon.  The food was very average on the whole, but we really enjoyed the fresh crepe-making station - the place gets extra points for that.  Also, I could see flamingos from my seat... once again, nice touch.  Also, when we walked in with our receipt and meal ticket we honestly weren't sure which was which, so when my boyfriend asked the awesome lady at the hostess station about it she replied "The LONG one is mine *eyebrow raise, all sultry like*," and it cracked me the hell up.Would I go back without a coupon?  Probably not.  But if you happen to be staying at the Flamingo, you're hungry, and you're not quite ready to face the light of day, this isn't a bad place to get some breakfast.
3	I really wish I didn't wait so long between eating somewhere and writing reviews because now my memory is bad.  'm on vacation for 2 weeks, so I can try to play some catch up.When my parents are in Las Vegas, we like to visit a different buffet every day.  What can I say?  We like to eat.  The fact that I don't remember anything from this place must mean that it is mediocre, nothing good to remember about it, but nothing terrible to remember about either.  I'm sure I left stuffed, as usual, because that's what buffets tend to do.  Maybe the next time I come back, I can write a review relatively soon after the meal and I can be more detailed.  For now, this will have to do.
2	I'm not a fan of this buffet.There was a ton of people there, waiting in line, yet only half of it was open. If they opened the other half, the place would've been packed without the angry patrons.The food wasn't that great, but it is a cheap buffet. The waiter refilled my cup once and left it empty the rest of the time. Even after I got his attention for it.I just like that you can see the flamingos through the window.
2	Was not a fan of this buffet.  I had heard it wasn't good, and we only came because we were doing the Buffet of Buffets (Where you pay $35 for 24 hrs of access to any of 7 buffets) and we were gambling and decided we were wanted to take advantage and go to as many buffets as we could and we'd just go here.  Luckily it was a late meal, so we weren't starving but just wanted a little late night snack.  There was nothing that was that great here.  It didn't even look all that great.  I did enjoy the cotton candy that they had when I left, though!
3	Waited in a long line of people.   This line moves one foot every ten minutes and I'm so hungry.   Service wasn't up to par.   Oooh my gosh!  All these people passing up our long line have silver cards.     These big spenders just fly right in, escorted by a manager.  Then after I git to the register, I find out I coulda went ta the front of the line too. I had a gold card.      Escorts / hostess look for empty tables for us    Plate of Shrimp, a plate of prime rib, a plate of dried up lamb, off I go to pig out.     Our left over dishes were piled high on the table..    Overall....food is average.      They need more cash register booths, so the lines move quicker.  .
5	Paradise Garden Buffet in the Flamingo hotel is one of the 7 buffets that you can eat at with the 24 hour buffet pass in Vegas. My family and I went to this buffet the most times.Overall, I love this place! Out of all the buffets I ate at (not including Harrah's because I didn't get the chance to eat there..) I think this place had the most food, and it was also roomy too. Very spacious, lots of place s to sit and wasn't too crowded when I went. The first time I went, there was a very long line..but several minutes later, one of the hosts moved my me and my fam up to a different line and were served right away, because had the 24 hour buffet bracelet on. Woohoo!My only complaint about this place is that sometimes, they are slow to get your drink orders.I was also enjoyed by the fact that they have cotton candy as one of their desserts, haha. I didn't get it..but it was fun to see. It was a first for me. I also liked the chocolate fountain they had where you can dip strawberries, marshmallows, etc.They also had a ton of desserts. Coming from a health freak family, I like the fact that they are sugar-free as well.I am definitely coming back to this place!
3	service was by far the best at this buffet then any other we had in vegas, food was ok toobut way over priced for a buffet
1	AWFUL.  The sushi looked like it had been left out for hours, the crab legs were skimpy, the shrimp was slimy, the salad fixin's were limp, fruit looked like it came out of a can, the desserts were dry and tasted cheap.  We were a table of 6 and ALL of us were disappointed.  To make matters worse, the cashier was SO INCREDIBLY RUDE ((Martha)), and when we asked to speak to a manager ((Kevin)) I had never seen anyone look so annoyed at me in my life.  Horrible customer service, AWFUL food.  AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE.
3	Food wasn't even hot...one of the worst buffets I've been to.  The only thing I liked about this buffet was the chocolate fountain where you can make your own chocolate dipped strawberries.  Besides that, the food was eh and below average.  If you have a choice, please do yourself a favor and try a different buffet.  The only good thing is that there's really no wait and you get a nice view of the beautiful flamingos outside.
5	This buffet is not quite as huge as Rio but it's still is a  pretty big place with three huge sections, two sections with different specialties (i.e. one Italian, Mexican, and the other with Asian, American, etc.), both with an all you can eat Prime Rib and delicious, fresh Crab Legs, Shrimp.The middle section is filled with all kinds of desserts, cakes, cheesecake, cookies, ice cream with toppings, cotton candy, and make your own crepes. Taste-wise, this buffet is excellent, they had some Dim Sum when I went a week ago and it was delicious, the Alfredo Pasta was great as well.Bottom line:  Been going here for years and would come back again, especially since this buffet is part of that 24 hour Buffet Pass Deal.
4	We bought the 24 hour buffet passes here and used it for Sunday brunch.  I liked it.  There wasn't as much lunch time food as you would usually get at other brunch buffets.  It was definitely more breakfast focused.  However, I was able to find more than enough food to leave myself full.  Our waitress was attentive at continually refilling the champagne glasses and they were handing out mini bottles of vodka to make your own bloody mary.  I was nice and tanked by the time I had finished brunch.  I can see a lot of people not enjoying this buffet but I go into all buffets the same way.  I will find some things I really enjoy and some things I do not enjoy.
1	Yes, I ate here only because I wanted to watch the flamingos outside the window.  The food was NOT GOOD.  One of the worst buffets ever.  Not even that cheap, actually overpriced for what it is.  Food was luke warm, not very many choices, and just tasted bad (I went for lunch).  The buffet at Orleans is cheaper, larger, and SIGNIFICANTLY better.
3	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!We started our 24 hour eating adventure at 7:52 Sunday morning at the Flamingo.Paradise Garden Buffett- Decent breakfast selection including a carving station with prime rib and ham. Warning, don't piss off the man carving the prime rib because he has sharp knives and a short temper...just sayin'. They also have cotton candy and a chocolate fountain in the dessert section which is fun, even at 8 o'clock in the morning. We made a second stop here at noon, which is when the Sunday brunch starts and your first bloody mary is free. They give you an airplane bottle of vodka at the cashier and you are able to visit the nicely appointed "make your own bloody mary bar." Note, each additional airplane bottle of vodka will cost you $3. My suggestion is to bring a flask. Also, champagne is included with brunch.Overall, the food is pretty average here. Breakfast service was robotic, and the psychotic man at the carving station has a short temper and sharp knives so beware. Just don't ask for a more rare piece of prime rib and you should be fine. The service at brunch was awesome!
1	Horrible!! Firstly it was way overpriced...kid's price was only 2 dollars cheaper that adult. After paying $75 for me and my 2 kids (8yr and 4yrs) we were sat down at a dirty table. When I asked for a clean table she acted like it was a chore. Then I proceeded to get my son some food. When I picked up the tongs I noticed a bug flying around. Upon closer inspection there were numerous bugs flying around the food! And many more dead in the ice that surrounded the cold food and salad! A couple were crawling on their  sandwiches! I put down the plate and requested the manager for a full refund. Though the manager was courteous, it took him 20 min to issue my refund! And while I was standing there waiting for him to do the refund they continued to take more guests money and seat them. I take the 1 star I gave this place back and give them 0! Do not eat here unless u like unexpected friends in your food!
2	I have heard so many great things about this buffet and needless to say... either they lied or where too trashed to realize how terrible it was. The food was horrible and disorganized. I couldn't tell what was what in the trays and hot holds. Seriously the labels were either gone or wrong. The salds were ok, but the veggies and sides for choosing did not look to fresh. The meats were stale and flavorless. The chinese food selection was gross. The only reason I gave this buffet two stars is because the hostess gave us free extra sky vodka mini bottles and the dessert selection was very good. But then again, how can you mess up cakes, ice cream and chocolate??? I especially liked the crepe station where they make it to your order and right in front of you.
3	It was eh ok.  The food could be better... I will be going to the Wynn now.
4	This review is for 11/13/2010.  I lost majority of my receipts and I managed to just get this out of my bag. As many of you know, I am a Vegas lover. Who isn't?! I got a BOGO offer from Harrah's to tryout any of their properties buffet. I wanted to try something different. With my mom's birthday at hand, I decided to go to Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet for the breakfast buffet. When we arrived at the restaurant area, there was a lot of people lined up. However, it was for the Tropical Breeze Cafe. When we walked a little bit to Paradise Garden Buffet, there was another line, but it was for special guests...lol. I guess Special Guests were treated like normal customers. So, I went to the regular line and in seconds I was at a cashier while the others waited in line for minutes. I was greeted by Brenda. I gave her my Total Rewards Card, my coupon, my ID, and my credit card. Wow...that's a lot to give for food. Apparently, we came in during Champagne Brunch. Since it was just my mom and me, the total would have been $52.00. Whoa...$52 for two...Don't forget my coupon. My total would be $27.01. It would be $24.99 per person for Champagne Brunch.When you do pay, they ask what you would like to drink. Its not extra charge, but its just a way to get servers tips since there is no soda fountain. We were seated by Marilou or Mary Lou and OFF TO GET FOOD!!! OMG, they had shrimp and mussels. I knew I had to fill me up. I got my eggs, sausage, this weird looking egg muffin that had no bread on top, but bread on the bottom, salmon, and hash browns. I got another plate and filled it with shrimp and mussels. YUMMO!!!Best meal of the day. Unfortunately, my mother and I didn't take advantage of the free champagne since we don't drink. The shrimp and the mussels were the best part of the meal. It was like I was a whale and just ate the whole Pacific Ocean. Meal is a little pricey, but we are nowhere near the ocean and there was life here at a casino that seems like it was falling apart. Plus, the coupon help pay for my Mom's Birthday...lol.The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
3	Stop four on the buffet of buffets journey.Pretty decent/averagish buffet. The crab legs were kind of sad looking. The Mac and cheese was tasty. The desert bar is the best yet . The desert bar had a chocolate fountain with strawberries and marshmallows to dip in it.
3	This buffet is Not Bad for the buck....Pretty good amount of selection, but nothing special. Everything is together, meats, carving station, seafood and salad area isnt bad. This buffet had 2 areas you can go which has same kind of food...Not as extravagant as Rio, Paris or Mandalay Bay but descent, good service and big area to eat in....
3	the buffet of buffets for $40 is a good deal for 24hrs of unlimited buffets across 7 different properties, we ate here mainlywhat you would expect, prime rib, shrimp, crab legs, etcgood quality and taste for the $$
4	It was the week between Xmas and NYE in Vegas. There were so many people there...all the more popular buffets like the Paris and Spice(planet hollywood) were packed! There was literately a line to get in line.Since me and my friend were in a hurry to catch a show and had bought the buffet of buffets pass, we wanted to get some food in our tummys before the show started. I remember Flamingo was the closest one that was open.The lines werent too terrible. Both me and my friend were surprised at all the delicious asian food they had. It was authentic and a lot faster than ordering at a restaurant. Since they had a make your own Pho bar, I mixed all my fav stuff, and used UDON noodles instead of the traditional PHO noodles. It was delicious. Definitely give it a try. Bet you cant get that at ur pho or japanese restaurant!I didnt really have time or the stomach for the other stuff that night, I've been here before, everything else was decent.  Not the best in vegas, but definitely a good alternative if you dont wanna walk to Paris, Spice, or Rio.
1	Total and complete dump.  Bad food and bad surroundings.  The decent servers and chefs are what make me feel bad about the rating, but I'm all about the food.
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas for breakfast.  The scenery is great.  Teyu to get a window seat so you cna watch the Koi and birds.  They have crepe and omelet stations where you can get them made to order.  They also have a good variety of fruits.  They have a champagne brunch on Sunday for $25 I think we skip that since we don't drink champange.  For lunch if you can wait until 3:30 you can pay for lunch and get some of the dinner foods.  At 4:00 they start changing over food.  Mmm .. crab legs.
2	of all the buffets I had in Vegas this was my least favorite!
3	4 stars for their Champagne brunch, 2 stars for their mid-week breakfast offerings giving a 3 star average for my most recent trip.  The Flamingo is one of the buffet of buffets (24 hour buffet pass at 7 of the 8 Caesar's buffets) options and I think a very smart choice on weekends because they include the champagne in the pass while others charge you an additional fee to add on the champagne.The offerings on the weekend are vast and change slightly as the morning progresses with breakfast items being replace by lunchier items.  During the week, they close down the back half of the buffet and the selection pretty much sucks.They've also really cut back on their staffing levels --- servers are acting as bussers in many cases and this has definitely decreased the total level of once very prompt table service.Bottom line:  buy the pass on the weekend, get yourself tipsy and avoid during the week.
2	The buffet was just okay, food seemed old and the sliced beef was impossible to cut through! The champagne/mimosas were just okay, not stingy with the champagne. Service is non-existent.With all the buffets in Vegas, I would skip this one next time I travel there.
3	Solid 3-star. Could be so much better, but "A-OK" for what it is. There are three sections: Asian, Dessert and regular Buffet-style. Asian section had a small selection of sushi (which I didn't try), various hot items like pot stickers, pork buns, etc., fried and steamed rice, various noodle dishes, typical chinese items like beef w/veggie and Gen'l Chang's chicken. Large section of build-your-own-soup where you select the items you want in your soup and give it to someone (I didn't try this, either) to make the soup for you. A lot of people were getting this, so I'm guessing it's decent. Of the items from this section that I had the pork buns were mostly bun and very little pork .. but the pork that was in there was good. Pan fried dumplings were fine as were samosas. In the regular buffet section, the prime rib was a bit disappointing. Not enough flavor. The fried chicken looked pretty good, but I didn't go back for it. Mashed potatoes w/gravy were good as was the mac & cheese (although it needed to have richer flavor, IMO). There were a lot of choices, but I wasn't in the mood for most of them, so I passed. See .. I needed to save room for dessert. The dessert section is in the middle, so as I went to check out the Asian section, I saw what was waiting there and I knew I would not want to miss dessert. Pineapple upside down cake? Ok. Chocolate fountain with marshmallows, macaroons and fruit for dipping? Certainly! Cotton damn candy .. wrapped? I'll take one to go. thankyouverymuch.Sure. I feel like I need to boot after over-indulging, but it was worth it.
5	When you're in Vegas, this is an excellent place to start your day.  The breakfast buffet has a wide offering of expected fare and for a really good price.  It's a nice place to relax with your friends, recap the night before & plan your next day.Keep in mind there are 3 "sections."  Typically the first & third have the same offering, but now always.  Last time I was there, the third actually had was dedicated to Chinese food.  The center section is packed with delicious deserts.   I know, you don't usually think about desert after breakfast, but this is Vegas, so why not?If you request it, they'll leave a pitcher of soda or coffee at your table (to save you from having to request refills).  Even though it's a buffet, remember to tip take care of your waitress.  If just dropped a few hundred on craps last night, surely you can afford to leave more than a buck.
5	We ate at this buffet for breakfast and thought it was great. We waited about 15 minutes in line to be seated which wasn't bad. The spread was pretty good. They had your typical breakfast food but also had some stuff that I wasn't expecting to see like eggs bennedict, which was delicious by the way. The service was a little shoddy but I wasn't expecting much from a buffet.
3	This is probably my least favorite of the "Buffet of Buffets", but they earn an extra star because they were open 24 hours while everyone else closed at 10 PM during our visit here over a holiday weekend.  Quality of buffet is just so-so, and at lunch, half of their items were leftovers from breakfast (scrambled eggs, bacon).  The dessert was very nice though, and generally there isn't much of a wait to get into this buffet since it's not as popular.
2	Food is dry or oily, perfect for the neighbors fog who poops on your lawn. Crepes are the only reason this place gets two stars
5	This was the second buffet in seven on the Buffet of Buffets circuit.  This was definitely the sleeper hit of them all.  The ambience is very nice.  There is nice view of the gardens outside, complete with flamingos!  They have flamingos at the Flamingo - who knew!This buffet is huge, but it doesn't look like it.  Make sure to walk around everywhere before making a decision.  There was an omelet station over by the windows that wasn't obvious.  And there are three different dining rooms.  The thrill of the hunt definitely comes into play here.Also make sure to come after 11am when all the stations are open.  The Asian food stations at the end (with prime rib thrown in the mix for good measure) are amazing.  Great, unique desserts.  They also have a make your own soup station where you fill up a bowl with vegetables, noodles, and meat.  You get a choice of chicken or beef broth.  Very tasty.The Asian station also has chicken feet, which I have never seen at a buffet.  The buffet also was serving crawfish, another unique buffet item.  A little too much work for me. See joe c.'s review from Flavors Buffet and his rant on peel and eat shrimp.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/flavors-the-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:n63ElO7rdNoo4rsMiQZi5Q That pretty much sums up my feelings on the subject.Another unique item at this buffet - they have a chocolate fountain.  Complete with custom made sneeze guard.  You have to stick your fruit, marshmallow, or rice krispies treat through a hole in the plastic to get to the chocolate.  A fun addition to a buffet.  It's over by the crepe station in the second dining area.Also, on the weekends, if you come after 10:30 am - unlimited champagne and bloody marys are included! I think it is a little more expensive, but worth it!
3	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #2 of 7 10:30 AMWe walked from Caesar's Palace to the Flamingo to make it to this stop on the BoB tour.  I was already beginning to feel stuffed from the Caesar's buffet, but charged ahead anyway.  The line here was a little longer than Caesar's, but we were seated promptly and had a nice view of the pool area where the Flamingos & Swans hung out.  I even saw a Black Swan....cool!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_kb6GT4qawjwq47OsQ52xw?select=auKWdF71D6A-MqzCJLsY-gThe 1st round we all went to the buffet near the entrance, which had standard breakfast offerings....we were a little disappointed that it was so small.  I grabbed a few Pastries, Eggs, Potatoes, and other stuff.  The food was so/so (2.5 Stars for this section)....then another Yelper Holly C said that there was a Crepe station in another room past the 1st buffet section....what?!  How did I miss that?!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_kb6GT4qawjwq47OsQ52xw?select=7yWOGpZ5VrHcpL2YWdcYnQI immediately went to investigate.....yes, there was another huge section of Desserts, a Crepe station, Chocolate Fountain, Donuts, and other goodies.  I ordered a Blueberry Crepe from the nice woman working the station.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_kb6GT4qawjwq47OsQ52xw?select=UIQgmkOtmg22t5-_inbfwwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_kb6GT4qawjwq47OsQ52xw?select=xbMwXlp78c3N82SeqQxvjwShe was very pleasant and curious about what we were doing with attempting to eat at all 7 Buffets in one day.  She did a good job on the Crepe, which tasted awesome.  The other Desserts in the area were very good (4 Stars for this section).....but it really started to fill me up.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_kb6GT4qawjwq47OsQ52xw?select=J0YxypAGNZJLQZA9yc_rVAJust when we thought we saw it all, we discovered that there was a 3rd section of the Buffet!!!  There's a Chinese food section that opens at 11 am....I was done, but a few of the Yelpers I was with went to check it out and said it was very very good.Overall, this was a hidden gem surprise as we had low expectations for this buffet.  I wish I would have paced myself better so I could try the Chinese food....next time.  3 Stars weighted average for the Desserts and 1st section of the Buffet.  Incomplete on the Chinese food for me because I didn't have any.....other Yelpers loved it.Return Factor - 72%
1	I'll make this simple.  NO.  Even though it's part of the Buffet of Buffets, it's just not worth your time or effort to come here.  Come only if you're running out of time (like at the 23rd hour and 55th minute of your BoB pass) and you need to go to one of the buffets and you're stuck in the area.The food selection is VERY limited.  The food quality is mediocre.  The only edible hot item was the roasted chicken.  Tasty and soft.DON'T try the "sushi" section.  Hell, it's not even sushi.  It's just lame ass fake crab rolls and stale salmon & tuna rolls.The service is crap here as well.  Our waitress disappeared for a period of time and we were in a hurry to get to our next buffet so this was a no-no.One plus, I suppose is that you can look at the flamingo garden from inside the dining area.  Yay.
1	It was NOT my decision to come here, I just want to make that clear before I start this review!! I'm going to keep this review relatively short because I don't have anything nice to say about this place. Variety of foods, NOT impressed at all. In fact, it was kind of depressing seeing that this was all they had even though it was lunchtime. The food was so very disappointing and even saying that is an understatement. The desserts were cute, that's one nice thing I have to say BUT I took a big spoonful of one of the desserts, ONE bite and that thing came flying out into a napkin. It  was so disgusting that I actually gagged and sat there for a couple of minutes and tried to keep myself from throwing up.Cost around $16 for lunch, sure it's "cheap" but save your stomach and please choose another buffet to eat at. I knew I should have checked yelp before agreeing to come here!!!
4	Very laid back place. My wife and I went for breakfast very good and continental. Great views and very great customer service.
1	Never, never again!!  First of all... The only reason why I came to this buffet was for convienence I was staying at Bally's and it was just one hotel over.  The food, sucks!  I was there on a Saturday for their lunch brunch and the selections sucked!!  There was not one good thing to eat.  The food was disgusting.  One positive thing... The dessert's were good.  DONT COME HERE.  TOTALLY NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!
4	This our lunch of the Buffet of Buffet and I thought that selection was limited but I like the cray fish yum yum yum!And we were seated next to the window and saw the Garden full of wild life that was special, though!But the Waitress was more attentive with our drinks....All you can eat crawfish...! Yum...!
1	There are only 2 things I can recommend about this buffet - the view of the flamingos and koi pond which is just gorgeous and our server who was attentive and friendly. And that's the one star. Sorry folks, usually I try to find positives, but this one pissed me off.The food was just so sub-par, I'm still astonished anyone goes there. Of course there were a few items that were ok... they were making fresh soft tacos to order (but this was the Mother's Day dinner and at $25.95. which I believe is more than their usual...THIS is it for freshly prepared entrees?!) No crab, no fresh shrimp...sigh...ok the chocolate fountain was good, but the neon green cheesecake weirded me out.  I have to mention decor, because it was just so tired and dated. The presentation of the food was straight out of the 70's. Truly, just keep looking at the lovely garden and animals and don't think about the money you've wasted on your meal.
1	Ugh.  No way, no how, or in between will I be back again.  Been here before and they used to be somewhat decent for a quick bite.  Comped or not it's just terrible now.From the food descriptions poorly handwritten in sharpie to the stale and grey assortment of dishes, nothing is appetizing.   About the only thing here worthwhile is the dessert area.  I ended up having a banana crepe and a bit of some corned beef hash (and no white rice!).  Servers are nice enough, but the food is just too bad to compensate.
2	The quantity of the Paradise Buffet is the same as the others in Vegas, just the quality doesn't live up.We went there for Brunch.  Standard stations along with an Asian Station and a chocolate fountain at the dessert bar.  The food overall was mediocre.  The salad bar was decent, and everyone knows that is a cardinal rule about buffets - no salad bar to fill up on.  But there wasn't anything else remotely exciting for me to fill up on.  The breakfast station was pretty empty everytime I went up, they weren't refilling it fresh.  And the buffet itself wasn't even crodwed.  There were a ton of weddings in there - either pre or post parties.  I can't remember if the mimosas were included or additional, but it was a pain to try to get them refilled.  We joked with our server to just leave the bottle so she wouldn't have to keep getting flagged down and she looked mortified.  Eh - go to Spice Market or Rio if you want a good buffet.
2	At most buffets I at least leave feeling full, unfortunately I can't say the same for this one.  While there is a large quantity of different food options, the quality makes many of those options inedible.  There were a few different things that I was able to eat but for the most part I filled up on the desserts and not the actual food.
2	I hate buffets. Why do I start that as my first sentence? Why do I even bother writing a review on a type of restaurant I do not care for? Well, it's BECAUSE of buffets like this that I hate them. Limited selection, mediocre and cheap. Paid $15.99 for lunch and I had no idea what I was eating. Why? Nothing was labeled. I spent most my time opening the heat containers and figuring what was what than eating. Egg rolls weren't bad and they had cotton candy. What I liked most was sitting at my table and watching the Chilean Flamingo area and Koi fish. Oh and the ducks and swans were pretty entertaining, too.
2	This buffet is in the Flamingo hotel and has a beautiful location with large windows viewing the habitat area.  It's cheaper than most others too: about $20 for an adult dinner.There were long line waiting to pay, and long lines waiting to get seated.  The cashier was really nice.  The hostess was less nice, seating my family next to a large table of loud "frat boys".  At least all they were was loud since I was expecting them to get rude and vulgar... but they appear to have been well-bred frat boys since that never happened.  They left eventually.The selection is varied but considerably smaller than most other Vegas buffets.  What was notable, though, was the clear inferiority of the food.  Much of it just didn't look good.  Some didn't look like was being described.  For example, there was a sign for "chicken and cheese pierogie" but what I tasted was a previously frozen, breaded chicken stuffed with cheese.  Nothing at all like a pierogie!Crab legs were not split, making eating them messy.  One interesting item not seen on some of the other budget buffets was crawfish. Even the salad bar offerings was sparse.  Oddly, only goopy salad dressings and not an oil/vinegar option.  Wierd.Best items: the bread rolls (really), and the plain horseradish.Worst item: the gelatinous brown gravy.Recommended items: the slightly tough rib roast and baked potato (how can they screw that up... except to mark them as baked SWEET potato).  If you insist on sour cream for the baked potato... I couln't find any so substituted the creamed horseradish instead.  Weirdest item:  an entire area full of Middle Eastern and Italian "mezze", but practically empty.We didn't really eat much, and enjoyed even less.Dessert selection didn't dissapoint in quantity.  As expected, some items looked better than others.  The kids just LOVED dipping marshmallows and fruit in the chocolate fountain.I opted for a fresh-made crepe.  the guy making the crepe did a nice job making it.  then offered a choice of four or five fruit fillings (canned pie filling kids of stuff).  Then, in one amazing motion, folded the crepe into a apple-filled football-like configuration, and flopped it onto the plate.  Could have been more dainty, I suppose, but it never changed the taste... which was just OK.The waiter, though, almost drove this review into the 1-star category.  He was an nice older man who was tired and seems to have had no aptitude or interest in being a waiter.  He was never there when we needed him, and when he did show up never looked at us and took off so fast we couldn't ask him for anything... like beverage refills.  Throughout our meal he took care of refills of my wife and kids, once, but seemed to avoid me like I had the mark of Satan on my forehead.Of course, when we were leaving, he cuddled up and made nice-nice  to "Satan"... presumably  in hopes of a tip.
3	Ive been here for breakfast and I've been here for dinner. It was OK Nothing memorable
3	I came here for breakfast on the day of departure from my last trip.  I had a Buy One Get One coupon from Las Vegas Perks.  Thankfully I did.$14.99 for breakfast (Stupid Strip prices.  If I was paying full price I would just drive to Gold Coast for their cheap yet simliar buffet).The furniture is worn out here, the service lacks and the breakfast selection is on par with most low-tier buffets.  (Cold eggs, greasy bacon that you can put on the soles of your shoes and skate through the lobby in, bad pastries.)The only things I seemed to like was the view of the Flamingo Habitat and the Rice Crispie Treats they had.  If I could, I'd leave a 2.5.  Unfortunately, I need to round up or down and I'll round up since I paid $14.99 for two people.  Do not pay full price for this buffet or have high expectations.  You will be severely let down.
2	I am giving this 2 1/2 stars as it has goods and bads.Lets start with the positives:Nice scenery as we were seated next to the Flamingo exhibit.Food was good, not great, but good.Large choice of foods and desserts were yummy.Lets finish with the not so good:Our waitress was horrible. Had to ask 5 times for water and still never got it. Had to ask three times for coffee before getting that. Its a bit expensive for what it has to offer and the service.$20.00 for a brunch buffet that does not include the champagne just doesn't cut it.Don't think I would try here again.
3	It was my only buffet experience in Vegas. Went to a 4pm show at the Flamingo and decided to eat right after the show.  There was a line, but the wait was minimal. Food all seemed fresh. We had a view of Flamingos and a waterfall. The price seemed more than reasonable for the quality and selection.
3	Decent buffet. Didn't have much but had a lot of what they did have. I like this buffet because they offer grapefruit juice. Also I like seeing the flamingos outside the window.
3	*Review only for the breakfast buffet* 2.5When you're comparing (and that's the unfortunate thing about Vegas - always comparing) this breakfast to Paris' buffet breakfast, it is no match. But with that being said, as others have mentioned, this buffet is geared toward breakfast. They have a good selection of decent food that will fill you up. I also like the views of the pool. We used the 24 pass here, and was satisfied with my breakfast here.
2	This is a good review.. I promise.  This place is not anything special and it's in Las Vegas.  If this buffet were in any other city it would be a 3.5 star place.  Service is nothing to brag about.  Food is solid, no complaints.  Probably not going back on any of my next few trips because there's so much to try, but it's always a possibility for breakfast.  It was much nicer than the dinner buffet.
3	Richard Pro here with another review.I enjoy coming to Flamingo for brunch. This is the only buffet on the strip with enormous windows, and the interior is very bright and welcoming. Ceilings are high, tables and booths are clean. Service is not fantastic--a bunch of tired old ladies serve you. As breakfast goes, Flamingo is mediocre but it'll do the job. Prices here are lower compared to, say, Mandalay Bay or Bellagio.3 stars. If you want a breakfast buffet in Vegas that tastes okay and has a great view, I recommend Flamingo. I do make a stop here for brunch every year when I come to Vegas. Afterwards you can take a stroll out back to look at the flamingoes and the fish in a very natural and beautiful habitat. They used to have penguins too, an exhibit I would watch for hours.
4	I'm not sure why everyone is being so grumpy when reviewing this buffet... I've definitely been to most every buffet in Vegas and I can honestly say that this one is pretty amazing (you may want to reserve your opinions as I did spend 4 hours here for CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH).  I had the champagne brunch with a large group.  We were sat immediately and they didn't even charge us the crap required gratuity that most places charge you when you're in a group of 6 or more.  The food isn't exactly top of the top but it was definitely still tasty... A whole island dedicated to crab legs and shrimp (you have to peel the shrimp yourself, but eh.... Still worth it) AND comfort food galore!!!  Also, if you were like me and wandered, you found that there was a whole separate area dedicated to nom nom nom desserts!!! For $26 each, we got 4 hours worth of champagne and all the food we can eat.  Not to mention the fact that our servers were really FRIENDLY... REALLY.  I know this isn't the Wynn buffet or anything but I would say this buffet is definitely a GREAT value.TIP: Ask for Juana or Eddie to be your servers... They are PHENOMENAL.
2	BRUNCH BUFFET ONLYNot impressed..The salad bar and the crepes were the only thing exciting about this place.. Since the food didnt have descriptions, I had to keep asking what this and that was..Not a great buffet experience.
2	Las Vegas is a town that is known for it's buffets, and I'm sorry to say that just about any of them would be a better choice than the Paradise Garden Dinner Buffet. Located in the flamingo, the buffet offers most of the standard buffet fare - Crab Legs, Sushi, Prime Rib, Orange Chicken, Fried Rice, etc. It's just that none of these selections are very good.On 2nd thought, the Crab legs were pretty tasty - unfortunately I spent 20 minutes trying to crack open the meat since they didn't offer shell crackers. Someone below commented that the food selections were often mis-labeled, and in some cases not labeled at all. This was a pet peeve of mine as well. It's actually sad how many times I had to examine something more closely, only to walk away empty handed because I wasn't exactly sure what it was!The servers were friendly, but the attitudes of the chefs seemed disgruntled, as if my request to cut a slice of meat was an inconvenience. The whole experience was underwhelming, which would have been understandable if this were a $7.95 buffet at the Palace Station. But for $20/person in a strip casino, I expect a little bit better. My advice, spend the extra $10 person and go to the Wynn/Bellagio/Mandalay or any of the other awesome buffets located in the vicinity.
1	First off I hate buffets. I don't even know why I wast my time. I hate gorging myself.Ok a line at 10:30 for breakfast. That makes sense since most in the line probably got to bed after 2am.  Stops serving at 11, unless its a weekend. Do any locals eat at these crappy buffets? I doubt it. So why stop at 11? I'm tired and I want breakfast at noon!Got in 10 min before 11 scrambling to fill up multiple plates before all the breakfast items disappear. syrup gone arrgh! At least the guy cooking the omelets was fast and very nice. If I had cash on my I would have tipped. I wish I could have transferred our tip from our crappy waitress to him. She was horrible. Two tables down those people in that section were having fun because of the cool waitress they had. More to piss me off.The lunch items that were brought out were foul so that wasn't an option. At least I got 4 plates filled before I missed out on breakfast. Very not impressed.
4	Don't believe the hype. The bad reviews for the Flamingo buffet are unjustified, at least concerning dinner. I ate at the Paris buffet last night, and despite the latter's fancier atmosphere they are both on the same quality.The food was good buffet food. There was  a nice vegetarian variety, and tasty desserts. Top marks for the delicious guacamole and strawberries + chocolate fountain!The service was impeccable. My drink waited for me on the table when I came back from my first buffet round. The empty plates were cleared in good time and I was offered drink refills.All in all I had a great dinner at this buffet, and would definitely come again.
4	Like I said before i WOULD recommend a visit here.  Not as expensive as some of the other buffets but just the right amount of seafood to satisfy.  Check out lunch time prices if you are trying to save a few dollars but still enjoy the benefits.  I enjoyed this place even better this time on my last trip to Las Vegas in June.  Altogether though it was slightly a step  under the Spice Market Buffet.
2	The dinner buffet is $19.99 compared to $35 or so at places such as Wynn or Paris. You get what you pay for.Now, it wasn't all bad. They had a better sushi selection than other buffets we have been to on the Strip, including Wynn. Their dessert selection was fabulous, including a chocolate fountain with strawberries, canteloupe, marshmallows, rice krispie treats etc. Plus they had dipped marshmallows, cake pops, apple cobbler, crepes and cakes and pies. And cotton candy. Honestly, the best dessert selection of a buffet that I have been to.I wasn't impressed with the main selections, though. The mashed potatoes were good and the salad bar was adequate (including a tasty crab salad I had seconds of and peel and eat shrimp), but the Italian and Asian selections weren't too tasty and the prime rib was a little overdone and tough. I won't go back, simply because there are so many other places to try, but after a long day on our feet and not wanting to stray from our hotel it served its purpose. Also, the service was great. That should get some mention.
3	This wasn't bad at all. The GF and I came here for breakfast after a long night of walking on the strip and collecting all those escort cards.I say the food here was average with all the other buffet. Not the greatest but not the worse either. The breakfast wasn't bad at all. The turnover for food was fast enough where you got something almost fresh most the time.Tried to eat healthy while I was there. The donuts were not very good, dry. I did take a few apples which were really small. Smaller than my GF fist. I thought the service wasn't to bad at all. The decor of the place was a little dated but overall it wasn't bad at all.
2	I paid $17.99 per person for lunch buffet at 11:30AM. There was no line like other buffet  at the Stripe. There were only three people ahead of us. There were some nice salads, cold shrimps,great for people who avoid oily food, also tow  decent soups. However, there were only four types of sushi, of low quality. About 20 hot dishes, average in quality, roast beef was chewy. A counter for people to make own tacos. Strangely, there were no counter for cake or sweet or ice cream at all. This buffet is the one I have with the least selection. The only way to justify $17.99 is for those foreign tourists who used to expensive price at home. I would not return to this buffet.
2	Yeah I gotta tell you. Being surrounded by a bunch of senior citizens says something about this place. Not to mention some of the other weirdos. Last time I ate here was years ago. And I haven't returned either. Let's be honest. You get what you pay for. The flamingo is obviously an older hotel. So their standards aren't really up to par.First of all, I will say. Their dining area is nice. Only because you can stare at the different animals outside. From their huge glass windows. They have, of course flamingos, wild birds. Koi fish in the ponds, ducks. And other mammals I can't remember.Now the food is another story. It's not fresh. They don't have a big selection. And they have maybe two chefs helping you. One for crepes, and the other to carve your cold prime rib. It's kinda depressing to be honest. The dessert section isn't any better. In fact it just straight sucks. Tried this place twice and both times were exactly the same. Disappointing. Oh well on to the next buffet.
2	Blech!  I had a buffet of buffet pass and ate three meals here (only because I was staying in the hotel).  The food was luke-warm at best.  Golden Coral's buffet is MUCH better than this.  I guess that's what I get for trying to find a bargain in Vegas - there just isn't a bargain when it comes to food.If you are looking for decent food in Vegas, expect to pay high prices for it - don't skimp!
4	I can't imagine a trip to Las Vegas without at least MENTIONING that we might try to go here for the Champagne Brunch on the weekends. We don't always make it here for brunch. I don't know about YOUR Vegas but my Vegas often includes very late nights and about mid mornings, or a room that's to suite (pun intended) to leave in an early morning rush. Regardless of whether I make it or not,  the champagne brunch still occurs and its still delicious. My best friend and I usually get different types of seafood so that we can both taste everything. Equally we both love breakfast so a customizable omelet it is!  The lil champagne they serve with the brunch packs a nice lil' buzz - it'll have me feelin good!
3	I had the 24 hour pass for the seven buffets, and since I was staying at this hotel, it was convenient that I ate here for breakfast.It's a typical breakfast buffet, with all your regular breakfast food. Nothing struck me as out of the ordinary. If you want decent, endless breakfast food to start off the day, go here!
3	I had brunch here, and it had all the same food as the other buffets still. One thing to note, they did have a chocolate fountain that you could make your own fondue out of, which was really pretty cool. I would probably visit them just for that, but the rest of the food was despite too. However, they had the least variety out of all the other buffets that I went to on the strip.
3	We had a 20% off coupon from Bally's, so my family and I decided to go there for brunch. When we got there, there was a long line, but we still decided to wait. Finally got to the hostess desk 30 minutes later and then we had form ANOTHER line to be seated! So many lines, such a hungry stomach.Wide varieties of breakfast/brunch items from yogurt and granola to eggs benedict. Everything was fresh, including the cocktail shrimp and crawfish, which sounds a tad bit weird for a morning meal. Service was pretty slow and we had piles of plates on the side of our table which made it difficult to put our new plates down. Can't leave the buffet without having some dessert! As my favorite part of the meal, I went hog wild and took a sample of each dessert item. The crepe is made to order, but nothing special (varieties of fruit "preserves", chocolate syrup, and whipped cream). The cannoli, soft serve ice cream cone and fondue were delicious, but the red velvet cookie wasn't something I was crazy about.Very decent buffet, but definitely look out for coupons!
2	This place is as average of a buffet as it gets.   There are many different places where you can get better food for the same price.
1	My husband and I got 150 dollars in free dining vouchers from going to a timeshare presentation.  Since we are locals we decided to take a friend out to dinner at All Amercian Bar & Grill in the Rio.  And the rest of it we decided to go out for lunch at on of the buffets.  Since I have never been to the Flamingo, I thought that I would give it a try.  Also I thought that will the garden and birds outside it would keep my 2 year old happy while we ate.  While I would not have given this place one star but yelp doesn't allow zero stars.  First off the service was slow.  There was about 10 people in front of us in line to pay and it took like 20 minutes.  The lady at the register was as slow as molasses.  Then we get seated and I go get food for my daughter.  This place had like no food options.  I could have fit the buffet in my living room.  The food was also terrible.  There was old sushi, hard dumplings and crepes that tasted like soap.  Even though I didn't pay, I still feel like I didn't get my money's worth.  This was unacceptable for a strip buffet.  I had better buffets near my house for way less money.  Never never again.
2	Ugh. I arrive at The Flamingo after traveling for what felt like 12 hours starving my ass off and decide to eat here because my buddy and I were just too exhausted to look elsewhere. Wish we took the 20 minutes to find another place...Their sign said that their lunch buffet ends at 3pm and at 3:01pm the lady behind the desk gave us the lunch price. Kudos. Walking to our table I immediately noticed a Vegas hotel style restaurant with appealing outside views of a small walkway and a pretty water fountain. Cool. And then it goes downhill...The only thing that was really good from this buffet were the crab legs. I had a fair share of them but they didn't have an crab leg crackers --- just a small utensil to pick out your crab meat. My task to stuff my face was very difficult. There was a small section open for sushi but the sushi there appeared to have been out for a few hours. All the cooked food appeared and tasted overcooked. They had a build your own nachos section but no chips. I was hoping that I would get at least something decent from the dessert aisle but the cookies were rock hard!I suppose if you were to come here you should come during peak hours since food is always being shuffled. Looks like we were in the middle of a shift change or menu change from lunch to dinner. This is Las Vegas --- the world's number one tourist attraction. Step it up.
2	The only reason I went here today was my 20% off coupon that I had.  It was breakfast I figured, you can't screw up breakfast food...wrong.  Where do I start.  It was more like a salad bar with breakfast as an after thought.  I mean what the hell do you have shrimp and salad on a breakfast buffet for?? Eggs benedict was rock hard, sausage old and dry, potatoes old and dry, made to order omelet person was MIA and the guy carving the ham, looked like he wanted to stab somebody.  About the only thing good here was the coffee.  I should have know better, but I got hooked by the price.  go to Denny's it is better and not far down the street.
2	I don't know why people would go to buffets when there are so many unique restaurants out here in Vegas. Anyway, my party decided they wanted a buffet and majority ruled. The food was OK. The selection was poor in comparison to other buffets and the quality was substandard. I got jipped! $20 for OK food? On the bright side, they do have this awesome Koi pond that makes mine look like a cheap fish tank.
3	It's bearable (if you're too tired to go somewhere else)....something not too expensive, yet something not too cheap either.  Very convenient if you're staying in the hotel and need a big brunch meal.  Breakfast is so-so and if you're lucky enough to get in before they start switching to lunch then you get to try other food aside from breakfast.... If you have enough time to look for other places to eat then take that time as you will definitely have more bang for your buck off the strip.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!  A party of three of us ate on Sat 3/24/2012.  We had no waiting for the line which was good, but then we found out why.First according to them they had no soda/pop in the whole place and every time we wanted a refill they had to go another bar in the casino.    So this means no real refills.   Most of the "hot" food was warm, some just cold.  We went in at dinner time 7:30pm.After trying to eat the made to order pasta with red sauce tasted like I have no way to describe it but enough to make you puke.   Several items were bad on the buffet.  My whole party got sick, and we all spent night and morning in the bathroom in our hotel.   I think this buffet should be shut down!!!We will be sending a letter to the hotel, and the state health department.I will NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!  WE COULD BE GIVEN FREE PASSES FOR LIFE AND WOULD NOT EAT THERE.  I WOULD NOT EVEN GIVE THEM TO A HOMELESS PERSON!
1	The Paradise Garden Buffet worked out well for me. You see, I'm on a diet. On my recent visit to Las Vegas, I was too tired to seek out a nice dinner, so I stopped in at the Flamingo's buffet. The chief factor recommending it was its location right by the elevator to my hotel room, and no line. I figured at least I could make myself a healthy salad.  Turns out everything in the buffet is so unappealing there is no temptation to overeat.  The quality is comparable to elementary school cafeterias, although the selection is much broader. I ate until the hunger pangs went away, and left, diet intact. Even if you get a comped meal here, you really might want to consider paying for a nice meal somewhere else.
1	I was wrong to go against Yelp consensus and think this would be okay, but we were given comps for this lunch buffet, so I convinced myself that the Paradise Garden Buffet just suffers in comparison among the Buffet of Buffet-ers. It's difficult to understand how the same company that has the amazing buffets at Rio and Paris could serve such substandard food at the Flamingo. The food was almost uniformly awful, lukewarm at best, and while we were there, I heard a chef chastising a worker for keeping the temperature too low, which made me afraid to eat any of the meats. I honestly would have rather paid to go to another buffet, any other Vegas buffet I've had was better, including Bally's, which isn't all that great either. It's a nice space adjacent to the gardens and waterfalls, so I hope that the PGB gets a major refresh as part of the ongoing Flamingo remodel, which is slowly but effectively transforming a lot of their dated hotel spaces into a hipper atmosphere.
1	Yea no thanks. Of the buffets I tried on my trip this was the worst. Basically tasted like they went to Costco to buy the food then threw it on the buffet. They have stations where they do some MTO food which sounds neat, but it must means long lines.
2	Meh. Just came for breakfast so wasn't expecting anything spectacular to begin with. Lots of cold food, food that didn't really require any preparation. We just went there because we were staying in the Flamingo hotel. I didn't look ahead of time at places to eat, so we just settled for this. They do have tons of desserts, especially considering it is breakfast time. Their waffles were pretty crispy though!I later found out that it actually cost more than the Bellagio buffet! kind of ridiculous, considering the Bellagio buffet was so much better!
4	Wait. I don't get why so many people don't like this place. Everyone in my family loved Paradise .__.Seafood, check. HUGE SELECTION, check. Clean and spacious, check. It's been a while since I've been there but last time I only paid $13(or maybe 15?) for myself. Really, not bad!
1	I cannot compare it against other buffets in Vegas only, but I can say this for sure that it is the most miserable buffet I have ever been to! The wait time is decent, the choices are very limited and low quality (on lunch). Everything that I tried sucked! It is dated, the seat was almost broken, the service is barely OK though... The entrance through the Flamingo's casino smelled bad... Really low class...
1	Let me start by saying I love the Flamingo Hotel.  Stay there all the time.  But this is a horrible buffet.  Horrible.  The food choices are boring (and limited) and the quality is low at best.  This is just a Golden Corral in a better room. And the room isn't that much better. I would never recommend this pace, not for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Too expensive, not good.  Pay an extra dollar or two and go to one of the nicer buffets in the area.
1	My husband and I recently went to this buffet while in Vegas on vacation.  I wouldn't recommend this buffet to anyone - most of the food looked dried out and like it had been sitting out for too long, although the desserts looked okay and the crepes bar was a nice touch.  The food was was average at best, but the worst part of our meal was when my husband bit into a piece of chicken and it was still raw in the middle.  Not just pink, but literally oozing bloody chicken juice!  We complained to the server and she removed the plate and then returned to our table to say that they checked the temperature on the chicken and decided to remove the tray.  Not that we were expecting any compensation, but an apology or a visit from a manager would have been nice, considering how sick a person can get from uncooked chicken.  My husband spent the rest of the night feeling ill, and it really put a damper on our last evening of vacation.My advice? Steer clear of this buffet, there are many better places to eat in Vegas.
1	I hate to use such a negative description, but this buffet was truly awful.  We stopped here for lunch because we had purchased the 24 hour pass where you can eat at any M Life property buffet as many times as you want in that 24 hour period.  I've been to almost every buffet on the strip and this was the worst.  First of all the line to get in took about 30 minutes even though there were only a handful of  people in front of us all because there was one person working and each transaction at the register took at least 5 minutes.  Lots of people in line just walked away.  One hostess walked over to see how big the line was and deemed it unnecessary to open another register.  And when we finally got seated about 75% of the restaurant was empty so I couldn't believe they wouldn't want to move the line along quicker and get people in. Even when we left, the place was still empty and the line was still long and moving slowly.The food selection is the smallest of any buffet I've been to in my life.  There were honestly about 60% less food options than every other Vegas buffet, and worst of all, there were fruit flies in the salad and dessert bar.  How gross!  The place was just filthy and our server only gave us a drink refill once.  Needless to say, we will never return.
4	Everyone talks about how awesome the food is in Las Vegas.  In my general opinion, a lot of it is OVERRATED.  You pay so much for so little.  At least at Flamingo you get your money's worth.  We loved the views of the gardens, and with bottomless mimosas, you cannot go wrong!!  The food isn't going to knock your socks off.  It's good, it's not great.  But again it's getting your money's worth after a long night in sin city.  We went in between breakfast and lunch time (10:30-11:30 ish) and that was great because we got to have both meals in one :)  They were out of champagne this last time and I was livid about that, so minus one star for Flamingo.  But I will go back again.
3	Went for breakfast and left full and happy. The food is not award winning by any means, in fact a few dishes were not worth eating after one bite, but it was generally tasty and a nice variety for breakfast. I enjoyed an "Elvis" crepe (peanut butter, bananas, and chocolate) along with the usual breakfast buffet items.
3	The Paradise Garden Buffet use to be one of the best buffet but it has sadly declined in quality and service. The line to the buffet can get pretty long unless you're a Diamond tier level for Total Rewards then you can avoid the long and be seated right away. The decor of the buffet has that 80's Beach Boys vibe because that was the last time the Flamingo had a major renovation. My seat cushion kept falling off every time I went to start a new plate and the flooring needed to be replaced too!The food is was pretty average and the layout from one station to the other is just horrible and on the far end of the buffet behind the wall was a dessert section and I didn't even know it was there until I wanted to see what the other side of the buffet looked like. They really need to update this buffet to compete with the other buffets and some of the staff are pretty rude and some very friendly, I wouldn't put this buffet on my worst buffet list: Emperors Buffet - Imperial Palace  (Old and rundown buffet with old tasting food)Paradise Garden - Buffet (Horrible layout and quality)Roundtable Buffet - Excalibur (Food is too salty)More Buffet - Luxor  (Low quality)Dishes Buffet - Treasure Island (Small and no enough selection)
3	I feel like the Flamingo could do better, much better, with their buffet.  The whole dining area could use an upgrade.  It just seems kind of worn out and tired.  The food is bland, the staff seems bored, and it's just...well, it's tired like I said.  Nonetheless, I felt like a majority of their effort goes into the dessert selections.  Either that or I just get excited seeing a whole bunch of desserts since I try not to indulge that often.  Pretty standard issue foods otherwise: a few sushi selections (including veggie rolls?), some Asian fair, taco bar, a variety of meat and seafood, potatoes, and rolls.  Lunch buffet was $16.99 and you can tack on $9.99 for unlimited mimosas, wine, Bloody Mary's, and beer if you'd like.  Service isn't bad and drinks are refilled often and quickly.  I would probably rather enjoy a different buffet next time but as I usually always stay at the Flamingo, I had to try it out at least once.
4	This review is mainly for breakfast (although we went almost in time for lunch, so got to sample a couple of the lunch items as well).  We always stay at the Flamingo while in Vegas (love it!), and end up eating here on the day we're checking out.  The environment is really sunny and nice with all the windows and the water/birds and stuff outside.. Really kind of cute.  The food is just pretty average for breakfast, nothing particularly stellar, but there's a pretty good amount of variety.  I must admit that I did sneak a little bag of cotton candy to eat a little later, mueheheh.  But hey what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?  Had it not been in our hotel, we probably wouldn't have made a special trip, but for anyone staying there, it's okay, especially considering that the price is a little lower than other buffets around.
4	I was pretty impressed by this buffet; there's usually not that much I'm interested in, but this had more than enough.We tried the dinner and the breakfast and I was satisfied both times. There's a lot of random items, including hot dogs and sliders, but I was especially excited about the dessert section. Nutella crepes!! Fresh, ready to order! Chocolate fountain! Good stuff. They still had the same dessert section during breakfast, so I had a few more crepes. My bf got his fill of crab legs and crawfish (although again he said the crawfish was ice cold...I guess Zen Buffet is the only place with hot, steamed crawfish) and thought it was OK. He didn't seem to like it as much as me. I docked half a star for the crawfish and half a star for the confusing lines. They should do a better job of indicating which is the line for paying and the line for getting seated.
1	Do not come here. Nothing. I repeat, nothing is good to the taste buds.  A good pleasing to the eye of dessert buffet, but a regret of a life time. Everything was hard. Except the made to order Crepes.
2	A buffet with a view, that's the extent of Paradise Garden. That view is strictly a daytime thing, so it seems a majority of the patrons are here for lunch/brunch. It's a run of the mill Vegas buffet, with some interesting items, but is an overall lackluster experience.First timers here might find the space impressive because it is. There aren't many midstrip lower end properties that will offer a spread like this, let alone with views of a vibrant garden. That's essentially the bread and butter of the experience because the options and quality of the food are subpar enough to have folks second guessing their visit.During the brunch hour, there is a bottomless mimosa option, which is an attractive option for the weekend warriors looking to continue their Saturday hangover. Another thing I didn't expect was the "Asian noodle" station, where one can customize their bowl of noodle soup. I made a killer wonton noodle soup - I'm still shocked. Their crepes station is also a semi-thumbs up, but it really depends on who's making them.The rest of the buffet is a tough to swallow. Literally. Anything fried is instant fail. The pizza is almost always a sure bet for a no-thank-you, most of the seafood is bland city, and if you're shooting for any of the BBQ or Mexican fare, then bless your appetite.Prices aren't backbreaking for a strip property at $24 for dinner and brunch. Other than that it's $15-20 for everything else. If you happen to be rockin the 24 hour pass, then consider passing on the Flamingo version of buffetland.
3	Paradise is one of the tagging along buffet for the 24hour Buffet of Buffets (BoB). We decided to visit because we wanted to have a relaxing breakfast/brunch, and Paradise is the right place for it, if you don't mind the food.We asked for a window seat, and they were great to accommodate us. So I got to watch Flamingos, koi fish, swans, and other creatures roaming around the habitat while enjoying my food. I think the experience alone is worth the dollars spent.There weren't a lot of choices offered at Paradise, and the food were just average. They had cold crab legs for breakfast, which tasted salty to me. There were different toasts and bagels, and other breakfast items like eggs, hams, etc. Oh, there was a crepe station, and the nutella crepe I had was pretty good.We ordered only one "all you can drink", and at first I asked for a Bloody Mary. The server was nice to mention that the Bloody Mary was spicy, which was exactly what I was looking for. As I was sipping my Bloody Mary, I asked for a Mimosa next, and the server told me she could only give it to me after I've finished my first drink, since we were a party of two and only one of us bought the "all you can drink". I nodded my acknowledgement and told her I just wanted to tell her in case she got busy, since I wanted my drinks to keep on coming. And that's what she did. As soon as my Bloody Mary sank to the bottom, she put down a Mimosa on our table. As the Mimosa slowly making its way into my lovely tummy, she served up a new one. That was really nice!So... come to Paradise not for the food, but for the relaxing atmosphere and the wonderful attentive service! Price is relatively cheap compared to other buffets, and I think quite worth it if you come for breakfast.
2	One of Las Vegas' claims to fame are their buffets.  Long stations filled with anything that your heart desires...  Happy people taking pictures of food with their cell phones, and talking about how great their food is...  Other people clamoring around the various stations, excited to try something new or eat some of their old time favorites...  My experience at the this buffet however, was quite different.  I think everyone there was just looking around, wide eyed, and thinking to themselves "that's it?"This place can't even compete with the comfort foods of a place like Hometown Buffet - and Hometown would charge you $5-$10 less!  My reviews are always relative to the level of service one would expect from a certain level of restaurant, and those that are comparable in the area.  For one of the most famous Las Vegas hotels, in the middle of the strip, a place like this has the cash flow to impress.  But impress they didn't!  Even the service we received was not up-to-par with the other buffets we went to.I thought their salad area was very fresh (though extremely small), and they also have crab legs, and fresh carved ham.  I went during the brunch, so they also had breakfast items - the waffles were very cute, made of the various suits of playing cards (diamonds, clubs, etc.).  But other than that, I did not find anything really that appetizing.  Oh yeah and if you are dying from dehydration, make sure to try the scrambled eggs.  There was so much water in those things that I thought I was going to float away after eating them!  Come on Flamingo - you can do so much better!SUGGESTIONS:  According to the Flamingo Las Vegas' Website:  "Watch the playful antics of some of the Flamingo's wildlife while enjoying a fresh feast at the Paradise Garden Buffet."What they fail to tell you on the website is that you are going to need binoculars to see those playful antics, as all the tables near the windows are reserved for the "Platinum Club Members", so if you are just here for the buffet, then you might as well forget about those playful antics.  Maybe you can make random bird calls in the restaurant, and start some playful antics of your own!
3	As I entered into the hotel to make my way to the buffet, there was an aroma unpleasing to the senses that made you want to vomit.  The air was filled with cigarettes, mold, Bengay and heavy Jean Nate cologne.  I believe Jean Nate actually lived there.What I absolutely forgot about this place is, there is an actual Flamingo sanctuary in the hotel's atrium.  That is a sight to see on it's own.  Who wouldn't want to take pictures with a cute pink flamingo?We arrive at the counter.  There is no wait at 330pm for our lunch buffet.  Friendly lady in a wheelchair helps check us in.  We ask to be seated next to the Flamingo windows.  And first the hostess said those seats are reserved for Diamond members... but because it's 330pm and it was so empty, she went ahead and seated us there.  That was very nice.  But what I noticed was, instead of cloth napkins, we got cheap paper napkins.  But that's fine, I was able to use my extra's to sneak off 5 cookies from the dessert bar - shhhhhhh...I would have never made it into Flamingo if it wasn't for this Buffet of Buffets thing I bought.  Since we stayed at Ballys and had no car, our legs were our fastest transportation to the next buffet.  I scanned the room for food.  I grabbed a foiled wrapped hamburger.  Fresh prime rib slice (the dude cutting the meat looked stoned out his mind and confirmed it when he dropped my slice off the side of my dish),  buttery mash potatoes, mac n cheese, and a bowl of clam chowder.  I ate everything.  It's okay, not bad at all.I ended up at the dessert section for my 2nd round.  I grabbed 5 tasty cookies ;), a chocolate mousse cake and strawberries.  Then i went to the salad section and grabbed lettuce, black olives and dressing.  That was it.  I was done.I was full but left room for my next buffet...Tip: Always ask to be seated next to the Flamingo's.  It doesn't hurt to try to get the best seat in the house... you earned it after walking through Jean Nate's gambling section
3	This is a pretty standard buffet. I used a Buffet of Buffet pass and came here for breakfast right when it opened at 7:00 am.The food was good, although there was no crepe person on duty that morning. However, the playing card suite-shaped mini waffles made up for that. And they weren't too soggy. Biscuits and gravy were pretty good too, and so was the omlette station cook.Coffee wasn't great and mine had some grounds in it. Overall, I'm not sure I'd pay $18 for it, when I could get the same price for better tasting food from a restaurant (albeit a lower quantity).BTW, valet wasn't open that early in the morning.
4	BREAFAST BUFFET REVIEW ONLY!I did the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hr AYCE pass. We decided to hit up the Paradise Garden Buffet since it has beautiful big windows and lots of natural light. You get a great view of their garden wth the waterfall and the flamingos outside. It's a really pretty sight in the mornng.Their breakfast is really good. They have all the standard breakfast items and also a crepe and omelet station. They also have a great bagel bar with locks and smoked salmon. Lots of fresh cocktail shrimp and a great salad bar that has everything you can imagine.Their bakery section has lots of variety from danishes to crossaints to cookies. Arrive early because the line gets really long around 10 am. You will not be disappointed with their breakfast buffet. As far as lunch and dinner, I wouldn't recommend this place.
3	Went there for brunch on New Year's Day.  Not bad for a buffet with crab legs and shrimp.  Freshly cooked omelletes is available upon request. Friendly service.
1	Now I've been to at least 2 dozen Vegas buffets, and consider myself somewhat of a Vegas buffet connoisseur....and this is the first one that has caused me to say "Wow, that isn't worth anywhere near what I paid!!!"  At most Vegas buffets, you get more or less what you pay for.  My main area of expertise is the Champagne Brunch, and Vegas has quite the variety.  I've seen everything from the $8.99 Sahara (RIP) that served their champagne in plastic cups from some bizarre powdery mixture, to the Bellagio, which for $25 will get you a good selection of high-quality food and the coldest milk money can buy, to the Wynn, where $45 will get you every bizarre food under the sun (yet somehow omit the one food you crave most at any brunch buffet.....bacon).Anyways....The Flamingo buffet hits bottom rung in pretty much every category.  Poor selection, poor quality, high price, and to top it off you have to pay $10 extra for champagne (unless you happen to be a diamond Total Rewards member)!  At $25 plus $10 for champagne, you get basically the smallest buffet in Vegas.  They do throw a few crab legs and shrimp in to justify the price, but don't be fooled.  They were well-below-average quality, even for buffet standards.  And the rest of the buffet is no better....I've seen $10 Fremont-strip buffets with twice the selection and better quality!The wait staff was friendly and attentive, so I have no qualms there.  However, they were balanced off by the surly crepe chef....  I get to the front of the line and ask for my crepe with "everything".  She says, "Everything?"  I say ,"Yes, everything," and point to each of the toppings (apple, strawberry, chocolate, whipped cream, and nutella).  She gets angry, throws strawberries and chocolate on my crepe, and yells, "Next!"  Who does that?  It doesn't cost you anything.  Even if you think the combination is disgusting, just throw the junk on the crepe and the drunk idiot will go away and be happy.  Now you made him sad.So if you happen to be in the market for a champagne brunch, pass by this one and don't look back.  There are plenty more that are well worth your while....TI, Paris, Aria, Planet Hollywood...just to name a few.
4	This buffet was right off the elevators to our hotel so it was very convenient to eat at least once.  The price point was right between the high end Bellagio type buffets and  the cheap circus circus buffets which reflected the type of food quality we got.  They had the usual food choices compared every other buffet around and it was all pretty tasty. The dessert section was impressive with delish made to order crepes. A good place to go once  if your staying here or in a close by hotel.
5	This buffet was NEVER on my list of possible Vegas buffets. But since we had the Buffet of Buffets, we found ourselves here on Saturday night.From the moment we arrived all the way up to getting my food, I had a feeling of dread. I was prepared for some awful food...There was no line when we walked up. We were quickly seated. The place was practically deserted aside from a handful of guests.I got a couple of tortilla chips with some pico de gallo (I don't recommend) and filled the rest of my plate with hot (temperature-wise) crab legs. And let me tell you, SWEETEST crab legs/claws I have eaten in a long time! This was better than Bacchanal's crabs! So for the remainder of my meal there, I got plate after plate of them delicious crab legs/claws!I finally had to move on to dessert since everyone else at my table was done, haha! I got the crepe. It's made to order and completely customizable; so I was able to add whatever I wanted instead of selecting #1 or #2 like Paris' buffet. Pretty tasty :DSo yes, I am giving this place the full 5 Stars! The crab claws are to die for~
2	I wish that Yelp would let you give stars on specific aspects of the experience and then average a star rating because parts of my Breakfast Buffet experience were decent and parts were terrible.First the good:The food, it was good.  Nothing spectacular, but exactly what I expected from a buffet at the Flamingo.  Decent variety, food was fresh.  I had eggs about 300 ways (with chorizo, rancheros, breakfast burrito, benedict) and they were all good.  The shrimp cocktail was the bomb, the chocolate fountain was just kitschy enough to be fun.  I wouldn't complain.  I left full and ate nothing that was disappointing.The blah:The price.  Right at $50 for 2 Breakfast buffets, food only.  Not worth it.  I can't eat that much for breakfast, and I know how much eggs cost.  Breakfast buffets should never run over $20 bucks unless I can get lobster, and maybe bottomless mimosas.The bad:The service!   The women working the cash registers were rude.  Our server was incredibly overwhelmed, which was not the real problem.  The problem was the other servers in other areas refusing to step in and help out.  All we needed to drink were waters.  It took us 20 minutes to get water.  I tried to flag down 3 servers outside of our own who was serving tables as fast as she could and I was shrugged of by each although their areas were obviously slower than ours.  That was a major disappointment.  Our server was incredibly polite and apologetic about the wait and once she caught herself up, was very attentive.  But overall there was a lack of team work to keep things flowing and customers happy.Overall I was happy with the food, but for 25 bucks a head I feel like I can expect decent customer service as well.  That was lacking and I would not go back or recommend this buffet to others because of this.  Sorry Flamingo, you have to do better.
3	Just okay, but had some interesting features:1. Chocolate fountain. YUM. Comes with rice krispies, strawberries, and marshmallows for dipping.2. Turkey bacon and sausage (we went for breakfast). I hate regular bacon but love turkey bacon so this was an unexpected treat.3. Crepes station - looked good though I didn't try it.4. Lots of varietyThe food was your typical  breakfast fare but there was a lot of it. Ask for a seat near the window and you can see the flamingos as you eat.
2	This breakfast buffet at the Flamingo normally costs about $20 or so, but we got complimentary buffet vouchers so luckily didn't pay anything besides tip.  It isn't bad for breakfast, but definitely NOT worth $20!Amongst their selections was an omelet station, crepe station, shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon, bagels, muffins, danishes, fresh fruit, oatmeal, donuts, cookies, chocolate fountain where you can dip fruit, scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, sausage and bacon, and some other common breakfast items.I would come again if it were free, but otherwise.. I'd skip it and find a better use for my money!
1	OK let me preface this - I learned on my most recent trip to Las Vegas that I don't really like buffets. However, this buffet was the worst! We got there around 9:45am on a Friday looking forward to some breakfast. It took about 45 minutes for us to get seated, and when we sat down they began to remove all the breakfast items and replace them with lunch! WHAT! IT'S ONLY 10:30! WHO EATS BREAKFAST MUCH EARLIER THAN THAT IN LAS VEGAS?!?!?!I was so disappointed. Now I had to change my entire idea of what i wanted to eat. And once I did do that, the food was sub-par and very lack luster. Basic buffet food with nothing special. The shining star of this place was our waiter, who was excellent. But generally, I would avoid this place!
3	An average Buffet, had breakfast here on the morning of my last day in Las Vegas, nice selection of average dishes, they have a nice dessert bar with a crepe station where they are made to order and other tasty treats for your enjoyment, unfortunately the breakfast selection are nothing special, the eggs Benedict was over cooked, so you had a hardboiled egg on an English muffin with sauce. Chicken fried steak and gravy was better, but the sausages were dry and tasteless. The waitress was exceptional and provided ample refills and cleared our plates quickly. One of the nice parts of eating here is that you have a view of the Habitat and get to watch the birds walking around their enclosure.2 for the food and +1 for the friendly server that brought our drinks and cleared the dishes, Join the toal rewards program to get a dollar of each person's buffet.
3	We went here for breakfast last Saturday and used our Buffet of Buffet pass.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We were seated right away, the waitress who was helping us kept our drinks refilled and kept coming around to check on us.They had the typical breakfast fare, sausage links, patties, bacon, biscuits and your choice of sausage gravy or creamed chipped beef gravy.  My favorite was the corned beef hash - definitely not from a can.  There was an omelet station and a crepe station.  The food that I did try was flavorful, hot (temperature wise) and fresh.I haven't tried their lunch or dinner, but I might the next time I take a trip to Sin City.
1	Golden Corral has better Quality food.
1	Horrible. I saw little flies hovering over a bowl of fuit!!! Eat at your own peril!
2	The food was subpar and not great. We got the discount from Tix4Tonight. So glad we didn't pay full price.  Make sure you either get the discount or a coupon.  Do not pay full price.  You will regret it.The dessert area was ok especially the made to order crepes and the chocolate fountain. Don't forget to grab your cotton candy on the way out.
4	Other than taking 15 minutes to pay with only four people ahead of me, this place was excellent. Good quality of food, and tons of choices to pick from. I had not dined here for a few years and was pleasantly surprised at their quality after reading some of the Yelp reviews. Buffet's in Las Vegas have increased in price quite a bit in recent years and if the food quality if good, it is not a problem.
1	The only reason I'm giving this place even one star is because the food was pretty decent for a buffet. However, the service was absolutely horrendous. Starting from the rude cashiers all the way to management. Don't forget to tip before the horrible service, or they will rain fire on your table. God forbid, you leave a tip at the end of your meal where you serve yourself. Not only did our "server" slam our drinks down and ignore us the whole time, except to give our whole table an evil stare down, but she refused to give us refills on our inclusive champagne brunch. She even said we couldn't get refills on our iced teas, oj's, or sodas.... I thought this was a buffet. Luckily she brought the manager over and they had an argument about refills in front of us because our server wanted us to "see it." Whatever that means. When we asked her if something was wrong, she went on a rant about how only god can judge her and then things turned from bad to worse. I guess that God justifies bad service, rudeness, and denies us new silverware. But in a turn of fate, after being open about our concerns, she gave our table all of her attention before leaving in the middle of our meal. After she left, our new server didn't even look at our table, introduce herself, clear off plates, or anything that has to Do with good service. But we tracked her down on the other side of the restaurant and got some refills. I would like to think that maybe they just hate us, but we were not the only ones who were yelled at or ignored. Clearly customer service is not a priority. The management here obviously  doesn't want people coming back, seeing as how rude they were. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who is looking for an easy going meal. But the food is good... So I guess that counts for something. Maybe.
2	This has to be one of the most disappointing Vegas buffets I've ever been to... no, rather one of the most disappointing buffets I've been to. Period. When you hear your friends rave about how great the Vegas buffets are and how "there are so many great ones to choose from", they will never be referring to this one.The buffet is average, at best, with nothing really original or unique that left me wanting more. On that same note - food doesn't have to be original or unique, just really good, which this food failed to be. Of the number of items ranging from breakfast to seafood to sushi to salad to dessert, the dish that rose to the top for me was probably the Salmon with Dijon Dill sauce. The fish was well-prepared, delicate in texture and had a nice balance of flavors.The food was tolerable, but the bigger issue is that the service was way below average for any dining experience. Drink refills were nonexistent and attention to our table was equally nonexistent... which took disregard to a whole new level because I was at a table with 6 other guys. It took around 10 minutes just to get the server's attention to get one refill of iced tea. Just unacceptable.Overall, the food needs improvement and the service needs a big face-lift. Nothing about this place makes me want to plan a return visit. It's not the worst buffet I've been to, but it's faaaar from good.
3	How did I miss reviewing this place for so long?!?  I must be trippin' hard, but I digress.  This buffet is a blessed curse.  There is nothing that truly stands out about the buffet itself outside of sheer volume of choices on the first go around.  Please note that I hate going to a buffet and not having access to filling up my drink myself because I do not like not leaving a tip for the waiter or waitress, but sometimes my cup sits empty for an extended period of time.  Tips should be earned, and not just expected...my personal issue though.When you are first given the clearance to go inside this eatery, and are escorted to your seat by the hostess, you can't help but to notice the massive amount of food that you pass by on the way to your seat.  Once you are given clearance to eat, and given the information that a waiter will be over to take your drink order later, it is just a good idea to just go around and view everything that is offered.  Depending on the meal, you may have an omelet station or a pasta station or whatever!   Truly, there are a lot of options to choose from that ranges from sushi to sliders to carved this and curried that!  A massive salad bar with many options is located next to boiled shrimp and other seafood stuff.  Move over to the next island and you will see sliders, chicken sandwiches and subway sandwiches cut into palm size.  Move to another island and you have a choice of crepes.  Move to another island and you have a huge variety of sweets that includes cotton candy, fondue machines, many cakes and ice cream just to name some yums.  Truly, there is not stand out taste when it comes to this buffet.  Don't look for anything that will knock your taste buds socks off because that is not what this establishment is about.  This food-ship is strictly about shoveling massive amounts of items that you care to indulge into your pie hole often!  Find something that is good for that moment, and just go with that.  Try a little of each variety and leave full.  Just give them a try.  Make sure to ask about any discounts that are available with the buffet as well, which includes them being part of the eat at 6 buffets as often as you would like for 24 hours.
3	Definitely turned out to be a lot better than I had expected. The food anyways.The place is a very calm, peaceful environment. There isn't that much variety in the food. In fact, compared to the other buffets in Las Vegas, or even in buffets in general, there wasn't that many options to choose from. However, the food is honestly not even that bad! In fact, it's quite tasty and feels "homey." There is a whole section dedicated to desserts for the sugar lovers out there. They have a chocolate fountain for yummy treats, cotton candy, cakepops, cookies, etc. The red velvet cookie they have there is delicious. The service was pretty bad. My waiter has reached that time in age where waiting tables is probably not such a good idea. We were seated down fairly quickly, but whenever I'd ask for napkins or something, I wouldn't get them until like 10 minutes later. Sometimes the waiter wouldn't even acknowledge my question so I'm only left with an awkward silence. It takes them a little while to take away finished dishes as well. Pretty slooooow workers.Not too bad of a buffet, but you're better of spending a little bit more money for a higher quality buffet.
1	Wow what a horrible buffet, they charge 24.99 to eat here and i felt like i was eating at a local Chinese restaurant buffet in my home state of Maryland, It was really that bad.  I will start off with the service, my waitress was the worst of the worst, i was eating crab legs and my waitress came to me and told me i needed to get another another plate for my shells.....  well do your job and get it. She dropped a plate on my table, brought me like 1 napkin at a time, never filled my drinks etc etc. Now on to the food, EVERYTHING was just bad, the hot food was cold and the cold food was hot. The crab legs were the tiniest little things I have ever seen. I heard the waitress telling the people behind us if they wanted good crab legs go to the Rio hahah.  The waitress telling people to go elsewhere WOW.  It tasted like everything was old. Ok the desert bar was pretty good, everything else sucked. People should NEVER go to this.
5	I needed this to be a home run after I dragged our merry band of traveling misfits out of their respective beds for a 7AM wake-up.  It was.  The first thing that hit us was the view out the glass wall into the garden.  Flamingos, koi, hummingbirds, ducks, and other creatures in a lush green setting.  The food was wonderful as well.  Crepe and omelet stations, bacon, pancakes and french toast, various pastries.  YUM!!
1	Was there Tuesday cost was $45.00 not including the tip  which I did not leave    ,,, they got a great racket going on you pay then they ask you if you want a photo (said it is free)  NOT ,,, you get seated 5 minutes later pressure point sales person comes to your table (captive audience ) and pressure you to buy the photo in front  of your friends and other guest around you ,,Then the quality of the food was subpar at best , not to mention the service or lack there of ,,,,if I could rate this in the negative  I would do so only giving 1 star for the live flamingos
1	Yucky!I took one bite of everything that I put on my plate. This place was horrible. My drink, iced tea, was the only thing that I really enjoyed.Lucky for us, this place was included with our ticket to see George Wallace.Do yourself a favor, don't pay to eat here.
3	It was a decent buffet. It was comped for me and my husband so I can't complain too much. The salad bar and fruit were really fresh with a lot of variety. The Asian food included fried rice, General Tso's-type chicken, and veggie spring roils which were mediocre to good. There was also fried chicken and a tortilla and quesadilla bar that were pretty good. I looked the chocolate fountain, fresh strawberries, and cotton candy on the dessert bar. If I paid my rating would probably be lower, but for a comp or discount meal it wasn't' too bad. Much better than the Stratosphere buffet IMO.
4	Went to this buffet on a Thursday night when you get Prime Rib for only about $14.  There's not a hundred choices of what to eat but what there is tastes great.  The salad bar could use a lot more options but like I said earlier the food was terrific and the atmosphere was pleasing.  For breakfast there is a decent amount of choices and you can't go wrong for only $7.
1	Skip this buffet.  Total waste of money!  The food here tastes like Home Town Buffet - bland, tasteless, and yucky.  Also, the food looks like it sits out a while...not fresh...not good!
4	This buffet was our first stop on our buffet of buffets pass. I was impressed with the selection though small. The food was fresh and delicious and the service was great. I would definitely eat here again.
2	Ugh.  Low food selection.  Everything was pretty mediocre for $20 for lunch.  Only thing I liked was the shrimp cocktail.  I wanted a seat nearby the windows (since i was on b.o.b.) but those were full =\Service was nice.  Cotton candy was also cool.  All the hot items were gross though.
1	This buffet was pathetic. Flamingo should be ashamed. We payed and walked out without even eating. Fortunately we had the unlimited buffet pass. The food was all cheap stuff and looked like it has been sitting there for days, forget hours. Very disappointed. I guess that's why it was one of the only buffets with no line.
4	The buffet was a no frills kind of place that was clean and the food was pretty good as well not to mention decent prices. The crowd encompassed a marriage entourage, international tourists, some folks looking as though the had partied hard the night before, you know all types. Great after paying and once sitting down.......The part I wasn't so keen on was the fact that my party of two wanted to sit by the window where the view of the garden would have been to die for was told by one cafeteria lady that they were cleaning up so seating was else where....I get that. What I didn't care for was when she slipped and told us that "The woman working the area didn't want to clean it up after we finished....really?Overall we loved the place it was right across from our hotel and the food was good. I would still recommend it but ask that the management deal with that type of behavior.
3	Visited this buffet several years ago and noticed a groupon for dinner buffet here with unlimited beer or wine so we went last night. Overall very worth it especially with the discount & would likely return even without it. Pluses are: fairly tasty snow crab clusters, good prime rib, decent salad bar, good dessert choices, good chardonnay & attentive server who kept refilling our glasses & removing used plates.Minuses are: crab clusters are small & no crab crackers or implements were provided to help remove the meat & the music playing in the background is annoying at best.
2	Do you want to pay 30+ dollars for a place with similar quality but less selection than Golden Corral? Perhaps you would like to also look at flamingos, because flamingos are cool. Too bad that they don't have a buffet to match their rose hued majesty and one legged, quacking existences. All the dishware was warm, which may have just been due to the time of my visit, but it did put a stopwatch on the soft serve. Overall the food ranged from "this is ok" to "we'll that's enough of that". Save yo money and order a pizza or just give up and spend more at the more prestigious buffets on the intersection. You don't come here to not spend money.
2	The only thing that I enjoyed here was their dessert table.  The food was only so so and being that it is one of the cheaper buffets on the Las Vegas strip, even the price wasn't worth the food that was available.
1	The food was alright but the service was terrible. Its a buffet... your job as a waitress waiting on me isn't too complicated. We paid for the All You Care to Drink option & shenever really came back to check on us even though we could only get our drinks through her. My husband said she literally looked right at us once and turned away. I will review the hotel separately.
2	Is this place one of the few inexpensive buffet spots on the strip? Yes. Is the food comparable to other buffets on the strip? No. Why? Well, everything my wife and I had during the breakfast buffet was bland, dry and cold. The selection here is very limited compared to other breakfast buffets we've attended. So if you're looking for a place that has an overwhelming number of options ready for you to dive into, let me save you the time and tell you look elsewhere. Yes, other buffets can be pricey, but at least at those buffets the food quality is far better and you have a bigger selection of items to choose from.The only real benefits of coming to this buffet is saving a few extra bucks.
1	This deserves a zero star. Went for dinner as I got a groupon. The food was old and cold. Hardly any variety and it should not be called a buffet. It was looking like lunch left overs. Most of the servers  were old men and women( no offense ) meant. The service was very slow and indecent I would say.The guy comes with the lemonade and bangs it on the table. When a big group came in he arrange the nearby table which is fine. But he asked and moved our table to the otherwise while we were still eating. Ridiculous!!! They seriously need some sense and training.Food 0Service 1Ambience 2Cleanliness 2Will never go back .
1	The food are terrible, and I can find much more better buffet nearby at the same price.  Its only worth $10, but they actually charge $30 + tips for dinner. Try to avoid this place.
2	My friends and I bought a 24 hour buffet pass and this was one of the buffets included. The scenery is nice, there are flamingos and swans. The food itself was just okay. We loaded up on crab legs but besides that, the seafood options were not that diverse. Lots of dessert options.
1	The only reason we ate here was it was free with our purchase of show tickets for Legends in Concert.  Otherwise, it would of been $24.99 per person before tax for dinner.  The food was bland and flavorless.  The crab legs weren't cut open like the buffets at Wynn, Paris or Planet Hollywood.  Service was good, but the food was awful.  It's worth paying an extra $10-$15 for a better buffet some where else.
3	Ask to sit by window, even if you aren't VIP.  Its a basic, average, Vegas buffet.  There are some buffets worse than this one, and there's some like Bellagio or Caesars, which exceeds.  So come to this one with an open mind, and expect average food.The service was just ok.  The staff will help you more if you're a regular.  My server came 2x's. Once to give me my drinks, and once to clear some plates.  No refill and no chit chat. Lucky my buffet was free because I'm a platinum player, and got comp'd.
2	We got the "Buffet of Buffets" thing.  We ended up here for our last dinner because it was right across the street from the show we were going to see (less stress getting there on-time).  We'd already gotten our money's worth out of the pass, so this buffet was "free".We arrived at an ideal time...only one group in line ahead of us.  When we left the line was rather long.The food was OK. Not great, but not bad.  Surprisingly they had a very limited selection.  Really just the one counter of items (maybe 10 or 15), and then the dessert counter nearby.  Literally only about 1/3rd the size of the Paris buffet, and not even 1/8 the size of the RIo.  No, I'm not exaggerating.  What they did have was pretty ordinary.  The sushi was cooked, not "fresh" (i.e. raw).  When compared to other buffets on "the Strip", this was pretty weak.  Were we not pressed for time because of the show I would have left and gone somewhere else.  One positive thing was that they have Sierra Mist.  That's the only major soda that is made with real sugar only (i.e. they don't have a high fructose corn syrup version anymore).  I avoid HFCS due to the toxic nature of it, so it was really nice that they had Sierra Mist.   They also had cotton candy.  Cotton Candy??  What, is this the state fair??  That was an odd thing to see there.If this buffet is convenient (as it was for us), then it's OK I guess.  But you can do a LOT better if you're willing to walk a bit (or grab the shuttle to the Rio).  With the Buffet of Buffets you would do much better to visit other places.  If you don't have that, this place is cheap and not horrible.
3	Been here for lunch a couple times.You get what you pay for here.I think its a very average, typical vegas buffet.You pay alot less than the buffets in Ceasars or Bellagio so if you are looking for VOLUME for a reasonably low price on the strip and a view of some flamingos, go here.Good to take friends, date (depending on the date), coworkers.Take customers somewhere else.
1	This is a paradise if you are a senior looking for a retirement home. The carpeting, decor and the attire screams bingo for 80 year olds.Never have I seen such a bad assortment of badly done foods. The fish had a distinctive fishy taste, the prime rib was well done which is a crime, the chicken had a layer of slime on top, the mashed potatoes needed gravy which likely meant it wasn't going to be good enough on its own, and I basically stopped there.Their dessert section looked like they had just lifted the bakery section from a Wal-Mart. Their soft serve machine reminded me of Hometown Buffet, their chocolate fountain looked like they picked it up from Target, and their enormous cotton candy made me think they were too cheap to give us gelato or crepes.No no no.No.
4	Boo no crepes after 11.30AM now! That sucked because I specifically came to this one again because I remembered having crepes.I didn't end up docking a star because they had a breakfast section with really good eggs, delicious hash browns and sausages. The sushi was really good and the crawfish was better this time.
3	Checked out their buffet for breakfast. Made to order omelettes, crepes and french toast. Their waffles were made into playing card symbols. Other than that it's your typical breakfast foods. They had fried chicken which was delicious. Make sure to ask to be seated next to their garden for an amazing view. Their dessert was kind of hidden off to the side. Had to snag a few soft peanut butter cookies myself!
1	Awful, awful, awful. Only time will tell if my fiance and I will get food poisoning from this buffet. Every single dressing at the salad bar had a thickened, congealed layer on top- looked like instant sickness if consumed. The food selection overall was limited and left a lot to be desired. We have the 24 hour pass and the other buffets have been great. But if I just paid full price to eat here, I would have demanded my money back.
1	We went to this buffet for Sunday brunch and it was terrible! Service was bad, food was bad, overall experience was bad. The only good part of this buffet was the chocolate fountain. I wanted to dip some banana pieces in the fountain, but even those were brown! Save your money...eat somewhere else.
3	This buffet is not the worst buffet, but far from the best. It's a very basic, scaled back buffet. The one thing I love about coming here is eating their salad bar with all the fixings and the crawfish.  The crawfish are on the cold bar next to the shrimp and crab. I bring a few plates over to the kitchen crew and they drop them in a hot pot of boiling water to get them just the way I like em, nice and hot. The prime rib is very tender. They do have dessert crepes, but they are pre-made and are not fresh like the Paris buffet. The chocolate fountain is great for dipping your fresh fruit, brownie pieces and marshmallows.  They also make cotton candy for the dinner time crowd.  Overall, the buffet here is very basic and simple and try do a great job for what it is. If you want something top notch, visit Caesar's Palace buffet, (The Bacchanal).
3	We caught the end of lunch and the beginning supper. The salad and soup portion was good. The dessert bar was outstanding. It was almost as long as the hot food bar. The hot bar was ok but the weakest area. King crab legs were cold. Boiled shrimp real good. Fried chicken was only fair. Our server, Jose, was very proficient.We had a great table with a view of the paradise garden with birds, fish etc was very nice. We would do it again.
1	The only reason why I an giving this place 1 star is because the steak was good. We went here for "brunch" but there were absolutely no breakfast items. How does a brunch not include BReakfast?! The food was horrible, the fruit was molded, I really don't have anything good to say. The manager offered free breakfast to 2ppl in our group of five and we were left to decide which 2 it would be. Huh??? How is that ok? Never again! I beg you to go anywhere but here
1	Horrible. We remember it being bad, but we figured it had been a while, we'll try it again. No, our mistake. We had the buffet pass and it was late. We were having a late dinner. It was pretty bare bones for customers. The food was gross, old, picked over. It was sad. It was gross. Never again. Do not waste your money or your time. Also, we are not big people but the booths are small and crammed together. The booths that are made for 2 and tightly jammed in there. Maybe that's why we couldn't eat...we had a table jammed into our stomachs. Yeah, that's it.....
1	Slim pickings. Teeny, tiny, dirty crab legs. Even the salad bar was sad. All the meats were dry and overcooked. I give this place one star because they have a pretty good dessert section, I suppose it's so you can go away remembering that instead of the main dishes. They should be charging half of what they do for that poor excuse of a buffet, there are more choices at a sizzler.
1	The dinner buffet was absolutely horrible. Very little choice for dinner and the food was never replaced in a timely manner. The service was, otherwise fantastic.
1	The service was awful. Specially in the front desk.
1	Don't waste your money. Very disappointing and at the bottom of the Vegas buffet spectrum. Minimal food choices, I expected more from a dinner buffet. The best part about this buffet is the build your own salad, but I can do that at home, it seemed like everything was excessively salty. Just not worth it.
4	After reading all of the negative Yelp reviews, I had pretty low expectations.  We had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so this was our third buffet with the pass.  Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised with the awesome view of the flamingo garden and the plentiful seafood.  I mainly ate the crab legs, shrimp cocktail, guacamole, sushi, and salmon.  The sushi mainly consisted of crab and tuna rolls.  Nothing special, but decent with some soy sauce.  They also had cooked salmon and raw salmon dishes, both of which were delicious!  Since we were there for a late lunch (around 4 p.m.) we also got to enjoy some of the dinner specialties.  I iked the chocolate fondue fountain, dipping strawberries and macaroons, and my husband liked the cookie bar.
3	INSIDE THE FLAMINGO HOTEL. BREAKFAST BUFFET REVIEW ONLY. Breakfast buffet after a long sleepless night of being up (and not for gambling, the clubs, or partying), why not? Customers and patrons of the Flamingo hotel and player's card members get a discount and shorter lines. Breakfast buffet was average. Wasn't bad wasn't exceptional either. It hit the spot and wasn't too expensive. I liked the omelet bar and corned beef hash (the two items that left a lasting memory). :)Good service and free mimosas with the players card on Sundays!
2	I will start off and say I wasn't hungry going into the Flamingo so it might be the reason of my judgement but still. I walked in wi my boyfriend and this buffet was one of the smallest I've seen since coming yo vegas. It reminded me of the size of an old country buffet. The selection was not even that great. The one thing that was interesting was the "make your own quesadilla " but too bad I'm not a big fan if quesadilla. I honestly spent my time taste testing desserts. The cotton candy was awesome and the cheesecake pops were very yummy but I couldn't say the same about the main courses.
1	Two words: Absolute GarbageEverything, the staff, the food, the cleanliness, garbage.
1	Skip this Buffett!! Don't even let the 2 for 1 whisper to you! You've been warned!I was not impressed by the buffett at all. They have a small selection. All food of the food is not properly heated. Waitress service was lacking. Not friendly at all.  The best was the views of the habitat while eating.Not much to say
1	My mom and I went here this morning (weekday). Paid $19 each (used our players card for a bit of a discount). The only thing decent on the buffet is the toast. Food was cold, gravy was salty, donuts were hard, etc etc. If it wasn't for the omelet and crepe bar we would have left still hungry. Don't waste your time. Too many good places to eat in Vegas for around the same price.
3	We were hungry and had to wait for hour room for about an hour while carrying laptop bag (didn't wanna leave it with the bellhop). This plus a coupon, plus someone's platinum status (=free drink at the buffet) and we decided to stop by this buffet.I've been here before, so I didn't have high expectations. The food was edible, but nothing really stood out in a good or bad way. The service was good. I couldn't find anything too good for dessert and for some reason the chocolate fountain wasn't assembled (it was weekday lunch).Overall, an ok place to get some food. It I had more time and nothing heavy to carry, it would have been better to add $8 and go to Wicked Spoon!
1	Do not eat here.  Old food, limited selection, stingy with the roast beef.  I asked for seconds and watched the server cut it from the toughest part of the meat.  Uneatable.  Sushi was old, desserts very dry.  Could not eat most of what we chose.
1	After a long day at the Go-Pool, decided we needed a buffet. Let me first start by saying....Save your money by not going here. Very expensive for Hometown buffet quality food. Go to Caeser's buffet. Very expensive, bad attempt at sushi, bad quality seafood, and horrible service. Went for dinner and it is poorly lit and servers are hardly ever around. Go somewhere else!
3	This buffet is smaller compared to it's Vegas counter parts, if we weren't staying here I'm not sure if we would have bothered. The food itself was good, made to order eggs, corned beef hash, real hash browns, bagels & bread for toasting,  and a carving station, but nothing that really stands out. If you are staying at Flamingo or the Quad and it is within stumbling distance, and you are just looking for breakfast, it's worth the try... otherwise there are many other suitable choices that will bring you more quality.
1	This place gives buffets a bad name. I hadn't eaten prior to my flight so it has been a good 8 hours and I was starved so it wouldn't have taken too much to make me happy. A $20 lunch gets you a surly waitress and a limited and tasteless selection of food. Even the desserts were bad. Makes Golden Corral look like a 5 star restaurant. I guess the place had a nice view of the courtyard but I wasn't given a seat near the window.
2	Service was slow and it wasn't busy at all. Food was not so good. Only good food was the seafood.
2	I would recommend go somewhere else, even if you're tired and have to walk. Went for dinner and didn't get a view of the flamingo habitat. The food was o-kay, but the selection was poor. The guy carving the roast beef hates his job and it shows. The restaurant is nice, but could use some detailed cleaning. Too bad.... it has such great potential.
1	I very rarely complain about the food at restaurants, but I was shocked by how much I disliked the buffet at the Flamingo. Usually I've got to the pricier buffets when I've been in Vegas, and always liked them, but we decided to look at something a little cheaper to make up for our other expensive meals of the weekend, and found ourselves at Flamingo. The food wasn't very fresh. Nothing was warm or cold - just a lukewarm temperature. We tried the spring rolls, several of the vegetable dishes, fried rice, shrimp, cocktail sauce, crab legs, salads, desserts... basically gave everything a try. The spring rolls and crackers were chewy, while all the sauces were inedible. The cocktail sauce had such a strong horseradish taste that I nearly choked on it, and I'm not sure what was in the Caesar dressing but it was awful and had a weird, gritty texture (almost like sand). My dining partner said the desserts were very good. The saving grace for dinner was the make your own pasta bar. It was something that I easily could have made at home, but it was fresh, tasty, and the only reason that I left feeling full. The service was also very friendly and helpful, but with food like that I'd rather spend the extra money to go to the Buffet at the Aria.
1	Even with $20 off this was horrible!!!!!!!!!!!! I could of gotten a better meal at McDonald's!! Listen to the reviews please don't waste your money. I'm so disappointed. We came off the plane tired and hungry and didn't want to walk too far...I would of walked to the moon and back if I knew it was this horrible! Food is cold, sitting out,, tasteless and no selection. Waste of calories
2	This is not the best buffet on the strip, but it's also not that bad. There really isn't anything special about it other than affordability, a short wait time, and attentive waitresses. The food is so-so. There is not an elaborate spread. The sweets section is only average. I'd say go here for breakfast rather than lunch, because it's hard to mess up eggs and sausage.
2	Ok, let me start out by saying that the staff here is friendly, and if you get a decent seat, the views of the Flamingo Habitat are very nice.  However, the food at the buffet isn't good and the selection that they offer for a buffet could be a lot better (very small selection of items compared to all the other buffets I've been to in Vegas).  They don't even serve regular pancakes or french toast for Breakfast.  Waffles only.  Really??  If they offered more items I'd be willing to try it again and hopefully give it a better rating.
2	Sigh...where do I even start. Buffets make me very happy. I am usually excited to go to one and I find that it is usually an attraction in itself. This buffet however was not the case. There was a nice little array of desserts and the salad bar was my go to. The temperature for all main items seemed off. I'm not sure if everything had been sitting out for a long time but my food was at room temperature (a big peeve for me). The breads were stale. I only rate this 2 stars due to decent desserts and salad bar. Our waitress and hostess were fabulous but other than that this place needs some improvement foodwise. The view was beautiful as we were sitting with views overlooking the Koi ponds, flamingo,  ducks, and little waterfalls.
1	I was there on July 9th 2014. Walked in, paid for two, tried the food and walked out immediately. It was very bad. Nothing was fresh. Don't go there. Save your money, I was very surprised. Another Vegas buffet that went down the hill.
2	We went here for a late lunch, around 3:30 PM on a Friday.  The buffet has large windows that look into the flamingo habitat, and we had gone specifically for the experience.  Alas, the server in charge of that section had not shown up and they didn't want to seat us there.  After some pleading and  request to speak with the manager, they made do and sat us in that section.  The first dining room - the closest to the entrance -, where we were seated, has the best view of the habitat as that's where the flamingos hang out.Other than the view, there is absolutely nothing to recommend this buffet.  First of all, it's fairly small consisting mostly of American fare.  Nothing looked particularly appetizing to me, so all I got was some prime rib and a cilantro chicken wing.  The beef was surprisingly good for a buffet - better than the one served at the Paris and Planet Hollywood - in that it wasn't dry.  The chicken was also tasty.  So if you do go for the flamingos, these two items are safe to eat.My daughter did enjoy the sushi and the cold shrimp, and the other one did fairly well with the pasta.  My dad, however, first got the roast turkey with gravy and then the fried chicken, and he found both of them very dry.Desserts were a little better.  Skip the chocolate fountain, if it's working. It may look cool but the chocolate syrup tastes like cocoa powder.  The cupcakes weren't a big hit, but the little pudding cups were good.  Some of the pastries were also OK.  My youngest daughter liked the cotton candy.All in all, we wouldn't go back for the food, but the view made it worth it.NOTE: I might have felt differently if I had actually paid cash for this buffet, I got it as part of the " buffet of buffets", and we tried 4, so I saw this one as the freebie.
1	The flamingo buffet was truly awful. It costs 26 dollars and isn't worth the price. Most of the dishes were cold and tasted like shit. Some of the fruit was rotten and it's a poor selection. Don't waste 26 dollars, harrahs buffet is the same price and 10 times better.
3	I'm not sure if I actually wasn't disappointed by the food because of our lunch at the MGM Grand buffet or if this is a real three star rating but either way, I wasn't disappointed =0).  They had shrimp, crab legs, "asian" food like all buffets do, fried food, baked fish, salmon, all kinds of stuff that wasn't too bad, but I'd have to agree with another yelper who said that the food was all lukewarm and not necessarily hot or cold.  I didn't eat too much because since we were doing a turnaround I didn't want to eat and then having the itis driving home.  The food I had was just ok, though.  The crab legs were bottom of the barrel, weren't very fresh, they had made slits in the shells so they could be opened easier, but even when they were broken at the slits the meat stuck to the shells so it was hard to get it all out without completely cracking the legs open lengthwise (yah, I'm kind of a crab leg pro hahaha).  The desserts were ok, nothing to complain about after a long day on my feet.  The only thing that was slightly annoying was the fact that they sat our large group in the back but had ample seating everywhere else.  Other than that, the man who was serving us our drinks was great and quick, missed a few people which was understandable because there were so many in our party.  Overall our experience was nice, the food was decent and didn't disgust me like the MGM buffet did, and the staff was great.
2	Stayed at the Flamingo tried the Buffet. Wasn't impressed, food did not taste like good quality. $19.99 a person without alcohol is kinda pricey for a mediocre buffet. Food was lack luster, I went back for seconds to get my moneys worth but really wasnt into the taste of the food.Caesars has a way better one for $1 more! Save your money and go somewhere better
1	This buffet was disappointing and I feel silly for even attempting to try the breakfast after the dinner was so "so-so."  I am not a picky eater but the pasta salad was not very good, the made to order pasta tasted worse than something from a chain buffet restaurant.  The prime rib wasn't bad and the desserts (chocolate fountain and ice cream) were good.  However, who has a chocolate fountain and has cantaloupe and melon and no strawberries?  The cheese potatoes were cold and not very good.  For breakfast, the eggs were watery, the omelet flavorless, and the bacon was really salty.  The waffles were pretty good.  We had a two-for-one, but even with that, it doesn't seem worth it (I mean I guess if you are desperate but definitely not worth full price!!)...not after you see what other buffets are like.  I guess it was our fault for going back.  The options were just so basic and limited and the price was not that much different from other buffets.  I have been to MGM, Rio, Aria (heck even a buffet in Palm Springs that I went to had more options that this!).  There was only about two rows of food and everything tasted "off" to me.  The waiter at dinner was also not very friendly and would stand around and do nothing while we had dirty plates on our table.  We went there because we were staying at the hotel and it seemed like you'd spend just as much money eating at the nearby cafe.  Maybe that would have been smarter, though, because this buffet is definitely not worth the money.  Go right outside and try some place on the Linq if you are starving and want something close by.
1	Do not - I repeat - Do Not eat here.  We came for dinner Labor Day weekend.  Waited in a 2 person line that turned into a 20 minute wait because their system went down.  Although there was one register helping the diamond line only, not cool.We should've asked to look at the food before deciding to purchase.  Everything was cold, bland, not appealing, and gave me bathroom problems afterwards.  The cold crab legs were completely liquefied and milky.  I'm shivering just remembering it to type this review.  Worst food experience we had in Vegas for sure.
2	Tiny mediocre buffet for a World Famous resort destination, how could this be?! The food is just ok, nothing nothing special. Cut up ham sandwiches as a highlight item for Sunday Brunch? Grocery store style sushi, average breakfast items, mediocre salad bar. Cafeteria is a good word that describes the place. I live in Henderson and we have a neighborhood buffet at the Fiesta casino that is 5 times larger in comparison. Once again a multimilllion dollar casino with a chuck wagon buffet? I appologize to the tourists that come from all over the world to eat here, sorry.Service is good, watiress was attentive. That is about it, out.
2	How do I start this. Just NO! We went and surprised by a minimal choices of food. Not even appealing.i told my friends we shoulda checked the review before we went here.when I checked all I read is complains.mediocre is the right term for this buffet.go to Paris buffet it is much better! Will never come here again.
2	This buffet was mediocre compared to the other buffets in las vegas. My friends and I went to this buffet using the buffet of buffet deal. I would definitely not ever pay full price to go and eat here. The selection was small and disappointing. I didnt like the decor its very dated and the whole place needs a renovation.  I did like the view of the outside of the flamingo property but that was it.
2	Another buffet deal from buffet of buffet,  but this one not my favorite,  the food for buffet just too so so.Service was good and nice view of the flamingos, that's it.
3	We went for breakfast. It was okay. Mediocre. The crepes were delicious though!
1	My husband and I got the 24hr buffet. This buffet at flamingo sucks food was not tasty and it looked nasty..we ended up walking  out and head to another buffet at pH..don't recommend it at all
5	The Paradise Buffet at the Flamingo hotel and casino is reasonably priced. They have several different types of food ranging from salads, seafood, sushi, and meats. The food is well prepared and is very good. The dessert bar is outstanding and also has a variety of items such as cakes , ice cream and sweets. The prices range from $27.00 per person. If you find a tickets for half price booth on the strip you can buy tickets for a few dollars off the meal.
2	1. Verdict/Value: Tough to recommend with so many better options on the Strip.  Look at other buffets first.2. Food: Arguably the smallest buffet on the Strip, it not only has a smaller selection, but nothing special.3. Service: Our waitress kept mixing up our drink orders and was difficult to find when we needed the bill.  I'm hopeful not all waitresses were like her (especially when there isn't much to deliver and sort out in a buffet); however, she successfully put a further damper on the experience.4. Atmosphere: Think early 90's decor with a view.  Restaurants across the nation (and buffets in Vegas) continued to revitalize themselves in the last 10 years; it may be time for the Paradise Garden to do the same as well.
1	Received a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for this buffet and that wasn't the case. Only received $10 off. The food was terrible. Dinner rolls were hard. Beef tasted as if it sat under the heat lamp for 6 hours. Only thing decent was salad and cookies. I do not recommend this establishment even if the food was free.
1	Located in The Flamingo Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. Ok $20 for lunch really?!? The bellagio is a couple of bucks more and 100000000000 times better. Make the walk over there instead, it's right across the street and let's be honest before and after filling your face with a Las Vegas Buffet, the stroll will do you good. Also the service sucks here, the waiter walked by my empty drink no less than 8 times before offering to refill it. Life is too short for overpriced tourist trap buffets, skip this one and hit up Bellagio. You will thank me later. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Gross. Paid $68 for 2 adults and 1 11 yo child.... What a waste of money! Barely any food selection and what they do have is just plain nasty. I tried to play it safe and have a salad... The dressing tasted funny... I wish I could have gotten my money back!
1	It's a worst buffet with poor service. We have gone to other buffets in vegas, this is the worst one we had. Not much varieties. As starters and main course disappointed us we waited for dessert but of not satisfied. I don't suggest if are looking for a good food.
4	Considering the price of $20 it had a variety of breakfast items and lunch items. They had a well stocked dessert bar area to include pies, crepes, cookies, donuts, breakfast pastries, and cotton candy. This was my favorite part. We came here because the Mirage cravings breakfast was $35 and the night before we had a bad experience. We would definitely come here again.
1	Bad food, mediocre service, terrible selection. Avoid this place. My intestines are still upset at having dinner there last night.  You walk in and is like walking into the 80s, the place looks old, no updates, nothing pleasant to look at. Their roast beef is more like rubber beef. The strip has tons of options, this is not a good one.
4	I don't like the Flamingo, or many of Harrah's properties (now Caesar's) for that matter... I think they are seedy and have been allowed to run down.HAVING SAID THAT...This buffet with it's menu, at the price, is really good.  Yes they have all the breakfast goodies including bagels and lox, and some of the lunch items (we didn't go at the change over hour... we were there at 9:00am).  There were shrimp and lots of other lunch time selections.Caution... if you are driving, with the twists and turns, it is very difficult to get to the valet, and then it's a long walk to the buffet!
1	ATTENTION this place taste like crap. And even by crap standard it's too crappy for other craps to like it. Spend your extra dollars in McDonald's instead, because that's more of a 'paradise'
3	Two times I've gone here, I've only had their breakfast buffet. Either times, I can't deny the options they have from their option of chicken & waffles and a simple egg, bacon, and hashbrown optioned breakfast. Could be one of the smaller ones but the food they offer is good enough for breakfast. They also have a dessert/fruit section as well as a salad bar with shrimp cocktails as well. Best tip is to come around 10:30am and stay until 11:00am so you get the brunch meal with options of crab legs and prime rib. The food isn't too bad and with the longer waits at other places, you can't go wrong coming here. Though a warning to you is the service is not so great. Not a lot of people working so you can be sure that once you are done with your first dish and back to start eating on your second dish that your first plate is still there at the table. Refills take a while if you don't ask your server. They don't come refill for you if you don't ask. Though the food is decent and there's not much of a wait, the customer service needs to get better here.
1	The best part of eating breakfast here was there was no line at 7:30 AM. It was down hill from there. Coffee was extremely bitter.  Omelet was bland and was tasteless. The only thing edible was bagel,  doughnuts,  and toast. Ok the cereal was individual packing. Getting wervice from the servers were painful. They cannot be blamed. our server was taking care of half the floor. I requested milk from a woman in a suit and was directed to request it from the server. The second time i saw the woman in the suit, i informed her that i have not seen the server and i would like a glass of milk. She then yelled across the floor to our server to get us a glass of milk. Poorly handled and demeaning to the server. I certainly will not come here again.
1	Seriously, there is no reason for a human being to eat here. I had lunch here today and every single thing about this place was awful. "Buffet" is not accurate. It was more like a cafeteria or a mess hall. This place should not be mentioned in the same category as other Vegas buffets.
2	Part of the buffet of buffet program. Came in for breakfast and it is pretty average if not weak. The omelet station is the one shining star, made a nice western omelet that was very well prepared. The rest of the buffet is just a collection of side dishes and standard breakfast fare, nothing special. The lucky charms are always a bonus. At first we tried the Caesars buffet but there is a $30 up charge for the holiday brunch so that will be our noontime destination. It looks pretty good, far more diverse than the Flamingo. The Flamingo had just one lonely ham as the carving station. Bottom line this is not the option with so many better ones right next door.
4	Used our holiday buffet pass here for breakfast ($70/pp buffet pass).The holiday breakfast was only $18.99 ... the holiday buffet pass sucks. Do not get the buffet pass during the holidays.I like that you can place your drink orders with the cashier. The orange juice tasted really good ... so much better than paris buffet's orange juice. The view of the pool/water fountain made breakfast so much more enjoyable. The eggs benedict tasted the same as bellagio eggs benedict.The donuts/muffins came out of a pink box....The crepe station was yummyWaffles were yummy.. crunchy on outside and soft on the inside.Had the usual breakfast items: muffins, donuts, cereal, salmon, vegetables, salad bar, fruits, sausages, omelette station, and its worth the breakfast price. (Worth it just without the buffet pass) i wouldn't pay more than $18.99/pp here. The staff was super quick and attentive. Great breakfast ambiance.
4	You COULD probably find a better buffet. But i had completely forgotten that i had a $25 coupon for excessive wait time when I checked in to the hotel 2 days ago. My boyfriend and I had brunch for only $14 & some change. Can't beat that. It might not be the tastiest & fanciest but for that price, I'm not getting picky. Omelettes & crepes were being freshly made to order, coffee was good & employees are nice. If you aren't a total snob, you might just like this place.
1	Bleh, me and the family only went here because it was free in the show package that we bought. Needless to say, this package only existed because this sad excuse of a Vegas buffet needed the business boost.There's only two stations, the main course and dessert. The crab legs were awful and smelly. The steak was dry. The chicken was not juicy. The dessert was all old cookies and cupcakes, and the fruits were gone by the time I got there. One saving grace is the novelty of the fondue fountain, which is enjoyable. If you've come all the way to Vegas from wherever else in the world for an awesome buffet, there are plenty of alternatives. If it's too cold outside or you're too drunk to walk away from the Flamingo, give this place a shot. If they reduced their prices to match their quality, maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Get your stuff, together, Flamingo!
1	Quite possibly one of the worst buffets in Vegas. Seriously, they're not even trying anymore. The food was all bland and uninspired. We only went here because those timeshare people gave us 2-for-1 coupons. There isn't much of a crowd there, either, as people recognize it is crap.They hide the buffet section - you have to walk further to the back to see it. Some people miss it completely. Save yourself $15-20 and just go eat some stuff off the dollar menu at McDonalds nearby. I'm serious.
1	January 3, 2015PARADISE GARDEN BUFFET...SHAME ON YOU!SKIP IT & GO SOMEWHERE ELSE...ANYWHERE ELSE, EVEN FAST FOOD! Worst lunch buffet I've been to in VEGAS!Stations were bare!Salad Bar was slim pickins! Chicken Noodle soup was bland I NEEDED HOTSAUCE & LEMON JUST TO GIVE IT SOME FLAVOR.  Food on buffet was dried out.Roast Beef in carving station TOO rare.  I had to ask the chef to grill it up.  Turkey was dried out.  Its a small buffet not very much to choose from.  SLIM PICKINS!No baked potatoes.Only 1 soup available.  Dining room was too cold.Wifi connect in dining area very slow.$21.99 per person.  FLAMINGO BUFFET USE TO BE ONE OF THE BEST ON THE STRIP...Disappointing, we wont be back!
