4	We trained for our Open Water with El Mar a few years ago and then went one one of their Mexico bus trips more recently.  The classroom and pool training was simply outstanding.  The course staff was very knowledgeable and professional and the facilities are just right.  Similarly, I was able to get my Advanced Open Water on the Mexico trip.  Although I had not planned on doing so, the staff talked me into it, for which I am actually quite grateful.Their store is very well stocked and prices are good, with knowledgeable retail staff as well.We did our actual Open Water dives in Hawaii, but the folks at El Mar were very helpful and gave us everything we needed.  When we got to Maui and did our dives, the Course Director with whom we dove remarked that our training had been superior, compared to most of the tourists with whom he completed Open Water dives.
1	I needed some slings for my JBL speargun. The shop had a decent supply of speargun slings, but not the particular size or brand I needed. The sales guy said he could order them and it would take about a week. So I gave him my contact information and he said he would call me when the slings arrived. Two weeks go by and no call from El Mar Dive Shop. I decided to head over to the shop and check on my order. The same guy who said he would order the slings tells me he forgot to place the order. He asked if I still wanted him to place the order, reluctantly I said ok. Again, he takes down my contact information and tells me he will give me a call when the slings arrive in about a week. Three weeks go by and again no call from El Mar. So again I decide to head over to the shop to check on my order. This time the same guy, I didn't get his name, says the slings arrived. I asked him why I didn't get a phone call, he acted surprised and said somebody should have called. He then lays the slings on the counter, but they are not the size that I ordered. He then tells me that the company they order from, Trident, only makes them in certain sizes and they didn't have my size. So this guy went ahead and ordered the wrong size for me anyway and then tried to sell them to me. I said no thanks and walked out. I always try to do business with local merchants. These days, with the economy the way it is, one would think that a business, especially a dive shop in the desert, would provide better customer service to earn peoples' repeat business. Forgetting to place my order, failure to call me twice after saying they would, ordering the wrong size merchandise...three (actually four) strikes...YOU'RE OUT, El Mar!
5	There aren't many places in the Phoenix-metro area that can boast being in business for 45+ years.  I've been to many a scuba shop and its always nice to see a family owned and operated business thrive amongst the big box sports stores.  If you are thinking about getting certified think about this:  Do you want to be in a corporate setting with an instructor who has never been in the ocean OR do you want to be around incredibly knowledgeable/experienced staff in a really cool yet safe and professional setting?  Oh....and they beat anyone's price on certifications and equipment; apple for apple.
5	I've been going to El Mar for years.  They have a great selection and a helpful staff.  I recommend them to anyone looking for classes, gear, repair .. Thanks guys.
5	Always great, knowledgeable service when they work on our regulators. Great people working there who never try to oversell you on equipment and their salt water, heated pool is awesome for refresher courses!
5	My wife and I got all of our certifications here and have been coming here for years for equipment and advice.  The people here are extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Even if they don't carry what you need, they will give you advice on the best equipment for your needs, whether it's dive equipment or underwater photography equipment.  They are the best!
2	I'm not talking bad about the pool, just stating what I experienced. With 2 grown men & myself in the pool (deep end) doing descents/ascents, buoyancy training & swimming around we constantly were bumping into each other or on top of each other. It's great you have a pool on site, but to me that was not a make or break, when it came to where I was going to get certified. The reviews of the instructors (at the dive training site) is what made my decision.
