5	How have I not reviewed this place yet!?  I love sushi...I usually crave it every couple weeks and this is the place to come for satisfaction.  I am never disappointed and there is a lot to watch as everything is made right in front of you.  Takara is also known for its saki bombs, which everyone needs to experience once.  My only complaint is that every time I go in there there seems to be a group of greeks (the fraternity/sorority kind) and they can be a little obnoxious.  It would take more than that to ruin this place though.  Expect to pay about $15-18 a person, but well worth it.  5 stars.
5	I have never actually had one of the meals at Takara because when I go here I'm interested in sushi and that's it.  Takara never disappoints.  They have fabulous service and well crafted sushi rolls.  My favorites include the Fancy Salmon Roll, Naruto, and Fashion Maki.  You definitely have options for sushi in Madison and going here is a good choice
5	Takara is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Madison and has been for years.  Yes, I've tried Sushi Box.  No, I don't care that the sushi is more 'authentic,' and therefore, 'better.'  I love my Americanized maki!  Put some more avocado and cream cheese on that shit!  ;)Seriously, though, I am a big fan of their sushi rolls.  I particularly like the Shogun Roll and Spicy Tuna.  I love that their menu says "Special Roll for Special Customer."  :D  They have an excellent lunch special, if I'm remembering correctly.  Their entrees are good, too.I really enjoy the atmosphere (usually quiet, even if there are lots of people), and the service (friendly, attentive and polite).  One day, out of nowhere (and much to my chagrin), a roach crawled up on my table!  Nothing could've blown my mind more, because this place just looks so clean!  I alerted a waitress, who FREAKED out.  She and several other waitresses had a small shit fit and managed to capture the roach and get rid of it.  They apologized profusely and were so embarrassed.  I am *positive* that the roach mosied on over from the ultra-scuzzy Pizza Di Roma next door.  Still, it's worth mentioning, just in case they really do have roaches.  :)  I'd still go back, though!
2	Takara is very uneven.  Sometimes the food is very good.  Other times the service is surly and unpleasant.  At times, late in the evening, it is noisy with lots of loud drinking games.  The last time we were there we were so disappointed we have not been back.  Better sushi in other places in Madison.  And better treatment of customers (in my view)
4	I booked a table for 10 last saturday for my mom's b-day. I tried to book for 2:00 but they close for lunch at 2:30 and I changed the rezzo to 1:30. We were all driving in from different places so that's as early as our group could go. The staff was extremely attentive and the sushi was really good. And. wow. coming from Chicago...what a steal! All 10 of us ate a hearty lunch (my mom and I got a boat...yes a boat-o-sushi between us) and lots of saki and supporo and the bill was only $245!! We also brought cakes for my mom which the staff kept and even decorated with cherries and oranges before bringing them out at around 3:00 with smiles on their faces and a happy, gong accompanied, happy birthday song!The one star deduction is for the lack of dish clearing throughout the meal. The edaname appetizer remains were sitting there for almost the entire meal. It's a peeve. When I'm done with something please clear it so there is plenty of elbow room especially with a table of 10.Thank you Takara, for staying late and being great.The lunch was delish and you helped make my mom's b-day such a lovely day!
5	I moved to Madtown from LA a year ago, and I don't know what I'd do without Takara.  In LA, I lived in Little Tokyo, and ate Japanese food at least one meal a day.  So, I would safely say, I'm pretty obsessed w sushi!This place is better than the other sushi restaurants I've tried in Madison.  (I like Muramoto's restaurants a lot, but they are more like fusion food, and the menus seem kinda limited, and very pricey.)Anyway, these are my faves from Takara:Naruto roll:  this is so great because it's rolled in cucumber, and is spicy tuna w no rice.  It's delicious and seems extra healthy, which I appreciate.Tataki (tuna or beef): seared tuna or steak sliced very thin and served w ponzu (citrus soy sauce).  We always order one of each.  The portion is small but the taste is delicious!  I would eat ten orders of this if I could do so without feeling humiliated!Special king crab roll:  this is real crab w different colors of caviar (masago, tobiko, etc) on the outside.  How can you go wrong w crab & caviar?!spinach: I forget what Takara calls it, but it's goma-ai (spinach w sesame sauce)I've not tried the teppanyaki side of the restaurant, but the chefs over there do the cute entertaining stuff, so that might be a fun place to take a family for a birthday dinner.It's a good restaurant!
2	eh- location is good and the lunch special is cheap ($8 for two rolls and soup or salad), but you could probably do just as well with grocery store rolls. It's usually busy and can be fun for groups for this reason, but don't expect to be impressed- the unique rolls are expensive and the rest are boring and average.
2	Outstanding service, nice interior, disappointing food. The tempura was greasy and tasted as though the oil in the fryer hadn't been changed in a while. The sushi was ice cold, a dead giveaway that it wasn't freshly prepared. Prices are reasonable given the amount of food, but don't expect great quality, at least not at lunch.
3	Takara is pretty good, but the sushi is too darn expensive unless you get the lunch special.  The vegetarian teriyaki was OK, but not spectacular.
3	safe place for sushi.  great service.  I saw the sushi chef making this cool boat platter with lots of sushi on it.  I want that next time!
3	Been once, and only for the sushi.  The sushi and veg. tempura are good and reasonably priced.  The only reason I'm reviewing Takara is for their spicy tuna roll.  I've been to a lot of different sushi places with a lot of people who love this roll and I want to like it but it always ends up tasting like whatever spicy sauce they use and nothing else.  I'm a fan of spice, but I'm also a fan of tuna.  I'm also a fan of tasting things other than a questionable sauce for the rest of the meal.  I'm not averse to spice, I just don't want it to overpower my tongue for the next few minutes.  This is where Takara shines.  Their spicy tuna roll actually tastes both good and like spicy tuna.  It is not overpowering, is a pleasant taste rather than just chili oil, and is a welcome addition to any sushi platter.As others have noted, the crowds are a turn-off and you would probably be better off at wasabi or edo.  Based on food alone though, Takara is just as enjoyable.
3	I was pleasantly surprised with the sushi here. I came here at lunchtime and took advantage of the lunch special. I though the tempura was good and fresh. I also thought the rolls were good. Nicely prepared, and good quality fish. The soup was good too. If I have a sushi craving while in Madison, I'd be happy to come here again. It's a good deal at lunch, though I think it was weird this place didn't have tea at lunchtime.
4	Went here for Mother's Day with family. The soup here is delicious and the hibachi is as excellently prepared as any other in Madison. Do stay for the fried ice cream, it's interesting and yummy. The rock waterfall on the wall adds a unique touch and makes it stand out from the casual dining on State Street.
4	I started living in Madison in 2004 and at that point had NEVER had sushi before.  I would watch others eat and just say that it wasn't appealing to me.  It was at Takara that I converted.  In the height of my Takara days, I would go here 2 or 3 times a week.  The food is always consistent and tasty.  Never had a bad bite.  I was told by my Japanese roommate that Wasabi (down the street a few blocks) is a bit more authentic as to what one would get in Japan, but that there was nothing awry with Takara either.It continues to be THAT place for me that I go when I crave sushi.  The ambience is classy and I especially like the trickling waterfall in the front.  The staff has worked there for many years and they are always professional and quick.  It is a favorite for birthdays and special dinners!!!  I especially like the orange flavored chocolate dessert option.
4	The food is amazing, the service is great. Prepare to wait a little while to get a seat but it's worth it. Wish it would come down in price though... I want to eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal here. My boyfriend and i are definitely huge fans.
5	I probably eat lunch here 2-3 times a month.  Their spicy tuna roll, which I admit is my central criterion for judging Japanese restaurants, is AMAZING--spicy but not killer, not too much mayo, and a generally nice texture with some crunch from tempura bits.  I also really like their vegetable tempura roll with asparagus and sweet potato.The lunch special is $9.50 for two rolls with soup or salad; $12.50 for three rolls with soup or salad.  They also have very nicely priced bento box meals.  The shrimp tempura seems a little bland to me, but I really like the veggie version.  Shumai and gyoza are also very good here.I don't do the hibachi thing, but did once sit at the hibachi table when I came in with a large group.  They were very accommodating to us, which didn't surprise me, as service is generally good.Highly recommended: hot sake with dinner in the winter; green tea with lunch.
5	Takara is the best Japanese/Sushi restaurant in Madison easily! If your looking for great sushi at a reasonable price go for the Takara Lunch Special. For two rolls and either soup/salad it is only $9.50 and for three rolls and either soup/salad it is only $12.25, you can not get a whole lot better than that. The spicy California roll is by far the best roll available. I have tried getting spicy California rolls at other restaurants since trying theirs and I have never found something that comes even close to Takaras. Takara is also a great place to go for Hibachi. I love sitting around the table while the food is cooked in front of us. It is great for special occasions whether you are on a date or with a group of friends for a birthday.
5	Just had lunch at Takara and I was thoroughly impressed. I'm from out of town and needed a great sushi place close to campus. Slim chance, right?  WRONG!  Starts with great ambiance. Traditional Japanese art and design concepts. Very soothing. Excellent lunch specials too. 3 delicious rolls for under $15!  Try the Alaska, spicy tuna, and tuna & salmon rolls. Very fresh, good presentation. Highly recommend for anyone on the UW campus or in Madison.
3	THIS PLACE HAS EVERYTHING!!  Udon, sushi, and HIBACHI!  Seating at sushi bar, regular tables, habachi bar, and on the floor Japanese cushioned seated tables.  All quite good.  And chefs of all ethnicities... so multicultural, this place has it all.Pros: cheaper and better tasting that Muramoto, also more Asian people, the lunch specialCons: stains on plating, sticky tables, a lot of oil in hibachi
4	Decent, but not great, sushi and sashimi. Price is fair for a Japanese restaurant. Would go again if I ever crave Japanese food.
5	Excellent lunch specials. Love the Bento Box lunches.
5	The first Japanese restaurant I visited in Madison, and I sticked to only Takara until now. Their service is just fine, but two of their sushi rolls are my favorite! Try Romantic Roll and Fancy Salmon Roll. Yummmmmmmm. And their dessert: Fried Cheesecake, this I cannot find elsewhere! Crispy on the outside, filled with half-frozen cheese inside. Nyum.,Also, do not sit on the chairs, but take off your shoes and sit down on the upper floor, it's fun!
4	Second best sushi in Madison.  Best lunch and best sushi downtown.  The bento boxes are such a great deal I take anyone visiting Madison to lunch there.
5	If Takara was a person I would marry them.  3 words: Spicy Tuna Roll.  You will never have a better spicy tuna roll than you will get at Takara.  It is like this nugget of pure deliciosity that explodes in your mouth and you are left wondering how you can relive that moment again and again...then you realize you have 5 more little beautiful tastelets sitting on your plate.  Then you realize you have to share them.  And that kids, is how murder happens.  For real though, this place is great.  It has kind of ruined me for sushi restaurants forever because I love it so much.  Good prices too, I've never spent more than $50 bucks and I order a ridiculous amount of sushi every time I go.  It's a really good place to ease people into trying sushi.  One side note, the waitresses all wear their kimonos with the obi tied on the front, which is what Japanese prostitutes used to do...so I've always found that really funny while I'm there.  It doesn't have anything to do with the food, but there ya go.  The downside of the state street one is all the sororities and frats gather there for sake-bombs on the weekends, which is incredibly annoying.  There's another location off Whitney Way if you want to avoid that crap, and the food is just as good.
4	An excellent place to get sushi in Madison. My favorite is the spicy tuna, the Philadelphia roll(salmon cream cheese and avocado) and spider crab roll. The spicy tuna is by far my favorite.Its not cheap...but reasonable for the quality of sushi you get. If you stay away from the specialty rolls with lobster, crab, caviar etc each roll is around 6-8 dollars.  I was there last week a dinner for two with 5 sushi rolls(we got two specialty rolls about $10.00 each) a hot sake and a tea plus tip cost $60.00 even. Worth checking out if you have a craving for sushi.
4	Takara was my introduction to sushi. I never ate in the restaurant, but my roommate** and I ordered take-out quite a lot. My favorite thing was to bring sushi up to Concerts on the Square in the summer. For those who are also getting their sushi education at Takara, I highly recommend their veggie tempura roll. I would still order that today, even now that I will eat practically any fish, raw or cooked (my education was expedited when I worked at a sushi bar after college).Hibachi will cost you, but Takara is really cheap for sushi. It didn't seem like it on a student's budget, I know. To put it in perspective, In Minneapolis (which isn't even an expensive city), a big specialty roll can run close to $20 -- at Takara, nothing is over $14. Their two- or three-roll lunch specials... I don't even wanna talk about it. Be thankful, Madison. Damned thankful.**My college roommate could eat wasabi by the handful.
5	AWESOME. Don't waste your time walking up and down State Street trying to decide where to eat... go STRAIGHT to Takara. We were so impressed... the food is creative, refined and delicious. HIGHLY recommended.
4	Had a terrific dinner here while visiting Madison.  I really enjoyed my sushi, and my wife had a great Bento Box.
5	Takara and Ginza are my favorite sushi places in Madison. I can't speak for Takara's other dishes, just the sushi. They have a spicy tuna roll that's wrapped in cucumber instead of rice - fantastic. I've also gotten the "love boat" before, which is a huge boat filled with chefs choice. All very delicious.
2	I was very disappointed in this restaurant. After reading so many reviews, I was  having a  high hope to find another good Japanese restaurant in Madison. Sadly the food is very bland, the sushi is not fresh at all. We ordered sushi for two and you can see some of the meat are cooked due to microwave defrosting.
5	I LOVE Takara! For being in the Midwest their fish is incredibly fresh. I have never had a bad meal here. I always get their spicy tuna roll, by far the best in Madison! Bento boxes for lunch are great, as is their hibachi.
4	I really love this place.  I have never had a bad meal here and plan to go back.  They need more friendly service and some more room if possible.  Other than that I think it is a nice place for Japanese food in Madison.
4	Took my good friend Sara here on a recommendation from a friend who lives in the area. I couldn't be happier with the experience we had. The edamame was excellent, the vegetable tempura was amazing and the hibachi was very good. We walked in hungry and left full and very pleased. The service was excellent as well.Can't wait to come back to mad-town and try some of their sushi!!
3	Nothing like a record breaking protest for democracy in Wisconsin to test the relative abilities of the restaurants near the capitol to handle big crowds.  Takara did much better than most, they managed to squeeze us in within a couple of minutes, and overall, the service was polite, quick, attentive, and competent, by American standards.  By Japanese standards, they were a little rude, no welcome ("irasshaimase"), or oshibori (hot towel to wash up with), or hot tea (ocha). On the way out, polite Japanese waitstaff always thank you (maido arigato!", or at least just, maido"!, if it's busy)".  Not here.       A note for those of you who are trying to make sense of the rather wide range of ratings from the Yelpers here, the prices are a bargain for sushi if you're from out of town, but by Madison grad student standards, this is an expensive dinner; compared to sushi prices for Madison area Japanese and pseudo-Japanese restaurants, this place is about average.  Yes, the staff is Asian, but no, they are most certainly NOT Japanese.  There are various hints, like, for instance, they don't speak Japanese, and the menu has odd mistakes. For example, instead of tonkatsu, they have "katsu dipping sauce," and they provide spoons with the soups (Japanese soup should be eaten by bringing the bowl up to your face with the fingers of both hands), the food isn't always served in the appropriate (according to Japanese manners) bowls or dishes. So, if you're looking for authentic Japanese, you might be a little disappointed, there's this silly "Hibachi" open grill set up for entertainment-cum-Japanese-stereotype dinner, that should be avoided.       The sushi on the other hand, is pretty good.  They have a good but not great selection of the standard sushi choices, they also have some original and inventive rolls, I liked my "samurai roll," though it was cut in an odd way.  Japanese sushi should be eaten in one bite, so that the beautifully presented piece isn't aesthetically marred on the way in, but the roll I ordered was cut into pieces too large to get into even my big mouth in one bite.  The unagi, tomago, and toro were quite good, the uni was slightly off (I wonder if it was microwave defrosted).  The edamame was fresh and generous in portion size.  You don't automatically get a bowl of miso first, you have to order it separately, although minor, I didn't like that, on a cold day, it's just good Japanese manners to warm your customers up with really hot miso, and if you're ordering a lot of sushi, the cost of "complimentary" miso is really negligible.       The tempura and katsu were tasty, but not quite right (the batter and frying oil weren't exactly right).  Tempura is a challenge, the texture has to be just so, it needs to taste light and crispy, very hot, not greasy in spite of the fact that it's fried.  If you've had a lot of Japanese food, you'll know what I mean, the tempura and katsu will be a tad disappointing, if you're not so familiar with authentic Japanese, it's not like the Takara versions are not palatable, they're just not exactly correct.  When tempura is done right, the batter is made with icy water, prepared from scratch just before frying in sesame oil.  If shortcuts are taken, a mixture of cheaper oils, batter made up before hand, lukewarm water is used, then the characteristic texture and taste is slightly off even if the rest of the recipe and cooking process is loyal to tradition.  They're taking some sort of similar shortcut with the katsu, as the breading isn't quite Japanese panko, and they don't serve it cut lengthwise the way the Japanese like it, they've invented a kind of nugget variation.       The location is very convenient for either the capitol or the UW-Madison campus.
4	Of all the places in Jersey who would think that Madison has excellent sushi?  But low and behold Takara really does have excellent sushi.  I have tried numerous specialty rolls and have been pleased again and again.  The fish is fresh, the rolls are creative, and the staff aims to please here.  It's definitely pricier than other sushi joints in the area, but you get what you pay for.
4	Good sushi, but a little overpriced in my opinion. Also, they don't do brown rice which is kind of annoying. Overall pretty solid sushi joint. Gets busy around 7.
4	Went there for the first time in a few years and had a wonderful lunch. Great sushi and fast service.
3	The lunch sets are a good deal and habachi display is cool.  I find this place too expensive,especially after another Japanese restaurant called Osaka opened a few blocks away which offers a variety of sushi and bento box for a more reasonable price,quality is a little inferior of course but well worth your money.
4	I went there once, and I'm really satisfied with the overall.The Bento Special, which i ordered, is in good portion and it tastes just fine. But the Sashimi it serves inside the Bento Special is really really tasteful. I've also order the baby Tako, and it tastes just right. I also ordered the spicy spider roll, it is okay only. Due to tight budget, I didn't order more Sashimi, but you got to try.
1	WORST SUSHI EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!!!!  I have been to Takara 3 times.  The first two were average.  This last time was horrific.  I ordered the Crab roll, 2 spicy tuna rolls, and the eastern roll and the rice was extremely dry and hard in ALL of my rolls.  It was so hard that I could hear crunching sounds in my head as I chewed my sushi.  I told the waiter and the manager and they just said "that's how sushi is supposed to be."  They did not make any adjustments to my bill nor did they offer a replacement.  POOR FOOD AND POOR SERVICE!!!  I'm never coming back again.  Go to Sushi Muramoto instead!!  Their service never disappoints.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Madison for the day and we had heard good things about Takara. We ordered the sushi for two. The prices were very reasonable and the sushi was absolutely delicious. The service was very good as well. Highly recommended.
3	I've been to Takara many times in the past, and ordered takeout recently only to be disappointed.  As far as I'm concerned, their entrees and cooked dishes are far better than their sushi.  The soba noodles are delicious, the sushi, not so much.  I ordered a Naruto and an Iso fantastic roll, both of which were gigantic.  I don't think you should have to cut a piece of sushi into pieces just to be able to eat it, but with the rolls at Takara, you do.  The fish seemed semi fresh, and the rice was well cooked, but both the rolls I ordered at least 3 inches in diameter and had an inch layer thick of rice, which made them hard to eat.  One positive thing I will say is that their house ginger dressing is amazing, and I'd recommend the house salad.  Overall, I really used to like this place, but my most recent experience was a bit sub par.  Skip the sushi and go for the entrees.
3	We ate here last weekend.  We were definitely jonesing for sushi.  Unfortunately, we found it to be only mediocre here.  After  a couple "okay" pieces of salmon, I tried the tuna and it was stringy/chewy.  It actually took about 20 seconds to  get it to the point where I could swallow it.  A second piece was similar.  A couple more and I started to lose interest.  Atmosphere and staff were nice, but wouldn't go again.
3	Nothing too special.  Decent prices. PLace is also a hibachi place.
4	Nice place and staffs.  The food is good too. They just lack a variety of Japanese food and only offer some of the most popular Japanese foods. I guess it's simply Madison that we dont have a lot of choices. I love the location though.
4	I really like their sushi. The rice is of the right consistency and flavour, the fish is tasty and fresh, and it is the only place where I have had conch and sea urchin.
4	I ordered delivery from here and we were very happy with the meal!  The sushi was very tasty and my 10-yr-old sister gobbled up her adult-portion of noodles.  We also ordered edamame and seaweed salad, both of which were served just the way we liked it.A note about the delivery:  First, they were fast!  (I hate waiting for food and appreciate this!)  Second, they separated the hot and the cold food.  How great is that??  One bag for the sushi and seaweed salad and another for the noodles and edamame.  Super helpful since we weren't eating it right away.  We will order from here again!
3	We walked in on an extremely hot night craving hibachi. The waitress said they were done with hibachi for the night, but the chef was standing right behind her and said he'd do one more round for us. We were seated and 5 minutes later someone else came over and said they wouldn't do any more hibachi due to a fan problem or something.So they re-sat us at normal tables and said we could order hibachi from the kitchen if we wanted. I was seriously craving it so I did, but the food ended up all coming out at weird times and getting cold while I waited. The flavors were ok... satisfied the craving but didn't wow me in any way. In the end, they knew they had messed up and didn't decide to take a percentage off or comp any part of it.
3	Sushi in Madison, WI.? Really. Color me skeptical.OK, perhaps I'm a bit of a Minneapolis snob. Minneapolis,  you know, the birthplace of sushi, the home of sushi, where sushi was invented, where sushi is prepared with fish caught from our very own ocean.But Madison? Well, color me impressed.Tasty, fresh sushi beautifully presented.The server-by-committee left a few holes at times, but had its own charm at the same time. All in all, a nice meal. If my daughter chooses the school with the red and white badger, I look forward to eating here again.
4	Takara has a great lunch special with 3 rolls for around 12 dollars. Sushi isnt great in Madison, but Takara has provided a consistent sushi roll and great lunch special.
5	I'm from L.A. and know what a great sushi is.  I went here while on a business trip from the reviews on Yelp. Takara far exceeded my expectations.  I had I had the Unagi bowl and some sushi.  Taste was excellent and presentation is exceptional!  I will be coming here every time I come to Madison.
4	This is the best sushi I have ever had.Unfortunately, not the best customer service. It wasn't horrible, but after dinner my bf and I agreed that if the service had been a bit better we would have been over the moon happy with Takara. That being said....we will still go back time and time again because the sushi was seriously that amazing.
2	Food was ok, not to bad , but the service was bad. The waitress didn't even know what ginger is . And take long time for us to get the food . The sushi not as good as before now . I used to go there every week  :(
4	If you're a sushi enthusiast like myself, then this is the place for you.The sushi is extremely fresh and well made. The prices are reasonable, ranging anywhere from ~$4 for basic rolls to ~$12 for fancier ones. 2 orders will definitely fill you up, so I recommend bringing a few friends and ordering a couple to share amongst yourselves. You can't really go wrong with any of the sushi, but I personally liked the Naruto, Philadelphia Roll and Fashion Maki.If you're not in the mood for sushi, they also offer a wide selection of hibachi. Now keep in mind that the hibachi comes with salad, soup and rice, so only order it if you're really, really hungry. Also, it's doused in soy sauce, so if that's not your jam, request less sauce. The service is a bit slow (roughly 30-40 minutes, depending on the size of the party), but the food is definitely worth it.I will definitely be frequenting this place quite often. PS: They also offer sake bombs!!111shiftone!!
5	We've been coming to Takara for years - best sushi in town with a friendly staff.
4	In Madison on business and needed a place to eat. As I was near the university, I wandered over to State Street- the pedestrian/bicyle only section. There are numerous restaurants to choose from- every ethnic meal possible! But something drew me to Takara.As I walked in I could tell this was the real deal- the layout, decor, aromas were wonderful.  The menu was diverse so it made it difficult to choose. I opted for a Bento Box of shrimp dumplings (delicious), California roll (different than I've had elsewhere), shrimp and vegetables tempura, and tofu teriyaki (delicious and crisp). Of course, there was the obligatory rice and wasabi and ginger!  To start I had the very best Miso soup I've ever tasted.  It wasn't watery but was more creamy in a non-creamy way. It was a creamy-like broth as opposed to watery! Plentiful scallions and tofu rounded out a wonderful start!  Service was timely and very polite.  The price was extremely reasonable and I left feeling full and satisfied with a delicious meal!
5	I give this place a 5 because it converted my significant other from being a fish hater to sushi connoisseur. (thank you spicy salmon!) The fish is fresh and well portioned. I have never left unsatisfied.
3	I write this review with the full disclosure that I am not very sushi-savvy.  I was visiting Madison for business recently and was encouraged to check out Takara, so I figured I'd take this colleague up on the recommendation.  I went on a Saturday evening with a group of 7 -- note: for groups of this size, reservations are not a bad idea.  We were able to be seated within about 10 minutes for sushi, but especially if you want a hibachi table, there might be a wait.  My group ordered a variety of rolls, ranging from around $4-8 each.  I ordered the spicy tempura roll, and my inner-wannabe-sushi-eater was pleased.  Super tasty and simple enough to understand as a sushi novice.  Beyond that, the environment was fun and definitely busy, which reflects good quality food. Service was so-so -- our waiter was friendly, but we definitely had empty drink glasses for long periods of time; now that I think of it, I never did get the water refill I requested -- which can be uncomfortable when you accidentally eat way more wasabi than intended.  All in all, A-OK and worth checking out on future visits.
3	First, Takara is definitely worth a second visit, but the sushi just wasn't incredible. I mean they do have some cool plates, but the rolls weren't as clean tasting as I would have liked them to be.If you are looking for good sushi in Madison, I hope that this isn't the best it has to offer but it very well may be. If that is the case you should stick to the standard tuna and salmon first and venture off of those with a critical eye. The unagi just doesn't seem right also, but it is decent.
4	You know, all these hibaci places are the same.  It always surprises me that they can't at least think of a few new tricks.  But we haven't been to hibicai in years, and it was really fun to watch how much our now-4 year-old enjoyed the show. Definitely add in the fried rice to your meal...yum!
5	Absolutely, the best Sushi in Madison.  No pretense, just excellent, very fresh fish.  Comparable to the West coast.
4	I came here for my birthday. I chose this spot because they have sushi boats. Overall great environment, decent sushi, good service, and fair prices.
2	The place is mainly eh. The sashimi tastes like its B quality from the supermarket. Go to Red or Unami instead.
1	I don't have very high standards when it comes to Asian food, but Takara's price and quality just don't match...For a $15 Sukiyaki, I got a bowl of overly sweet chunky beef pieces and some vegetables that shouldn't belong to this dish.My friend ordered a chicken teriyaki for $14 and it was some hard-boiled tasteless chicken strips with raw bean sprouts on the side -- this strange adaptation from Vietnamese-Laotian cuisine just doesn't work. For the amount they charge, one is better off with nearby restaurants such as Fugu or Wasabi.
4	I love visiting this sushi bar when I'm in the Madison area. The staff is really nice, the sushi chefs are friendly and funny, and the food is delicious. Try the Badger roll - you won't be disappointed! :D
1	We just tried to eat at takara. I say try because we walked out after waiting 80 minutes for our food. Horrible service.
1	The food was ok but it was the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. The waitress kept rushing us and bringing us our bill. When we ordered something else she got upset with us and left in a tiff. Their red bean ice cream is also only strawberry ice cream with red bean chunks. When we asked about it they lied and said red bean ice cream "has a strawberry taste to it".
2	We walked in without a reservation as it a spur of the moment "I don't want to be in the house" night.  After a couple of minutes a waiter was flagged down and seated us.  There was a sorority group, prom group and a massive table for a bachelorrette party seated and loud; oh well-no biggie; live it up and have fun.I order a glass of Plum wine, an appetizer of shumai and the Teriyaki Duo (chicken and shrimp); they ordered a glass of chardonnay & the spicy spider roll.It took 15-20 minutes to get napkins and I was 3/4 of the way done with my meal before they got their food.  I got a box and while eating his last piece of spider roll I glanced up and saw something golden.  Let me tell you mi gente, all that glitters is not gold...  I reached over across the table and pulled.  A golden blonde HAIR was in the past piece of Spider Roll.  NOT OKAY.  Everything runs through your mind, what else did they eat?  None of the staff (that was seen) had any other color of hair except BLACK...  Freaky.  I immediately felt sick and flagged down our waitress, Mia. I handed her the hair and said, "this was in his roll..."She apologized a total of three (3) times but didn't offer or ask a manager to offer anything.  The bill came to $44.25 and she was still tipped 20% but I won't be returning.  I'll stick to my regular place.
4	The sushi here is great! It's fresh and compared to the other sushi restaurant on State St they actually make it correctly and worth the money it is on the menu.The wait are friendly but they seem generally disinterested. Of course they also sat me at the sushi bar were they pick up the sushi orders and I kept having to lean out of the way for them to get food. Also, of the three people on staff for the wait staff were taking turns sitting in the far corner rolling utensils while the third answered the phones and generally ignored the patrons in the restaurant. However, I do appreciate the not overly attentive staff compared to some other sushi restaurants I've been to. Overall I think I'll be going here more often to see if it's any different the second time, but I wasn't overly impress with my first visit.
4	My wife and I went here tonight after previously going to Takara's other location on the west side of town. Both times, I have walked away pretty impressed with the sushi there.Full disclosure: I am by NO means a sushi connoisseur, or even someone who knows much about sushi. When we go out for sushi, my wife usually just orders a variety of rolls and I sample everything.However, I have eaten at a handful of different sushi joints, and Takara has consistently been one of the better ones I've sampled. The service was blisteringly quick, the drinks were pretty good, and the sushi was excellent. We will definitely be back!
3	I really should give up on sushi in Madison. I really miss the interesting things people came up with for GOOD vegetarian rolls. Takara only offered the very basic rolls (vegetable tempura, avocado, kampyo, nato, cucumber) and my whole meal was just boring.And stale.Derek ordered the Fancy Salmon roll and I ordered the vegetable tempura. It seems like a sushi roll that has been deep fried in tempura batter couldn't mess up, but both of ours were stale. I bit into mine and could barely chomp through. HOW ROMANTIC. We just went there last night and I don't remember anything else we got.Our waiter and waitress were pretty awkward and shy, and obviously not interested in us at all. No smiles, all business. I did see them smile when the 4 girls there to begin their friend's 21st birthday party got crazy during the Happy Birthday song. They actually were the only thing making me smile (besides my fiance across from me) because they did seem so happy to be sake bombing.  It made me want to re-celebrate my 21st birthday!So, yeah, I wouldn't bother again. I think if we want sushi here, we'll go to Wasabi next time.
3	Went for hibatchi and had reservations. They couldn't decide where to seat us and moved us twice. They wanted to put us with a group that started awhile before us and we didn't want to be rushed. Overall the food was very good but I would recommend Takumi in East Towne over this place.
2	Very small selection of rolls, very I competent staff. I wanted a roll with salmon inside and outside and they offered me Philadelphia. But rolls were ok, seems like a typical Chinese all you can eat sushi place.
4	I can always count on Takara to deliver good, quick, and affordable sushi!We ordered a spicy tuna roll, a california roll, and the calamari appetizer. My husband and I both agreed that we should have skipped the calamari and got another roll. Our friends got spicy salmon & a rainbow roll & they loved their selections as well.Surprisingly good: the old fashioned. My husband ordered it as a bit of a joke (not expecting a great old fashioned at a Japanese restaurant), but he was happy with it. We've definitely had worse!
3	Three and a half--Perfectly good sushi and rolls for a reasonable price.  My faves are the spicy tuna and eel and avocado rolls.  Takara is a frequent lunch destination for me and buddies from work--we prefer the State Street location because it seems to be a bit quieter than the one on Whitney Way.
2	I love sushi and tar tar, so raw is not a problem.  The delivery from this place took and hour, which could be improved, but not my primary concern.  The three rolls that I had with crunch, were a bit soggy and certainly not crunchy.  More importantly the philly roll I ordered was horrible.  It was inedible.  The salmon was so tough it felt more like I was chewing on a carrot and my gag reflexes started to kick in.  I would advise against ordering here if you enjoy well made fresh sushi.
5	This is my favorite and the best Japanese restaurant in Madison. My suggestions are: rainbow roll and king eel roll (eel wrapped with cucumber which is really amazing).sukiyaki (beef+tofu+veges+glass noodle soup) if u want to try tasty good portion of noodle soup.
2	Maybe the experience would have been different if I dined in, but I won't waste my money to experiment.    I ordered the teriyaki chicken which came in a soup of oil, the salad was iceberg lettuce (yum) and the vegetables were obviously from a frozen medley bag bought at the grocery store.   The spider roll was sloppy.  The only thing that was DECENT was the miso soup, but that's kind of hard to mess up if you think about it.   I really don't get the other ratings, but maybe it failed on its way here.
3	Was it the best sushi I've ever had? No. Will I be back anyways? Yes. Came here with a friend last night (Thursday) after failing to get a table at Red. The ambiance is what you'd expect at a reasonably priced Japanese restaurant. A little tacky but it works. Our service was fine and pretty quick. A little less than half of the restaurant was full so that was probably part of the reason. Their house wine was not very good. I know I should expect that when paying $4 for a glass of wine, but I've had better for the same price. However our rolls were delicious. Between the two of us we had the spicy tuna roll, shogun roll and salmon and avocado roll. Everything was fresh and tasted very good. We finished it all within about 15 minutes!I noticed they also do hibachi, I'll be anxious to try that next time I'm in.Overall, a fine place to go for some reasonably priced sushi and/or Japanese food. I will be back!
1	Fake fish for California roll and ordered the bento box. Food tasteless, boring and tasted canned.  Would not recommend or revisit!
1	Delivery took an hour and 40 minutes tonight.  I guess that's what happens when you include tip on the front end.
1	Horrible delivery service. Waited almost 2.5 hours for my order. Called the restaurant twice and received very poor customer service and was made to feel that it was my fault I had placed an online order. When my food finally arrived, not surprisingly, it was cold and by that point (even though I was starving) I didn't even want it. The contents seemed to have gone through quite the turbulent ride while getting to me...as if dropped or something. If that weren't enough, the delivery driver basically threw the bag at me, without a word, and scurried off with his tail between is legs. Oh, and the food, at best, was mediocre. All in all, don't order delivery.
4	I am giving this restaurant 4 stars rather than 5 solely because I have never actually stepped foot inside the building - I have just ordered sushi from them on the regular for about 3 months now! Their delivery is fast, their sushi is well made and fresh.  You can get fancy rolls and they are good, but the stand bys (salmon chirashi! yuuuuum) are great and fresh.  Also it is really easy to order online for delivery.  As a true sushi fan who would eat sushi everyday if I could,  I appreciate these things!
3	This place gets 3 stars for having so-so entrees and sushi that is pricier than more up-scale sushi restaurants downtown.
5	Good sushi with a reasonable price. Takara is extremely generous with their food and their staff are always very friendly.
2	Appetizers were good and at a fair price. Those of us that had hibachi for dinner found that the quality was fine but it was way overpriced!For a starter of dumplings and a main dish of chicken and shrimp hibachi, my tab was $40. I might return to this place if it was half that price.
3	Sushi here was really good, go for the crunchy shrimp. The Katsu Don was average, not anything special. Restaurant is owned chinese people, not authentic Japanese.
3	The sushi was good. The service was okay. The udon was okay. The server was nice but spilled my miso soup. 3 stars
1	I took my girlfriend here for lunch and I found hair in my salad and our sushi was bland.. we got five different rolls to split and none of them had very much flavor... even the two spicy rolls we got weren't spicy at all.. It was really disappointing.. It wasn't worth paying 40 dollars for, I've had better sushi from the grocery store
4	When in the Madison area, one can never go wrong dining at Takara. It is hard to find decent sushi restaurants in the state of WI yet Takara is truly an exception. The fish and sushi preparation has shown consistent quality and preparation the 4+ years I have been frequenting. The appetizers are all delicious and appealing , the sushi is fresh and rolled tight, and the fried rice is perfectly prepared with vegetables meat of choice and that delicious hibachi smokey flavor. Whether I order as take out or dine in the quality is always consistent. The only complaint is that the service is very slow, even if you are one of two tables in the restaurant, in which case you will have to politely remind the server to remember your drinks etc. When I do dine at Takara I always order from their online menu ( I use my smart phone to look it up ) as the variety of rolls is greater than the printed menus.
2	Went there with some friends who had the hibachi which looked okay. I just had sashimi which was very underwhelming. Have had much better elsewhere.
3	I've eaten here for lunch before and the service was reasonable. For some reason, arriving close to 6pm on a Friday night yielded really subpar service - and the food took over 40 minutes to arrive.   The salmon bento box was nicely grilled.  Shumai dumplings that go with the bento could be much improved.  The tempura was nicely done.
3	Ordered some rolls to go for lunch. Per my online order receipt, I ordered tekka and sake, but ended up a sake and alaskan roll instead. Didn't notice it until I was already back at the office. I'm not a fan of wasabi being in a regular sake roll, either. Even if it is more "authentic," I'd rather it be an option on the side. Overall, wasn't terrible sushi, but the cheaper, more "express" places around campus seem to offer the same taste/quality, so I'll probably choose them for a quick sushi fix in the future.
1	I've been talking to some of your neighbors long before the news and protests hit. To be honest, last time I ate there it was not good, so the plight of the workers must be coming out in your food.http://badgerherald.com/news/2014/04/28/takara-faces-criticism-allegedly-underpaying-workers-km/#.U2O5pfldWSo
4	Went to Takara on a Wednesday night. I was part of a group of four and we had reservations for the hibachi grill. We all ordered cocktails which took a while to arrive, can't quite remember the name of the one we all ordered. It was a fruity cocktail with pineapple and coconut flavors in it. Sweet, but still a fun drink. Appetizers came out promptly, before our drinks. As soon as the hibachi chef came out, that's when the party started. His name was Tio and he is such a crowd-pleaser. He would say silly jokes, and his agility with the grill and food was evident. I ordered the steak and shrimp hibachi. Tio made the fried rice ($2.95 up charge), he grilled the vegetables, and gave us dipping sauces. He then grilled our meat and sea food. My entree dinner was about $20. Not bad for the amount of food I ate. The experience is for sure a fun one, and I would love to go again with a group of people. The hibachi grill is more of a fun social experience and great for larger groups.
3	Went for lunch and had the Sushi Lunch where you get four rolls, chef's choice and those blasted California rolls. Overall, incredibly average. I've had better, I've had worse. The chef's sushi selection was decent for the usual suspects, tuna, salmon, mackerel sort of thing. As in, he didn't go out of his way to thrill me. The rice was okay. Consistency was off, little mushy as if it had been formed for 30 seconds too long. Otherwise, I had a pretty good lunch for a very reasonable price. The sushi isn't good enough to eat alone , so bring some good company along and you won't notice.
3	Vegetable tempura was enjoyable, and the rolls that came with vegetable sushi entree that contained fried vegetables were very tasty. Otherwise, I thought the food was just ok. I ordered a salad and it was dressing with a little bit of lettuce. Good service and it was fun to watch the sushi chefs perform their art.
3	We stopped by as a party of 6 for a birthday dinner. The experience was interesting and sub-par. The Food - Out of everything the food was probably the only thing that went right. Salmon was fresh, avocado was fresh, fish to rice ratio was good. Although there weren't too many signature rolls to chose from. Rolls had different names, but everything was pretty much the same, nothing special. Rolls orderedRainbow Roll - Average Salmon Avocado - Generous with their salmon, avocado was freshHouse Special Roll (forgot the name) - Wrapped in white seaweed, first time trying that. The roll had 3 types of fish on the inside hamachi, salmon, and tuna. Interesting roll, tasted great. Pricing - Average pricing 8-13 per roll, again just wish they had more rolls to chose from. Service - Service was interesting, our first waiter was clueless about our menu. Our second waiter forgot about a cup of tea we ordered with our entrees and appetizers. Along with that he even forgot about an order of appetizers. When the bill came we asked for split bills, that came back immediately. But then we were left in the corner we sat in, no one ever came to take our bills. After 10 minutes of attempting to get the attention of our server we just decided to go up to the cashier and pay ourselves. The cashier took about 10 minutes to finalize 5 bills. In total, we waited 20 minutes to pay and leave; horrible service. In all Service was horrible.Sushi was fresh. Reasonable pricing. Not enough variety of rollsProbably won't be back again.
3	We had reservations for a party of 8. Seated quickly but then we were completely forgotten about. Some tables around us left because they were not attended to. We had to flag someone twice for water and drink orders. When we received out drinks, the beer was warm and we were giving ice water to make the beers cold, then 2 minutes before we paid they bill they brought us 1 cold beer.. Food was decent, service wasn't so much.
1	It's by no means a Japanese restaurant. The only thing I think real is the instant miso soup. Don't ever order Sukiyaki Udon! I am so disappointed by it.
3	This place was good, and I enjoyed my meal here. I had the edamame, ginger salad, and a sushi combo of spicy salmon, spicy tuna, and spicy california rolls. The rolls were pretty good; I like to dip my sushi into more spicy mayo, and I think I'd come back for this combo again. It wasn't anything spectacular or special that I would die to try again, but I enjoyed it. The salad was just a little off to me. The greens were drowned in a thick garlic sauce, and I saw myself digging to find lettuce that wasn't covered in it. I did not enjoy the salad, so I think I'll ask for the soup next time.The restaurant looked pretty small, but the environment was cute and cozy. I liked hearing the chefs in the background cooking. Overall, I can see myself enjoying this place with a large group of people if we sat in the back with the flat stove top.
4	This place was super tasty! I'm originally from California, so it's hard to find good sushi in Wisconsin. Found this place on Yelp when I had a sushi craving, and I was not disappointed! Dropped by around dinner time on a Saturday and was served quite quickly. We ordered the fried calamari for an appetizer (was so-so), but the real treat was the sushi boat I ordered. I wasn't a fan of much of the rolls on the original Sushi "Love" Boat on the menu, so I asked if I can order a bunch of rolls and hand rolls I like and put it on a sushi boat. They did it. A+ service. Would recommend. Would return.
