5	Looking for something fun to do with the whole family or a group of friends?  Do you enjoy a challenge?  Every fall, Rural Hill Farm offers the "Amazing Maize Maze," a challenging corn maze where you collect clues to find your way out!  We went last year for the first time and are going again this year.  Last year, there was a drought in NC so their corn maze was only about waist high in some spots.  We thought it would be easy and a good "starter."  Um...no.  We soon discovered that even if you can see where you need to get to...you still don't know how to get there.  It was quite challenging, we were there for a few hours, got lost, but finally found all the clues, worked out the puzzle, and found our way out of the maze.  With more normal rain levels, this year promises to be even more challenging...and we're ready for it!  (I think)Oh...and they have a pumpkin patch and hayrides.  If we find our way out this year, maybe we'll give 'em a try!  And for those of you who REALLY like a challenge, try the farm's Flashlight Maze at night.  And let me know how it was by the time you come out around February!
5	We challenged ourselves again this year to the Amazing Maize Maze.  Being that this was our 2nd year, we understood the concept a bit better and were able to more easily find all the clues and the pieces to the corn maze map.  (It "only" took us 2.25 hours instead of 3.)  However, once we had all 12 pieces of the map, we ran into our most difficult challenge:  following the map to find the one single way out of the corn maze!   UGH.  We were about 50 feet from the exit when we found our final piece of the puzzle, but "you can't get there from here!"  We ended up walking another couple miles through the ENTIRE corn maze again just to get out.  It's a great challenge--both for the mind and the feet!
2	My boyfriend and I were excited to try out the amazing maize maze on a sunday afternoon. We were disappointed. It costs $10.00 per person and for the price, didn't really impress us. There are loud speakers all over the maze and the person on the other end of the speaker was loud and distracting. Sprinkled between the woman's loud voice on the speakers was the same country song playing over and over again. It took us 55 minutes to get through the maze and by the end, we both had headaches from the loud speaker noise. Not worth the money :/
5	I have taken 2 teams from work for team building exercise to the Maze. The staff accommodated our large groups and gave us a fun orientation for the maze. There were several ways to complete the maze. We decided on completing the map, find all 12 pieces. Luckily, everyone made it out of the field before dusk. When each team finished they were able to announce their victory over the speaker system. They did play some old songs over the speakers, but your having to much fun in the maze to care.
5	A couple of us went to the Amazing Maize this past weekend (the weekend it opens for the year.) The maze is open rain or shine, and it happened to be sprinkling this day...The staff was amazing and very helpful. The water stops are evenly and well placed, and while you don't get a prize for finishing it you do feel that your brain and legs received a workout.To whoever is complaining about $10, the maze normally takes 1-3 hours depending on your skills. From the the staff on site and all the work that goes into creating the maze, I do feel that it is worth it and worth the price per time.Music = they have speakers playing country and oldies. It wasn't too loud for us, and kept us company as we were lost all of the place!I recommend it to all! Maybe not for kids  under 7 or so, unless they don't mind walking.
5	This is a great way to spend a few hours (or 45 minutes, in my case. Strong am I with the force ;) with friends or a significant other. I've been to the Amazing Maize Maze a few times and gotta say that it is really fun! Plus I am a sucker for clever puns.Come prepared for the weather, as it takes some people 2-3 hours to get out of the maze. A light snack may not be that bad either. Water is provided throughout. Surprisingly, there is more to the maze than just the maze. Of course your goal is to get out, but also to find 12 stations containing pieces of a map AND also reading "kernels of knowledge" (get it) listed on boards throughout the maze, which help you solve a cross-word puzzle. This flexibility allows many ways to enjoy the maze and to make it more challenging. Or you can pound through and just try to find the exit.There are helpers in the maze to give hints, and also at the bridge and tower. You also get a tall flag to use for help if need be, but you can opt out.   Totally do it!
5	This is an amazing way to spend a fall afternoon. You will get your daily dose of exercise and more. My preteen daughter who normally only likes to brood in her room even enjoyed it. Great thing to do with your middle school aged kids. There were quite a few people there toting toddler age kids around on their backs. I thought they must have been crazy. Last place I would want to be is stuck in a maze with a cranky 2 year old. It took us 1 hour and 15 minutes to get out and we promptly rewarded ourselves with some fried oreos from the food tent outside the maze. There are other things to do such as a hayride and corn hole. Plus they have soccer goals set up. Will be returning next year!
4	This was my first visit to The Amazing Maize Maze located in Rural Hill. Corn stalks everywhere. There is an orientation where someone goes over the map of the maze, information about estimated time frame going through the maze. There are 12 mailboxes in the maze. Good luck with finding the mailboxes. What a workout!!! Watch out for the dead end trails. Every group gets a flag for their team. This is so much fun for the whole family. See kids figure out the maze, get clues to crossword puzzle, and get funnel cakes to munch on. Great way to spend the day/afternoon with the family.
5	Went here on Saturday with the family and this is the second year in a row we have been because we love it so much!The corn maze is not some walk in the park maze.....be prepared to spend atleast an hour in there (or even more if you are trying to get all the pieces of the map). They give you a blank map to the corn maze and then you have to find the 12 hidden mail boxes that contain pieces of the map. Each year, the maze has a theme....this year was barnyard and last year was politics. Head on over to their website cause I think it is really interesting learning how they even create this 3 miles of maze out there! There are bunch of other activities out there too: toys for kids, hay rides, food, corn hole, etc. Great place to spend a few hours one afternoon. They also have nighttime mazes where you do it with a flashlight.PS- I have never actually done this with kids. Last year I went with my brother and another couple (all adults) and this year I went with my husband and my parents. So, don't think this is some kid place that only kids can enjoy! We saw equal number of groups with kids and groups without kids!
4	Wow! Talk about true to it's name - this place lives up to it!! Amazing. Maize. Maze.It's located out in the middle of nowhere - but thats where you're suppose to get lost right?!?The maze is huge!! They show you an overall map at the beginning and then give you a blank one with numbered squares. You have to go throughout the maze and find the numbered mailboxes, which inside, a square piece of the map that you are trying to put together to find your way out. You get a huge flag to carry through with you, so if you need help the staff can locate you quickly.  It's fun for about an hour - then you become crazed and really just want to get out. The end was pretty challenging and it took us about an hour & a half to complete it - we did get all the numbered map squares/pieces. *Best tip about this place: Follow the water marks.... (They have jugs of water in the maze for when people get thirsty - they place them at specific locations where there are maze helpers who can answer questions and assist you in finding your way. Follow the water marks on the ground to wear they carried the coolers to and you'll find help)
5	The GF and I have done this for the last 2 years and love it.  We've gone for the night maze both times and had a blast.  It is NOT an easy thing to get through, so be prepared to be patient.  You will go through the same area multiple times completely by accident, but you'll eventually figure it out.  This is definitely something that will continue being an annual tradition for us.  Nothing better than getting lost in a cornfield for an hour or 2 on a crisp autumn night.
4	I attended the evening flashlight maze on Saturday evening. Bring your own flash light. It was a ton of fun and the maze really lives up to it's name. This year's maze was made into a baseball theme. The orientation is crucial for tips and hints on getting through the maze. The staff is also helpful during your trek through the maze. Don't be afraid to ask others for help. They also had a variety of fair food (funnel cakes, fried oreos, corn dogs etc) available for purchase. I highly recommend for a night of fall fun!
5	Took the family here after seeing a review on yelp. I am so glad I did. We had an excellent time. It took us longer than expected to get there because of a detour on Neck Road but we all enjoyed driving thru the winding roads while observing the beautiful colors of fall. When we arrived everything was well organized. They had people there to flag drivers to parking spots. The people leaving were happily joking and laughing so we knew we were in for a treat. There were quite a few people taking pictures, buying pumpkins, and eating at the picnic tables yet there was no long line to wait in to purchase tickets. Once we had our tickets in hand we were treated to a humorous and very informative orientation. One of the gentleman that helped design the maze gave us some great tips on how to navigate our way through before nightfall.  Yeah...we probably should have paid more attention and taken notes.We started the maze and were excited from beginning to end. There were several groups aimlessly walking about and we all traded info to help each other to the end. This was a very nice family outing. It took us about two hours to find our way to the end. The wife and I racked up lots of steps on the fitbits and the kids slept well that night. We plan to make this a yearly thing for us.
