5	Wait, there's a really hip salon in an awesome downtown location where I can bring my husband and son to get a shave & a haircut by an actual barber while I get a mani/pedi & my eyebrows done? SOLD! Seriously though, the service and expertise is top notch. Being able to bring the boys along for spa day is icing on the cake.
5	I have been going to D'Lisa for years for her waxing services and have never been disappointed.  I went to her new salon today and was very impressed.  D'Lisa did a wonderful job as always putting me at ease with her natural conversation and pleasant demeanor.  The atmosphere of the salon is hip and inviting.  It is worth the drive from N Scottsdale to her new location for a weekend appointment.
5	I was there on Saturday and owner D'Lisa waxed my eyebrows, and Sabrina gave me a mani-pedi.  The service there was awesome.  I am in love with the gel/foil nails, and the pedicure was great.  Everyone was so friendly and stopped by to say hi or to see how my nails were coming along.  There were so many colors and foil designs to choose from.  I made a hair appointment with Sabrina for later in the week as well.  D'Lisa's waxing was so quick and painless.  I was really pleased with my whole experience and can't wait to go back!
5	I have to say I love this place!  Everyone is so nice here!  I recently came in to see Sabrina to have my hair done.  Let me just say it was a hot mess of a head!  LOL  She was able to even the blonde in my hair, give me a cute haircut that is easy to do and I can't thank you enough!I also had my brows and my first brazilian done by Brooke.  I was a little nervous about it but she made me feel completely at ease and I love the results and will be back again!  D'Lisa you have done an amazing job and have one amazing salon!
5	Loving Salon D'Shayn! The salon is hip and trendy and I was welcomed with smiles and offers of tea/coffee etc. I had a cut and style today with Vanessa and I couldn't be more pleased.  My scalp massage was to die for and although I have very long hair Vanessa was able to give me a fresh new look without taking away my length. In addition she shared valuable ideas and tips for at home maintenance. If you live downtown and have been searching for a great stylist, Vanessa is your girl!
5	I had my very first facial today.  D'Lisa was AMAZING!  You can tell she really loves what she does. She explained what each step was. I felt very pampered. Looks like a facial is going to become part of my 'lady maintenance'. Thanks for a great job!  I'll definitely be back to see you!
5	Congratulations to D'Lisa and the staff at Salon D'Shayn!The new location is gorgeous and hip and the service is top notch. I had the pleasure of getting gel nails done by Vanessa yesterday and I was ecstatic with the way my accent foils turned out. Ladies if you haven't tried the new foil nails yet you are missing out, they are so cool!  I am so happy to see another local business flourishing in the old My Florist location. D'Lisa is a master waxer and it is awesome to see her bringing her talents and crew to downtown Phoenix. The salon is full service (including a barber for the fellows) and you get a discount on your first visit. Look no further for your grooming needs.My only regret was that I was pressed for time and did not have a chance top  to stop in to Botique Solie to get my fashion fix. I may have to stop in today to scoop up the cute top I saw in the window.
5	First time at D'Lisa's new salon and I must say I was impressed with both the building and service. Simple yet effective decorating, a friendly face when I walk in the door that always asks if I want something to drink. As a man walking into a 'salon' it is almost intimidating. Unfamiliar smells, and women are at their most vulnerable, sporting aluminum foil in their hair pecking away at smart phones like it's there jobs. It is almost like there is no boys aloud type of feeling. I did not get that vibe at D'Lisa's salon. The atmosphere is fresh, and artsy yes still comfortable. There is always refreshments, and I just got one of the better hair cuts of my life! Vanessa took the time to listen to me gripe about the government, crappy food, valentines day and still managed to get me looking fresh. These kinds of services are not what I call 'cheap.' So when I spend my money, I want to be happy. And that is exactly what I am after my haircut today. Happy. Thanks guys!
5	I love Salon D'Shayn. I have been going to the Old Town location for years as a waxing client of D'Lisa. I will never go anywhere else for a wax because D'Lisa is the best so I continued to drive to Scottsdale. Now that the Phoenix location is open I am going to see her there and I LOVE it! The place is beautiful and to top it off, I can now get my nails done there as well. They have the best selection of gellish colors and foils. Dawnisha is an awesome nail tech. Vanessa is an amazing stylist and if you are a man, check out Brit the Barber!  They have an amazing team at Salon D'Shayn Phoenix!
4	What a great local salon! I needed to get my daughter in to get her heir trimmed and layered. Being a daddy, I have no idea what the hell I'm doing! Nonetheless, the stylist did a great job asking me what I was aiming for and doing the work. They also offer a 25% discount for first time clients, score! All in all a great trip to an awesome little local salon!
5	This place was amazing :) I bought a groupon here for a Brazilian wax and I would the say the service was above and beyond. The owner did the waxing for me (my first time too) and she talked me through the entire thing. I did not even hurt as much as I thought. What a great owner to go out their way to make their customers feel comfortable. I also got my eyebrow wax for 50% because I used a groupon and she made it great :D Thanks so much for the awesome service
5	Such a unique hip salon with a wonderful staff!!Amazing Atmosphere and all around and incredible talent! Karla Mora I highly recommend!!!
5	I would give this 100 stars if I could! I went in for a wax with D'Lisa and she is amazing. THIS is what a wax should be. Super quick. As painless as a wax could be. She offers 50% off your first visit but even at full price, it's well worth her expertise. I will be back!
5	Vanessa is excellent! She is talented and works hard to find styles that suite her clients. She is great with textue and excels and giving very trendy doos! She is a great find and I highly recommend her!
5	I had an appointment today and I have to say I especially enjoyed my time there. I know thats a really weird thing to say since I had a waxing service but Brooke was great! I felt very comfortable with her just as if I'd known her for along time. I highly recommend her and this salon.
5	FABULOUS!!! I had an amazing first time wax experience! I was pretty nervous about doing a Brazilian, but D'Lisa is freaking awesome!! Not awkward, she explains as she goes. Definitely did not hurt as much as I expected! I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for this service!I look forward to future waxes and other services.The salon itself is smaller, nicely decorated, and very clean! The parking is in the back and could be tricky because it's a bit limited, but I had no trouble.
3	I received a Groupon SMS about 50+% off a spa mani pedi yesterday! I called the phone number about 6 times so I could schedule my appointment and there was no answer nor answering machine.  The salon is on my way home so I popped in.  It was about 11AM and there were 4 people there, one at the front desk, one under a dryer and two eating at what I thought was a bar of sorts in the back which turned out to be the mani station.  I inquired about availability at the front desk and was told I could've called, which I said I did.  Through a quick, deductive process we discovered that the number on the Groupon was inaccurate.  I met the owner, D'Lisa, and, since no one was there for services, I asked about a special that was advertised on a chalk board as well as any special services available.  D'Lisa is the esthetician there so she gave me a lot of info about her specialty and I was very impressed.  She was extremely knowledgeable about the products she uses and how they may affect my pregnancy.  I knew these things about certain herbs and chemicals since I am really cognizant of what products could affect my baby, but I hadn't met a service professional who was equally as knowledgeable; so, I felt like I was in great hands.  I asked if I could get squeezed in for a lip and brow wax, especially since it was going to be 50% off for my first visit.  She was in the middle of letting her color sit so she said as long as I didn't mind her hair setting, she could get me in real quick.  Perfect!  The wax was a honey wax, so I learned, and it didn't hurt at all nor did plucking.  I was very pleased.  After working with the guy helping at the front desk (who seemed a bit unhappy this day), I was able to find a time for both my husband and I to get mani pedis the next day (which is today.)  Later in the evening, I noticed my forehead was super-irritated, red and bumpy so that was a bummer.  I highly doubt this was from the skills of D'Lisa but just due to my hormone-rampant skin.So I went back today for my Groupon deal sans hubbie who opted out of a fabulous nail and toe day. I arrived at 2PM and it wasn't busy.  I was greeted by the same guy from yesterday who was in a much better mood today and very amicable.  My manicurist was prepping her station and I asked if the tea that was out was iced.  I was told it wasn't but that ice could be added.  However, no one served me...I just got it myself.  The girl was ready for me so she began and we sat in silence which was really awkward.  Again, in the back, but this time at the pedi stations, there were two employees eating. The juxtaposition of food smells with nail smells wasn't the best on my (impregnated) olfactory senses.  Silence, I asked a question, silence, I asked a question, is how the first half hour of my mani transpired. I just figured I would overload this quiet (or mean? Yet TBD) gal with questions (like, where did you work before this salon?) or personal BS (like, I just bought a cow pattern baby onesie & I am so excited about it) to make the experience more enjoyable, or at least tolerable. I began to think to myself, is everyone here but the owner and the girls eating always in a bad mood or just quiet? If you are in the right mood, the salon professional-to-client comaraderie is part of the luxury of going to the salon.  As the mani went on she opened up and we had nice conversation.  I wanted to add gel to my nail service and a mask to my toes which I wasn't able to do due to time.  I do wish at the time I booked my appointment I was asked if any additional or special services were desired so that I could've booked more time.  My nails look pretty good, and my toes look awesome!  I did find it odd that I kept having to refill my tea myself being that I was there for 2.5 hours.  After tip my grand total was $15 plus the $20 Groupon so I feel the services were worth the money.  I am not sure I would pay the standard full price for the services though.  The mani and pedi stations, albeit aesthetically impressive, were so uncomfortable.  The pillows for your back get wedged in between the seat and the seat support, the "spa" was actually just a small tub of warm water (no bubbling), and the seat was actually a bench where three people could sit at a time.   One phenomenal aspect of this salon is the art and decor.  During my Mani Inquisition, I found out the owner is a huge supporter of local art.  All throughout the salon there are pieces for sale.  The overall decor of the place is awesome as well and very Roosevelt Row-inspired. I also was super happy with the selection of snacks available (oink, oink)!
4	I went to this salon twice in the past two days (craziness, I know). I went yesterday for a mani pedi with the Groupon deal and today for waxing. The salon is very cute and modern, with local art hanging on the walls....very inviting. Let me start with the waxing *this part should be skipped by family members* I was waxed by D'Lisa who is the owner of the salon and she was really great. She was personable and really knew what she was doing. We chatted about different topics and she kept my mind off of the waxing, which could have been very awkward (but wasn't). She did the whole job in less than 20 minutes, I was thoroughly impressed. Also, the waxing room feels a little more comfortable than others I have been in....it was still clean without having that doctor's office feel, so I like that. *Ok family members, you can come back now* So yesterday I came in for a mani pedi and I will say there were some high and low points. High Points: the job is nice and hasn't chipped yet, the color selection was good, and the nail tech was fairly personable.Low points: The nail tech ran about 20 minutes late for my appointment (now, I understand that they have been really busy due to the Groupon, but that is a significant amount of lateness), everyone in the salon that day was complaining about the Groupon (again, I understand that there were issues with Groupon, but as a customer coming in with a Groupon it made me feel a little awkward...also, the owner wasn't in yesterday, so the stylists and techs may have felt more comfortable complaining to each other...I thought it was a little unprofessional), my nail tech happened to complain to me about other customers or otherwise talk about other customers after they had left (again, somewhat unprofessional...makes the customer think, what will she say about me when I leave?), and, finally, the pedicure stations aren't what I expect when I go in for a pedicure.... it is a long bench up on a platform with large removable bowls on the platform. This looks cool, but functionally isn't awesome. The tech filled the bowl with warm water from the hair washing station, but due to the length of time a pedicure takes, the water got cold quickly and was no longer comfortable. Also, the bowl was just a regular bowl, not like most mani/pedi places that have massaging pedicure chairs/bowls. Then, to complete the services, the client puts their feet on the half lid to the bowl that is a little too short for the nail tech to do all of the service, so she had to have my foot on her leg at times.....it just seems like an awkward set up for everyone involved. I know D'Lisa told me she reads these reviews and takes them seriously, so I would suggest thinking about the set up for pedicures to try to make it more functional. Anyway, I would consider coming back here for a manicure and I would definitely come here for waxing, but I probably wouldn't return for a pedicure.
5	The service was amazing and the staff were attentive. They all made sure I was comfortable. Which is not an easy task for me when meeting a new stylist/salon. I was shocked to find someone who listened to what I wanted and made it happen. Karla was so wonderful and I couldn't be happier with the results. I finally found my new "home" salon after many years searching. Thank you, Salon D' Shayn.
5	I've already raved about the Scottsdale location but feel the need to tip my hat at D'Lisa for another successful venture.  I used to complain about driving all the way to Old Town for my personal grooming needs so she listened and opened a Phoenix location! Anyone who knows me knows I am a cheap SOB so I tend to do my own nails and eyebrows (for a few years I even cut my own hair!) but now I have no excuse to not head over to this incredible local business.  I read that funky nails are all the rage these days and the few times I've rocked them I got crazy compliments.  And who doesn't love compliments?!D, as always, I love the work you do and the passion you have for improving the world around you. Nobody puts more effort in to their career than you and it shows. Congratulations and thanks for everything!
1	Had a groupon for a mani/pedi, called to  booked an appointment. Get to the salon and we're not greeted. I had to tell the lady sitting an a couch looking at her laptop why I was there. I'm told to pick a polish and then I'm finally greeted by the "nail tech" he didn't know I was there for a mani AND pedi. He didn't seem to like the fact that I was there for both. I told him I wanted a french on my toes, he stated that he didn't know how to do that. Then he states that he's not a nail tech, he's doing this as a favor since the the actual nail tech called in. I should've left right then and there.  I tell him I want my nails even out and squared. He starts cutting my nails all off.I look at my hand when he's done a, every single nail was uneven and butched.I was not going to let him touch my other hand and even think about getting near me with the cuticle cutter. I told him I didn't want to continue with the services. He seemed pleased with that and went and sat on the couch immediately. I tell the women up front how unhappy I was and showed her my awful, uneven and butchered right hand.I asked her why they would let him do any ones nails when he's not a nail tech and why weren't we informed WHEN WE CALLED TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT that all the ACTUAL NAIL TECHS were booked or not in. She replied that he does in fact do nails (lie). I told her that he willingly  admitted to me he didn't. She replied, we'll he does nails sometimes. Overall, very unprofessional experience from everyone at the salon. Will never return and will never recommend this place to anyone.
5	Vanessa cut my hair again for the second time.  Love it, love her and love the place.
4	for your waxing needs... request for cassandra- she is amazing! painless, quick, and thorough.
5	I'm a big fan! I first tried Salon D'Shayn on a groupon-type-of-deal whim over two years ago and I've been going to her ever since - mostly waxing, but occasionally other services, too. I recently switched over to her new midtown Phoenix location when it opened in January 2013. Between the easy online scheduling, the great location near places to eat, and now only being about a mile away, it doesn't really get any more convenient for me!I also really like the new location because it offers nail services. The nail techs are nice gals and there are plenty of polish options (I'm now a fan of the CND Luxe line - think 7+ days like shellac without the need for a base coat or UV lamp). Affordability is key for a non-profit professional like me who likes to treat herself to a mani or pedi every now and then, so I like that the nail services and experience are high quality while the prices are on par with the nail shoppes you'd find next to a grocery store in a little strip-mall type shopping center.What else do I appreciate about Salon D'Shayn? The refreshments - water, tea, coffee, wine and little assorted snacks. The clean bathroom - 'nuff said. D'Lisa's impeccably prompt service - unlike my dentist, or doctor, etc. And the quick checkout courtesy of the 'square' - it calculates and generates gratuity options for you.This salon is regular part of my personal grooming and upkeep, so I'm very glad to have such a little gem in my neighborhood!PS - Something that may not make much of a difference to everyone, but D'Lisa is generously donating a package of services to my non-profit agency for our annual fundraising event. Not all small businesses can or want to contribute to community organizations, so this just makes her place and her staff that much greater to me!
1	My sister and I came here to get our first Brazilian wax. It was traumatizing to say the least! Not only was it extremely painful, my sister had blisters the next day. I'm guessing from the wax being so hot. D'Lisa was very nice, however we were not satisfied with our waxing service. This salon is very nice but I nor will my sister be back to get a waxed!
5	Thanks to Bret Thomas for the perfect haircut this afternoon. It's amazing that he's able to focus on cutting my hair so well while simultaneously politely listening, and thoughtfully responding to, my boring monologue of bitch about school. I guess listening skills are a crucial unspoken part of a hair stylist's job, ... but still, he listens particularly well. The salon itself is super, super nice. They play great music, and they have complimentary PBR! I highly, highly recommend this place.
5	I had a wax and hair done. Everyone is so kind and professional. My wax was quick and didn't hurt too bad. I'm a baby to pain! I will definitely be back.
5	Bret Thomas is simply a magician. Really takes the time to get the job right. A perfectionist and professional in every aspect. Best haircut in Phoenix.
5	"I think the most important thing a woman can have - next to talent, of course - is her hairdresser." ~ Joan CrawfordMany of us find a hairdresser or someone calling them selves a hairdresser.  However , you end up with a look totally different than what you wanted and not in a good way. Well not with Lydia ~ she is as good as it gets! I have being going to Lydia for few years now off and on. Man, I can tell you when I make the mistake of going to someone else because I "found a great deal" or to lazy to make an appointment, I always, always pay the price of damaging my hair and sometimes worse (you ladies know what I am talking about). However I always end up going back to Lydia and I am all fixed up; going from OMG to Thank God! You wont be disappointed by Lydia's work and expertise. She has great ideas and full of knowledge to take you and your hair to the next level.
5	I love getting my nails done by Leticia, she is pretty amazing. It's obvious she's incredibly passionate about what she does. She's definitely an artist. I have also gotten my hair done by Bret, it has never felt better. He did exactly what I wanted, it's like he read my mind. He takes his time to really figure out what you want. Also his shampoos are out of this world, such a treat! Love this place!
5	Salon D'Shayn came to the rescue as one of the few salons downtown/midtown that is open on a Sunday.  I was able to squeak in same day for a much needed haircut.  It was my first time in and Brittany did a great job taking her time to get things right.  The shop is very clean as well as they offered me a choice of beverages as soon as I walked in.There was an inviting bar top where they did manicures.  Were also rotating the art installation since my cut lasted after business hours.Brittany wrapped it up with everything up with a wash and some product.I'll definitely be back especially with their flexible hours.
5	I came here to do a mani/pedi with a groupon and needless to say I am an addict now! Vanessa rocks my nail world! She is super OCD when it comes to nails and makes sure every single nail is the perfect length, shape, and is EVEN. She takes her time and pays attention to detail! I've seen her about 3 more times since August! I absolutely love the atmosphere and everybody is super nice at the salon! I am curious to try their hair services now!
5	Got my hair cut and curled by Vanessa this am and just love it
5	fast easy waxing plus they have 50% off for first time costumers.
5	I have been going to Salon D'Shayn for about two years now so this review is long overdue! I have been to both locations and always receive the best service. I have had many different types of services provided and I am always impressed with how their staff goes above and beyond my expectations! The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is hip, the music is very tasteful/eclectic and I love that they support local artist and have original rotating art work.   I LOVE Salon D' Shayn!!
4	So they have a barber there for people like me. Now I have a downtown chiro as well as a downtown barber. Brit McCulley, originally from Wisconsin who biked in from Scottsdale until her bike got stolen last month. A barber in the truly old-school sense of the word - keeps you entertained with informative conversation the whole time you're there.She does shaves as well.I wish the Salon would get a bike rack out front - I always have to hook it up to the fence surrounding the chainstore restaurant next door which, luckily, never has many people, so I haven't yet got shooed away.When will chainstores learn to leave downtown alone?
5	I've always been blown away here.. From the moment you walk in the staff has such a nice air about them. I've been here a few times but I forget to check in, this salon has been my go to spot for my beauty needs the second I discovered it. D'Lisa has done a Brazilian wax for me (which by the way was QUICK! not as painful as I expected, D'Lisa has an awesome personality and doesn't mind chatting while she does it), and a few eyebrow and lip waxes. After my first visit I decided I would try to have my hair cut and styled here as well, and I chose Vanessa... And I couldn't be happier! She is very sweet like everyone else. She did a great job and this last visit, we decided to make a drastic change. I had very long, thick hair. She suggested a short cut and I love it. I also had my eyebrows and lip recently waxed by Taylor as well and I was incredibly happy with those results too. I always love to come in and relax. They also offer drinks and snacks which I think is nice. Happy one year anniversary to this location!Overall extremely happy to find this gem of a business with people so kind. Everything has been spectacular!
5	I have a crazy kind of hair...thicker than thick, and wavy. This makes for a history of some really bad haircuts in my life. I went in to see Brit McCulley after my last barber went a-wall, and she did me right! I now have a hair cut I like, and I new barber that I will be returning to!
5	I visited the salon for the first time and had Lydia cut my hair.  She did a FANTASTIC job!  And she and the staff are so incredibly friendly!  The atmosphere is very modern and relaxed, and it is in a cool part of town.  I have short hair and she styled it so that it is so funky and trendy, what a great way to start the weekend.  This salon gets great ratings for a reason.  Mention my name if you go in please, and tell them Lisa B. sent you!
5	I travel a lot so when Im on the road for 3-4 weeks I can get a little scary hairy! I was in town and searching yelp for a good waxing place and read a lot of good reviews about this salon. I was hesitant to get my wax in a hair salon but decided to give it a try. So happy I did! Taylar was great! She made me feel comfortable with my brazilian, full legs, and underarms. I would def come back here again. Ive recommended them to my AZ friends also. Next time I will try their nail girl. She had foils and did gel combinations so you can get a customized nail color. Love it! Cute place and they offer wine and tea, even snacks!
4	I test drove a visit to the Phoenix location when my super favorite Scottsdale Salon D'Shayn aesthetician wasn't available. Booking online was a breeze. (The salon owner even returned my despondent voicemail in less than an hour. But I had already booked and was en route!) Taylor rocked my brazillian wax. She's a pro! And in matters involving that area, this is muy importante. Even though I had broken the cardinal sin involving the bikini area (I had shaved recently) Taylor worked wonders. I wasn't given a lecture, nor did any finger wagging go on. It was a pleasant visit.The salon is appealing to walk into, as is the waxing room and bathroom. Artfully and tastefully decorated. There are snacky treats to help tide you over, should you be in sugar or protein crisis.As this was my first visit to the the Phoenix location, my service was 50% off! Squee! Note: I would budget scheduling time judiciously around mealtimes. The parking for the salon is shared with a number of restaurants. After circling the full lot a number of times, I attempted to valet. Unfortunately that was full as well.
4	My experience was great! I went in for a gelish manicure on my lunch. I already have a salon that I go to & love but I happened to work downtown that day so the drive to Pinnacle Peak was too far for me & I had an event coming up so my nails NEEDED to be done.My manicure was good. I went in for a nude color but they didn't have any nude colors. Am used to having like over 150+ colors to choose from & the colors at this salon were really limited, which is no biggie, I just went w/ a different color, GOLD (see pic). My nails look wonderful minus the fact that one chipped 4 days later, I'm used to a 2-3 week flawless job on my nails :-( BUT, that's okay, I just filed it down & it's all good.I also loved that the girls there were able to do a consultation on my hair while I was getting my nails done. I feel comfortable coming back to get my color done as soon as I can workout a good date! Actually, I feel comfortable coming back for anything because I really loved the atmosphere & the people we so nice & casual, which is wonderful.Maybe I will come back on a Thursday for that vegan pizza I hear they have :-P
5	Love this place. Karla did an incredible job taking my hair from black to a beautiful, vibrant dark red. She is so patient and easy to talk to. She did an excellent job with my long hair. The cut is perfect. I am in love with this salon!
5	Love love love this salon!! It's trendy and extremely welcoming!!!! The owner D'lisa has put her heart and soul into this place and it shows!! Ask for Karla you will not be disappointed! She is kind,creative and very talented! Does amazing color and gives the best scalp massages, hands down!
4	Had a great haircut, not a long wait and was cheap, if you're in the melrose area and need a cut, I would definitely endorse it. Pros: Cheap, fast, great service. Cons: Definitely not a cozy little barbershop, very modern.
5	I go to D' Shayn salon for my haircuts every 6-8 weeks. Sana does an awesome job on my hair. I'm really picky with my hair because it's curly but she does an amazing job each time! She cuts it dry which I love and then washes it and styles it. I also get my nails done by nancy and I love her! I've never had a Better mani and pedi! Thanks guys! Will def. Keep coming back .
5	I seen the reviews here and decided to give it a try. Best choice ever :) I walked in and the environment was calm, soothing and amiable. I get a class of water and wait to get a facial wax. I walk in the room and it's very clean, organized and plus it smelled good :)The wax technician was so professional and was fast so therefore I didn't feel any pain. I will definitely be back to get a padi and mani ;)
5	A wonderful salon. Clean, friendly, and modern are the first impression. I met my stylist, Samuel and he was eager to please and insure that I came out looking fantastic in my new summer style. It was a joy talking to him during my transformation and it was easy to see that he's a perfectionist. Overall, absolutely recommend This salon
4	I really enjoyed my hair cut and waxing today. I would give a five but I am not thrilled with my nail service. I will explain at the end because it's not a big deal it's just not a service I would use again.Vanessa did my hair. It's wonderful. I love aline hair cuts and she did such a perfect cut. It's hard to find someone who really cuts your hair well. I can see 5 stylists and not get a cut that I love. I leave feeling presentable but today I left feeling like my hair looked awesome. I'm actually excited to show it off. She is also really personable and sweet. Thank you so much for a great experience! Taylor did my eyebrows and she did a great job. I felt really at east which is rare for me. Part of why I came into the salon is because I am plus size and there was a really nice thing on the website welcoming plus sized ppl to waxing. If you are not plus size you have no idea how intimidating that can be depending on if someone is sizist. I only get brows and lip done but it's great to know I can do more here!Now about the nails. If I could do a separate review for this I would because I loved my salon experience. But I did not enjoy my nail service. When I used to go regularly it was at a nice little asian shop. The person I went to does such a nice thorough job that I was always pleased. My nails were not cleaned when she did them today. They were dirty when she painted them. Granted that's my fault but usually with a manicure your nails end up nice and clean! Also there are gaps on the side where there is no color, only some of the cuticles were dealt with. I had to request this and then I was told to go to a doctor. I just felt weird. But my main issue is one of customer service. I don't know why the nail tech started asking me about family. As someone who works customer service I would recommend not asking personal questions and keeping it light ;) I do appreciate the service though.Overall I loved my experience and will be back!
1	I received such rude and terrible service through the phone when I called to schedule an appointment from the person answering the phone, they just answered with a "hello", they didn't say anything else I had to ask and double check if I was even calling the right number and all she said was "yeah" very short with me and no help, I didn't even show up for my appointment.
5	Awesome service, awesome people. Love the ease of it all. From their email appointment reminders to the glasses of vino I get when I come in. Love love love! Taylor is so sweet and does an amazing job. Five stars all around! Oh and the owner supports rescue and has donated for the animals. Yay.
5	I highly recommend this salon for your waxing needs! Taylor was skilled, and made me feel very comfortable throughout the process. It wasn't painful at all! The wax room was also very clean, and i liked that they used honey wax, and offered natural tea tree oil skin healing products afterwards to prevent swelling and redness. It worked! They also offer great 1st time customer deals & online scheduling too! Check out their website!
5	I went to Salon D' Shayn for waxing. It was my first Brazilian. Taylor was my aesthetician and she did a great job. She was able to answer all of my questions and even gave advice on how to take care of my sensitive skin going forward. I would highly recommend the salon and Taylor specifically. I already set my next appointment.
5	Love my haircut, thank you Vanessa, always love the care you give to me
5	This salon is TOP NOTCH!  Not only are they opened late, but D'Lisa treats you with 100% customer service. When I make my appointments, I show up on time and am ushered into the room within moments. The contemporary art is always unique and within reasonable price if you want to take it home. I wish I lived in the neighborhood, so that I could go more than once in a blue moon! But she is WORTH THE DRIVE!
5	needed to find a place last minute because the aesthetician that usually does my wax wasn't available and i'm leaving overseas in a few days. honestly...i'm so bummed i hadn't come here sooner! d'lisa was absolutely WONDERFUL and her brazilian was the least painful i've ever experienced. i wish i could take her with me D: better believe that whenever i'm visiting phoenix, i'm coming here again!!
5	I wanted to go ahead and do a quick update/edit. After I left this review I also started getting spa manicures with Leticia.. I definitely recommend the "spa" version of anything she does.. Most relaxing massage ever!  She has done vinylux polishes (which last a week) and Gelish for me. Always very satisfied and she is very easy to talk to. She's gone out of her way to reschedule to me and has responded to me late at night if I had chipped the polish and wanted to come in and do something different. It's really sad to say that I have since moved from the Phoenix area, but yea.. Whenever I visit home I need to visit!
5	Do you have thick asian hair?  Is it impossible to find a good hair cut and an artist that knows how to texturize thick hair?  Look no more!  Bao Do is an amazing hair stylist and he's been cutting my hair for 4 years!! I get compliments on my hair a few times a day, and sometimes I just wash and air dry!  He's a color artist, too!  My ombre highlights turned out fabulous.  I'll never let another stylist touch my hair.  Go see Bao-NOW! :)
5	They got a bike rack - glad I finally remembered to report it, now that I have something else to report - Fridays the proprietrix' spouse, who operates a pizza food truck using Persian flatbreads, delivers half a dozen pizzas free for staff and customers to eat. Looks like my hair will always need cutting on a mid day Friday from now on.
5	Absolutely adored this place. I went in for a Brazilian wax with Taylor and it was a wonderful experience. She was sweet and thorough. And first time clients get 50% off so my wax was only $30. CANT BEAT IT!
5	I'm so sorry that I  posted this review on the wrong location before.  I wanted to make it right, so here we go again...I have been a customer of Salon D' Shayn  for a over a year now.   Bret always cuts my hair, and is a genius with a men's cut.   If you are looking for a great hair stylist with true talent then you need to make your next appointment with Bret.  You will walk out looking Fabulous!
5	I've been going to Leticia for my nail care for at least several months now and I've always had positive, pleasant experiences! At one of my recent visits, I was hoping to get squeezed in for a last minute (unscheduled) blowout for an event I was headed to that night. Right after my appointment with Taylor (also great), Karla was able to see me and gave me a wonderful blowout that lasted for days. I probably could have gotten another day out of it if I had just stopped at the drugstore for more dry shampoo! I've never worked with Karla - she did a great job and I really appreciated being seen without an appointment because this place is always busy! I'm a 'regular' and just continue to receive great service, which is what keeps me coming back!
5	We go here for our waxing and hair needs. This salon is fantastic and Tayor the aesthetician is amazing she is the main reason we keep coming back.
5	I rarely get a manicure but, that is going to change. Leticia was fantastic, professional, reasonable and no pressure. The salon was organized, clean and welcoming. I'm looking forward to another visit soon!
5	This is by far the best wax I have received! Very impressed with the Salon overall.
1	Was the worst experience,  was there for hours,  didn't get the color I was told I would get, had paint on my forehead and face .I was told that I could get it off with makeup remover when I got home. I have never paid so much for something so lousy. Never again.
5	After trying a couple of places to cut my hair in the States after I moved from  Spain, I have finally have found the right place! I had my first appointment with Brett 2-3 weeks ago, and he was simply great. Not only he was nice and polite, but also gave me a great haircut. He listened to what I wanted to get done in my haircut, and did an amazing job. I will definitely keep going there, and recommend the place to anybody that asks me for a hair salon. Awesome place!!
5	My hair stylist, Roger, just got a station at this salon! And while I will follow him anywhere, I will be torn if he ever leaves this salon! It's so clean and professional; very accommodating and welcoming. Roger is also an amazing colorist, especially for blondes! He's fun and now he's at a location that matches his awesomeness!
5	I've been going to assorted downtown barbershops for a few years and forgot what a good haircut looks like.  The second I got  home my girlfriend told me that I wasn't  allowed to go back to a traditional barbershop.  Thanks Brit.
5	I've been seeing Roger exclusively for several years now and have followed him to several salons. He's always bent over backwards to accommodate my husband and I and he's super freakin talented with hair and color. He just moved to Salon D'Shayne and I'm pleased with the choice. It's a hip, vibrant salon, but is not at all uptight or pretentious feeling. Just a really cool space in a convenient part of town. Roger is also really great at fixing my "errors in judgement" such as: botched Great Clips "bangs", that time I tried to dye my hair brown and it turned green, that other time when I did the same thing, and recently when I dyed my hair a decent color, but it was fading super fast. He's super fair with rates, and when you're a repeat customer he will hook you up. Put simply, Roger Montoya is the illusive chanteuse of hair.
5	I have been going to D'Lisa for Brazilian waxes for almost 4 years now and she is amazing! She's the best waxer I've been to. She is fun and energetic and makes you feel completely comfortable during your appointment. I've been to Salon D'shayn for manicures as well and they've done an amazing job. The salon is very very very clean and the staff is super friendly! I highly recommend going to Salon D'Shayn.
5	I love, love, love this salon!  The vibe and atmosphere were great!  Everyone was very friendly and I loved that it didn't look like every other salon and that the employees were all free to express their creativity.  I saw Taylor for a Brazilian wax thanks to a Groupon deal I snagged a while ago.  She was freaking awesome!  She made me feel comfortable and held a good conversation the whole time she had her hands all up in my business.  The best part was that she did what only true waxing pros know to do.... when waxing the pubes there is one spot at the top of where the lips meet that has the coarsest hair and is the most painful to get waxed.  I've been to several waxers who do that spot in one hella painful yank... they literally tell me to brace myself and when to breathe because it's so bad.  Not Taylor, she broke up that area and included small sections of it into other yanks.  Trust me... it's a major benefit to your tender niblets.  While I can't say it isn't painful, it wasn't nearly  as bad as many waxers make it!This is a small salon that doesn't appear to have a receptionist so if you are looking for a big fancy salon with snobby, pretentious girls greeting you, this is not it.  If you want a fun salon with people who obviously like what they do and where they work, this is it!  I wonder if they need a pt receptionist?  I would love to work in a salon again and this place would be my top pick!  Haha.
5	I love the location. McDowell and 7th (plenty of places to eat and drink before or after an appointment ). The interior design is modern and funky. They have refreshments available which is nice and this interesting spray in the bathroom to use *before* you make it stinky. This is important when there's only 1 toilet. Just saying. I saw a girl getting an amazing makeup job done. Most importantly, Roger Montoya is now doing hair there. He's got quite the loyal following and I know this place is gonna be packed because of him!! Please see my photo. He does amazing work! I'll be back in a few more weeks!!
5	I have been serviced by D'Lisa, Taylor, and Lydia at this location for over a year now. The place is always clean, friendly and fun. As a photographer, I appreciate the support of local artists, as the salon rotates local artists artwork on their walls which is super cool. Lydia is a great hair stylist and always makes me look my best. She always has a smile on her face and is great to chat with. This place just has a positive vibe to it and I always look forward to my next appointment. You should check this place out if you're looking for a new stylist or any service really, lots of talented people here.
5	Karla is amazing. She took my boring, limp hair and gave it life! I wanted an extreme blonde with an a-line cut. I have very thin and fragile hair that I've been trying to grow out forever. Well, it looked ratty and I needed to let it go. Karla completely transformed my look. Gave me that white icey blonde and the most precise a-line! I'm no stranger to the bob, and this is by far the best I've ever had. I don't think I've ever turned so many heads or received so many compliments in one day. I can't wait for Day 2! Thank you, thank you Karla!
