4	I'm not one for trying every new coffee shop that pops up, but it was convenient to pop in and check this pace out.The ambiance is nice, though a bit sparse, and they have the typical "art" on the walls and mandatory performance space.The reason I've giving four stars is because I don't like to order on-the-menu, and the woman was very receptive to my questions and requests. At Starbucks I'll get a look of frustration as the baristas try to figure out how to type my order into their registers and charge me for it, but this woman simply listened, put something in, and asked me questions as she made the drink. It made it feel like she was truly customizing it to my tastes. I guess if I'd used the drive-thru or simply ordered a drink from the menu I might have a more generic or bad experience, but this was one time that watching and explaining what I liked truly paid off for me.
4	I got home late Sunday evening, spent the weekend at the hospital with my daughter while she had her baby, and so when I got home I felt like I needed to spend some bonding time with my son and see if he was hungry and like most 17 year olds with a bottomless pit he was and said he would like Subway, so I told him lets go walk and get it, we don't live too far away and he likes to chat while we walk. I know, you're like dude this review is supposed to be for Talebu,,but wait for it,,,,,We walked around the corner and saw these twinkling lights and a lit up patio area, and my son was like lets go investigate, so we did, and when he saw it was a coffee shop he about jumped for joy,,,he loves local coffee shops.We walked in and he said I love the feel of the place, this will be my new hang out, we walked up to the counter and placed out order, then sat down at a chair, where he challenge me to a game of chess, but with the lack of sleep I knew if I did I was doomed.We found out that Talebu has open mic night on Thursday nights and live music Friday and Saturday nights, and my son was told there was no age limit so even he can listen to the tunes. You betcha we will be there forsure!I ordered a Caramel Frap, omg it was delicious! It tasted like a combo of caramel and butterscotch very yummy!  Glad to have found ya Talebu, you can bet we will be back!
2	For a drive through coffee, very very slow. You would be quicker running into Starbucks. As for the coffee, if they get your order correct the quality of the drinks will very. The iced mocha has un-dissolved chocolate powder in it and the other drinks can range from weak to too sweet. Try once, but consider other options for quick good drive through coffee. Sorry Talebu
4	3-18-13 Visited this place for the first time today with my daughter. I found them on groupon. I ordered an iced Mexican mocha, never heard of that drink and decided to try it out. It was pretty good, different, but good. I also ordered my daughter a mini chocolate pie. She liked it a lot. Very cute place, I wish it was cozier inside though (very open, modern and artsy). Its kind of tucked away around the corner but still easy to find. Can't wait to try another drink next time, it is a nice change from Starbucks. Update 3-19-13 tried their version of the white chocolate mocha and it was awesome!
1	5 stars should be easy to attain for a coffee joint, but Talebu simply does not deserve even 2 stars, so I have downgraded it. First off, we go in at 3pm for a quick coffee. It was 2 minutes before the guy at the counter stopped counting the till before he said "hey". The. Another minute before the coffee girl took our order. We were the only two in the whole place. Anyways, again the coffee was not that good, the atmosphere... Meh, and the service, also just not that good. This will be my final review of Talebu and my final stop in for a coffee. Save your time and go to where you at least you know you are going to get a good cup of joe.
1	I definitely do not recommend this coffee shop. My friend ordered a decaf chai and ended up with a drink that was more like a vanilla steamer. The muffin I got was rock hard and stale. Their coffee is less than average and the service was slow. This one man (the owner?) yelled across the counter at a coworker and the whole atmosphere was unprofessional and really rather awkward. Save your money and your time.
3	LOVE the atmosphere. More coffee shops need to have this atmosphere. As for the coffee, I feel it is ok. I prefer a stronger brew and feel they can refine the end product of their drinks. I've had a blueberry muffin from here twice, and I though they were decent. Nothing to "wow" me, but better than I've had elsewhere. Keep going, Talebu...I enjoy having you in my neighborhood!
4	its a cute, locally owned coffee shop that popped up fairly recently in the chandler area. the space is pretty huge and apparently hosts local musical talent from time to time. i also noticed that they give free refills when you are drinking in house. definitely a place i'll continue to frequent. P.S. - they are dog friendly too!
4	I love local coffee shops and especially ones that stay open in the evenings.  I am always looking for a place to hang out and study or just chill and Talebu has been just that for me since it opened.  I appreciate their open room and the atmosphere and would recommend this place to anyone looking to meet with others or just hang out and read a book.  At times, the music does get loud but I've never complained to the workers so I don't know if they would lower the volume for me but I don't mind and I think they'd take note of it if I did complain. The owner appears to work hard and truly care about not only her shop but the workers and patrons which is always a good thing! I have ordered both hot specialty coffee drinks and their smoothies and enjoyed both.  Thank you Talebu!
5	Love this place! Staff is so friendly and they have the tastiest coffee!!! They have a drive thru and also do band nights!! Check them out!
4	Great little place. They've got a variety of different coffee and tea flavors, which is awesome, and plenty of variety. Their tea is great, and so is their coffee. Great deco. Loved the wall art and the whole feel of the place. Also, it was very comfortable and open, with couches and a nice atmosphere. Very friendly, laidback, and helpful workers. They've also got tables where you can play chess, which I thought was a kind of cool touch. Would definitely suggest it to anyone looking for a place to kick back and hang out for a while with some great coffee!
4	I see great things for this coffee shop. First off, I am a big fan of non-corporate coffee shops that make it feel welcoming to hang out and enjoy their space. And this place has plenty of it... SPACE, that is. I was tempted to simply go through the drive-thru to sample their coffee, but I had to check out the interior of the store. They have a relaxed vibe, interesting art displayed on the walls, and the coffee is delicious. I am intrigued by their dessert-like offerings (the cheesecake in a cup looks deeee-vine!), but I tend to restrain myself from the sweets if I am strong enough.This place gets an extra star for the inclusion of a drive-thru window. I haven't found that in most coffeeshops I frequent around Phoenix. The proximity to my home will make this my on-the-fly must-have-caffeine destination. I can only hope that I will check out the evening entertainment here and continue to patronize an original coffee venue that is doing things right. Good on you, Talebu!
4	I noticed this independent coffee shop while shopping in the area. The decor is minimalist, open, and light. The double expresso was good, as was the iced coffee. It was lunchtime, so I had the very reasonably priced and tasty spinach salad with fresh sliced strawberries, crumbled feta cheese and candied walnuts. The employees were knowledgable, friendly and service was quick. I noticed their tea is loose leaf. I resisted the pastry case, with a small but very tempting selection. Definitely worth repeat visits.
4	Great place with great music.  More people need to go there!
2	Nice place with modern flair, and excellent hours.  This place is right near where I work so I was very excited to give it a try.  It just doesn't do it for me.  Another review said their espresso drink tasted more like a steamer, and I had the same experience.  I tried the carmella latte, and it was pretty much all syrup, very little espresso.  I couldn't finish it because it was so sweet.  Service was also very slow.  I think if they can work on the product a bit more, this place could be great.
4	Having just moved down from CO and looking for alternatives to Starbucks, I found this place and I will be back.  It's a big place, bigger than I usually like because it takes a lot of people to make it feel cozy.  That aside, the staff was very fast and friendly and my muffin was good, not great.  I would prefer a bolder roast for the coffee, but again, not bad.  Maybe my favorite thing about Tableu is the music soundtrack, a great blend of inspiring, not depressing songs from different genres and eras.  You won't hear hip-hop here, thank God!  Overall, a very pleasant experience.
5	After the customer service at my favorite coffee shop went to crap, I decided to try this place. I was pleased with the service. The place is very spacious, which I like. I would recommend trying this place if you haven't yet. The only flaw I have with this place, which isn't a big deal, is the hours that they close, I wish they were open a little bit later.
5	This is my go to coffee spot! I discovered this little gem when I was driving to work one day. I happened to glance over and saw an open sign that led to a drive thru coffee. Hello! I drove up to the window and was greeted by the nicest barista! It took me a second to navigate the menu but they're really good about customizing orders so I was able to get just what I wanted. They have lots of hot/cold options as well as different teas and smoothies so there's always something different to try.Another added bonus: If you are active military/veteran they'll give you a whopping 20% discount. Thank you Talebu for your generosity.
5	I love this place, best coffee in chandler! Not only is the coffee amazing but the owner and staff are just as wonderful!
4	I love this place! Spacious, fun atmosphere, good coffee & good selection.  You have the option to hang out inside on comfy couches listening to good trendy music while checking out the art displays for sale on the walls.  Or enjoy the weather outside on their large patio.  If you are in a hurry, you even have the convenient option of a drive-thru!  I would definitely recommend making the trip inside if you can though and check out their delicious selection of pastries and sweets.  (They also have a small menu of other foods also, although I'm not as impressed with these.)I have yet to make it to an open mic night but really want to one of these days soon. Especially after they get their liquor license and I can enjoy a drink after dinner. My only complaint so far is that it seems like their prices might have increased recently.  But in all fairness, I don't ask for receipts typically so perhaps they could have always been the same cost and my memory is just failing..
3	Have not been at night but based off a traditional coffee shop, it's not conducive to studying. Food items seem interesting although I have not tried any.
5	Was looking for a coffee shop to get some work done that IS NOT Starbucks and stumbled upon this gem. So happy to find a place in Chandler that has a decent setting. Great chairs and couches fostering a comfortable environment to enjoy coffee. If the caffeine doesn't wake you up, the barista will. This guy is on point and spewing with energy. Super friendly staff, the coffee was alright but because they understand how to design a cafe, 5 stars.
4	Updated tables and seats with backs. Usually fairly quiet during the morning and day. Nice atmosphere. Will be spending more time working here now that they have new tables.
5	This place is off the chain! Clean, plenty of seating, board games and fairly good beverages. My boyfriend and I LOVE this place. And he does not even drink coffee (likes to come for the chess boards). Anyone looking to get the HELL away from Starbucks; come here!
5	I have been coming to Talebu for several months now and I've never been disappointed. I love supporting this locally owned business - and there's no stuffy attitudes. The quality of the beans are outstanding and never bitter, DELICIOUS! I've held a couple staff meetings there and it's a great environment for one or many to gather.
5	I frequent non-corporate coffee shops, and this one is one of my faves. Nice, open atmosphere, updated tables and chairs (finally), several couches to chill out on. I like this place during the day for coffee/tea/food, and at night for the wine/beer/food and entertainment. Great place to try if you are looking for a new place to hang out at.
5	Fast wifi, mocha frapp is very tasty! Huge space. Great for groups and lots of comfortable seating. When looking around for a place to sit and work on your laptop midday this is a 10 star place. Inside is rather quiet and chill during the day. They do though seem to have quite a few people patronize the drive thru which is good. I would hate to see this place close due to lack of business. I've been telling everyone I know about Talebu.
5	Talebu  is a hidden gem.  Love the smoothies and the chunky monkey frapp, too.  It's a little off the beaten path, and should have better signage to let people know they are open.  But going through the drive in is a great way to start the day.
4	Their awesome during the week. But their weekend crew has huge inconsistencies in how the drinks taste. Give the weekend crew some retraining! They always forget to give me my stamp card back too!
3	The 3 stars are for the ambiance only. It's a nice big place with plenty of tables and cozy couches. Nice place to read or get some studying done. It was dead while i was there. I ordered a latte. I'm not sure how or why you would water down a latte but I somehow ended up with a cup of hot water with a bit of coffee flavoring and a splash of milk. And it tastes like sink water. Un drinkable. I also spent my visit swatting at flies. Inside. If I return I'll be drinking wine.
5	I've been going there for months now and I simply can't find anything wrong with the place. The staff is always friendly, the drinks are consistently delicious, and so far, everyone whom I have referred loves this place too. My favorite drink is the Mexican Mocha. At first I thought the title was interesting, and asked about it. It has some additional spices that give it its extra zing such as nutmeg and cinnamon. Cold or hot, this drink is awesome. One of my friends is lactose intolerant and she likes that they have almond milk as a choice. Lastly they have a rewards/punch card. Buy 10 drinks and get one free. Oh and Saturdays are double punch days! Can't go wrong with that! And its not like Starbucks where one purchase (regardless of amount) is a star, at Talebu they give you a mark PER DRINK. Its just too good!!Love this coffee house!
5	I absolutely LOVE local businesses!  And I am such a sucker for coffee shops.  They are so cute!  The best part about this coffee shop is the fact that it has a drive-thru.  To the owner who decided to add this perk--thank you!!  You are so smart!Best drink?  Mexican mocha.  Love it! I get mine with almond milk and it tastes SO good!I'll be frequenting this place more and more!
5	I Love this place!!! Coffee, wine bar, tea, food, live music, art, how much better can it get!? The staff is always very friendly and accommodating! I can literally spend all day studying in this place. They have free WiFi and their products are incredible!! some of the best coffee and teas around. Their sandwiches are so yummy! A huge plus is that they are open late! Not a single complaint so far.
4	I love how big and comfy this coffee shop is. The food and the drinks were good, but I was surprised at the lack of baked offerings late in the afternoon/evening-ish. I was in the mood for coffee and dessert on a different visit and the bakery trays were empty. It won't stop me from going back because they are very friendly and I enjoy the non-corporate vibe.
4	Really liked the place when I was there last week. I tried that Mexican mocha but it was honestly a bit too spicy (in a cinnamon and nutmeg sort of way) for my taste. I like that they have board games and such all around the place, comfortable seating, and live music!  I'll definitely be back, I'll order something different, but I'll be back.
5	Live music, lots of comfortable seating, and coffee drinks that are more than the standard Starbucks kind. I.e. I got the strawberry blonde mocha and it was phenomenal! It tasted like there was real strawberries in it! I also love the fact that they have a wine bar with ( what looks like) decently good wine selections. The punch card offering free drinks and specials will make me want to come back here
5	Been to almost all the local coffee shops and this is still my favorite. My new favorite thing here now is the 32oz iced loose leaf tea. Even better when they leave the bag in!  Orange / cinnamon is probably my favorite, but I like to mix it up. Many great flavors. The coffee here great too. The only thing I wish they had more of are outlets. The table on the back right as you walk in, over by the bathrooms area, has an outlet. That is the only table that has one right there.
5	This is my favorite coffee place!! Try the mocha latte with peppermint and coconut milk... Sooo good! I have yet to try the drive thru because I just love the sitting area. They have punch cards for a free drink after you buy 10. What coffee place (that is good) does that? Plus they have a large dairy free milk selection. Love love love this place!
5	Awesome place! Super chill and laid back. And vanessa, (the worker there) is awesome!
