5	I was concerned to go into a bed and breakfast, because I had a bad experience once before (Lets just say a lot of victorian dresses and an ankle biter involved), but I was absolutely blown away by the Token Creek Inn. It lies in some absolutely gorgeous Wisconsin countryside and is only 15- 20 minutes from downtown Madison.  We stayed in the Capitol room for 2 wonderful nights, and it was so relaxing.  At night there is not even a sound, it is just blissful silence, and in the morning (only if you open the window) you can occasionally hear their chickens and wonderful songbirds.  ......I forgot it was bed AND breakfast because the room and the home were so nice (a huge bath with jets in it and the most comfortable robe and bed ever will  make it easy to forget things), but the breakfast was phenomenal.  Jean and Jason are very accommodating to dietary needs.  If you are vegetarian or gluten intolerant, she will whip up the most delicious gluten-free pumpkin french toast you have ever had.  They have extremely fresh food (everything from either their garden or from that same county because they have amazing farmer's markets)   anyway, the food is simple and filling so that you do not even need a lunch. My favorite was the omelet (I believe Jason made), 2 yr old cheddar, fresh garden asparagus, and eggs from the chickens collected same day....mmmhhhm.  And my fiancee, who is just the pickiest coffee nut, said that the coffee (local) was delicious, and looked forward to it the next morning.  Which is very rare.Jean and Jason know a lot about the area and can easily direct you to good restaurants, kayaking, hiking, or more.  They even send you off with a map.  They are also considerate of private time and space, if you like to converse with them, they are so friendly and interesting (they have a really cool house/ garden to show off), but they also don't bother you if you spend all day in the room =).And to top it off, everything they engage in is environmentally conscious, and they are so nice and like explaining all the great ecofeatures  of the house and your food!!I honestly could not say enough about the people behind the Inn or the Inn and food itself.   I do not have anything I would change. Perfect. I cannot tell you how much my fiancee and I needed a break, and it was absolutely perfect. We are already planning a return, and mostly for just the Token creek eco inn.
5	Places like Token Creek are the reason I love B&Bs: a picturesque, subrural countryside; dark, starry nights; delicious food with fresh, local ingredients; friendly owners/hosts who go out of their way to make your stay a good experience; 2-week-old baby chicks; fuzzy black cats. Okay, those last two might be unique to Token Creek. Of course, Token Creek offers all the amenities you'd get at a top-rated hotel, such as complementary wifi, satellite tv, shampoos and soaps, and a mini-fridge devoted to snacks, beer, and wine for their guests. Well.. maybe at a 5-star hotel you'd get complementary beer and wine. But even then, you wouldn't get to try their own, home-brew; nor would you find a game of Scrabble at your disposal. Jean and Jason are the owners/hosts, and they were both super friendly. I consider myself to be somewhat of a socially-awkward penguin, but they made me feel instantly at home. Jean cooked an amazing breakfast, and named the local farm each ingredient came from, from the mushrooms in the egg fritata to the basil in salad dressing. My personal favorite was her oatmeal cake, topped with a sweet apricot compote and homemade vanilla whip cream. Jason directed me and my g/f to a great restaurant with local beers on tap for dinner, and helped us find the best route to New Glarus in the morning. The other guests, whom we ate breakfast with, were also very friendly. It was a wonderful stay. I definitely recommend Token Creek .
5	Wow, this was the idyllic Wisconsin Bed and Breakfast.  I think everything is organic and/or fair trade at this wonderful inn.  The sheets on the best were like 2 million thread count and the pillows were just the right size.Jean (the proprietor) was great: as a host, a cook and a tour guide.  I love the fact that we ate fresh eggs from the chicken flock and that were laid the day before.  Breakfast wasn't a small casserole with some coffee (like I have experienced at another B&B)- no- I stuffed myself with so much food that I did not have to eat until 5pm that evening.  Jean cooked perfect soft boiled eggs and had the neatest egg cutter to maximize the enjoyment.I enjoyed drinking the (complimentary) homemade wine and loved how Eco-friendly this bed & breakfast was! We will be back and spreading the word about this fabulous Inn.
