2	Typically, I enjoy McAllister's. They have a great turkey and tuna sandwich (separate orders). And really good cole slaw. Except this one time I went to this location, on Park Rd, and the cole slaw was slimey. Like someone had spit in it. I have not been able to go back since. The other locations all get high marks with me.
4	My new favorite place for lunch under $10.  Love love love the sweet tea (and I'm a northerner).  Good sandwiches and great nachos.  Can't wait to try the giant spuds I've been hearing so many good things about.  Guess it's a good thing I don't like cole slaw. . .
2	As good as some of the McAllister's I have visited have been, this one comes in towards the bottom, especially compared to the one at Lake Norman.My sister used to live across the street, so I have been here a couple of times, the first after we finished moving her in.I was famished and excited there was a McAllister's across the street. I needed a sammich, cookie and sweet tea immediately!The place was deserted when we walked in, and the service, while fairly quick, was less than enthusiastic. It almost seemed like we were bothering them, even though it wasn't even close to closing time.My sandwich was okay, but sloppily made, and even though they were supposed to have broccoli and cheddar soup that day, they had run out.Since every place can have an off-day, I went back once more, and had a pretty similar experience. The tea was still good though, so that's something.
2	I think it's quite possible that McAlister's Deli may be the most overrated deli I have ever been to... ever.  Each time I go there (which isn't often), I leave feeling like I have somehow been ripped off.  I think their food is overpriced for the quality that you get and that's what irritates me about this place.  Maybe I just haven't been getting the right menu items but last weekend, I had a greek chicken wrap that was bland and full of nothing but lettuce.  The "feta cheese" in the wrap was either not truly feta or some really, really low quality stuff.  It had a mealy, gross texture and no saltiness to it at all.  Maybe it was goat cheese, but it didn't even taste like that either.  I dunno...I"m just not fan and I would much rather go to Panera, Sub Station, or Owen's.  Oh and everyone raves about their sweet tea, but c'mon now, this is North Carolina...you can get sweet tea on every corner.
4	Their muffaletta has brought me back on many occasions.  The perfect lunch sandwich if you like ham and green olives.   I also like that they don't accept tips and if you tip anyway they donate the money to charity.
1	What is wrong with this McAlister's? I really want to like it and I have tried it 3 times now - each worse than before.I have had a few of the sandwiches. Each time the bread was stale. They are really proud of their tea and charge a pretty penny for it. I got the New Yorker sandwich and there was some strange plastic string (or something) in my sandwich! My friend also had some 'unknown item' in his sandwich. On my last visit they were out (OUT!) of spuds and the unsweet tea was not fresh.I won' t be going back.......
3	Need a sandwich in a pinch?! McAlister's a sure lunchtime stop. I've reduced the amount of times I eat here because when I was first introduced to McAlister's in West Texas, I couldn't get enough. Now that I work practically next door to this location, I don't visit unless I have to...too much of a good thing syndrome. The sandwiches are really good, especially the turkey and cranberry. They offer a few options for a side item, besides the usual chips pairing. (e.g., cole slaw, potato salad). I like their veggie chili too. They have huge cups for delicious sweet tea or lemonade. However, the coffee isn't gourmet, so steer clear if you are a coffee connoisseur. Good brownies and large cookies!The parking lot is typically full during lunch, but it's a large lot and has plenty of spaces. There's free wifi in case you need to work through lunch. There is a nice sized patio and plenty of seating indoors. The employees are always friendly and the service is fast.
3	I'm only going to give this place three stars because, honestly I don't eat here anymore.  I'm strictly obsessed with their AMAZING TEA!!!!I stopped eating their food when I had a few awful experiences at the Carolina Place location, but that hasn't stopped me from loving their tea.The parking is limited given the gym and other shops, but the people behind the counter are very friendly and nice to chat with about anything while I'm waiting for my beverage.I don't like their lack of vegetarian sandwich options, it seems like no matter how you expand your menu, you should think of the few of us who don't eat red meat/poultry and just want a great vegetable sandwich with a fancy spread on a yummy roll.  But oh well, maybe one day I'll find that perfect sandwich...
3	I don't love McAlister's Menu really. I never can find anything that excites me....  I would love for them to publish the calories on their menu.... because i'm sure everything is unhealthy there.. In fact, let's go to the nutrition facts shall we?http://www.mcalistersdeli.com/nutrition/WHAT?!  The Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap is 780 CALORIES. HELLO +++lbs!!... Applesauce 100 calories.. whew.... at least I didn't do mac-cheese (320 cal)FYI - Watch out for the McAlister's Club... 1010 cal!! WOAHHHHH BUDDY.NEE-NAW... NEE-NAW... Oh wait, that's the artery police.However, the inside of this location was huge and parking plentiful. And the service was great! Very quick and courteous.Sorry McAlister's ... Way too Rich for my blood. and by Rich, I don't mean Nene's rich with the trump check. More like with the lbs++++PS - their sweet tea is BOMB. probably diet bombing too.TEARS.
2	McAlister's Deli is pretty boring and doesn't have many vegetarian friendly options in general. But they have always had a really nice, helpful staff and service is fairly quick.Decor is the same at almost every location, but I like it, perfect for a sandwich shop. McAlister's is also very kid friendly, that's the only reason I frequent here... whilst babysitting picky eaters!! Since the food is pretty bland, kids like almost everything on the menu.I had the Four Cheese Griller... not bad as long as it's still warm. McAlister's does have one thing going for them... ICED TEA!The parking at this location is limited.
1	I had pretty much given up on dining at this Deli but my wife likes a few of their items so we gave them another shot if she agreed to order. Reason being is that you call them with a to-go order and automatically get put on hold....why would you not have the person that answers the phone be ready to take an order or transfer if need be...Sure enough after waiting about 5 minutes my wife had to call back and ask not to be put on hold and get the order started...funny thing they were able to take the order just like that....upon arriving at the store and going to to-go register it took another 5 minutes to even be acknowledged....I actually got barked at the time before for stepping up to the to-go register while other people were waiting....worst french dip I have ever had...it truly tasted like college cafeteria food...never again.....if I could give zero stars i would
3	It is ok, nothing to write home about. The food is typical, one step up from Subway. Beware going for lunch, this is place is CROWDED and it will take FOREVER to get your food. But, if you are looking for an average sandwich with an average decor, this is your place.
3	This is a fine place to dine but nothing special.  I do appreciate that they have vegetarian chili which is the perfect topping for their taco salad.  The taco salad is good, as are the huge baked potatoes.  Kids dine free at McAlister's on various evenings, but the kids menu is not great and the portions are for toddlers. This is a quick in and out, and in the winter a good place to grab a cup of soup, as the offerings change daily.  The sweet tea gets 4 stars.
4	I am a fan!  I enjoy a selection at lunch and appreciate the options of half & half.  I am a huge fan soups and sandwiches. If you like to enjoy half & half, here are a few selections I have tried:  Chicken Tortilla soup, delicious with a subtle kick, and the Grilled Chicken Spud.  So good.  Another great option, the Cheddar Potato Soup and French Dip.  Both options were delicious! I do wish they would tweak their Vegetable Soup, absolutely no flavor.  Overall the service is great, the atmosphere is inviting!
4	The sandwich was awesome.  The wait staff was really nice too.
3	This is probably one of the better sandwich shops around even though there is nothing special that really stands out. Parking can be difficult if its busy though that rarely happens when I have gone. The employees are very very friendly. The place is clean and food comes out quickly. They recently posted a lent friendly menu which I found convenient.
3	For today's lunch, I decided I needed some soup and a sandwich.  And since there is some conspiracy for Panera's to have terrible parking and difficult busy-corner access, McAlister's was going to have to do the job.While waiting in line behind the SouthPark ladies who were lunching, their preacher cut right in front of me ("Ohhhh, there's my favorite preacher").  I assumed once we got to order, being a gentleman and a man of God, he would tell me to go ahead and order since I had been standing behind the meemaws for about 7 minutes by then.  Wrong.  That is not what Jesus would have done.  Whatever.  They only had one person on the register for a bit, so the line took longer than usual.  I like that they have the Choose 2 where you can get a cup of soup and either half of a sandwich, half of a spud or a small salad, but I was hungry after having a small breakfast, so went with a full sandwich with a cup of soup.The sandwich:  Chicken salad on a croissant.  Croissant was soft, chicken salad was very good, but sparse (chicken, mayo, nuts and I believe dried cranberries).  Was quite tasty, but needed more to fill the croissant.  Served with a pickle, which are typically good, but I was not feeling pickley today.  The soup:  Broccoli cheddar.  Tasty.   Boiling hot, which is infinitely better than stone cold.  A soup spoon would have been nice rather than a regular spoon, but that is a matter of preference and not a requirement.  A thinner version than most of the broccoli cheese soups out there, but was still well flavored and hit the spot.The beverage:  Half and half tea.  McAlister's has awesome tea, which I always get and usually get a refill on the way out, but the tea today was not good.  I barely drank half.  Dessert:  No dessert because they had no cookies.  Seriously.  There is parking directly in front of McAlister's, but it is typically full, so you're going to need to park farther out in the lot.  Pay attention when crossing the lot, as the driveway to enter is right where you are going to need to walk and folks come flying through there. Tuesday night (I think), kids eat free, so use that information as either a warning or a helpful hint.
1	"The food is great. The service is NOT! They seem to be more concerned about their to-go orders and not the people standing right in front of them. Will not waste my time again. Too many other choices."
2	I went their last night to have a chicken salad sandwich on a Croissant roll. The Croissant roll was so over toasted, that it had a strong burnt flavor to the taste. The bread crumbled while I was chewing on it, because it was so over toasted. The sandwich was poorly made, and most of the chicken salad was clumped in the middle and sticking out of the sandwich. Between chicken salad falling out of the sandwich, and the bread crumpling, I was very disappointed. I probably won't be eating their again.
4	I purposely did not read the other reviews before writing mine. I did not understand why the stars were so low.I have eaten at this chain before and thought the food was good and the variety in choices was great.  They always have several choices of "Soups of the Day".My wife ordered a Chicken Tortilla Soup and we split a Muffaletta.She said her soup was good, not the best she had ever had but good.The Muffaletta was very good.  I prefer the bread that does not have sesame seeds on it but that is they bread they use here. (there are basically 2 types of bread used for muffalettas)So overall the food was better than good.The place was packed and the line to order long.  I was very impressed with the speed the orders were taken.  It only took about 6 minutes for the line to go down for our turn to order.  We were given our drinks and a number to place at our table for out food to be delivered.It only took about 8 1/2 minutes for our food to be delivered to our table.  Our server was very nice and brought extra napkins without being asked.Our experience was a good one and when in the area we will be back.
