5	StockXChange is an amazing concept and I can't believe that I've only recently discovered it! The concept is amazing and the result is that you can get a designer dress, handbag or other fashionable item for a fraction of the original retail price. Tucked away behind George Street you will find this fabulous boutique!As I browsed last week there were so many gorgeous items that caught my eye and I would have loved to have browsed for longer but I sensed that the longer I browsed, the more dangerous it would be come and I could feel a hole starting to burn in my pocket as I drooled over some handbags. Basically, everything in store is a second hand, gently used item and this is reflected in the discounted price. If you do want to clear out some of your designer items (lucky you), then you will get 50% of the price that it sells for in StockXChange.They get knew items in all the time so it's always worth checking back to see what else they have on offer. The prices aren't dirt cheap but if you think of what you could have spent in the first place then you realise that you're getting a good deal and all the items I saw looked brand new. I have to admit, many items didn't look that great and the only think going for them was the designer label if you'r really into that but I guess everyone's taste is different and with the stock changing so often, there'll be something for every fashionista.I guess one woman's designer junk is another woman's designer treasure!
5	Ding ding ding! Ring that bell because this stock has just gone up in my opinion.  What an amazing boutique, they have every brand imagineable and they are all the best quality as though they have just come out of the store.  Mulberry, Prada, Vivienne Westwood, I have to admit it was so exciting in here, just a little bit of wee came out!  The sales assistants are friendly and not in that fake I'm going to force you to buy something way its all genuine.  This is my absolute favourite find in Edinburgh get yourself in here!
5	I stumbled on StockXChange this past weekend while shopping for a skirt/dress for a wedding.  After looking in every store we could imagine, we were pooped and decided to throw in the towel.  Saturdays on George St are a bit crowded so we thought it would be best to walk via Thistle St, with the possible added upside of finding a random hole in the wall store that could offer something decent.The first thing we noticed was the Cambridge Bar (ooooh, THAT'S where it is!).  The second thing we noticed, just across the street, was the StockXChange.  We saw that it's pre-owned/lightly worn designer clothing at affordable prices and decided give it a quick browse.Within 20 seconds of looking I found a lovely gray LK Bennet dress in my size, and decided to give it a whirl.  OMFG that's a good dress.  I loved it, my friend loved it, and the shopkeeper/manager/owner loved it.  The best part about her was the fact that even though she knew she had a sale with me, she was still lovely and attentive and trying to help me visualize how I would put the outfit together ("you have to put on heels to know what it'll really look like!"), pulling out various options of shoes/jewellery/jacket, knowing that I had everything at home but just having fun dressing me.  She explained (as I purchased the fabulous dress) that they operate on a system whereby someone brings in a piece of clothing, they decide whether they will accept it, agree on a price, and then keep it in the store for 6 months.  If it's not sold by then, it goes back to the original owner.  The original owner will receive 50% of what the store sells the piece for, and they receive their payment once the item is sold.  If I had more time (and money!) I would have loved to have browsed the racks for more magic finds, but as it was I was absolutely thrilled with what I got.  I will absolutely make this place my first port of call next time I need a special new piece for my wardrobe.
