4	I visit this post office branch on a regular basis. The staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, and far easier to deal with than many other branches in the city. This location is just south of Loop 101, off of 59th Avenue. There are two Automated Postage Centers (APCs) - one inside the main service area and one outside in the lobby - which makes service here fast as many people opt to use these instead. Even when there is a line, they burn through it efficiently. This is also one of the branches that takes passport applications, though you must make an appointment first.
4	It's a post office so nothing all that exciting to say :PHowever, the staff is quite helpful and the line moves relatively quickly (assuming you don't go during lunch time)
5	Not much to say. It's a post office. Service level is as expected. Plan to wait if there's a line.  Best to print postage from home and drop in their inside drop chutes.
5	I was mailing a couple things out and didn't have tape for the boxes or a pen for the mailing labels .... It was a long day and I changed purses. There was a lady next to me tapping her boxes and she was so generous by letting me use hers. Realizing at this moment I didn't have a pen and there happens to be none around. There was a man standing inside that let me borrow his. Everyone here was so nice and generous!!I used the computer mailing system and loved it!! I recommend trying it out if you haven't yet.
3	High hedges in parking lot. Pretty dangerous. Can't see if car is coming around the corner. Super fast service. Had a long line waiting for a counter spot but those workers were kicking people through fast! I hated to have to wait in line for a post card stamp.  The flippin' machines didn't have an option that would sell me a postcard stamp or to purchase a book of them.
4	Better than most, actually, in that they have a set 'flow' that people seem to follow.  Sure the post office is never going to be a 'good time,' but at least this one is tolerable.
4	I had to mail something to china for my family.people who works there was friendly & fast...I was very happy the service I received over there.
4	Had to send a package out, parking lot was only a 1/4 full. Only about four people in line, only problem here was the customers asking to damn many questions. The workers were all nice and helpful. Got me right in, slapped on the label and shipped it out! No problem!
4	This is the post office I stop by every day to drop off packages. Conveniently located right off the 101 and 59th.Parking is always convenient, though the lot can get busy at times.Lines are typically long most of the time but during the off peak hours midday it can be rather quiet. Mondays and daily 4-6 is probably the busiest time.They have 2 APC machines, 1 in the lobby and 1 inside the main office.This is the only post office in the immediate area.
