2	EVERYONE's very friendly but the mechanics are all over the board.  A couple seem to be good but others shouldn't be working on bikes unsupervised.  Their pricing is also erratic - some things fairly priced others well over MSRP.  I wouldn't return, so I can't recommend this shop.
5	I just purchased a 2012 Kona Satori from Cactus Bike that was a former rental of theirs. Outside of a few scuffs and scratches this bike rides like new and shows how well Cactus has maintained it over the past year. I went in looking for a new bike but after test riding this bike I couldn't pass up such a good deal.
5	Cactus Bikes is the way to go!  Very smart bike techs and good gear!  They will fix your bike problems that other shops can't fix!I bought my bikes at Global and was taking my bikes to them for service because you get "free tune ups" if you buy your bike there.  My $3000 bike did not shift right from day 1.  I took it back to Global 4 times and even tried 2 shops (Gilbert and Ahwatukee).  I was told that's just how they are supposed to shift.  Even though it was skipping gears and shifting REALLY slow.  Finally I took it over to Cactus.  They made a few small adjustments and it was shifting like it should have right from the start!  Thanks to Cactus for fixing my bike!  I won't be taking it back to Global ever again!
5	My son goes to ASU and I'm done quite often between visits and spring training (Giant's fan from San Jose). I ride a lot in the Bay Area and wanted to ride in the Phoenix area. I had heard about the National Trail in magazines and saw vids on Youtube. So I had to try it. The people at the shop helped me rent a bike and pointed me in the right direction. They also gave me some good advice about riding National, since it was my first time. I got a bit lost up there, but eventually found the right way. They're advice was great and I had a blast. I will definately use them again for another rental the next time I am in town.
4	Good shop, good prices on parts and tools.  Great proximity to the trails at South Mountain, in case you need a part in a pinch.
1	According to the bike mechanic, the owner/manager and their policies are why this is a horrible company.I've been taking more business trips to Phoenix lately, and now that the weather is getting cold in the Rockies, I thought I should try to use my Phoenix trips to keep up on my Strava challenge.  I spoke to a gentleman earlier this week before I traveled to Phoenix; he was kind and answered my questions (so I thought).  He made it sound easy for me to get a ride in before my day - I would rent from close to open and it would only be a half-day rate.When I arrived two days later, however, the information on the phone was told to be untrue and outdated.  Apparently the manager/owner changed the policy but a month ago but not everyone on staff knew the change.  That's no problem - I have money.. just want to ride a bike.  I proceed to grab my pedals and have them pick out a bike.  None of them were fantastic or as nice as my bike at home, but it's no big deal - I just want to ride a bike.Unfortunately, I was also not told on the phone that two credit cards are required.  I was further insulted when I was told the manager/owner put this policy in place because they said "anyone who would be able to afford the bike would have two credit cards."   What travelling professional isn't committed to an airline or hotel loyalty program?  Why would you carry a second credit card you don't use only so you can loose it?  I was able to use my phone to find my other credit card numbers on my statements on-line, but I didn't know the expiration date for these cards that don't get use.  My wife was at work an not able to get home in time to look up the information before the store closed.When I travel, I carry nothing more than my phone, ID, and credit card.  It's a smart move to prevent problems during travel and it fits in a single case I take on my daily bike ride.  After-all, I have cards in my phone for Apple Pay as a back-up.  I'm earning airline miles after-all.  I suppose if I didn't have enough credit on the first card and couldn't afford a bike I might carry two cards with me.Next time you put a bad policy in place and ruin travel for bike lovers, make sure you can take other payment options such as Apple Pay or use common sense and review my bank statements as offered.How long can a business like this survive?
1	This shop is right up the street from me. I need new bicycle tires, so Googled their name, got their website, but then had to search the website to find their contact information. The guy who answered the phone rattled off the costs of the tires, tubes and install. When he finished, I suggested that they might consider moving their contact information to the Index page of their website. He told me that bike shops don't get much business from websites and that it's mostly locals who come in off the street. Then he abruptly hung up on me. Well, I'm a local and he just lost my business. If the owner is reading this, it was 10 am, 11-14-2014.
