4	I loove this place. Even though it has it's flaws... it's still a good place! Okay first off... it's CRAZY expensive!! four ppl is EASILY over a $100! The service is TERRIBLE. But the food it yummy!! It's crazy how much I'll put up with as long as the food is good! If you go, I totally recommend the tempanyaki grill! But that menu is crazy expensive too!! A plate of sushi is around $20. and the boat is the best thing on the menu! I love to go there and just feast on the boat! It comes with Tempura, terriyaki beef & chicken. It also comes with pot stickers and slices of pinapple. As well as sushi. Bring your appetite for this one! It's good food! The service needs some serious work! We got our sushi 30 minutes after our boat was served and of course we were full to the max! We struggled to finish it but dang, we couldn't! so we just took it home. When you go to Ichi Ban, bring your patience, your appetite and some extra cash!! Cuz you're gonna need all three to have a good time!
3	I'm torn over how I feel about Ichi Ban; I love it for its atmosphere and flavor, but every time I look at their menu (and my subsequent bill) I am constantly reminded that I am not loved in return. It's heartbreaking.For what they charge for sushi, I want to see the pond where the sushi chef spears the fish himself. I give Ichi Ban props for making their waitresses wear kimonos. Not to sound like a total bitch, but I find it most distressing when I go into an ethnic restaurant and find everyone dressed like the jerkoff at the Verizon Store. It just seems really suspicious to me; like they expect me to put faith in their culture's cuisine but don't even bother to dress the part. Don't mind me. I'm just obsessed with aesthetics.Oh, Ichi Ban always plays authentic Japanese music while you get your sushi on. Which I appreciate. Nothing would ruin a plate of tuna rolls like having to listen to Linkin Park while I eat.If you have a sadomasochistic relationship with your wallet (or manage to hook up with one of the many "money is no object, but it's all I think about" types that are springing up all over our once nice and ghetto west side), the food is pretty damn yummy. I recommend the Tempura, the Boat, and any of the sushi combos.Try the Philadelphia Roll if you don't have an aversion to cream cheese. Don't bother getting a soda. Get the iced green tea. It only costs a dollar and is amazing. If you want dessert, I suggest you venture across the street to any of the corporate chains. I rarely advocate going chain over local, but for the love of Zeus, 3 dollars for TWO BALLS OF MOCHI? You get six mochi in a box of Trader Joe's Mochi Balls for about the same price.Usually when someone wants to screw you over like that they have the common decency to give you their phone number.Ichi Ban is a good one-time or maybe once-a-month treat. But for those with a budget, I'd suggest any of the lesser known and less expensive alternatives.And no, I'm not talking about Kyoto Bowl.Have some dignity.
2	I was stoked when this place opened. Yay! Sushi without driving 20 minutes to another town!My enthusiasm was short-lived. Quite frankly, the quality is spotty. Sometimes the sushi is great. Sometimes it blows. You never know which you're going to get until you're already eating it, and by then it's too late. On my first visit I asked the bartender for a mai-tai and he didn't know how to make it. That's a pretty typical sushi bar drink, right?I would often pop in alone and sit at the sushi bar, where the waitresses tend to forget you're alive. I've ordered drinks and edamame and been served and eaten my sushi before either of the aforementioned even arrived.I totally avoid the tepanyaki tables. Why would I pay upwards of $30 a person for what's essentially friend rice? After three mediocre experiences in a row, I've given up.
1	WARNING!!! Stay away.  I just had the worst dining experience of my life.  I was grossed out and I was shocked at what happened.  Our party had ordered some sushi.  Our rude waitress brought out our sushi and we proceeded to eat it.  Then she franticly came back when she realized she had given us the wrong sushi.  I had a California roll in my mouth and she demanded I take it out of my mouth.  I was so in shock she asked me to do this, so I did.   She gathered all our half eaten pieces and tried to put them back together to make it look like whole pieces.  Then she has the nerve to take it to the table next to us and serve it and act like nothing happened.  Meanwhile the customers on the next table were watching her the entire time.  That really grossed me out.  It made me think that if they are willing to do that in front of you, are they doing in the kitchen, where no one sees.  The other customers complained to the management about the incident but management didn't care.  The other customers tried to return and cancel there sushi order but management refused to cancel it since it was already made.  At that point I wanted to leave but they were already making us our food in front of us so we stayed. It didn't stop there.  We had asked our waitress to split our checks from the beginning but she didn't.  So she brought us the bill with everyone's items included. Then we reminded her to split the check and she got upset and gave us an attitude because she claims we didn't tell her.  Our party was made up of four adults and two babies.  So when it came to printing the check she counted the babies as adults and automatically charged us 18% because gratuity is included in parties of six or more.Then we added up our bills with my handy calculator in my iPod, and there calculations were off by six dollars or more on each of our bills.  We confronted the waitress and she claims that there calculator is broken.I will never return to this place even if it was free.  It sucks because this is my first review I have ever written on Yelp and it had to be a bad one.  To be fair, the food was alright but not worth the money and take my word for it, I'm a chef.
1	BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BADHands down worst SUSHI in the valley.  First off the sushi portions are terrible.  9 bucks for six pieces while it sounds good the size of the sushi was tiny! I mean small!  We ordered this sushi roll called the Rattlesnake it tasted so fishy we had to send it back.  Its replacement was a spicy yellow fin roll.  The chef must have been mad because that roll was falling apart.  We had the spicy tuna, edamame, and yellowfin regular roll in addition.  My beer Saporo was warm.  We had three different waiters thoughout and our bill was shockingly high.  The sushi chef was texting while he was making sushi if thats any clue. The staff just does not care.This place needs a makeover bad I feel like calling Gordan Ramsy to have him fix this place because I will never go here again utill there are some major changes.
2	Definatly not worth the bill you will be paying at the end of the meal. I have had better elsewhere for way less, try habuki or ra for more satisfaction. They like to charge here for stuff others give for free. It was a big dissapointment, but there philly rolls saved them from a one star.
2	We have been here a few times.  It is alright.  We are happy to see Japanese food so close to us, but after a few times we have not been back.  The sushi is hit and miss.  The service is terrible.  We had to keep asking for refills.  The tempanyaki grill is fun but pricing.  For that amount I rather drive further for better food and service.
1	Service- badQuality of food- ehhhPrice- WHAT THE ??!!!Luckily, I didn't have to foot the bill for this place because it was just bad bad bad. This review was mostly from the sushi bar.Ordered edemame, iced green tea, spicy tuna, las vegas roll and caterpillar roll. I had to stay with these very conventional rolls because honestly, I was scared to venture in uncharted territory at this place.Everything tasted worse than grocery store sushi.. And the Las Vegas roll was deep fried and way too crispy.Another gripe- most sushi places have affable sushi chefs- not the ones at Ichi Ban. They are rude, and look annoyed when you place an order. Our waitress also took 15 minutes to even ask us about our drink orders.. in fact, I had to ask her to take our drink orders. Overall- don't waste your time at this place.
1	Horrid - stay as far away from this place as you can.  Over-priced, bad food overall.....horrid service. I ordered soup and had a lot left - when asked for a to go container was told they did not have soup to go containers.  Since, I was sick it would have been nice to be able to have the soup later .  Told the manager I was disappointed (guy with the long hair) and he told me he didn't care.  Save your money - the waitress did not get a tip this night, which I never do unless it was just the worst - IT was the worst ever.  The whole place has a feeling of being overwhelmed. Again, do no go here.....Bad - Bad - Bad!
1	Absolutely horrible! If I could give this place half a star, or a negative star even, I would! The service was slow. The sushi was terrible. The Mr. and I came here during lunch, we had a total of 4 rolls (2 on their "happy hour lunch menu" and 2 regular specialty rolls). No drinks, only water. We ended up spending more during lunch here than we would have spent at Blu Sushi or Ah-So during dinner. We sat at the sushi bar so I could ask for my signature specialty roll which normaly costs about $9 at Blu and this place charged $13.95! It wasn't anything too extravagant nor hard to make - I could make these at home myself! When we questioned our waitress about our bill she said "oh sushi chef wanted $14, but I say no, $13.95!" WOW, a whopping 5 cents, thanks lady, I'll just take that extra 5 cents and buy me something pretty from the Old Navy across the street! Are you kidding me?!The price on the bill could have been worth it if the sushi was top-notch, but this sushi was bland, NOT fresh, the pieces were either tiny or falling apart. We had our friend over the other night for home-made sushi and when we compared sushi restaurants she raved about this place....seriously. Oh boy, we felt horrible for her. She obviously had never tried REAL, DELICIOUS sushi before! I'm better off making my own sushi at home then coming to this place! NEVER AGAIN!
1	Terrible service! Our bartender/server was so high on crack and prescription drugs it was unbelievable. Not only could he not form a sentence, he forgot everything. Drinks to the wrong person, forgot to place order, was absolutely freaking Nuts! We just wanted a few drinks, some sushi, and to be gone in about an hour or so. It took forever to get the food. By the time we got it, we needed to go. He had to leave the bar to go to the front to try and ring it up. That took 2 or 3 times...Are you Kidding me? He says as we leave "Tell them I did a good job, as I need some help. A few people have complained about me lately". Really? We tell what appears to be the manager on our way out, all he can say is sorry. I will never go back!
1	I was excited to find a sushi place near our home in Glendale, but the excitement faded as soon as I walked in to the place. It has a very cheap feel to it. Fake plants everywhere, bad lighting, you get the point. We sat and ordered a few different rolls...none of which were good. The fish was not very fresh and the presentation was lacking.  If you are really craving sushi and there is nothing else, this will do-but don't get your hopes up!
2	OK, so we're visitors that come from one of the Asian cusine meccas of the United States.But all in all, this restaurant was disappointing.It offers great ideas within the restaurant: a sushi bar, regular restaurant/kitchen dining, and hibachi/teppanyaki style dining.Upon entry, we simply were not offered the last of the 3.  Wasn't even an option for us.  Was there a logical reason?  No.  We would have liked to do so, but c'est la vie.We ended up doing regular restaurant/kitchen dining, partially as a grave miscommunication between us and the server.We ordered their "Grand Ichi Ban" sushi plate and yakisoba to share between two adults and a child.  This included a variety of side dishes, as well as California rolls and an assortment of nigiri.The appetizers (miso soup and cucumber/bean sprout salad) were delicious and well timed, although I really could have done without the mushrooms in the miso soup.  Their yakisoba included a rather bland "teriyaki" sauce that I felt relied too heavily on salt, as well as having the inclusion of mushrooms (which I have never seen in yakisoba ANYWHERE else, and personally is disgusting to me).  The California rolls were unremarkable, and it seemed as if the avocado wasn't exactly "freshed sliced", even though equivalent rolls in the pacific northwest ARE, even when avocado is out of season (surprising given Arizona's proximity to the crop).  While most of the nigiri was tasty and of quality presentation, the baffling choice of Imitation Krab for one roll (and an oddly cut, overly long, blocky piece at that) was very baffling.Not having a lot of experience with sushi in the desert southwest, I'm not quite sure wha the standards are, but by my standards, it falls short... and for far too much money for the product.Also, the waiter took far too long at the end to present the check.  I had to actually request it in a fit of desperation as my preschooler had lost his attention span and was causing a disruption.  Apparently that in and of itself was not enough of a clue to the waitstaff that they were taking too long...
2	This is the poor man's Ah-So, so if you've been to that place, you can totally understand and stop reading now.For those of you that make it a habit to eat good sushi, I don't know if this place will satisfy you. The interior is beautiful, and you'll see a hostess or two sporting kimonos. You have a choice of sitting at a table and ordering some grilled food (the price goes all the way up to $40 steak), or sitting at the sushi bar, which is what I came for.It wasn't bad at all, 3-stars worthy, but like everything else, the price was a little bit up there. Poor Tolleson/Avondale residents...it's like they don't have a better place to go.
4	Went here with my husband for my b-day dinner! We loved it! We sat at a Teppan table and both ordered the teriyaki chicken. They came over with the soup and salad, which were both great! And once we were done with that, our cook arrived. He was friendly and we had some laughs. We enjoyed ourselves and will be back again! :)
4	I'm not sure about the other reviews, but our experience was great.  The service was prompt and polite.  And the food was excellent.  I've had better sushi, but it wasn't bad at all.  The teppanyaki chef was incredibly entertaining and delicious.  Certainly more expensive than your average chain restaurant, but it was worth it!
4	Whenever Im in the area I will eat here for a dinner. Im not sure if all the poor reviews are from the tepan table, but I always come just for sushi & its yummy. The sunrise & sunset rolls are delicious, rainbow isn't bad.
2	Good portions, and the fish is fresh. But,,,, im not feeln the rice that comes w/the Negeri. just my opinion
1	I wish I would of read the reviews before we ate here. I didn't pick out the place. We were wanting to eat sushi, I guess Tolleson/Avondale doesn't have a wide selection for this. We went during lunch hour and this place was dead, now I know why. It's not well lit and has annoying Japanese pop songs playing in the background. The women's bathroom was disgusting and I couldn't bring myself to use the facility. Then after seeing that, I had to go back to my table and eat the food. We ordered the spicy tuna. this didn't look like the spicy tuna rolls I usually get but it tasted good. Javier ordered teriyaki chicken and I ordered the teriyaki beef. Javier's chicken was good and the sauce was perfect. They doused my beef with too much teriyaki, it was overwhelming. We also got the miso soup, I usually love this soup, well at least at benihanna's . But this miso soup was too overwhelming as well, it's like they put a seasoning packet from the top ramen package and poured it in there. I will not be going back to this place, if you live in this area and in the mood for Japanese teppan, I suggest to skip this place and head to ah-so.
1	Food is subpar. As is the service. Go farther west.
2	In short - Terrible wait staff.Water that tasted like watered down sprite.  Overpriced what is essence fried rice with a little protein.  Disgusting bathrooms. We sat at a tepan table and was immediately moved to another in the corner of the restaurant.  There was a family of 4 sitting there.  2 adults - 2 kids both under 2yrs old.  We saw that the other family had already ordered sushi and it looked decent, so we decided to order 2 rolls our self to nosh on while we waited for our tepan food.  WELL....we were informed that if we wanted sushi before our meal, we'd have to move to yet another table since that family had been waiting for a while.  I inform the server that we'll stay at the table and still order sushi.  The miso that is brought out is broth with 2 slices of mushroom.  The salad was terrible.  We order our tepan food and wait 30minutes before a chef comes to our table.  The family said they were waiting 20minutes before their order was taken and had been without a chef for an hour.  The restaurant was not that busy.  Though the main course was decent....it's overpriced.  Oh and that sushi we ordered...didnt come until AFTER we were ready for the check. Apparently there's another tepan restaurant further west according to my brother.  Next time we're having my mom babysit and are in the mood for tepan, we'll keep driving.
4	I can admit I was a little skeptical of what my dining experience here would be like considering all the reviews.  I must have been fortunate that day because everything went well and the food was good.The servers and the chef were polite and attentive.  The Chef was very entertaining, and even though he missed every attempt at chucking food in out mouths, it was still a fun time.In my tip I mentioned they do not have Happy Hour.  They do have a well stocked bar and bar area, so I was very surprised that they do not have a happy hour special.  I would have spent more money on drinks had they a drink special.The dinning is equally comparable to Benihana's and Ah-So.  Prices and gimmik are all the same.  I was in a group of 7 dining and most of the orders all came out together.  I tried both the teppan and sushi, nothing to write home about, but decent.  I left full and satisfied.I may go back in the future for dinner, but I can think of more places nearby that offer happy hour, so i'll just go somewhere else for drinks and appetizers.
3	I liked the food. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The chefs all were rather unskilled compared to others I've seen. Ah So in Arrowhead and Hayashi in Litchfield Park are better choices.
2	Not a very good dinning experience if you plan on sitting anywhere other than a Teppanyaki station. I've visited this place 2 times in the last year.During our last visit we sat at the bar thinking we could get a quick meal and drink. We where mistaken!! We ordered 3 sushi rols and a fillet. Our food came out in 45 minutes and getting a drink in this place was like pulling teeth. I will not return.
3	We sat at the teppanyaki table, it was our first time at, Ichi Ban..  I've waited to leave this review. Our chef Tony was fabulous, our 8 yr old was afraid of the fire and Tony picked up on it and started talking to our son and making him laugh with his antics, our Chef was phenomenal, I can't say enough, his food was not only delicious but his personality was 5 stars. The rest of the place was terrible from the woman at the front counter who was chewing gum and smacking it and cracking it, the air ducts in the ceiling were terrible, they were filthy. The bathroom, it was disgusting I'm not going to go into detail because it's gross. The place has so much potential if they had a manager in their that cleanliness was important. But don't go there thinking you're going to have a quick meal. I'm sad I wanted to leave a better review but I couldn't. Honestly if it wasn't for our Chef I would leave 1 star. I hope they get a better manager in there, this place has a great deal of possibilities.
2	Went in for an early dinner before a movie. Place was empty, including the teppan tables. The teppan tables, at least a few of them, must have been on, because the entire place had a weird metallic smell to it...kind of like when you turn on the oven and forget that you're storing a cast iron skillet in it.Husband got sushi...it looked ok but I didn't try it. I ordered the Yakisoba noodles. Noodles were swimming in sauce and the chicken was dry. Kind of tasted like I had cubed up some chicken breast and stir fried it in a skillet with those noodles you can buy at the grocery store. Not good.Visited the restroom on our way out; this is a reasonably new building so I was surprised at how run down it looked in the restroom; toilets were stained, bathroom fixtures were broken. For an added bonus, I saw a cockroach crusing around by one of the teppan tables on our way out.
4	I think this place gets a little bit of a bad rap. It is a local place so you have the rough edges you get with local places. My friends are regulars here so maybe we get a little better service. My friends have told me that they have gone trough a few chefs here in the last few years. There is one there right now called Tony and he is very good. We requested him and it was worth the extra wait. He is very good and funny. Great interaction with us. Made some of the best fried rice I have had in a while. He is very talented.The rest of the service is good too. Sure it is not that corporate teppanyaki place but it is still good. The show is different here. More fire. The corporate place is afraid of fire. Some of the dishes the corporate place does better some are better here. If you could combine the two you would have the perfect place.Prices aren't too bad. The place is pretty good too. Like I said a few rough edges you get from a local place but nothing horrible. I would come back here with my friends anytime. Of course I love teppanyaki so it doesn't take much arm twisting. Overall I would give it 3 and 1/2 stars but I rounded up.Ask for Tony it is worth the wait.
1	Well, we've decided to never return to this Ichiban Restaurant again.  We've been going there for sushi and the occasional teppanyaki meal for nearly 9 years, but the party's over.  The service and food quality at Ichiban's has fallen below even tolerable limits.  Today was our worst sushi experience at this, or any other, restaurant.We went there today for lunch on our SooshMoov (Sushi & a Movie) Date.  We were the second couple in the restaurant for lunch, but despite the lack of customers, today's service was between horrible and non-existent.  We waited a long time to order, then we waited even longer for our order to arrive.  We watched silently as our order sat at the sushi station for our waitress/owner to bring it to us.  We were about to get up and get it for ourselves when she finally appeared.  Unfortunately, the Sushi Chef got part of our order wrong...he made 3 spicy crab rolls instead of 3 spicy tuna rolls. (The rest of the sushi was fine.)  He apologized for his error and rushed the correct order out.Unfortunately, although the bites of crab roll we had were not very good, the tuna rolls he made were much worse!  The taste and texture seemed as if it was made from canned cooked tuna salad, not sushi, and not pleasing.  We have never had that from this restaurant before.  We could not finish those bites.We left feeling cheated from today's experience.  Although the table service has been a bit slow in the past, this experience was much worse than we have seen before.  This visit was so bad that we will never return again.  Time to find a new sushi restaurant.
1	THE WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD! While looking for some sushi around Avondale area we came upon this place. We should have known as soon as we walked in it was going to be bad. The place smelled like old cooking oil. There was crumbs all over th floor. We had a chance to run out. I don't know why we didn't. We ordered edamame and that was about the only good thing. The California rolls were warm ish and bland NO FLAVOR! The rainbow roll looked dry and it was disgusting. My friend wanted to throw up. I can't even explain the rest because it was so bad.
1	We stopped in before the movies across the street for a sake bomb and some sushi. My side of the table was sticky, eeewww. And the sushi was very underwhelming, the quality was not great, especially for the price. Even the miso soup was weird and frothy. At least we didn't get food poisoning. We will not return.
5	Stopped in for tennpenyaki and  really enjoyed the place. Our chef George was very entertaining and interactive. George was not Japanese but did a great job on the food. I have been to alot of place for tennpenyaki and for sure this will be my stop again when I an in town. Thank you. Jumbo Jack
2	Poor service, been waiting for my check for 30min! Still waiting after asking another server for it..... Yay, finally, someone else dropped it off, what happened to our server?! :( Left hungry and feel everything was overpriced... Sad because I never right bad reviews but this was not a good first experience...
1	Simply put service was horrible food was ok nothing special and finally price was high for quality of service, atmosphere and food...I will not be back and you should stay cleare of this place.
2	Sadly, this place has a lot of potential that it's not living up to.  I've been here many times, and unfortunately there is no consistency.  The service is OK, and I like to order the sushi combos, but one visit they'll have all of the components, the next they'll be out of half of them.  If I want sunomono with my meal, it's disappointing if it's missing.  I was delighted to have found a sushi place reasonably close to home--59 Av and L Buckeye--but I probably won't visit this place for a few months...let them get their crap together.
1	My wife and I went out to visit the restaurant on a Sunday around 5:30 PM. We had an Amazon Local offer for two drinks and a Sensei appetizer platter. It was her birthday and I had just started the Weight Watcher program so we were looking for a light dinner/snack. The offer stated that we had to sit in the bar area and arrive after 5:00 PM. All the small tables had high bar chairs, as did the bar. My wife who is rather short could not comfortably climb onto a chair so we sat at the one large (8-10 seat) table which had normal height chairs. The waiter indicated that was agreeable. When we showed the voucher to the waiter, he said he did not know how to process it and called over the manager/host. The manager looked irritable and said that only one person knew how to process the order and that that person had the day off and therefore he could not serve us. Additional notes: we felt that the restaurant was dark and dreary looking and the table that we did sit at had not been cleaned in quite a while. We had eaten at the restaurant twice before several years ago, the first time being a good experience, but the second time the service had been poor. The offer was reportedly a $35.00 value for $15.00. Amazon Local has refunded our purchase amount.
2	Every time I eat here, I leave full and happy. Tepenyaki cooks are very funny and they are actually easy to talk to. Prices for drinks are ridiculous and super over priced, why? Gotta take out a loan to get a buzz here.Food is great, drink prices.....come on mannnnnnn!
2	Our chef George was awesome and fast. I was disappointed by Michael the manager because he said on the phone he has yum yum sauce and we drove a while to get here and found out by George they don't have it. I won't be back though. I had better quality in Chicago. The service was slow too.
1	I wish there was an option for no stars. The place smelled like old grease; along with the table for regular dining and lamps were caked with grease. The roof and vents were caked with dust. If a place doesn't take care in the dining room where the customers can see it, just think how the back looks. Yikes. I think it was a blessing in disguise for not getting one roll that my husband and I ordered and waited for a long time to be made without it being busy.
5	The food choice we picked were awesome. Caterpillar Roll, Kano Salad, tuna roll. Very very kind people!
1	"ICKY- Ban" is a better name for this place.I feel bad saying this because server was nice, but this is THE WORST SUSHI PLACE I HAVE EVER EVER EVER been to. This will be closed down in no time. Mark my words. Let me break it down:1. Broken AC in late July (so why aren't they having someone fix it????) Who wants to eat warm sushi and drink warm kirin? Nobody! Disgusting. 2. Place smells like oil. NO, really...like the air is oily!!!3. Dark. Lights are off. Even the tepanyaki chef is cooking in the dark. 4. Dirty table. Never toweled it down. Seriously. Dirty. Gross. Menus had food on them including the paper sushi checklist. 5. Sushi - no joke - took about 40 minutes to come out. Waaaaaaaaayyy too long and this place had barely anyone in it. 6. 2 sushi plates made incorrectly. Server messed one up and apologized for it and took it off the bill - he was nice and it was an  honest mistake and he was accountable (this is how I justify even one star).7. There is more...trust me. Just don't go. Why did we stay and why did we even go to begin with, u may ask? There aren't many options out here and, well, we are idiots and my uncle didn't listen to me when I read him the other yelp reviews! He has now promised to listen to me next time and to use yelp!Now if I can just get this stink off me. Ugh.
2	Passing through.  Stopped in for a quick bite.  Dark dingy dirty place. Notice the dirty Kirin drapes being used into the kitchen. Tempora was ok.  Wife hated the soup
1	Hi Guys !!  I thought I was the only one putting a 1 Star on this joint, not Reataurant I said Joint .... well, the sushi well it was uhmm , not that good.. the salad it was ok but the rest I don't know how to say it but not that Good . It's a Desert Sushi Japanese kinda food. One of the owners there I guess she stands to greet the people coming in. I was like what even my wife said what the !! That lady has a see through blouse and no bra !!! I was, are we in the right place ??? Is this a Retaurant or a Strip joint ?? very wierd ....  this is what we saw ... we really had second thought's of not coming back!  This place should be Ichi Banned  !!
2	Jiro (dreams of sushi) would not be pleased.   I went to lunch with a coworker for teppanyaki.  I should have known better - no one goes to a circus for a great meal.  Frozen mixed vegetable in the fried rice, old tasting shrimp, heavy handed sauces.  The same meal, minus the show, served in a Tokyo Joe/Samurai Sam bowl would cost 6.95 and be plated far more delicately and with greater attention to flavor.  Instead, I paid a little more than an Andrew Jackson (with tip) for a flavor fail in a dark and mostly empty room.Food and ambiance aside, the show was spot on.  We had a Mexican teppanyaki chef who really was on his game (So much so, that I awarded Ichi Ban a star!)Yes, it was much of the same old tired act teppanyaki chefs have been passing along to us for years (twirling spatulas, spinning eggs, onion volcanos, shrimp in the hat) but the passion this guy had for the show was undeniable. If only the ingredients and room matched his joie de vivre, I might have left Tolleson with a huge smile!  Ichi Ban = Shichi Ban.  Two stars.
4	Good place.  Just have to pay a little.  I asked the samari looking sushi chef what he enjoyed making most.  He sugessed the lobster roll.  $25 later and I'm having a foodgasm along with some sake shots.  I loved it.  First time being there and it was a dark environment so 4 stars
1	This place was so awful, we actually walked out. It took 30 mins for us to get our drinks and place our orders. Even then, they were out of eel, strawberry flavor for their lemonade and other items. we felt really bad for the ONE waiter that was there and busting his ass, but one server cannot efficiently serve a Restaurant. This seemed like a case of poor management than a waitstaff issue. After sitting there for an hour and not getting anything, we just paid for our drinks and walked out.
1	This was awful!!! $15 for steak teriyaki, was a paper thin steak with nasty sauce. Edamame was luke warm, service was not very friendly.
1	Terrible service. Not even half capacity and it took almost 30 mins for entree. Chicken Teriyaki was nothing more than precooked, frozen, reheated chicken smothered in sauce and served with a side of salad. Sushi was less than average. much better places in other parts of the valley. Needs to hire more serving staff and improve their food quality. Will not be returning.
4	I don't know about these other reviews but my experience with Ichi Ban has never been short of pleasant. I go there for lunch because it's close to the nail salon I frequent. I will admit that they are usually short staffed, but everybody is always very nice and the sushi is good. Their version of the spider roll, the Yami roll is the best i have had anywhere.
1	Its hard to find good places to eat and/or party in this area...Please steer clear of this one.  We've went there before with about 5 minutes before opening, and they would not let us in and chill with a drink.  Guess you don't want money?  Additionally, the food is far from authentic or properly prepared.Fun story.  We sat at the bar once just to have some saki-bombs, there was a fancy bottle of whiskey displayed that I thought I would try...Why not?  It was my birthday and I wasn't driving.  He poured what was left of the almost empty bottle for me in a shot glass...It was dish water/swill that the owners had put in the bottle over time to dilute it and reduce having to buy another bottle.  (Since rarely would people purchase expensive whiskey)  I almost puked.  They realized that I noticed and replaced it immediately with beat red faces.  LOLZ.  Drive further (out of Tolleson) for better Sushi/tempan.
1	Love sushi so I decided to try this place out. Sad to say it was definitely disappointing and a waste of money. Yuck.
5	Went to dinner with friends and had a great dinner. The waiter was Michael and he did a great job. The cook was very good and so was the food. Very large portions. We will go back.
5	It's been a while since we have been here.  Food was amazing best teppan we have had. A bit pricey but worth it.
4	the food was okay it's so Americanize , place was ok , the minus just : took so long to get my food music was mehhhh.  I prefer something soft not like having a dinner at the heavy metal concert lol service  was ok .  rice came early bfor our meal come overall  it was a  good meal
4	Years ago, when we first moved to Phoenix there was an Ichi Ban on the corner of Southern and Rural.  It was THE sushi joint.   Fast forward as I'm driving down the street and to my surprise I stumble across this gem.   Ichi Ban also has great sushi and great service.   It's family owned.   I think this is their only location these days, but if you are looking for great sushi - you must GO!
