2	As I have fibro and OA, was interested. However, when I called to find out if they accepted any insurance, the RUDE and UNPROFESSIONAL guy on the phone said I was asking the wrong question. Then he asked me what I had. Then how long. It was clear what was coming--the standard "You're miserable, so you should be willing to pay ANYTHING to come to us." I will NOT go there at all because it's clear they do NOT value patients. Their attitude is all wrong. When someone asks a question, give a respectful, honest answer. I would have been FINE with, "We don't accept insurance. However, for an initial consultation of x minutes, the charge is $y." That's being professional and honest.I do NOT for one minute believe these people will do anything other than take your money and do nothing you can't get elsewhere. IF they were really good, they'd treat you with respect and be honest.Fellow sufferers, many of us are disabled with VERY limited incomes and we've spent THOUSANDS out of pocket in search of help which simply is not there. I'd avoid this place.He just star 69ed and started the sales pitch. This is not a professional organization.
5	I saw the other review and I felt bad she had a bad experience. I have been on the protocol of Liquid CMO for about 2 months and it is changing my life. After suffering with fibromyalgia for 23 years and at the end of my ropes I went to this very new and bare office thinking it was a scam, but followed through in desperation. I have to say it is working. I went from being almost bed-ridden to my children wondering who this new person is. I have been shopping , driving, and even went dancing last week. Things I seldom did with others and never alone. I went from a 23 to a 71 out of 100 for a functioning score. I will let the clinic know of this review so they can modify how they answer your question. I think in the excitement of  proven success a bit of it may have gone array in your phone call. P.S. The office visit and the CMO was very reasonable and affordable.
2	I have been looking for a doctor to help me with my fibro.  I am new to the area and trying to do research of where to go.  Wasn't very many reviews on this center so I figured I would take my chances.  The center was able to get me in the same week.  I waited 1 1/2 hours to see the doctor after my schedule appointment time.  I was with the doctor for 2 hours going over my history and symptoms. He put me on their "protocol" for fibro.  I was to start a gluten-free, dairy-free diet and start several supplements along with the CMO.  I was planning on spending $200 because the CMO was $150 and reviews seemed to be promising.  I ended up spending $429 on the supplements and visit. I was charged $479 on my credit card.  When I questioned the office he told me that he would credit back the $50 and wasn't sure why it charged that....hmmm.  That seemed pretty fishy to me.  After a few days the credit still didn't appear.  I called and questioned them again.  He told me that it would take up to two weeks to process and that he would call his Quickbooks support and find out.  I begun to believe that it was fishy.  Now it has been two weeks and nope still no credit.  I had to file a complaint with my credit card company.As far as the supplements and diet helping with my fibro, I have not noticed any difference.  It has only been two weeks and I was told it would be one to two months before noticing changes.  I will update on whether or not the "protocol" works.  I will not be going back for a follow up because if they are going to try and rip me off once they will do it again.  I will get my supplements from a health food store and order the CMO online if I notice a difference.
