3	It's a standard grocery store. Within walking distance of my house, so that is a big plus. I wish they had a better selection of fresh seafood, but really not to be expected. Staff is extremely friendly and always courteous. Almost forgot...they have a great selection of wine!!
3	I typically shop at the Summit location, but I also come to this Safeway a few times a month. The location is great, in the DC Ranch Marketplace shopping center near Thompson Peak/Pima intersection. If you are driving north on Pima, there's a little turn off that goes directly to the Safeway.Overall the store selection is great, but I have to agree with Joshua C. on the seafood selection. I went in two weeks ago looking for halibut and they didn't have any! This store has a Starbucks and a cafe inside, which is a plus. There are also huge Goodwill bins in the parking lot if you're looking to donate old clothes/toys.
5	Like you care, but this is where I do my grocery shopping. But you should care...you know why?Because Safeway, this Safeway in particular, is full of old people.And why is that important?It's not.Except for when there's only you and one of them headed for that open checkout stand.Never a wait.Not here.
4	I work near the area sometimes and I come here for lunch or Starbucks. I find Safeway in general to be staffed with friendly people, and this location is definitely so.They never have any long lines, and there's little tables to sit down at which is perfect for when I only have a short break. I either get a primo taglio sandwich or something from the deli.They also carry a lot of wine and premium cheese.
3	This is the Safeway that I usually go to since it is nearest my home. The products are typical Safeway. The seafood selection is kinda slim. The meat does not look fresh or healthy. Other than that they have all the staples that you need at around the same prices as Frys and Bashas. The Wine Selection is much better than Frys and Bashas but not as good as AJ's or Total Wine.The employees for the most part are very friendly. Some who are exceptional are: Ciara who is usually at the registerDeb from bakery That military girl from the bakery (wish I knew her name,  Around 5'7, slim, maybe mid/late 20s) MaryAnn from Starbucks (she is a doll!)They are probably some of the friendliest retail workers that I ever came across and the primary reason that I always come back. There are a few others that are really nice, an older guy that is often sweeping or collecting the carts always have the brightest smile on his face as well. On the other hand Alex from Deli has an attitude and does not seem to want to be there. One of the guys I assume is a manager (5'9ish, darker skin, maybe in his mid-30s) always seems to be scolding at everyone. A customer should not be hearing a manager practically yelling at his employees. I can only imagine what he says/does when customers are not present! Also the woman at the bakery (5'6ish, speaks with a foreign accent) needs to go! Saw her hide behind the counter and stick her middle finger out at a customer. Also saw her pick up a package of cookies that a customer dropped on the floor and put them out as samples even after they touched the floor! How is that not a health violation? Jennifer always seem to be in a rush and needs to smile more. I do not know if she is just overworked but a smile goes a long way in retail.Another complaint is that if you need any help with wine expect to wait over 10 minutes for any assistance. They need to hire someone who is there full time instead of trying to track down somebody who *might* be able to help (they usually are clueless about the product anyway and can do nothing more than read the label and try assist you.)Overall I give it three stars. Room for improvement but the good people mentioned above and the solid quality of products makes me go back.
4	Nicest Safeway in town.  Great selection.  I'm still baffled why my wife will drive the extra miles to go to the Pinnacle & Scottsdale one instead.
1	I can no longer support this safeway. The manager (I think?--middle eastern guy in his 30s?) scolds at his employees in public. I don't know if they deserve it or not but pleAse keep it behind doors! A customer should not have to hear it. Also saw people protest near the store against this particular safeway because of how they treat employees (apparently not so well).
