4	Funny, but not too funny. Weak drinks. Marino's dresses are amazing. The lip synching is off. But the male dancers? Gorgeous men without shirts in sexy pants? Oh yeah...
5	This was my first Vegas show and it was a riot! Frank Marino had everyone laughing from beginning to end with raunchy jokes and funny stories! The performers were amazing. The costumes were amazing. I could really feel the energy the performers were putting forth.  There was a little something for everyone, my favorite was Briney Spears and a funny parody of Beyonce's Single Ladies. What I really liked the most about this show is that people of all ages  seemed to be enjoying themselves and having a great time.The BEST part of the show?? The sexy dancers that were nearly half naked... enough said! I would absolutely see this show again!
5	I-LOVE-THIS-SHOW!!!!!!!! Frank Marino was so funny and all her/his performers were spot on with all the "DIVAS" they were portraying! I don't even wanna ask where their "goods" were tucked. HAHA. Although I can only imagine.All my friends (straight and gay; men and women) totally enjoyed it. We were laughing throughout the hour show...how could we have not?! Frank Marino was hilarious dissing all these "Divas" and his outfit changes were so beautiful ---- I wanna be Frank Marino so, I can wear all the gorgeous fashions!!!!!!!!!If you want entertainment and straight up fun (no pun intended) then, you've found it in this show =)
5	Frank.......you really are aging like a fine wine baby! I remember Frank's show "La Cage" at the Riviera as a fun show. This new location at the Imperial Palace is far superior to the old locale.  The size of the stage and theater seems to highlight the glamour and production values. Divas is fast paced with great dancing & mostly spot on impersonations. Britney Spears is better than the real thing. Frank is fab as always. Unbelievable costumes. We should all look that good "girls". This is a show I can take my out of town guests to that doesn't break the budget and offers a good time for all. Look for discounts and make it even more reasonable. Go see!
5	This show was awesome!!!  Frank Marino was phenomenal.  My cousin and I enjoyed the show so much we were talking about it all night.
3	I enjoyed the show, but to be honest, it's not my cup of tea.On a "Diva" level, Frank Marino certainly fits the bill. Each time he came out in between acts, he was wearing a different gown and he completely rocked them. He definitely knows how to run the show and keep things moving. I found a couple of his jokes to be a little crude, but overall he is very funny and entertaining.As for the performances, most of them were brilliant impersonations. I thought the Mariah Carey was a little bland, but the Celine Dion, Liza Minelli, and Tina Turner were spot on (just to name a few that stood out in memory). The problem for me is that although they are all pretty good at what they do, it started to get a little tired about two-thirds of the way through.On a final note, I absolutely loved "What Makes a Man a Man." In a show full of laughs, this one brought some emotional gravity to anchor it all down. By itself, that final song almost brought me up to four stars. Almost.
4	Thank you Houseseats.com for allowing me to see this awesome Vegas show. Did you know this show has been on for 25 years? Hell.... most hotels in Vegas are torn down around that point. Anyway, the show was funny and very well choreographed. Many of the performers did a very good job of pulling off the person they were impersonating such as.....Liza Minelli and Cher.
5	We have been going to Las Vegas since 1973 and have seen Frank at the La Cage for years.  We were in Las Vegas three weeks ago and got to catch his new show DIVA'S at the Imperial Palace.  Frank's show has always been entertaining but not it is better than ever!  What costumes?  What a show!  He has added the "boys in their skimmy outfits" was is good.   Long Live Frank Marino and his show!  How many other Las Vegas stars has performed for as many years as Frank?  NONE !  Night after night he performs.  He is backed by a great cast of performers.  The entire show is very entertaining.  Thanks for keeping the memories of all the Divas alive!
4	Loved this show!! Would recommend.
5	Great show room experience. Great lighting and fantastic timeing.  This show is well worth the money.  It was an over all excellent experience and should be experienced.  The room is very old school, get a box seat and you will have a booth to yourself.  The final number is worth the wait and is so caberet at its best.  Gowns Fab, dancers good, lighting great!  Should run forever!
4	This show is DIVA-licious!Frank Marino brought all the divas to us. Madonna. Gaga. Beyonce. Cher. Dolly. Diana. Tina. You name it, she was there. Ooooh, girl, and the crowd. There was a young woman in her early twenties crying with excitement to see the Brittney impersonator (and for the record, he killed it... he also was blowing kisses at my boyfriend which only made me slightly nervous because he was so damned sexy as Ms. Spears). Oh, and the older ladies seated in front of me? I'm still convinced they really believed that was Tina Turner. The divas had me dancing in my seat with my arm around the older gentleman seated next to me. That man and I laughed and cried together and, at one point, had runaway feathers all over us. My favorite part of the night was when my new friend would turn to me and exclaim, "My God, that looks just like Liza!" And you know what? It did. The next time you're in Vegas, you have to see this show. If you're anything like me, you'll turn to your boyfriend and excitedly shout, "Who knew I loved Cher this much?!" What can I say? I heart drag queens, the historians of pop culture. Oh, and the ballad at the end, "What Makes a Man a Man?" Heartfelt and incredibly touching. My new friend and I were crying our eyes out.
2	Normally I love a good drag show..but this was not good. Frank was out with gallbladder surgery so they had a bunch of replacements that did not do any better than Freezone's drag show..at least there some of them actually sing. This was all lip sync'd..which is fine.I was bummed that I didn't get to see Frank but I am over it.LOLWe did order a $25 bottle of Asti which was a nice way to start the evening before heading over to The Bank.
5	I loved this show! I'm definitely taking my friends to see it when we go to Vegas in a couple months. It was funny, I didn't get tired or fall asleep (a big bonus!-it's usual for me during lame shows), and the atmosphere was fun and energetic. I laughed the whole time and so did my family. The Goods: -After we bought tickets we found a coupon offering them for less and the manager (not the register guy) refunded me my money and rang them up again under the cheaper price (ended up being less than $40 each!)-it took $20 for our group to snag a very comfortable booth (and then the mate-tre-dee bought me my 2nd drink, ooh-la-la! )-The performers were fun, chill, looked & performed GREAT, and were all very interactive with the audienceI was so very pleased, go see it you'll have a good time!
5	This was a great show, much better than the drag shows here in San Francisco. Frank Marino is an icon, and headliner for a reason, he's funny, and keeps the show moving.  The shows production is very good, and the theater is very intimate. We got a booth that was very comfortable, and the waitresses were very nice.  All the impersonations were great. Stand outs would be Celine, Madonna, Liza, Lady Gaga, Whitney, Diana Ross, Bette, and Dolly Parton. The backup dancer boys were HOT. This show was totally worth it.  We will totally be back.
4	I saw this divalicious show this weekend, I have seen drag shows before, but I knew them so the experience was different. We arrive at the theater and was surprised to see how cozy and comfortable the venue was. Once the show started, the set was incredible. Frank Marino's Divas Las Vegas was fantastic. I saw the likes of Tina Turner, Liza Minnelli, Brittney Spears, (who I thought for a second they were trying to pass a woman off as a man in drag, That is how amazing he was) Celine Deon, (who was also amazing) Diana Ross, Whitney Huston, Tina Turner, Cher, Lady Gaga, Dolly Parton, Madonna, and Bette Midler. Those I remember. I love, love, loved it. The dancers were awesome. Frank Marino had so many fantastic costume changes and was so very funny. He did Joan Rivers as well. All the costumes were amazing! I loved them. This is one not to be missed. I enjoyed it completely. Truly a drag show to see! The end scene with the man change was incredible. See it!!
5	Excellent show!!  Frank and the ladies are incredible.  We sat in the VIP section but I'm sure the cheaper seats are fine.  The only bummer is that the audience wasn't into it at the show we went to which sucked some of the life out of the place.Also, don't bother going through the discount ticket agencies!!!!  We thought we'd save a few bucks buying tickets over the phone but we still had to go to the location on the Strip to pick up "vouchers" which we then had to turn in at the Imperial Palace for tickets!!  If we had used a coupon in a magazine and bought the tickets directly from the I.P. we would have saved taxi money and lots of time and aggravation.
4	We got tickets last weekend from House Seats. The show was A LOT of fun! Frank's opening stand-up was pretty funny. After that there were a dozen plus numbers where female impersonators performed as well-known singers. (Celine, Madonna, Tina, Cher, Liza, etc.). There was really good energy, and I really enjoyed the show.My favorite part was What Makes a Man a Man, where the performer began as a drag queen and transformed into a man. The lyrics were very powerful and really made you think. Before the show, I heard a couple waiting in line for the show talking about "faggots" and "who was the pitcher and who was the catcher". I hope they regretted their comments after seeing this number.My wife wasn't feeling well and actually slept through most of the show (though it was quite loud in there). I know she would love the show, so I hope to go again with her soon.
5	Amazing production plain and simple. You get to see so many stars in one show and the music and dancers make for a wonderful evening. The theater is cozy and has full drink services. If your super uptight or conservative you might be in for a shocker but everyone is the audience was cheering and laughing.
5	This show is so upbeat and fun! My favorite was Brittany Spears, he really looked amazing! This is well worth seeing. I saw it for free but it is so worth the money.
5	No faux pas in this modern take on La Cage Aux Faux.I've seen this show 3 times now and it's always current, fun, and amazing.  These 'ladies' are amazingly talented and entertaining (they don't always go hand in hand).Frank Marino is a fabulous hostess/MC, the flow of the show is on target and the makeup and costumes are out of this world.I can see this show over and over because I know each time there will be something fresh and new added to the performances.A must see.
4	This show was absolutely amazing. Of course, this is the first time to see a drag queen show on the strip. So I was very skeptic about, what to expect. But quite honestly, its no different then any other amazing shows out there. It has its own twist on putting a smile on your face, making sure you are enjoying yourself and the show was beyond amazing. They are here to entertain you, and that, they did. Located in Imperial Palace, the theater itself was a nice setting. A bit uneasy with the fact that the seating was more like a picnic style sitting then an actual row sitting. But from the looks of the show, it was kind of appropriate in a way. They did have booth sitting, which I thought was kind of odd with picnic table sitting. But, it sort of made sense in the end. Now the tables were cloth covered, and very nicely set up. Just didn't like keeping my head over my right shoulder, majority of the time. It was a good view, I did like where we were seated. I'm sure where ever you sit, will be a good view. Its not as big as some theaters, but at least your able to see the faces clearly. Unlike some theaters where you sit in the back, that the performer looks like a size of an action figure from far away. A bit bummed with the fact that Frank Marino wasn't hosting. But Bill Keith on the other hand, who hosted for Frank, did not disappoint. He was very entertaining and funny. He made the audience laugh through out the show. The performers themselves, which is sometimes unbelievable how close these performers look so much like the actual performers. Of course, they didn't disappoint the crowd either. Even though, I really don't think that they were really singing. Sometimes they do make me wonder if they really are singing, with a voice changer, to make them sound like the real thing. But either way, they were right on que with their performance. There were times that I was laughing a lot, there were time that I smiled a lot. Overall, I did enjoy watching these people entertain us to the best of their knowledge. They do come down off stage to great people. They even perform in the middle of the room. Which gives me a better understanding with the picnic style sitting. It was very nice to see that they take advantage of the layout of the theater. Overall, its probably the best drag queen show on the strip right now. If your looking for a good drag queen show, then this is one of those shows I would recommend. Its nice to sit up close, but I believe sitting is good anywhere. Even after the show, you'll be able to meet and greet some of these performers. Totally Amazing!!!Also, just a heads up, unfortunately we missed out, but this is one of those shows where YOU CAN TAKE PICTURES.  We thought, its a vegas show, that we're use to not bringing the camera. Next time, I'm bringing the camera.  Still no video or audio, but cameras are acceptable.
2	Want to see people change clothes??The actors in this show look very much like the women they portray on stage.  Besides that, I can't really say anything positive about this drag show.  The actors lip synch and move about the stage the entire show in their respective costumes.  I would have liked it much more if they were actually singing too.  Frank Marino, the host is comfortable on stage and charismatic, but his stale jokes feel used up and done to death.  They should really update some of the material, and consider adding some singing to the show.  I was very bored watching a group of actors wearing different outfits and lip synching.  I wouldn't recommend this show.  You like Celine or Cher?  Chances are they're in town, go see them.
4	Thanks to Yelp seats we got tickets for half price.  Such a great deal, and a wonderful show.  Although Frank Marino wasn't there, we had a great host, Brian Keith.  His jokes were spot on and I enjoyed that he talked to and walked around the audience.  I really felt like we got a personal show because of the interaction between him and the audience.  Between every song he would come out in another fabulous gown and make jokes.  I really think he was the best part.  The songs were good too, my favorites being Cher, Liza, Bette, and Madonna.  The Beyonce was funny and Tina Turner was full of energy.  (Same person)  I wish they had actually used their voices instead of just a track but it was still very entertaining.  Near the end of the show there was a song about what makes a man a man.  It was quite a moving piece.  Reading other reviews I wish I had a chance to see Lady Gaga, Britney and Joan Rivers.  I did like that at the end when Brian had to hawk some stuff like tee shirts and a programs that Frank Marino donated all the proceeds from the tee shirts to Make a Wish Foundation.  I would love to go back to see this show and I think it would be a great one to take guests to when they visit.  It feels like the real Vegas experience.  I probably won't bother with VIP seating though.  The theater is small and intimate and there doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  Plus the VIP doesn't include anything.  They do have beverage servers hence the odd table set ups.  They even had a gal going around selling souvenirs and snacks.  They open the doors forty-five minutes early so you can get your drink on.  I almost want some out-of-towners to come visit me so I can go check it out again soon.
3	Uhummm What can I say? We got free tickets for this show. Definitely interesting and good to see once if you are staying longer in Vegas and are looking for some "weird entertainment". I was bummed that the imitators don't sing live and just lip sing. It makes the whole show super cheesy. The male imitators with their thick legs and heavy makeup look a little scary from close by. The dancers are really good though and make the show more interesting. Probably wouldn't watch it again. Once was enough. In my opinion there are other and better things to explore in Vegas.
5	Okay, that was excellent. Go see it!
5	This show is really a treat!  I'm trying not to over-do it, but really all I can say is "Thank God for Frank Marino!" If you saw his show at the Riviera when it was La Cage,  some of the entertainers are the same, but the numbers have really been ramped up! Bigger stage, fantastic lighting and fabulous male dancers!  Frank Marino has taken control of the show and you simply must see it.A lot of my friends don't like "drag shows". This is NOT your ordinary drag show. It truly is great entertainment for everyone. Fast paced fun from beginning to end. They truly make you feel like you're watching the real stars! And these "gals" are stars in their own right!I just saw the show again last week and they've added Janet Jackson and Rhianna. The entire cast is amazing!  I live in Las Vegas and make it a point to take all my visiting friends and family to see it, so needless to say, I've been a few times. I always have a blast.The theater is old school vegas style, with tables and booths. Even in the back it's not a bad view. But if you pay a little more to get up front or get a coupon, that's even better! I think there's a deal out there right now with a free upgrade to VIP. You won't be disappointed. You may even see me there. I go a lot and love it each and every time. (Yes I'm a little obsessed with the show, but that's a good thing LOL).You can get your picture and an autograph with Frank after the show for free. If you buy a t-shirt (the program is free) or the Divas cookbook, then the proceeds go to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. The DVD is also a must have souvenir. I disagree with the others who are disappointed with the lip syncing. I think that's fabulous, you get to hear the real artist, and the entertainers make you believe you're looking at the real thing too! (besides the real Britney and Janet lip sync in their shows anyway).Go see it, you'll love it.
5	LADY GAGA!!!!!!!!!! JOAN RIVERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BRITNEY SPEARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!!!! Well Frank you did it. The show was extremely awesome. That made my night. RECOMMEND!!!!!!!
5	What a way to end out week long trip in Vegas! Awesome show! Very eclectic audience. You'll laugh and cheer. It's so fun!!
5	This show was one of the most amazing things I've ever seen.  1) Drag Joan Rivers making me laugh until my stomach hurts.2) Sassy divas performing to all of my favorite guilty pleasure songs--Cher, Madonna, Britney, Liza, Bette, Diana, Dolly, Gaga and so on...excellent.3)Those dancing boys...oh my short shorts, yes please.  Not only nice to look at for the most obvious reason, but also very interesting choreography and very skillful dancing.4) Giant free Mai Tai with the tickets we got online.If you're gonna go to a show, this one is great fun at a great price.
5	We are staying at the Bellagio and within walking distance is this show. We saw it when it was at another location in Vegas and loved it, but thought we go again.  It was worth every penny!  Omg. The impersonations of Janet Jackson and Rihanna were better there, than with the real people!For you guys who might be queezy about going to this show because it's "men" impersonating "women" don't be!  The audience is made up of ken with their dates or spouses and it's about great entertainment and pure class!
4	This is a great show!  Four stars only because of the cheesy location (Imperial Palace).  However, Frank and his co-stars are GREAT!!!  Some of the impersonators in drag are so good-others are just hilariously stupid, such as Beyonce.  OMG.  This is a VERY fun show, and Frank is a hoot! You can get really good deals anywhere on this show, so never pay full price.
5	Great show... would recommend to everyone... It has changed a little from the original show when he was downtown but it was still an amazing show... Costumes were beautiful and the resemblances the the star was to a t.... loved this show
5	Best show in Vegas. I saw it twice.
5	I'm going to preface this review by saying I got free tickets to see this in Vegas this month. However...that in no way is going to skew my review of this show. Jubilee at Bally's and Frank Marino's Divas Las Vegas are truly two of the only great, classic Vegas type shows left. Don't get me wrong, I love me some Cirque du Soleil but it's nice to see something that really has that flashy, Vegas feel.Frank Marino is positively hilarious. I'll shamefully admit it, I was already a fan of him from his appearance on Millionaire Matchmaker but he will make you "lol" your pants off with his dirty, Joan Riversesque sense of humor. Some of the performers will have you doing double takes because they look so much like (or in some cases, better than) the celebs they're impersonating. Some of them also have a little more gusto in their performances than others but still, they all are extremely entertaining to watch.Previous reviewers mentioned not being squirmish about watching men perform as women and I couldn't agree more. It's just an entertaining and light hearted show. Our table was made up of a Muslim couple, a rather conservative looking couple from the South and a couple about the age of my grandparents and they all equally enjoyed in.A tip: Get as close to the front of a table as you can (if you have a booth you wont have much of a choice) for the best view. Warning though you will be in tight quarters with those around you. The Imperial Palace (or Sticky Palace as I fondly refer to it as) really needs to update the venue for this show because the Elks Lodge like chairs and folding tables just dont quite match with the vibe of this show. If you're looking for a great show to catch when you're in Vegas...definitely recommend this one!
5	OMG, you HAVE to see this show!!!!!-Giant free Mai Thai if you order tickets with a coupon (they're everywhere)-Sassy drag queens singing the greatest hits-Drag Joan Rivers?  Amazing-Hilarious comedy-Amazing dance numbers-Hot backup dancersWhat more can you ask for?  This show is fantastic.  Tickets are inexpensive (unlike a lot of Vegas), the audience is fun and you can let your hair down for a few hours.
4	We loved it! What a great show! I got a discount on TravelZoo for the tickets. So definitely check that out to save some $$. Met Frank afterwards and what an amazing person.
3	This was a fun show. Joan Crawford (Frank Marino) was really entertaining and many of the other queens pulled off good performances. Every one of the male dancers was talented, which was engaging.  I really liked the act where one of the queens takes off all the makeup and costume and turns back into a man - very cool!  The queens all come out to the lobby after the show for photo ops, too, which is fun.  The only drawback is the location. The Imperial Palace is literally hidden behind another casino and the theater is a bit abused and in need of refurbishing.
4	We had the hardest time finding the entrance to imperial palace with all the construction going on, but after walking around in circles, we finally found it!! This show was definitely very interesting! It was a good show and worth seeing at least once. I wouldn't mind seeing it again though. Some of the impersonators were awesome! I gotta give a big applause to Madonna and Cher... and Whitney Houston too- they pulled off the looks pretty good. However, Beyonce's impersonator was one of my favorites... the tits and ass and knocking down the other dancers was pretty funny. There was one part where one of the 'impersonator' takes off makeup/wig/dress and turns into a dude... That was really neat. I was just surprised at how good he looked as a woman, and then all of the sudden... bam, he's a dude! He had some nice curves and a nice ass as a women though! lol.
4	I had a good time at the show.  I thought Rihanna/Janet Jackson was spot on.  She gave an amazing performance.  I would've like to see more energetic shows from some of the performers or maybe a medley of songs rather than one whole song.
4	Hilarious!We were seated right by the stage and had bottle service (which is just brilliant, if you ask me). Frank had about 10 costume changes throughout the show - each dress more elaborate than the last. He's a great comedian and even my Russian-speaking (mostly) parents enjoyed his humor. The rest of the show is just as entertaining - brings back great songs and parodies by the best DIVAS of Las Vegas :)So fight the smokey casino to get upstairs to the show, you won't regret it.
4	Divas is a Vegas drag show for a diverse audience. Its like a cleaned up version of the usual drag show you'd find elsewhere. A little, sometimes naughty, humor from Frank between acts is quite funny, but outdated. We saw him on Millionaire Matchmaker and were excited to see him live. We got half price tickets which are easy to find in Vegas.The performances were all really good and some were excellent. Most of them were totally believable as the real celebrity, not just women in general. Really cool. I love drag and hoped for a little more audience interaction and dancing, but I could see that it was drag for more mainstream. Kudos to Frank and his crew for appealing to such a diverse audience. A lot of conservative looking people in the crowd and everyone seemed to be having a great time.The impersonations were spot on and really entertaining. Great evening. Its no wonder he's the longest running show. Very entertaining and pleasant way to spend the night. But, as I'm sure its the same show every night, I wouldn't need to see it again unless I was going with friends that hadn't seen it yet.
5	The show was amazing!!! Totally enjoyed!!!  The impersonators were wonderful and the dancers were great.  Frank Marino was witty, funny, and super entertaining.  Oh and the outfit changes...love it. ;o)
5	Great show! Awesome military discount! Can't wait to go back with my girlfriends!
4	I was pleasantly surprised. It was actually a really great time. Like some of the other reviewers I wish that Frank himself played more a part in the show than just the emcee. Favorites were Britney Spears and Janet Jackson, both of whom were pretty identical (though we were sitting towards the back and had had a few drinks!). I loved how the show is super philanthropic with its merchandising--can't say the same for much of the Vegas strip. I would go again.
2	I was so excited to see this show.  I thought I was going to have a blast and I couldn't wait to see the performers work it on stage.  But unfortunately, the show fell flat for me.I have to admit that I started off on the wrong foot by sitting in the absolute worst seat in the theater: the very last booth, in the very back of the theater, on the very left side, with my back to the stage so that I had to turn at a weird angle to see what was going on.  And it was hard to see what was going on since I was so unbelievably far away from everything.  Do not pay for seats here.  It really isn't even worth $5.As for the show, it was entertaining at first but then got old.  Here's the show: Frank as Joan Rivers comes out in a costume, says a joke about the costume, introduces the next performer, they come out and dance and lip sync to a song, back to Frank in a new costume...  I do have to give credit to the performers- they were all amazing.  Some that stuck out in particular were Britney Spears/ Lady Gaga (same person), Cher, Liza, and Madonna.  And as everyone else has said, the last performance is very moving.The lip syncing is a bit of a bummer but not the end of the world.  I did find it odd that after every performance there was a lot of canned applause on the track, like they were cueing us do to the same.How do I think this show can improve?  First of all, get rid of those god-awful seats in the back (which I know will never happen).  Second, cut a couple of the performances and give the more popular ones two.  Third, change up the show!  Maybe have Joan "interview" some of the Divas?  I think that would be fun and a nice change of pace.Hopefully they'll change up the show soon.  Until then, I really can't recommend it.
5	So. Much. Fun. Get tickets. Get them right now. "if you love me, tell all your friends. If you hated me, tell all your enemies you LOVED me and screw em out of a buck"!! ~Frank MarinoPictures welcome, cheap tix, drink included, sassy queen...do yourself a favor and see this show.
5	LOVED this show! We bought our tickets like 10 mins before the show started and I was so happy they still had some left because i had heard good things about the show. Frank was great--so funny and engaging. The acts were great--some were serious, some more making fun of celebrities in a cute way. Those guys are so talented! And the dancers were awesome and so adorable! Britney Spears was the best impersonation! I would highly recommend going, totally worth it!
5	Excellent show! The only down side was the gentleman that sat across from us was dragged there by his wife and was complaining most of the time. I thought my husband was planning to tell him to leave. We had great seats which we got buy one get one.Enjoyed the whole show. Cher/Celine, Brittany, Madonna, Gaga, Bette all stand outs. And of course Frank/Joan. Loved the closer as well.Go see this show if you have an open mind, stay home and don't spoil it for others if you don't.I recommend the Signature drink the Diva, looks like water but isn't and taste great!
2	Ok show. Before the end of the show, he will sell his dvd and it takes a while. Some people started to go out, to use the bathroom and he said something bad about it. I think thats not good.
4	Hilarious!!! Frank Marino as Joan Rivers is Awesome!!! Looks and sounds just like her and the comedy adds just that little pinch to make it amazing. The stage, lightening and presentation were amazing. The length of the show was perfect, not too drawn out and not too short leaving you wondering why you spent all that money. I loved athe entire show except the sketch for "Beyonce" I would leave that out of the show if I were Frank. It didn't replicate the way she presents herself in any way shape or form..more of a "make fun" approach. The table positioning could use some work since some of the tables are facing sideways to where if you want to sit comfortably in your seat, you'll be watching the wall instead of the show. The seats are also crammed together so doesn't leaving much laughing room. I would definitely recommend the show to anyone who loves to laugh and enjoys great music!! I will definitely be going back!!
5	I absolutely loved this show. Frank Marino puts on a hell of a show!! We had great seats, and enjoyed every bit of it.  I would highly recommend this show if you are looking to have a good time... you must have an open mind!What I liked the most is that after the show Frank Marino actually goes out and wants to meet people and sign autographs.  Even though he's selling his merchandise, he makes himself very available to the fans that have come to see him.
5	My friends and I went  to this show not knowing what to expect, but really had an awesome time.  I'm usually not big on celebrity impersonators (or celebrities for that matter), but this show was a lot of fun.  Frank Marino's wit and jokes were always right on and well-timed, and he has some great costumes.  The female impersonators did a great job and the show was well choreographed.  Of course, we can't forget about the male dancers who are 1) hot!  and 2) great at dancing.  I suspect their true purpose is to distract you a bit so that you don't get too preoccupied comparing the impersonators to the real thing.Definitely a great night out and would go back again.
5	I wanted came to watch this show because it was cheap and not like any other show on the strip but i've seen drag shows before so I know how it goes. This is located in the Imperial Palace showroom and it just doesn't  do much justice for this show. ***I suggest to Harrah's Entertainment that they should just put Holly Madison's Peepshow here and put the Diva's Show in Planet Hollywood.I think those shows would fit in both of those hotels. Don't you think so?The seating is pretty much like old school Vegas, the same with the Flamingo and Bally's showrooms but this was in need of a overhaul with the smell of 70's from the walls and chairs you would expect to find in a community center. But that didn't bother me throughout the show because it was just hilarious and very entertaining and I so got my money's worth. Celebrity Impersonators consist of:Tina TurnerWhitney HoustonMadonnaCeline DionCherLady GagaMariah CareyBette MidlerLiza Minnelli Brittney SpearsRhiannaKaty PerryAlso the one and only host Frank Marino as Joan Rivers. He was fun to watch during the show between each performance but his jokes need some work and need to get with the times. The background dancers were fun to watch and the closing was such a tear jerker.
5	So much fun! What an awesome late night show. It's held in a showroom so the seating is at tables and the production value was better than what I expected. The performers were great as was the costume and lighting. We had free tickets but I certainly would have paid to see the show!
3	Everyone else enjoyed it, so I guess I'm on my own.  It was just OK.  It went too long for my tastes, so my friend and I ditched out after an hour and change.  I think it was close to over, but we had seen enough lip syncing for a night.
4	Had a great time. Show was nice MC was pretty funny. Would see again if someone wanted to go.
4	Very much enjoyed this show! I was planning to purchase tickets for some time, but was able to get a great deal from TravelZoo. We booked two tickets in a four-seat booth and didn't have to share with anyone, as the house wasn't sold out, (we were the only people in House-left, Section B). Drinks are relatively expensive -- 2 sodas for $12 -- but the girls were incredible. As were the troupe of buff male dancers who worked their asses off throughout the night. So good that we bought the DVD for $25 on the way out. Highly recommended!
5	Loved it! Great music, dancing, jokes. Would come again if I ever get back to Vegas. Entertaining from beginning to end. A big plus that they team up with the Make a Wish foundation and donate sales from merchandise to this great charity!
5	Great show! So much fun on so many levels, and the ladies were beautiful. I have a terrible voice so I never sing in public, but the songs were so much fun and the energy was so intoxicating I found myself singing along to every song! So much fun!!
4	Saw the 2130 show Saturday February 16th. Show started 15 minutes late but Frank and his "girls" made the show very fun and entertaining. I paid $15 on groupon, sat in the back but was worth the price. Only reason why this place didn't get a 5 is the lack of waiters/waitress. The show is 1.5 hours long and I didn't get helped a little over an hour into the show. Great show, price and highly recommended. Also the only show in Vegas that allows to take pictures during the show. Proceeds of the show go to the make a wish foundation
5	Absolutely, positively one of the best shows I've watched in Vegas. This show will make you laugh until you are in tears! The show includes the best female impersonators in the world. Frank's comedic introductions and endless wardrobe changes give the show a unique spin and keeps the audience on the edge of their seats wanting more.This show is great for everyone! Straight, gay, lesbian, bi, or transgendered everyone will appreciate what this show has in store. Hot female impersonators, hot male dancers, and jokes that will make you ROFL this is a classic Vegas show that everyone must see at least once. The show changes every 2 weeks, so it's one of those shows that you can watch every time you come to Vegas. It's also the main reason why the cast does not mind audience members taking pictures throughout the show so they can share the joy with their family and friends. That being said, pictures certainly don't do it justice...it's a must see, that you have to see in person.
3	So I went to this show last month and let me tell you, it is hilarious. Very good scripts. BUT horrible seating arrangements! And promotions of free tickets to this show definitely not true.The Bad:After a show I went to see at The Quad(where I stayed at) they were giving "free tickets"to the Diva Show. So me and my boyfriend said why not if its free. So we went to redeem our tickets at the ticket stand and that is when they "informed" us that they were not free that the brochure was a discount for the general area only(way back of the theater). So we decided to get them anyways and each came out to be about $16 (original price $36). So the show started at 9 and we got there 15 minutes prior to when the show started just to find out we were sitting in the back in a super small table meant to seat only four people, squished in with 6 chairs.So there was two couples there already sitting in our seat and when we got seated got upset cause they were asked to move. And to top it of not to sound mean but they were big and made me and my boyfriend literally sit on the outside of the table because that is how small this freaking tables were. They should rearrange how they seat people because it is very uncomfortable. I looked around the theater and you could see how people had to sit literally our of the table (in the walkway).The Good:One of the only shows in Vegas that lets you take pictures of the show. Great update jokes. And Frank Marino does an awesome job grilling into every topic. The performers well all great but my favorite one was Celine Dion! The performer pin point the looks, the attitude, and everything else. My least favorite was Rihanna just because I was expecting much better. But great fancy decor on stage and great lighting. Love it. Great sound. I would definitely say go watch it!!!
5	Love love LOVE this show!! So hilarious! The impersonators did a great job and I seriously admire them for performing in the heels that they were. I kept saying how I can't even imagine myself trying to walk in them, let alone dance in them. (I'm very clumsy) We looked forward to what dress Frank Marino was going to come out in next because his dresses are seriously awesome! So sparkly and pretty. It is a great show and a must see! I'm ready to go again!
5	I loved the show! Hilarious and the ladies look amazing. Celine Dion, Britney Spears/Lady Gaga, and Janet Jackson were my favorites. I am sort of obsessed with drag queens and appreciate how much effort goes into impersonating us gals. My love for drag queens aside- I think it would be impossible to not have a good time at this show. I really liked how the performers came out after and allowed you to take pictures with them. I only wished that the Britney Spears impersonator had come out- I would have killed for a picture with her.
5	This was an amazing experience! So much fun. Lots of laughs and great song selections. I would hit it up again when I'm back in Vegas. Worth the money for sure!  Some people have complained about the seating arrangements but I thought it was fine.  My only issue was the drink service....we got one drink right before the show started and were never offered another one...
5	The show was really funny, and I had a great time. The queens have some on-point impersonations from the looks to the acts. Some queens did the pretty/fishy things, and some queens did comedy. It was very good mix of fishness and comedy. I really liked Mariah Carey and Liza Minnelli.
4	A super polished and fun drag show! I prefer more unique drag performers over celebrity impersonators, but it's Vegas!Coco from Rupaul's Drag Race was in the show. She was great! She did Janet Jackson! Frank's Schtick was a little tired!
3	I went here with my friends this past weekend because we were given free tickets. I thought the show was good but I don't think I would ever pay for it. It is a show where everyone is in drag and sings along to songs of famous stars. At our show we had Lady Gaga and Britney, among others. I liked the way it ended with a song about how you shouldn't judge others based on what they do. The dancing was good and the drinks I thought were priced very low for Vegas (which is always awesome to find). If you are a local or on vacation and want to try a new show out and want something to do one night this is a fun and cheap night out!
3	The show is ok. Venue could be better. The seats are awful. It's like tables and chairs like picnic tables. Very uncomfortable and poor visibility if you are seated at the end of the long table. The sound is awful too. The saving grace for this show are the pretty gowns the host was wearing. The impersonators are hit and miss. Some are good like Celine dion,shania twain, cher etc. Some are just boring and flat.
5	This show is a Las Vegas staple. Drag shows are good if they're done right and Divas is probably one of the best! This was my 3rd time seeing the show and it has adapted throughout the years accordingly to who's hot or not. Frank Marino's costume changes is always eye catching!  His jokes are to the point and BTW...the show supports numerous charities. As expected in a long running show, the place was packed and unpretentious. You are here to have great time and live a little  :) I took my first timer friends here and they were very pleased. We got our discounted tickets from Travel Zoo and were seated at a communal table. Perfect for us cause we met another friendly group seated in the same section. I recommend watching this show late Friday or Saturday night cause the crowd is more alive...(maybe after a little alcohol?)  This is not for everyone but let me remind you, you're in Vegas...let your guard down and appreciate shows like this that has helped Vegas the way it is!
5	Love this show! Probably the 5th time I've been!
4	What a nice surprise! I didn't realize that this was a singing show and since I love music, I was delighted when they started to sing! Frank Marino is more or less the host of the show, with various performers personating famous singers and lip synching to their songs. The show features music of Mariah Carey, Celine Dion, Cher, Diana Ross, Shirley Bassee, Lady Gaga, Beyonce, etc. All of the numbers were really fun to watch. Unquestionably though, my favorite number isn't an impersonation at all, but it is when an actor performing to 'What makes a man a man' song. What a moving, beautiful and penetrating performance to an intense and emotional song! I'm glad I finally made time to go see this awesome show!
5	I can't get enough of this show - I must have seen it like 10 times already.Basically this is one of the best shows on the Strip that you can go see. Definitely hilarious! I like the layout of the show, I love all the performances (OMG these men look exactly like the person they are performing as!!), and all those cute back-up dancers!They have a really good variety of impersonations (e.g., Bette Midler, Lady Gaga, Cher, Britney Spears, Liza Mennelli, and Joan Rivers in-between). They also have a "final performance" at the very end of the show with "What Makes A Man, A Man" and it is just wonderful.One of the best things about this show is that they take something each performer is well-known for and do a comedic caricature. It's entertaining but also gives a dash of comedy!Tip: This show is best enjoyed with alcohol ;)
4	came here with a group of girlfriends.  we had no idea what to expect but this show was so entertaining.  yes, the seating is kinda terrible if you're sitting at the long tables. you have to move and maneuver around the people in front of you to get a good view.  but once you do you're going to enjoy it.most of the acts and impersonations are pretty spot on.  if you weren't super close to the stage it might be hard to tell that they aren't the real thing.  they dance and lip song along to alot of the top hits by many of the divas.one of our faves was the celine dion act.  the performer was able to nail the look and even the mannerisms of her.  it was insane.come watch this show! (especially when you can get discounted tixs).
5	By far a great one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas.Didn't expect to be laughing out loud or singing along!I'm not sure what I expected when I booked the tickets to this show for a bachelorette party other than a good time. I was definitely surprised by the amount of showmanship that was displayed, but I guess I shouldn't expect any less when in Vegas. These amazing men look great as the women they are impersonating to the look, mannerisms and dance moves!The host was racy and funny, the dancers were all on point and had cute faces and rears...um yes there are leather chaps involved. hahaThere were many different artists from all eras and it was a great time for my girlfriends and I.*I do have to say the seating is sorta confusing if you book online (I booked with ticketmaster) so the 6 of us were all seated at different tables, but the usher quickly accommodated our seats and we all got to sit together. The seats are on vertical tables not horizontal like you'd typically think.
4	We got our tickets pretty cheap and despite not checking my tickets and coming on the wrong night we were still seated.Show was a lot of fun.Janet Jackson was hands down the best Diva overall with performance and likeness.  It would have been Brittany/Lady Gaga except her movements were extremely stiff to be imitating two of the biggest pop performers.  A lot of great performers Mariah/Liza, Celine/Cher were on point.  Whitney/Diana had some wardrobe malfunctions.But for the cost it was well worth it.
5	I bring all my tourist friends here because it's a BIG show on the Strip, a million bucks in costumes, some great laughs, and many WOW moments when the performers put in so much energy and heart.  My faves are Liza, Cher, Brittany, and the HOT costumes on those gorgeous dancers!!  I've seen this show six times and it's always a blast.  Love it!
4	This show was incredible. Not cheesy at all. Very well done and put together nicely. This show features males impersonating famous female singers. EVery 2 weeks they offer a new show, so I would definitely see this show again. There are also bits of comedy thrown in by the host who did a fantastic Joan Rivers. I was laughing out load the entire time, and at awe at some of the costumes. Let me tell you, they are pretty convincing females. They also allow you to take pictures which is fun. I loved the lady gaga, madonna, Brittany spears, liza, tina turner, cher, dolly parton etc. It was really a nice  selection of performers. I loved every minute of the show!!! The seating is a little weird but is all tiered so you dont have a problem seeing the stage. I would recommend this show to anyone going to las vegas. They also have a lot of ticket deals for this show.
3	Show was great! Cocktail servers only serve random tables and only ask people who look like tippers.
4	Value in Vegas?  So rare but so refreshing.  Found the tickets on Travelzoo for $30. Costumes were great & the performers put their heart into it. Lip synching and dancers were a little off but I lost count with the number of songs. Stage lacked pizzazz but overall my 20 something kids and I were very entertained. If you're burned out on dropping a fortune on a night out but want some fun, this is a good fit. Buckets of beers $16 & speciality drinks were 2/$12 making this a big win.
5	Fantastic! Fun, flirty, crude, and just a overall fun experience with a good cause!My fiance is actually the one who wanted to see a Las Vegas show - and as we looked online we kept coming across Frank Marinos Divas Las Vegas... I showed him the pictures online and described to him that it was a show of female impersonators...He's from the middle east and usually a little hesitant about things like this - but to my surprise he was all for it. We bough our tickets from the box office in the Quad Hotel and Casino ..and of course as it was a last minute trip we purchased the cheapest tickets they had. Upon arrival to the show there was a line in which we all took pictures with (Britney Spears) and then proceeded into the venue... Upon entering the venue our seats were upgraded and the house was packed! It was a fantastic show, very entertaining - my hubby even had a great time as he laughed and watched in amazement at these men who looked so beautiful and carried women persona's perfectly. At the end of the show there was a finale in which one of the men took off the wig, hair, and makeup...It was incredibly touching. After the show the dancers who were still full of energy along with all of the stars were outside to take pictures, sign autographs, and to sell items in which proceeds benefit the Make-A-Wish foundation. We could not have picked a better show to attend in Las Vegas - this was the real VEGAS EXPERIENCE!
4	Received 2 free tickets for the show (Love my mom for being a local) so I went out for an evening of fun. I would say this is my kind of event: drag queens, singing, and heavy makeup. Entering into the venue was a bit crazy, but it only took so long because everyone is given the chance to take a photo with a drag queen that performs in the show (which can later be purchased). I would recommend buying the photo just because it is memorabilia, but it really is a waste of money. When the real show started it was very engaging. I was a bit confused because the show is Frank Marino's, yet he wasn't hosting. I wish there had been some sort of disclaimer about that; not that I didn't love Brian Keith because he was amazing but some people may actually want to attend the show simply because Frank Marino's name is on it. Anyways, the performances were very good! All of them seemed extremely well choreographed and rehearsed. Lady Gaga/Madonna and Shania Twain/Katy Perry were by far the best, but all were great. Divas like Liza Minelli and Bette Midler didn't really seem to have a place, but that may be my own likeness of them especially considering their career peaks were before my time. I especially enjoyed a performance at the end (not sure if they do it all the time) but it was very captivating in that it was heartbreaking almost. Many people may not realize the struggle that drag queens face (transgender people more generally) because oftentimes they are presented as living glamorous lifestyles, but there is a struggle with acceptance. I appreciated a fun-loving show including that because it did leave a lasting impression.
5	I've seen the show 6 times and I'll see it again later this month. The impersonators and dancers are top-notch. The costumes are fantastic. The performances are spectacular. This is an adult show so get a babysitter for the kids and go have a good time. After the show, the impersonators and dancers are in the lobby. They are a great bunch of guys. Much love and much respect.
5	This is a fun, fantastic, exciting show with high class talent. It's raunchy and funny. It's full of talented dancers with impressive moves - some of those chorus boys could seriously be in ballet companies. The drag queens were amazing at making themselves look, act and move like the celebrities they were impersonating. The stars are not standoffish. They get right up to you for pictures and a "hello!" after the show. The last act is heartbreaking and beautiful, which is a change from the rest of the show but leaves you with much respect for the performers.
5	Second time seeing the show.  Its awesome fun.  Well worth the money.  The Divas are so good and fun, that you forget that they are lip-syncing and not actually singing.  Its a must see and I will go and see it again.
1	Just got out of the show in Reno.  I feel like I got ripped off.  The Reba and Pink impersonators were OK but the rest was boring.  I would have left in the middle if we weren't with another couple.  Afterwards we all four agreed it's one of the worst shows we've seen. Lousy lip sinkers, not funny, and Frank Marino isn't even in it.  Just a waste of time and money.  Don't bother.
4	GREAT entertainment!  I've always seen ads for the show but never thought anything of it but thought to finally check out the show.Frank is so charismatic and hilarious!  He had current jokes in between each set and keeps it personal. The drag performers were really amazing, especially the Mariah/Liza/Britney/Cher segments.  The dancers were great and the costumes were incredible. It was my first time but I'm pretty sure each show is different since they can just change the set list of performers.  You can see the performers in the lobby for a meet and greet and the merch they sell goes to Make-A-Wish. That charity portion really made it special.  It was not JUST a drag show.  I can't wait to see it again!
5	Had a BLAST!!!!!!!! Love the ladies. All are so talented, and the host is hilarious. LOVED IT!!!!
4	Loved it! Frank Marino has been on the strip for so long because his show is great! The performers were really good and the show entertains from start to finish!
4	First off the seating was terrible. If you weren't on the correct side of the table, you're gonna end up twisting to see the stage.The show was very entertaining, and I think all of the Divas did a fantastic job.
5	My Wife and I have seen this show a handful of times and never left disappointed. Great entertainment. The show does rotate it's impersonators so you never know just who you will see. There is some adult humor/language but nothing too outrageous. Just keep that in mind if you are easily offended. It's one of the only shows where picture taking is encouraged! They do have souvenirs you can get and they donate proceeds to the Make A Wish Foundation! It is the longest running headliner show in Vegas for a reason! Definitely a must see!
3	I saw this show yesterday with my friends.I liked music, sound, jokes, it was fun! ))  (though it was a little cold in the theater)Beyonce and Turner were the best! I love Madonna, that is why I did not like the way she was performed - too serious, no smile or emotion...All others were pretty good!
5	Very funny
5	We saw three shows this week and this was the best of them all.  Good mixture of adult humour and musical numbers by a numbers of big female stars. All the week known stars were represented, Minnelli, Cher, Jackson, better middler, Tina turner, and many more. The boys all performed like they really are women. Great set of male dancers. Well worth the entry price.
4	I got some promo tickets from a promoter in the Quad and went to this show on a whim.  I was not sure about spending $100 on Le Reve in Encore, so this is what we ended up doing.  Let me say this, what a super fun show!  I was laughing so damn hard.  I will say that Frank Marino is really engaging and hilarious.  Just a side note, he talks in rapid fire, stand-up style and throws a lot of show biz references and jokes that some generations/foreigners may not get.  So brush up on your current events and pop stars!  There are a lot of drag performers performing as stars like: Beyonce, Madonna, Shania Twain, Mariah, Janet Jackson...Cher was prob my personal fav, but all the acts were great.  It is nice that you can sing along and that the audience is so carefree and chill.  There were people of all ages there and the place is so small that you really don't get a bad seat.  I recommend the middle though and not the left and right sides. My upgrade tickets were $20 and drinks were under $10, so this is totally affordable for a show on the strip.The kinda naked male dancers did the majority of the dancing.  There was one guy who was 2-3 beats off from the rest, but after a while you got used to his dancing being off. lol.  Oh and the end gets you too.  It is all funny, but they show a serious side as well. Go Divas!  Great, great show!
5	Best. Celebrity. Drag. Show. Ever! Every performer was outstanding. Incredible costumes, great dancing, and they really embodied the divas they portrayed. Frank Marino as Joan Rivers was hilarious and occasionally offensive--just like Joan I guess. Definitely raunchy--leave the kids at home. Drinks were completely reasonably priced. As much as we enjoyed the show, unfortunately we were seated in the middle of a bunch of duds :-/ as Frank reminded the audience, performing is a partnership. Be am enthusiastic audience and the performers will reward you! Also, all proceeds from souvenir sales went to the Make a Wish Foundation which is awesome, and you can buy them directly from the Queens themselves in the lobby afterward.
4	Went to this show with my girlfriends and had a blast. I was singing and groovin along to all the songs, which made me feel old but in that nostalgic way. We had a booth, which was perfect for six people. Ordered a bucket of beers, probably the bet price on the strip- and our server was attentive and kind. The show was fantastic. My favorites were Lady Gaga, Britney and Celine. I wished Mariah's bit was longer, I feel that we didn't see enough of her performance. I also didn't want Beyonce's part to end- it was too funny! Over all there were favs but the whole show was amazing. The Joan Rivers bit as the opening was a perfect Segway into the show. The artists are always outside after the show if you want a picture or to purchase any memorabilia. I say go to this show more than once as they change the line up. I'm sure I'll be back.
2	So this show has been running for 28 years and unfortunately it feels like it. The queens I saw tonight, with the exception of the Cher impersonator, looked old and moved like they were lacking energy. Now I love drag queens. Ever since Paris is burning, I've been hooked. I have a healthy respect for queens who have been in the business for a long time. I know it's never too late to teach an old dog be tricks... Also, the show is titled after this famous queen Frank Marino... Where the heck is he? Don't have a self titled show if your not going to show up!!!There was so much potential especially with the music choices. But when the Lady gaga impersonator did just dance, that queen just sat there! The song said "just dance"! You better dance! I was doing more dancing sitting in my seat than the guy did in the whole performance!Now the Brian person who hosted the show was hilarious. Every one of his jokes were funny and delivered perfectly. However he was one of the only highlights of the show.I was disappointed. I'll have to definitely check out somewhere else if I want to so l see drag queens in Vegas.
5	My husband has never seen a drag show, so I wasn't sure what he would think. We had the BEST time!  We laughed, we clapped and laughed some more.The male entertainers are bar far the best, I have ever seen in a drag show.  See this show, you will not be disappointed.
5	I just got back to my hotel from watching this show live, I had the best time ever. Frank Marino is so funny and his girls are so talented that you won't be disappointed if you decide to get tickets and see the show yourself.The show lasted for about an hour and half, it began with Mr. or should I say Ms. Marino solo act, she told joke after joke, very fast paced, she kept us laughing the whole time telling jokes about the last gossips in show business and movie stars in general. Very soon after the very talented ladies started to parade on stage and they were all great, I won't say the order of the girls in the show (no spoilers here) but believe me when I say they were magnificent, most of the time you couldn't even tell they were female impersonators. Bette Midler, Cher, Pink, Britney, Janet, Diana, Tina, etc. a whole constellation of stars.After each presentation Ms. Marino will come up on stage to tell a few more jokes and introduce a new act, costume change is of course obligatory.The show takes place at the Quad Hotel on the strip now. It used to be at the Riviera Hotel before but apparently they moved to their new home 4 years ago 'cause the theater where the show is performed now is bigger and cozier than their old one, although more AC would have been nice, it was a little warm for my taste. I had a nice booth very close to the main stage. Each booth accommodates 4 people.By the way, the show not only have all these very talented ladies but it also features a magnificent group of dancers all very energetic, young and professional. They were awarded as the best male dance group in a Vegas show for the last three years if I didn't get it wrong.The best surprise of the night was that the ladies who performed were signing autographs and taking pictures with the audience afterwards. I had to meet my favorite RuPaul's drag race contestant of season five Miss Coco Montrese, she was very nice and friendly, her great attitude was the cherry on top of a yummy cake. I really had a great time during and after the show and meeting my favorite girl Ms. Coco was something very especial I'll never forget.I will definitively come back again. It was an awesome experience.
3	This was my first drag show and I had a good time! I enjoyed the lip-synching and impersonations, but was hoping for a little more. A few of the queens didn't dance as much as I had expected and I felt like I watched the male dance crew more than the queens. The formula of the show felt a bit tired and I would love to see this spiced up a bit more. I enjoyed the comedy bits and think skits could be fun. I also think more audience interaction would be great because I loved it when the queens came into the crowd! Overall this was a fun show, but not necessarily a must see (especially for the price). I was hoping for more over the top from a Vegas drag show - considering they've been doing this for 28 years - though this one still had some quirky moments.
5	Seen the show twice with friends from work and everyone loved it! It was different both times with different performers doing different numbers, I'd see it again. Hot chocolate\tina turner is a must see. Derrick Barry makes an amazing Britney, and the dancers are awesome. Make sure u allow extra time to find parking tho, the quad parking garage is a nightmare haha.
5	This was the best decision my sister and I made on our trip!! Get some discounted tickets the night of - we did VIP which I recommend because we had a clear view of everything!Some thoughts: -Everyone did an amazing job. Madonna was jaw-droppingly real. Tina Turner brought down the house. I was most surprised by Bette Midler - amazing choreography and just so, so funny.-We didn't get Britney, Rihanna, Mariah or Katy during this show. I'm assuming the acts change based on performers but I would've loved to have seen Britney!-Yes, they lip sync. I think that its better that way due to a lot of dancing but also it just feels much more realistic.-Back up dancers are INTENSE. Sometimes they shined just as much as the divas!-There is a wonderful number at the end called "What Makes A Man A Man" and it was really beautiful and just a nice way to end the show.This show was so lively, fun, crazy, and while pretty long, it felt like time flew! It was so entertaining and I can't recommend it enough.
3	The show was just OK to me. Frank has some good jokes, but they are so rehearsed that it seems as if he is reading them from a teleprompter. Some of the performers are really good and other are mediocre. I've been to the show a few times throughout the years and it seems to remain the same. Tina Turner has been around for years, but I get that most people that see the show are seeing it for the first time. The performers used to look so much more like the entertainers that they are impersonating. I didn't feel that this time nearly as much. Anyway, it is entertaining and I commend Frank for having such a long running popular show on the strip. Keep it up!PS...I have to say that I was VERY bothered by the line to enter the theater. Everyone is made to stand in a LONG line because they want you to pose for a photo with one of the performers. I had no desire to pose for a photo and I know there were others that felt the same, yet EVERYONE was made to go through the photo line. That was the MOST ridiculous scheme that I have seen at strip and off strip shows. I almost gave them two stars for this ridiculous process.
4	This was an entertaining show!  It contained good believable singing, good dancing, and good raunchy humor by Frank Marino performing as Joan Rivers.  The men who appeared as Katy Perry, Whitney Houston, Bette Midler, Diana Ross, Shania Twain, and Reba McEntire were all realistic and believable in their roles.  Lady Gaga and Madonna were close behind.  Beyonce and Tina Turner appeared as parodies, which generated two good extra doses of humor to the show. Of all the performers, I thought only the "Liza Minelli" character was not that true to life of the diva being emulated on stage.  Sound and lighting were good; costumes were colorful; and sets were visually appealing.  Divas is a solid little show on the Strip, made even more remarkable in that the major figures depicting the divas are all men.  I am not a fan of the concept of males impersonating female personalities, but I did enjoy this show.
4	When in Vegas...you just have to go to see a Drag Queen show.  And this one is the one to see.  Hosted by "Brian" who's day job is as a nurse in an emergency ward (I would hope to be sent to his hospital should I ever get in an accident in Vegas).  The show was just great...lots of costume changes...dancers and drag queens impersonating and lip syncing to some of the best "Divas" in the music world.  From Dolly to Brittany the show was just a fun evening out.  Drinks available at Vegas prices but that makes the show even more fun!Hint...search online for discount tickets (like travelzoo.com) and pick the seats in the "Booth" as opposed to the tables.
5	awesome show, very entertaining. I've been to this show 4 times and except for  the jokes always being the same the show is still always great. most definitely  needs to be relocated to a better location thou.
4	First good point I have to make is that they let you take photos! Finally, a show that doesn't force you into buying photos at the end. This give it a huge thumbs up!Secondly, Frank's jokes ARE funny. Yes they're rehearsed but they made me laugh out loud.There's a bit of eye candy with his adorable back-up dancers and honestly I did really enjoy the impersonators. I think Mariah, Cher and Celine were my personal favourites and the end is actually quite moving. I took 3 girl friends and we just had a great girly night.My only reason for not giving the show 5 stars is because I have been to see it again since I first went a long time ago and sadly it was all the same jokes, so it was like seeing the same show twice, but with a couple of new acts.
4	What a fun show! Got tickets at travel zoo for $25 each with good seating (second row in front of the stage) there are three rows. Tickets at the box office typically start at 70 bucks I believe, so I would try finding a deal!
4	Great energy and talent. We had fun and enjoyed the costume changes! A true Vegas show that needs to be on your to do list at least once!
4	I really thought that this show was going to be really wild & crazy. It wasn't, but that's okay.The tickets were worth FREE. We just had to pay for the tax. I found it very interesting that Frank Marino, who was the host of the show, dressed in different outfits every 5 minutes after each drag queen performance. I loved the different colors of the show!There were performances by, Madonna, Tina Turner, Beth Midler, Whitney Houston, Lady gaga, Liza Minnelli and so on.I hear that, each night, they have different performances by different performers. Great show. Check it out for yourself!
4	Great night out!  Lively - vibrant - energetic!  We had the far back booth and that was fine and we were able to enjoy the show without sharing out table with people.Caution:  show attendee's are "seasoned" and they don't think a lot of the things are funny....
5	One of the best shows I've seen on the strip! Absolutely hilarious and never a full moment watching the show! Had such a great time watching the "divas" and even got my picture taken with them after the show! Great job guys! I'll be bringing my mother when she's in town to see the show!!!! Frank Marino wasn't there tonight but his fill-in was absolutely hilarious that I don't think anyone could be funnier than him!!!
5	Went to the show for my 50th birthday weekend with my Bff's and we had an absolutely fabulous time! The show was great and exceeded my hopes for a great show! The host was fabulous and did a fantastic job! Thanks for a great evening.
5	Awesome show. Make up and costumes looked amazing! The show was energetic and the host was hilarious. Would love to watch it again!
5	We just got back from Las Vegas last Sat. While there we watched 3 shows. Blue Man, Michael Jackson look-alike show at the Monte Carlo. And this show in the Quad. This show was by far was the most 'fun'. Please go. My fav's were Pink, Liza, Bette Midler and Lady Gaga. The dancers are great as well. You can take all the pictures you want so bring you camera. It's not all that expensive either.
3	The backup dancers were amazing,  but the drag queens had so much botox that they didn't have any expressions at all. Plus, Frank spent the last 15 minutes selling his stuff.
4	Fun show!  The performers look amazing!  Their lip syncing was lacking for a couple of performers (Madonna & Dolly Parton specifically) but the performances were great!  Will definitely go again!  Cocktail service was slow.  The only other complaint is with the venue, not the show.  It's a cluster trying to get out of the showroom!  It took close to 20 minutes.
5	See all the legends on one night! Had a fab time. Good value for money and a very moving finish. The host is amazing!!!
5	This show is AMAZING! We all loved the performers and their talents will definately have to go again, and the price is not bad at all!
5	Very talented group of men....I mean ladies! Funny, witty and entertaining! They put on a great show! Nobody can dance in heals like they can! Easily best drag show I've ever seen! Worth going to if your a local or just in town. I'll be back!
4	We went Sat Nov 29th to the show. My wife took me as this was my second show I have ever been to  in Vegas, I had a great time and the music and the Divas show was very good and entertaining, Frank Marino and his crew did a great job. I had a lot of fun and would recommend it to anyone. Thanks Mr Marino and crew for a fun night.
4	Fun show.  Frank Marino and crew work hard to make sure everyone has a good time.  Lots of energy and the performers are all pros.  We were at the very front and that was TOO close.  The middle of the room would give you a good vantage point without the stiff neck.  "What Makes a Man a Man" was fantastic.
5	I caught Divas at The Linq Theater fabulously hosted by entertainer and ER nurse Brian Keith. It was raucous, hilarious and inappropriate on a grand scale and that was just Mr. Keith. I defy anyone, no matter how uptight, to keep from singing along.
5	This my favorite show!!!!!! I first saw this show last year because I had a coupon and had such a good time I had to go back this year and see it again! Tina is by far my favorite! I will be seeing this show every time I go back to vegas, it is a must. Highly recommend to anyone looking for an energetic, fun, entertaining show!!!
5	I am not really one for drag shows, but this place is an absolute blast! Why spend $200 on Britney Spears when you can pay a fraction of the cost to hear the same music and possibly see better dancing? :) I came here with a group of friends and sat in the front row for an hour of entertainment. The performers here are the best queens I've seen and I have seen a lot of queens (thanks to David K.). It's a show, so you don't need to tip although there is a lot of great charity swag at the end. Check it out, you will love it!
1	I was looking forward to the shows after reading the reviews, boy was I disappointed. First, right after you get seated 2 guys come over to your table and try to sell you DVDs, T shirts, programs etc.. for about 5 minutes. I was annoyed, but thought oh well show will start soon.  Frank came out as Joan Rivers, which was funny and had good jokes. This was the best part of the show in my opinion. The Divas all performed and I was disappointed, they did not dance good or lip sync good. It was like I was in a karaoke bar, not worth paying for at all. Most did not even look like the stars, Liza was a little short guy and Beyonce a very very large guy. They male dancers were all in good physical shape but they did dance in-sync with each other, I thought maybe it was their first night performing together. Then when the show was almost over Frank came out and tried selling all his items again for about 5 to 10 minutes, way too pushing for a show I just paid alot of money to see. Like I was in a timeshare or something. Then when you are exiting the show they line up on each side of the isle yelling at you to buy their products and squeeze the isle down to one person so it is really slow getting out. I would never ever see this again or recommend it. Very unprofessional and annoying. My worst Vegas show by far!
5	I went to see the show with my mother this past August for my 30th birthday.  This was something that my mom has always wanted to do.  I was hesitant at first due to the seating because my mom is in a wheelchair and cannot twist her spine.  When I called the ticket office I was told that we would have to pay for more expensive seating to ensure that she would be able to be seated comfortably.  When I emailed the Divas contact, she was extremely helpful and apologetic and reserved tickets for us.  When we went to pick up the tickets, they were not at the box office but I had the email correspondence on my phone.  The gentlemen at the box office upgraded our seats and gave us a significant discount.  My mom was wheeled in by staff at the Divas show and they were so friendly.  The show itself was fantastic and we both had such a great time.  I didn't think the drink service was slow considering the size of the crowd.  The performers were amazing and so kind to my mother after the show!   All in all I would totally recommend this experience for sure.
