3	Good, honest guys, who charge fair prices. But they take wayyyyyyyyyyyy too long. Really. It took them about 6 weeks just to do a valve job and change some belts. I can't have my daily driver out of service that long. Maybe they were just really busy at that time. So ask first about how much work they have going on right now.
5	Thiele's automotive is my mechanic shop of choice.  I found them through  friend's recommendation and have been going there for three years with all of our car service needs.  They are honest clear, they will do the work that needs to be done and in a fashion that will keep you coming back.  When other shops have recommended more work than was needed Thiele's set me straight and explained what really needed to be done and why.  When I go their for oil changes they give the cars a once over as well, and recommend potential future needs as they see it.  I've had brake work, engine work and regular service completed here and will continue to do so.The only thing I'd change if I owned Thiele's is I'd install an alignment rack. This is a selfish need really as my previous car needed an alignment done right and Thiele's don't have the rack for it. I had to go to three different shops to get it done right.
5	This is a great auto shop.My car broke down over the weekend, and I didn't want to bring my car to Toyota.  The last few times I've been to Toyota, they tried to tell me that I needed to replace things that were fine.  So I was on the hunt for an honest auto shop who was skilled in foreign cars (practically unheard of these days), and that's when I stumbled upon Thiele's.I called Thiele's Monday morning and I had my car towed to their shop.  It was a very busy day for them, but they took the time to talk to me about my car problems and never made me feel rushed.  My car was fixed quickly, and more importantly, they were direct and honest and fairly priced.  And as a female, I especially appreciate that they never once tried to "trick" me like the dealership has done.  These guys are definitely a class act.  I'm going to take my car to them for the basics (oil changes, etc) from now on too.  I'd rather give my money to honest folks.  I highly recommend them.
5	I would highly recommend this shop!  Very friendly and very honest.  Very fair prices too!  They've replaced a radiator for me and did a great job and charged a fair price.  I have recommended them to several of my friends and they were highly satisfied.
