5	23 Mayfield is a terrific B&B and totally deserves its great reviews (on other sites).  I stayed in the Premier Jacobean 4-Poster room in February 2011 and it far exceeded my expectations.  I peeked into most of the other rooms at the B&B when the doors were propped open for cleaning in the morning and I feel that the Premier Jacobean room was far more luxurious than all of the less expensive rooms--it was more than worth it to pay a few extra pounds!  The other rooms had character, but felt small and quaint, while the Premier Jacobean made me feel like royalty--it's a very generously sized room with beautiful dark wood paneling, period prints in gilt-edged frames, and rich fabrics swathed over the massive four-poster bed.  It even had classical music softly playing in the background (on a Bose Wave sound system) when I arrived.  In short, it was even nicer than the photos I had seen of it--and it had a plush, solid, "they-don't-build-things-like-this-anymore" feel to it.  I felt relaxed and luxuriant the entire time I was lying in bed or padding about the "gentleman's library"-like room.The bathroom in the Premier Jacobean was great too, having just been remodeled with full Travertine marble and a huge, luxury shower.  Like most European hotel bathrooms, it had a very contemporary style, which wasn't entirely in keeping with the bedroom, but it was nevertheless very high-end and nice to use.The breakfast at 23 Mayfield was fantastic too (and is, of course, included in the price)--just go for all the Scottish meats (Haggis, sausage, black pudding, bacon) and poached egg...be prepared to be full for most of the day if you eat everything on your plate, though!23 Mayfield is located approximately 25-30 minutes by foot from the Royal Mile, but it's actually more convenient than one would expect, as it's a straight shot (and only 10 minutes) by bus, which comes frequently and stops right across the street.  Finally, the thing that really distinguishes 23 Mayfield is Ross Birnie--he is much younger than your average B&B owner and is both very cool and extremely helpful.  He's warm, friendly and has good recommendations for things to do and restaurants to eat at.Speaking of which, I loved Whiski on the Royal Mile--terrific pub food (definitely try the sticky toffee pudding) and a great Scotch selection, along with live Scottish music most nights.  Also on the Royal Mile, the Albanach was nice as well (and has a lovely Scottish dessert called Cranachan).  Bow Bar near Grassmarket also had great cask ales.   All of these places were not far at all from the B&B--I was able to walk off the Haggis, pudding, ales, and Scotch at night by returning to 23 Mayfield on foot.Ross recommended a down-home Scottish restaurant halfway between 23 Mayfield and the Royal Mile, but I didn't have a chance to try it, as it was closed every time I went by...unfortunately, I can no longer remember the restaurant's name, but ask Ross about the place that serves food "like his grandmother used to make" and he should be able to direct you :)My only regret was that I couldn't stay longer at 23 Mayfield...they book up fast, so make sure you reserve either of the Jacobean rooms!
5	I am genuinely surprised that more people have not reviewed this place, it is amazing!My husband and I came here after reading its rave reviews on Trip Advisor and seeing the beuatiful shots on the website.  We decided to splurge a little and go for the Premier Jacobean 4-Poster, and it was worth every pound!  Amazing bed, full wardrobe, classical music softly playing in the background, and best of all, an incredible modern bathroom!  Coming to a B&B I anticipated a "rustic" bathroom with a small-but-authentic-so-it's-ok-if-I-have-no-space-and-cold-floors experience.  Oh no.  This bathroom came compete with a tall shower with excellent water pressure, towel warmer, and mirror de-fogger.  Loved it!The breakfast was also stunning.  The breakfast room is adorable and beautifully set.  Since we came at a time when only three rooms were booked we had our choice of breakfast tables so that we could adjust our view of the garden and quaint homes in the neighborhood.  Lots of choices of juice, tea, and coffee that were self serve so that we didn't have to wait.  The food itself was scrumptious and so filling that I don't think we ate lunch on our second day there!  Definitely go for the Scottish dishes, but there are options for more familiar food to Americans like waffles, french toast, or bagels.  Fun little bonus is that they have a serving dish for toast that keeps it crisp.  Seems simple, but I was thrilled!I also loved the club room, which featured wooden board games, lots of books on the area, a gas fireplace, laptop with internet access, and big band music on the sound system.  The lighting and the decor made it seem truly luxurious, and I couldn't help but bask in the joy of it all.As the other Yelper noted, probably the best part about 23 Mayfield is Ross.  He was so welcoming, funny, and charming that we immediately felt at home.  Since it was close to dinner time when we checked in he gave us restaurant recommendations right away, two of which we took and loved!  He also sat with a directionally-challenged me and patiently explained how to take the most scenic route to the Royal Mile, allowing us to walk along the crags and get a breathtaking view of the whole city.  It seemed like he truly cared about helping us to navigate the area and to get the most out of our time in Edinburgh.If you are going to be in the city and want to have a perfect Scottish experience, go to 23 Mayfield.  You will thank me later :-).
5	Extremely lovely boutique B&B with an amazing host, Ross, and his excellent chef skills for breakfast. The term B&B doesn't really mean what it used to - but 23 Mayfield is doing it right. No hassle, no stress, lovely smells everywhere, a great sound system in our room, beautiful rain shower, and one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.The only - and I mean ONLY - drawback of this place is its location. A lot of people raved about how its really only a 20 minute walk from the center, or yeah there's a great bus going past 24 hours! - but when you are coming home from a night of partying at 3 or 4 am the bus comes only once an hour and after a full day of walking it really was tiring. My boyfriend and I would literally walk in and fall flat on the bed. So that kind of killed the romance. But that is not the problem of the establishment itself. It's really up to your tastes also. I get the feeling we were coming back the latest. This also meant that we didn't really make full use of the facilities. Again, due to our habits. So I can't speak for the hot tub or the lounge room, which we actually did not set foot in. :D The garden is nice.In short, this is without a doubt a 5-star place. Just know that it's a bit far from the center and might not be the romantic getaway you are looking for. Next time we might book even further away one night and then someone more central the next. This location was just a tad in-betweeny. Not countryside, not central, soooooo.Would stay again but maybe not in August, because prices are double basically during festival time. It was pricey, but worth it.
5	Concur all the 5 star reviews. Can't go wrong with this place. The owners are great and helpful. Breakfast is amazing and the rooms both clean and beautiful. A very relaxing place.
