5	In a series of fortunate events, we ended up dining atrium al fresco in the Mansion dining room for lunch today.  You can't even imagine the picturesque nature of the mansion.  Essentially, it is a private boutique hotel nestled under a temperature controlled, aroma controlled glass dome.  The "rooms" are private villas, generally for invited guests.The tables are pristine in the dining room.  Sparkiling silver and china, white linens, polished glassware, sterling carts.....it's all there.  The dining room opens to the atrium.  The peaceful gurgling of fountains, and the soft classical music create a truly tranquil environment.I ordered the creamy artichoke soup and carrot tortellini with short ribs.  My husband had king crab louis salad and dover sole. Our meal started with bread service.  There was a small platter presented with 4 different types of bread and a perfectly shaped rectangle of softened butter.  Each course is served seamlessly by the white gloved, suited waiters with the acompanying utensils.  My soup was creamy, buttery, artichoky, piping hot and topped with cripy artichoke hearts.  The king crab louis was a beautiful plate with lettuce hearts, olives, teardrop tomatoes, bell peppers, cheese, and generous chunks of sweet light crab.  It was all drizzled with a creamy, delightful, and surprisingly light lemon dressing.  On to the main course....my carrot tortellini was knock your socks off, out of this world, delectable!   It was a surpsing portion of braised kobe short ribs, petite turned carrots, and mini hand rolled tortellini.  The tortellini immediately melted in your mouth in a pool of umami beef jus.  It was just so darn savory and delightful.  The dover sole was probably the most beautiful plate of food I have ever seen.  It was cleverly served with pea puree and carrot puree instead of the average "peas and carrots."  It came with a sterling pitcher of herbed clarified butter.  It had onions, fried capers, and fresh peas as an artful garnish.  We finished off with a pot of tea, madelines, and petit fours.  They served chocolate and vanilla madelines, miniature truffles, guava jelly, and miniature almond clusters.The meal was lovely...and it was merely a lunch! I'm sure dinner is an elaborate performance of service and cuisine.  Be ready to pay for this level of excellence though.  Our bill, for lunch, for 8, without any alcohol, was $720.  My tortellini was $48 while the sole was $60....you won't find this out until the end because there aren't any prices on the menu.  But then again, I'm confident the average mansion diner just plum doesn't care.
4	Very private and quiet place to eat, no one really knows about this place.Big bill to pay next month... haha
4	A hidden fancy dining experience.  While we were staying at the Skylofts at MGM we were offered the chance to dine at The Mansion.  You need to make a reservation and then a host will walk you from the Skylofts to the Mansion.  When we were there on a Sunday afternoon, we were there with only one other group.  It's an al fresco dining experience inside of a huge atrium that looked like an Italian villa courtyard.  We sat at a shady table on the patio and had dim sum asian dishes as well as some other chinese dishes.  The menu seemed to lean towards asian tastes and everything was delicious.  There weren't any prices on the menu, but I happened to remember most of the prices from when we were making the reservations.  As a couple anchor points, a dim sum dish of 4-6 dumplings would be about $12-20 and an entree like duck fried rice would probably run about $30.  It was definitely a splurge, but the experience was fun.  After the meal you can hang out a bit in the gigantic atrium and take photos and just enjoy the Vegas sun without the brutal heat.  It's a fun experience if you are looking for a little different splurge.
5	Yeah, its exclusive for a reason.  Everything was great.  Maybe a bit pricy, but you get what you pay for.  Steak sandwich for lunch was amazing.
5	A. It's a mansion. B. Once inside, you'd never know you're in Vegas. C. When the waiter asks you if you'd like to upgrade your $38 flank steak sandwich to the filet, don't be a jerk... do the smart thing. When you're ready to hob knob with the elite, and you have an invite, look not behind you and charge forward to this gem at the MGM.
4	We stayed at the Sky Lofts so we were able to eat here.  The entire restaurant is enclosed - inside seating and "outside" seating.  The outside seating is actually the courtyard for the MGM Villas.  This restaurant used to be exclusively for the guests in the Villas but now is available for the Sky Loft guests.  The Villas are over 4K sq/ft!   We were seated "outside".  The service is above and beyond anything I've experience (Gary Danko, French Laundry, Joel Robuchon, Guy Savoy, etc).  We had the congee (~$20), lobster Har Gow (~$20), bacon and eggs (~$20) and other dim sum items.  The prices aren't listed on the menu, but just be prepared for for a big check at the end of the meal.  Why not the 5 stars?  I know it's Vegas, it's on the strip, it's exclusive, and restaurants over all are overpriced.  I thought the food was good, but just good.  Not like "WOW, these are amazing eggs and bacon!!" or "Holy Crap! This is the most tastiest congee I've EVER had!"  The bacon was thick cut and you don't know if the eggs are organic, antibiotic free, running around and eating the worms and bugs (like the $10 a dozen kind at Whole Foods).  They didn't taste like or look like it.  They could at least serve those eggs for the prices.  The congee was plain. No taste.  I've had congee that it was sooo tasty that I didn't have to add anything.   Basically you're paying for the experience and over the top service.  I would actually give it a 4.8 stars.  If you have the opportunity, just suck it up, pay the price, and just experience it.  I know many will say "that's a rip off", but as one of the Yelp reviewer said "When you're ready to hob knob with the elite , and you have an invite, look not behind you and charge forward to this gem at the MGM"Would I do this again... sho-nuff, but next time will be lunch.
5	I'm not going to lie..part of the reason we booked Skylofts was the fact that you can be invited to dine here...yes it's that special :)  The Mansion is located behind a discreet wrought iron gate at the MGM. Usually you have to be a mega baller and be invited to stay here...I think the villas here are 10k a night.  However, if you are a Skyloft guest your butler can get you in!Ambiance: The pics don't do it justice, the patio area is just divine!  You are sitting in a glass enclosed atrium with the mansion rising up behind you.  There's the scent of lemon in the air, and the sounds of a nearby fountain. 5 starsFood: 5 stars (ok, before you read this, know that all the dishes listed below are around $25...and yes it's dim sum, but it's decadent dim sum ok? lol)-beef noodle soup: This was recommended by our server, and at first I was a bit leery seeing that beef noodle soup is usually not $26 but we decided to go with it.  It. was. AMAZING!  The broth was delicious and so flavorful, but it didn't have the usual globs of oil floating in it which is standard with most beef noodle soups. The noodles delish and the chunks of beef so tender.-shark fin and spinach dumplings (3 pc, around $20-$25)- It's good if you like shark fin-foie gras and lobster dumplings (3 pc, around $20-$25)- highly recommend this!-bbq buns- (3 pc, around $20-$25)- SKIP-shumai- (3 pc, around $20-$25) it's pretty good but not worth the $$-lotus wraps- very yummy!Service: Our waiter was very friendly and always on hand, he also walked us around and took pictures for us!  Your butler walks you from the Skylofts into the Mansion which was a nice touch :)I want to come back soon!
