5	This gym creates a culture of true fitness.  It pushes cardiorespiratory endurance, stamina, strength and flexibility.  It builds agility, balance, coordination, speed, power and accuracy.  They specialize in total body fitness.  The classes are challenging, but their atmosphere of motivated instructors push you past your limits and help you over the wall.  I, myself, have seen results in my physical ability and weight lost in over a month. Super gym!!
5	I ventured into this gym after seeing a promotion on living social. I wanted to try it out before I purchased the coupon.  The girl working the front desk was very nice and just had me fill out a waiver before class - coming from other gyms, it's like pulling teeth to try a workout for free, so I was very impressed from the beginning.  The gym itself is ridiculously clean - I showed up in the middle of two classes, and the gym's entire staff was scrubbing the floor and wiping down all the equipment to get it ready for the next class.  Again, very impressed.  The class itself is VERY challenging but a lot of fun.  Heidi was my instructor on the first day, and she was super motivating but yet made sure you didn't slack off. I love the emphasis on cardio along with strength training - the perfect mix for someone like me who is trying to drop some weight for my upcoming wedding!  At the end of class, the manager introduced himself to me which made me feel good.  I ended up purchasing a membership instead of getting the living social because I loved it that much.  Another bonus is that it's a month-to-month membership so I didn't have to sign my life away and I can cancel whenever I want.  After telling my fiance about the gym, he went and tried a class a few days later and joined too!  We absolutely love it!!
5	This place is wicked awesome!! Every staff member is beyond welcoming and friendly. I seriously never work out, and I got invited to check this place out and I think I'm pretty tough so I figured I could handle it.... Well.... I made it through 27 rotations out of 30 so I did pretty well, I was going to push myself through it but Ryan came up and encouraged me not to over do it. These people really know what's up and they have tremendous heart! If you are looking to up your game and become a badA... This is the place for you!!
5	These guys are absolutely amazing! They are doing big things and are such a joy to be around! If you are looking to get in shape and have someone push you, check them out!
5	This gym is amazing and the staff is so friendly! Love it!
5	This is the type of gym you should be looking for. It's direct and to the point and you know exactly what your getting yourself into. the website is HIGHLY effective and informational. The payment options are also very client friendly. Check this place out, this is how you get fit.
5	What a great gym. They have developed a very time efficient and intense workout that keeps you moving and leaves you exhausted. The staff and trainers are top notch and friendly and very motivating without making you cry. Okay, I cried a little bit.
5	Great instructors and an amazing workout! The workouts are different every class so your always being challenged! I use to dread going to the gym but I look forward to my workout at Dethrone. The best cardio training in town!!
5	a friend recommended I come take a class with him when I was in town and I'm glad I did!  this place is super unique and totally different from the normal stale gym routine.   all interval training from the bike to the floor exercises.  Ricky the instructor was really motivating and encouraging.. they had big tv screens everywhere that clearly tells you what exercise you are performing and demonstrates for you how to do it so there is no feeling lost.this was a really challenging but fun workout and the best part was it was over in 30 Minutes!  I've never felt so accomplished in a workout after that short a periodif I'm back in Vegas I will definitely be coming backclean, friendly, fun!
5	I heard about this gym, from a friend, back home, in the Bay Area.  Since I was visiting Las Vegas for the week and had some extra time, I decided to try a class...What an awesome class!  Not too long (35 min) however, it was very intense.  The goal was to bike 5 miles, while you do a different exercise every other minute.  Great concept.  I most definitely will be joining when I get back home to the Bay Area!
5	Awesome Tabata style workout using bikes.  Very innovative.  One minute on bike, one minute on exercise.  You can't help but get a great cardio workout.  Instructor very encouraging.I would definitely recommend..
5	This gym is PERFECT. Exactly what you need and nothing else. Dethrone is a small gym but spacious enough for a group to get in a great work out. I came in with a friend who was already a member of dethrone. Heidi, the instructor for the class was amazing. She kept the class going and pushed us! There was not a soul that slacked. The work out consists 30 1minute strength exercises with 1minute cardio cycling sessions in between. The classes are truly for all fitness levels since you can choose whether to challenge yourself or cool down while on the bikes.Workout ends with ab work and stretching. If I didn't live on the complete opposite side of town I would sign up for their monthly membership in a heartbeat. Unfortunately driving that far everyday to get in a work out doesn't make too much sense. Checked out their website and they are currently running a 25% off your first month promo. They also offer individual classes for 19.99 but the first class is FREE!
5	I'm really enjoying my workouts at Dethrone.  The instructors are great and I love my early morning 6AM classes on Tuesday and Thursday mornings.  The class is quick but intense.  Great way to start the day! Thank you :)
5	Their motto is "Lean Bodies, Strong Hearts" and they certainly live by it. The entire staff is pleasant and the facilities are nice. The trainers know what they're doing and make sure you're doing the exercises correctly. I am definitely in the best shape of my life since going here and can see a complete change physically. First class is free so definitely check it out! The only bad thing I have to say is I need all new clothes now since nothing fits anymore :)
5	Great workout thanks yelp for the invite! This definitely is a place for circuit training it kicked my butt!! Loved it! They have a Variety of workouts all done under a minute we got partnered up and sweating all this unwanted fat  ;) it was perfect!
5	This place is amazing. Pure and simple. If you are looking for intense cardio, interval training, I highly recommend it. The exercises are hard, but extremely fun, and the classes are relatively short. About 40-ish minutes. They are basically built on riding a stationary bike for a minute, running to the floor and doing an exercise for another minute. Rinse and repeat. You get a partner that is around your height so that the bike portion is easier and one rides while the other is on the floor doing an exercise. Classes are also all split up into teams. A, B, and C. Each group does a different exercise. The trainers are extremely friendly and while the exercises are hard, they do a very good job at keeping you motivated to work through it. They are also very good at helping first timers. I recommend it. If you are interested, they also offer a free class before joining. Good job guys and keep it up!
5	I'm a fairly active person and am currently training for the Tough Mudder event in April...That being said you know you have had a kick ass workout when you get home and it hurts to wash your face. Seriously... ;)Dethrone is an awesome facility. You walk in and automatically feel a sense of "I can do this." The faculty and trainers were excellent! Extremely friendly, helpful, encouraging, motivational, and personable. We took the high intensity cardio / circuit training class which is a grueling but also very fun combination of bikes/ floor exercises. The format is 1 minute on the bike, 10 seconds to get to the floor, 1 minute of floor exercises (ranging from planks, inchworms, v ups, box jumps, squats with weights, etc), 10 seconds to get back to your bike, and back on the bike for 1 minute. (For the next 30 minutes) Heidi (the girl that was supposed to be leading the class) had apparently just gotten all four of her wisdom teeth pulled out earlier that day but was so pumped about being a part of our class that she stayed to help facilitate and train. (If that doesn't say amazing leadership I don't know what does!) Since Heidi's mouth was beginning to swell shut Ryan the Studio Manager lead our class - he is definitely a passionate instructor with a ton of knowledge. He encourages you to push yourself but to take ques from your own body, and keeps you motivated (without being over the top - super refreshing!!)  I learned a ridiculous amount in this 45 minute class, and used some sets of muscles that I haven't used in a very very long time...In summery: Fantastic facility, amazing staff, kick ass class!
5	I attended a cardio circuit class here for one of Yelp's fit club events. The gym itself is clean with a simple layout & nice equipment. Loved the workout routine! It consisted of one minute exercises (sit-ups, planks, lunges, etc) with one minute of cycling between each exercise for 35 minutes straight & an abwork cool down afterwards. Of course the cardio circuits are suitable for all levels so you can modify & go at your own pace. Ryan was the instructor of our class & he made sure to give us that extra push until the very end! If I lived on this side of town I would definitely consider getting a membership. Seriously give it a try if you're interested.. Your first class is free!
5	Looking to train w/ the best or at least feel like you are? Well this is the place to do it at! The facility is small, but it packs a punch! Wanna change up your workouts, then this is the place for you! From cardio to boxing to lifting to all of it, you can get it done here.Their circuit training is ideal as you're broken up in 3 groups. Each group is broken in half. Half doing the bike, while the others do the exercise for that group. Each group doing a different exercise. If you forget what to do on your set watch the people in front of you in your same group. If you wanna know what you're next exercise is, look up at the many screens that tell you what to do. You will flip flop back & forth for about 30 minutes. From push-ups, crunches, planks, dumbbell press, etc. All done at your own pace. Then from there you'll work on some core. It helps push yourself & your teammates, all the while staff is there to ensure you have proper form & adjust to make it easier or harder. Awesome workout!Pop in for a workout & see what you've been missing! Highly recommended!
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said.  If you're looking for gym that gives you a great workout with the feel of a personal trainer, this is your place!   Everyone is super friendly, they greet you by name and they push you to the wall for a great workout!  I like the fact that I don't have to figure out what workout I'm doing for the day I just show up, workout and get on with my day.  I also like meeting the people that come to the classes.
5	It doesn't matter if you're an elite level athlete or a couch potato this place is AWESOME!!!! Even if you're just getting back into it like my friend was or someone like me who works out everyday you will love Dethrone! You can go at your own pace so don't feel intimidated. Basically the way it works is you show up for a class and they have these big screen TV's that display the workout and each exercise so you can follow along. They change it every time so no 2 workouts are alike. They also have an instructor roaming around to motivate you and make sure you're doing everything right. It's like having a personal trainer but in a class setting so it's very motivating. My friend and I were in Vegas and decided to check it out and we were both blown away. My friend Victor is a complete couch potato who is just getting back into working out and he loved it. Since he was able to go at his own pace he wasn't intimidated because he wasn't keeping up with me. I on the other hand workout everyday at 24 Hour Fitness but I was still able to push myself to levels I'm just not able to at my 24 Hour at home. If there was a Dethrone in Pleasanton where I live I'd cancel 24 Hour and sign up today!!! It was really clean and everybody there was super cool. I highly recommend at least trying it out because you will be addicted.
5	I can't believe how many calories I burned in 35 minutes!  It was 30 rounds of 1 minute either on the bike or on the floor and I burned over 700 calories then we did 10 minutes of abs after!I joined and a few weeks ago and I go 3 times a week and I have already dropped 5 lbs, I am a basecamper for life now
5	I've only taken three classes and I'm already feeling awesome about myself! It definitely kicks my butt but It's a great work out with a little bit of everything mixed in. I'm new to most exercises but the instructors are great and make sure that my form is correct and encourage me to push myself. If you're looking for something different and challenging then this is the place to be!! I love it and highly recommend it!!
5	Started working out at Dethrone in April.  At first I was a little scared to join but the second I walked in I felt more comfortable than I ever have at any gym.  The managers and staff here are amazing!  In the 3 weeks that I have been going I feel great.  I can't wait to reach my goals!
5	One week in at Dethrone Base Camp and this place has easily made its way to the top of my favorites list!  I had been searching for a new gym with a friendly, more personal feel as well as a new workout that would challenge and shock my body - so far Dethrone has offered just that!When I stopped in to check out the facilities, the staff and trainers were happy to help me and answer all my questions. They explained the workout format and asked me questions in order to get to know my fitness and health background. Since my first day in, everyone has continued to be just as cordial and approachable. All the instructors I have had have been stellar and I have learned something new about the workout and about my own fitness personality from each visit (something that I wasn't getting from my previous, now seemingly boring workout routine). It is apparent to me that Dethrone has built their culture around developing the individual as well as the team and I can't help but walk out of my workout feeling motivated to return. I am excited to continue to make Dethrone a part of my weekly routine, and I look forward to crushing some personal goals and having fun while doing it! ...highly recommended :)
5	Loved it! It was challenging but fun. You can tell your getting a good workout but it goes by so fast you don't have time to realize how hard your working. Can't wait to go back. Joined after my first class :)
5	So awesome!  It's like working out with a personal trainer, but in a group setting.  And if you have a slight competitive streak like me, this would be the place for you!  It's a cardio circuit training type of class.  There are several "rounds" of exercises that you go through that you rotate on and off the  Air Dyne bikes.  And honestly, the workout is what you make of it so it can be as hard or as easy as you want it to be.  I say if you're competitive this is for you because you're in groups, A, B, C...so you're always rotating on and off the bike and floor with other people.  So you're doing the same workout with someone, at least one other person.  So, if the person next to you is jamming out a ton of burpees or sit ups, you're going to want to push yourself harder too!  I know I did. I loved this class!  It sort of reminded me of Barry's Bootcamp... although, I have to say, I do prefer Barry's only because I'm a runner and not a biker.  But the concept seems the same - except at Barry's you have treadmills and the floor exercises are devoted to one body part (per day), at Dethrone, you have Air Dyne bikes and the floor exercises cover your entire body so it's a full body workout.  The facilities are clean, the staff is awesome. They have some great workout gear... I picked up a couple of shirts!  The only downfall, wish they had more locations!!!  The location is a bit far away.... especially since I was staying at a friend's place in Summerlin.  But it was definitely worth the drive for a fantastic workout!
5	Awesome work out! Love the fact that every minute you are doing something different, and you don't have time to be bored. Really like how quick the classes are too- 45 min and you have had a full body work out and leave feeling accomplished. The times for the classes are awesome... I just wish they had a 6:00A class every day! But the instructors need their beauty sleep too. Very pleased with the facility, the instructors, and the work outs!
4	I ran across this gym on groupon because I was looking for a boot camp type of workout and decided to give this gym a try.  Well I was not disappointed I took the knockout class with Henry who pushed me to my ability  and really  really enjoyed it...(just wished they had more classes like this during the week).  I also took the cardio assault with Shayna and she was excellent at showing us how to do the exercises.
5	I have been a proud member since February 2014 and have taken all classes with all trainers. Each class is just as challenging as my very first class.  The trainers are knowledgable yet they will challenge you and they encourage you to set a goal and then follow up with you every time they see you, just that extra nudge of accountability we all need! The schedule is flexible and there is something for everyone! Don't be intimidated by the classes, each class can accommodate all fitness levels and the trainers will make you feel comfortable and confident. I saw results immediately, I am stronger and faster than ever... I LOVE this gym!
5	If you want to be stronger, increase your cardio, be more flexible, and have fun doing it, then Dethrone Base Camp is for you!  At Dethrone, you exercise at your own pace, with a certified personal trainer, in a group environment; and you actually look forward to working out!  Yes, the workouts are challenging, but the results are worth it!  By attending 5 sessions every week and watching what I eat,  I've lost 12 lbs. and 3 inches off of my waist, in less than 2 months!  My wife and granddaughter each took a free class and instantly became members. They too, have achieved excellent results!  There is something for every age and fitness level at Dethrone Base Camp.  The training facility could be a little larger, but it is always spotless!  The real difference between Dethrone and any fitness gym in the valley, is the staff!  The Dethrone management team and every instructor / trainer is personally committed, to seeing you succeed!  And the camaraderie among the members at the club just can't be beat.  If your goal is to be healthier, happier and to just enjoy life more; don't take my word for it, take a free class and experience it for yourself.  What have you got to lose, except a few pounds!  Erwin L.
5	Dethrone Base Camp, one word to describe this gym Amazing! From the front desk personnel who assist you, from all the instructors who push you, and all of the base campers who are working out with you. It's just a great environment, and I'm glad to be a part of it.
5	When my co-worker told me about a new cardio gym I should check out, I balked. I'm normally a yoga girl and I wasn't sure it would be for me. When I finally went to Dethrone, I was amazed at what a great time I had doing such a different and challenging workout! The instructors are knowledgeable, positive, and patient & the workout itself is new each time, so there's never a dull moment. Like most people, I sometimes struggle to get myself out the door & to the gym but Dethrone makes it worth your while...you get a satisfying workout in a short time & leave with an amazing high- love it!
5	Amazing staff, instructors, members and facility!I wanted personal instruction and I wanted more than just the same old workout, so I gave Dethrone a try. That was 94 workouts ago. I consider it a destination now. I love the staff and instructors, I like that they're a smaller gym which makes it a more personal experience, workouts are always different so I don't get bored. They encourage members to set goals and motivate them to reach them (and then give us free shirts!) Giving feedback on the internet isn't something that I typically do, but I am especially motivated to recommend my gym to anyone that asks.Stop by and give it a shot. And first class is free!!
5	I'm not really a regular gym person, but my friend took me to Basecamp to try out a class. The customer service I received from the second I walked in the door was great!  They made me feel really comfortable, especially considering it was my first class and I was a little nervous.The workout goes by really quickly, and you only have to do one minute of each exercise, which I loved! The instructors and class members were supportive and encouraging.  There were some exercises that I couldn't do, but they modified them for me so I always felt successful. It was nice to know they cared enough to help me through it all.  The first class was the hardest,  but now I can pace myself better.  Each workout is different, so I love coming in for something new every time. I have become a Basecamp junkie, and would definitely recommend it to anyone of any fitness level!
5	Life Changing!I have never (repeat never) been a gym person at all.  I took my first class in May 2014 and fell in love.  The intensity, cardio, floor exercises, and of course the TRX provide such an amazing workout.  But, it is truly the staff...trainers and management that keep me coming back.  They are tough, but encouraging.  They are part of your journey (whatever it may be) with you.  I have had good days and bad...but they have always cheered me on and helped me reach my goals.The best workout in 45 minutes for sure!  Thanks to everyone at Dethrone.  I am truly happy that I found this workout/gym and have made it part of my life!
5	Best gym ever! I love the cardio, variety of movements and strength training. You can work at your own pace or push yourself. The staff is amazing. Dethrone is my happy place. I go 5-6 times a week and the staff and other base campers have become my second family. I highly recommend Dethrone .......if you're not sure but want to do "something" try Dethrone. You won't be disappointed.
