1	I give it one star for their customer service...I went to this restaurant on their opening day after reading an article:"Pancheros Mexican Grill, a fast-casual Mexican restaurant, is opening Jan. 29 in Chandler, and they'll sell $1 burritos to mark the occasion.Burritos will be available for a buck a week later, 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Feb. 5 at 2051 W. Chandler Blvd., Suite 1."After being told to "come back Feb. 5th"  I showed the employee the article and she said no it was written wrong. I drove over 20 minutes to get here I told her and asked for the manager, she said he was busy...REALLY? Too busy to talk to an happy customer? I am not unreasonable after I left I can see their ad was poorly written and easily misunderstood. I would expect a manager to come out and speak with me and explain what happened in the least or act like they care about their customers. I don't like to give one stars but in the few cases that I have it is usually for bad service. I would have paid full price for their burrito, but after the way they handled the situation I have no choice.
1	Very bland, flavorless chicken.  Tortillas are made to order, but also taste like nothing.  Website advertises the fact that all their restaurants have Cholula hot sauce available, which would have helped add some flavor to the awful meal, but there was actually none available.  Workers were not friendly.
2	I have been here a total of 6 times and because I want them to succeed  I keep going back.  They get one more chance, then I am done!!   The good news is this place has great food.   I could not  help but compare Pancheros to Chipotle.  Both are equal distances from my house.  Both places have comparable food.   The challenge for Pancheros is Chipotle customer service is far superior.  This staff at this location lacks passion, commitment and enthusiasm toward their food and their customers.    Wait times are excruciating even when there is a very short line.  This is despite being fully staffed.  Today, they ran out of meat and did not ask for more until they were scraping the bottom of the pan.  This caused additional wait times for me and 3 people behind me.  This is a bottleneck that could easily be avoided by anticipating your needs in advance!!  The owners of this establishment need to turn this around quickly. They need to role model what great looks like in terms of driving a positive customer experience.  Word of mouth has to be killing them!!  Lets hope they fix this  before its to late!!   My rating is for consistently receiving bad service and their complete lack of awareness to do anything about it.
5	Amazing homemade tortillas makes the burritos delectable.
4	I moved here from Iowa, and yes Pancheros is huge there unlike Chipotle. I do agree the customer service isn't up to par but I still enjoy their homemade flower tortillas and their queso sauce. People are right on here that isn't much variety but I drive 35 min for a burrito from here than Chipotle. Im not saying I dont like Chipotle, it's just it wasnt popular in Iowa.
5	Exactly like chipotle only the tortillas are delicious and made fresh right in front of you and they have queso cheese. Seriously best tortillas I've ever had. Period. Why isn't this place ever busy?
5	Excellent! First time here and so much better than chipotle/qdoba! Definitely heading back soon
5	Better than chipotle! They have amazing tortillas pressed fresh right in front of you. And the queso is the best I've ever had!
5	This place is awesome! I've only had their burrito but it was great! In my opinion, the freshly made tortillas and fresh meat makes their burritos much better than Qdoba and Chipotle. At least give it a try, it's definitely worth it! You won't be disappointed!Oh and I forgot to tell ya, they actually mix everything together before rolling the burrito. Finally someone is doing it right :)
5	Yummmmmy! Get the carnita burrito with queso added in! It's an extra $1 WELL spent! This is my second time having Pancheros and they don't disapppoint!
5	Came here a few days ago and was really impressed. They press tortillas when you order them, making them taste extremely fresh and delicious. I like this place better than Chipotle. If you don't get their queso, you're making a huge mistake. Best queso around.
5	OK, this place is all about the burrito and you can't go wrong. Can you say fresh! Came here for lunch on a Saturday, I was the only person there, I can't believe it. This is a hidden gem that simply may not be getting the exposure it deserves. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place.  Great service and fresh food. Beat tortillas ever!!#
5	Great customer service & food is delish.
2	Visiting on business, I wanted something quick on a Sunday night and saw this listed under Mexican food.  The minute I walked in, I could tell that, instead of being an actual Mexican restaurant, it was simply a cheap knock-off of Chipotle (which is not really Mexican either lol). I was hungry, however, so I tried a steak quesadilla.  Average at best.  I'll give it two stars simply because it was around $5 plus a drink.  I'll stick to the real Mexican restaurants.
5	Like always the food is great. Can not finish the burrito. Super stuff. Staff is friendly. Chips and queso are just so darn good. Must get the word out that this place is 1000x better than their competitors.  Been here both day and night. I must say I love eating here this is my cheat day food. Fresh press tortillas are awsome.
5	Outrageously good!!!!! I'm not going to say that its 5 star dining or anything but for the type of restaurant this is to me it gets 5 stars. I'm a big advocate of Chipotle and Panchero's kind of one up's them on every level, plus when you add queso like that to a burrito #BOOMSHAKALAKA it takes the burrito game up to a whole notha LEVEL!!!!! Another great factor is it's cheap and they always have some kind of deal going. Perfect meal for lunch or even a way better alternative for a family that wants to eat fast but doesn't want to have to get junk from a drive thru. I'm kind of a snob when it comes to ingredients and Panchero's does a good job to take care of their food so you can trust it. #THUMBSUP #HIGHFIVES all around and #GOODGAME Panchero's
5	I noticed Pancheros one day while I was driving, so my 8-year-old daughter and I checked it out Saturday night. We really liked the look of the place with lots of modern touches. The two working there that night, Thomas and Larissa (sorry if I spelled the names wrong!), were great! Thomas quickly greeted us as we came in, and was really helpful with it being our first time there. He had a great personality and was good with talking to my daughter and helping her with all of the options. She really liked watching the tortilla press!Aside from the great service, we really liked the food as well! We ordered 2 chicken tacos, a cheese quesadilla, and a burrito with carnitas. Needless to say, with just the 2 of us, we took some to go...the burritos are HUGE!! It was actually the width of my daughter's shoulders...we measured!! hahaThere were very few people in the restaurant while we were eating, so hopefully more people start trying it! We will definitely return!
4	You'll notice immediately that their restaurant concept is similar to a Chipotle or Qdoba however the fresh pressed tortillas are unique and do make a difference.  The burritos and burrito bowls are the way to go.  Skip the tacos.  I tried that once and it was just a huge mess.
5	This place is awesome. I'm def coming here instead of chipotle. Food is more authentic, service is kind, and serving size is quite generous for cost.
4	Prefer this place over the usual Chipotle. Taste's relatively the same as Chipotle, but a bit tastier. And the tortilla that they use is wonderful.However, I strongly urge you to put the queso in the burrito. That's the game changer.
4	Very good customer service. The staff always acts like they are happy you are there. Food is good given the price point.  This is a place that will get my repeat business.
4	Like Chipotle but hate parking, traffic around the mall?  Here you go...good fast casual mexican food, great prices, and a convienent location.
4	This is definitely a great place to eat. I was amazed that the tortillas are freshly done. Although this was my first time visiting, I am impressed with their food and would recommend for everybody to try them out. If you like Chipotle, try them out, the fresh tortillas give food a better flavor.
2	Not nearly as good as chipotle. The vegetables were not fresh, salsa was mediocre. Guacamole was blackened due to age, lousy iced tea . Big disappointment.
5	I work close by and have stopped in a couple times to get food to go. I personally like the food here better than qudoba or chipotle. The rice is nice and spiced and the beans an chicken are always great. Portion sizes are hue and the fresh tortillas are awesome.
4	Fresh pressed tortillas are so chewy and flavorful that I bought two extra to take home to make breakfast burritos. I always order the cheese quesadilla with black beans. Rice.veggies and it is huge and costs somewhere around $4.50. Parking lot is always clear with few people inside. I think their rear facing sign and entrance are to blame- certainly not the food.
4	First off...it's a burrito place.  Sorta like Chipotle.  One big difference is that they start with a ball of dough.  They pop it into a press and out comes a tortilla.  Very fresh.  Then the usual rice and beans and filling.  Etc.I give it four stars as a burrito place.  I'm not comparing it to a steak house or a full Mexican place.  For what it is it's very good.  Very tasty, very fresh.  They even have a stamp card for frequent diners.
2	I'm not a fan I'm trying to figure or what I didnt like.  Could be the quality of the ingredients. Maybe not the freshest. Like chipolte it tasted very salty.  I think I prefer chipolte.  I had a beef burrito. Maybe I like fresh carne asada.  Even filbertos has better flavor beef. The diet coke was very good.  I hated the hot salsa.
2	How does this place have four stars? We came in at 6:30 on a Friday night and it was empty except for one one table.  There were two girls working who were less them excited to help us or the gentleman waiting in front of us. I asked for a steak bowl and there was literally 4 little pieces of steak in the pan..I told her I really wanted Steak,  and she said they only had chicken or carnitas. We both said we really wanted steak,  the girl (Hispanic wears glasses) turned around grabbed 3 pieces of steak from a covered pan that was NOT hot cut it up and put it on my bowl. Lame!My food tasted like microwave saltiness,  and my boyfriend got a steak burrito and said it was chewy, salty, and rubbery.I give them one star for cleanliness,  and one star for having coke products. I wouldn't give this place a second try.
3	I have driven by several times so I decided to finally try it. I will say they have very good queso and the tortillas are very good. However, they weren't busy at all and the staff seemed annoyed both with each other and with me for 'disturbing' them with my order. Also, I ordered a chicken quesadilla and even commented is that it? Because they gave 7.. Yes literally 7... Small pieces of chicken.
4	Similar to chipotle, but more expensive. I like it better than chipotle though. I recommend the burrito. The tortillas are made fresh, and are amazing! I also recommend getting the queso. It is overpriced, but it makes the burrito. I love that they mix all the ingredients together before wrapping the burrito so every bite has a little of everything in it.
4	Wow - loved the Carnitas - so tender, flavorful, and not greasy.  And it's so cool that they offer queso and make fresh tortillas - I'm definitely coming back!
