4	3.5 starsI met a couple of friends at Julio G's the other night.  It was each of our first time there and we were actually pretty impressed.  It reminded me of a diner-type of feel - old school Mexican (Sonoran style I believe).   Very festive, and with this location's open air facility, it was refreshing.  (Not sure what it would be like on a summer night though!)Our server was really attentive and sweet.  We tried not to fill up on chips and salsa - always a challenge at Mexican restaurants and this was no exception.  Their salsa was fairly mild but delicious!  For our entrees, I had the shrimp fajitas while one friend had the veggie fajitas and another had chicken soft tacos.  Servings are pretty big - and everything we ordered came with rice and beans.My shrimp fajitas were sered in a spicy sauce that wasn't amazing... or maybe there was just too much of it.  Next time, I'll go with the veggie or perhaps chicken fajitas instead.  We were all too full for dessert... The total with everything i mentioned plus a beer and a diet coke came to $47 and change.  Not cheap but not crazy expensive.  Luckily, we had a $50 gift card; always a bonus!Overall, good Mexican experience - family friendly, attentive service, good food, easy parking situation, etc.... I'm sure I'll be back.  Hasta la proxima vez, Julio G!
4	4 stars so yes,  "I'm a fan"...but not necessarily because the entrees were anything great (they were just "ok").No, I love this place because whenever my girls and I were picking up carryout, the staffers would let us (or at least they knew better than to try and stop us?) fill up 64oz Big Gulp cups with salsa.MMMMmmmm good.  Notice I said it was the girls and I.  Don't eat this much salsa if you're planning on kissing anyone in the following 48-72 hours....
5	I'm sorry, but I just love Julio's.  I've been to all of them.  The Pollo Magnifico is to die for.  I hate it because it tastes so good, but is so bad for you.  It's a guilty pleasure that I just have to indulge in every now and then!  But, when I'm not eating a dish worth every bite of it's cheesy, deep fried 3,000 calories, a fajita barrito is a nice choice.  The queso dip is great and in general I've never been disappointed. I've been going to Julio's since I was a kid and I will be going until I'm old and frail- I love you Julio's!!!
4	I went here with my grandparents and Dad the other day... My grandparents go here enough that they are recognized by the staff. :)So you walk in and it looks very much like a mexican 5 and diner.  Very bright mexican restaurant colors (turquoise, red, yellow) and neon lights.  Modern-ish type decor... but not all the mexican decor like you would find in a normal mexican restaurant.The full bar was a cool touch though.  I didn't get to try any drinks... didn't think I should get tipsy in front of my grandparents. lolI had the Tiajuana Taco plate... it was good, but nothing to write home about.  My dad enjoyed his enchiladas and my grandpa got a veggie platter that was HUGE.  Veggie soup, grilled veggies and something else I wasn't able to recognize right away but he loved every single bit of it.The chips and salsa... I could eat it for days.  Awesome.The fast food side of Julio's is a nice touch, with menus you can take home to decide out of their large menu.
4	Love this place, a friend showed it to me one night and have fallen in love with it ever since.  Great salsa with there chips.  The place has been recently remodeled and it looks great.  Our waiter knew the menu well and was friendly.  Really refreshing open air place unlike other Mexican restaurants.  Went with my family recently and they loved it, good, efficient service.  No waiting to be seated.
3	Returned for another dinner with friends last night... While the food was still A-OK, the service was not.  Our waiter didn't check on us very often, and we waited several times for water refills, salsa refills, and to pay the bill.I don't recommend Julio's if you are in a hurry, but it's still a decent place to fill the Mexican craving!
3	Flying makes me hungry. Actually life makes me hungry, but flying makes me extra hungry.  It's hard work sitting on that plane for 4 hours! So as soon as I landed in Phoenix last night I was ready for some grub. Gabi K picked me up from the airport and took me straight to Julio's Too to meet some of her friends for dinner. When we arrived there was a basket of chips and lots of salsa waiting for us...thanks Julio!  As I filled up on chips I checked out the menu and was torn between the shrimp fajitas and fish tacos.  I decided on the shrimp tacos (as did Gabi) and soon we were greeted with LOTS of food. We probably should have shared, but like I said before...flying makes me hungry.  I've had better fajitas in my life, but they were tasty and VERY filling.Of course I managed to eat much more than one of Gabi's friends who's 4 months pregno, but I'll blame my piggyness on the flying.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place.  One of the most important things for me in Mexican food is salsa and hot sauce.  I do enjoy their versions here. The rest of the food is not great though.  The only thing I will eat here is a taco, they are pretty good and if you do decide to venture in I would recommend them.  Everything else I've had is blah. Not bad but not good either.  My mom and I come here everyonce in a while when we are in the area and want tacos. So that's that.
5	One of my favorites. The crispy chicken tacos are overstuffed with meat,lettuce,cheese and always filling. The prices are reasonable for what you get. Also like Julios g  too next door for quick take out  or "no Tip" casual meal. Self serve chips and mild chunky salsa  are terrific.
3	Julio's has pluses and minuses which equal out to about three stars in my book.  FIrst, let's outline the positive-Pollo Magnifico and the big star is actually the CHICKEN!!  I could actually do just fine with just a little less of the jalapeno cream cheese sauce/cheddar on top because the chicken really holds it's own. I must admit this is a dish that I cannot get past.  I order it every time I go, it's that good!Minuses would be the mopes behind the counter (I am not a regular patron but every single time I go the counter help is dreadful-thank goodness it's a short encounter), their salsas are free and worth price charged (they have a sweet/fake taste to me), and yucky Pepsi products at the pop dispenser (a.k.a. Diet PineSol).
3	Great for a quickie lunch.  I've never been to the restaurant side, just the takeout one.  The flautas are delicious even though I avoid the beans and the rice is usually kind of dry.  The beef tacos are good and the little chip/salsa bar is a nice touch.  I have yet to try everything, but so far it's a good little place to hit in a pinch.
3	Had a late lunch at Julio's Too the other day.  Food was absolutely fine, and washed itself down nicely with a Mexican beer I'd never heard of before from the fridge.Nothing outstanding, but nothing to complain about.  If I was walking past hungry, I'd certainly go back; would I go far out of my way?  Probably not.  Would I take my wife?  Yes.  A hot date?  Probably not.  Does it do what it set out to do - decent Mexican food in a diner setting?  Certainly does.
2	Very average and generic food. Cheap and fast but honestly qdoba is better and right down the street. I was really looking forward to this place based on some friend's recommendations but at the end of the day it was not superclean cheap Mexican food. They also forgot half of my order for takeout. So I ended up with a couple of rolled tacos despite paying for a platter.
3	We had lunch here not too long ago on recommendation. Though the servings were HUGE, I personally didn't like my quesadilla as it was a greasy, nasty mess. Also the chicken tasted as though it can out of a can.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food though....so maybe it was just me! :O)
4	After spending the day with my friend Austin, we were starving and came here for lunch.  I've never been here before, and or my first time, I have to say it was pretty darn good.Upon entering, there's two Julios....we went to the smaller one that seems to be more of a fast casual type setting....self serve nachos, fountian pop, and you place your order at the counter.  The other julios is more of a sit down resturant with servers...we wanted a more casual dining experience, so we kept it to Julio toos.I went with the Burro enchilada with shredded beef, rice and refried beans.  Prices here were awesome, and I got a ton of food.  Austin went with the mini chimi's, and I tried a few and they were tasty!!!  yummy.I have enough leftovers for dinner, and was quite full after finishing my meal here at lunch time.   Place is small, well decorated, has an outdoor patio and a wide variety of menu items to choose from.  Will be back in the future for more.
1	This was quick and convenient.  And..... it was quick and convenient.I ordered their fish taco plate and ended up biting into what tasted like a salt taco!  Yuck!  I thought it was just one spot on the fish, but my second taco was just as salty.My friend had a chicken quesadilla that was equally unpleasant.Unfortunately, the "serve yourself" chips and salsa could not make up for our disappointing entrees.  :(
2	Waited 30 minutes to get our food.  This is counter service and it was 7pm on a Thursday, so in my opinion, that's crazy.  It wasn't even busy, either.  Once we got our food (I got the chicken burrito with a side of beans) it was rather bland.  My hubby got a tamale, which was pretty much all masa and no beef.  Only good part of this restaurant was the salsa.
4	First time here--glad we came!  Free chips and salsa (always a great start to a Mexican meal!).  Hubby and I split the chicken fajitas, which were very tasty!  Good-sized portion with lots of red bell peppers, which we like. Served with side of rice and beans, guac, sour cream, and pico de gallo.  We each ate our fill and still had enough for a take-home 'fajita burrito' :D
4	Best chicken tacos in Phoenix.
5	Can't believe I have lived down the street from Julio's Too since 02/01/10 and I only tried them 11/03/12. They have great combos, the re-fried beans and rice are perfect and the burros enchilada style are just what I crave when I want Mexican food. My husband is not as keen on Mexican food he thinks Chipotle is the best Mexican in the world but he has picked up lunch here several times without any suggestions from me. So this is our neighborhood spot now, so sorry I never visited before. The have a punch card purchase 9 lunch combos get the 10th free and also they offer free chips and salsa.
5	really good authentic mexican food at a decent price. the staff is very good as well. i wasn't crazy about their salsa but everything else was simply delicious! recommend it and i know a lot of other ppl who have enjoyed it as well.
4	Let me start by saying I am not the biggest fan of Mexican food but this location has become a regular lunch time delight. Julio's has great combos, the re-fried beans and rice are perfect and the burros enchilada style are just what  the doctor ordered.  I used to think that  Chipotle had some of  the best Mexican food around but this is my neighborhood spot now. The have a punch card where if you purchase 9 lunch combos you get the 10th free. They also offer free tortilla  chips and your choice of mild or spicy salsa. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	The wait time was long and the staff wasn't very accommodating. the food is decent though.
5	This is one of my favorite places in my new neighborhood! The bar tenders are always smiling and upbeat and the serving staff is prompt and friendly! I love the food and the margaritas!!! I will always call that my get away!
2	Went the first time and it was gross!! The server had a attitude. The only reason for 2 stars was for the nice lady who dropped off the chips and salsa. Salsa was bland and tasted bad/old. The ground beef and shredded beef tacos were a light brown color... Never seen meat look that color. Taste was even worse than it looked bad and texture was huge chunks.. Beans and rice tasted like they were cooked in old fat and sitting for days. Do not waste any money in going here!!!
1	I have eaten at the sit down Julio G's on a number of occasions.  We have friends who really like their food, frankly it is good, but not top tier.  Decent, but nothing worth driving past other restaurants though the service has always been good.Today my wife and I had the misfortune  of stopping  by Julio's Too.  We figured, only a wall separates them, likely the same food.  Not so much.  While the taco's were good, we made two mistakes, ordering the green chili pork chimichanga and engaging the young lady who was working the cash register.  Let's say the chimichanga was not like any other chimichanga I have had before and not in a good way.  It did not have a nice crisp, golden exterior, largely it was a grey ball of tortilla was swimming in beans and rice.  When I asked the young lady working the cash register she said, "oh that is what our Chimichanga's are like".  Doughy balls of uncooked tortilla?  She grudgingly agreed to cook a new one for us.  Amazingly, the next chimichanga she brought was a lovely golden color, like every other chimichanga I have eaten.  Though even after bringing it, she said the first one had been deep fried.   Let it go, bring my new chimichanga and go away.  Please.Tip when ordering at Julio's Too,  the taco's are okay, but pass on the green chili chimichanga with a side of attitude from the employees.
2	Well. If you like greasy Mexican cuisine this is the place to dine. Certaunily not the same quality food that is served.at the original Julios. Save your money and go to Taco Bell.
5	The BEST! I considers myself a picky eater. Every item I've eaten at Julio's, the food has tasted wonderful. The service is top notch and the prices are great. If you're looking for good Mexican food and margaritas check out Julio's.
