3	Is being addicted to party supplies so wrong? I guess is better than being addicted to crack! Hahaha! So, where do I get my fix - Party City!I love that they everything for almost every kind of party. Everything from adult to child, summer to Christmas, Halloween to fiesta style, they will have what you need. Everything is priced very reasonably and you can be in and out in no time.They also had a great selection of costumes for Halloween this year with a very good return policy. You can return your costume for 100% refund until Oct 24th. So, next time you have a hair raising shin-dig make sure to deck yourself and your place up first by getting hooked up at your local Party City!
4	Came here to pick up a few supplies for my little boys 2nd Bday @ Disneyland. The sales people were very helpful and showed me to the Disney section and it was filled with alot of great things. I was amazed at the amount of Mickey Mouse themed items they had.I picked up  a few things and plan on coming back when I throw his actual party back in town.
4	You need party supplies?  More likely than not, you can find it here.  They have a wide selection of balloons.  They have themed sections, you can can easily buy a number of items.  I like making my own goodie bags, so the wide variety of candy on the cheap is good.
4	Dr Seuss celebrates his birthday and this Friday the student's at my daughters school are wearing costumes or anything related to their favorite character.  I went here to check out the Dr. Seuss section which didn't have a lot to choose from.  I had looked at a few stores before coming here and couldn't find anything with the Big Cat on it, so I ended up buying this big Dr. Seuss Birthday hat and cool shades and a red bow tie for my daughter.  I am just going to have her wear red and we will be set!  I did spend longer in the store than I had planned walking aisle and aisle.  What a great selection that have on everything.  While I was there I picked up lots of things that were green for my families holiday - St. Patrick's day!    The staff were very helpful.
3	I've stopped into this store twice now and I can say two things that stood out to me; 1. It's pretty spendy 2. They really don't have a wide variety. The staff is a constant pleasure to be around but with the prices, it's not always worth it. For instance to blow up 6 balloons that I brought from home for my husbands birthday *12" balloons, helium grade* it cost me $8. That's pretty ridiculous. Also I am in the middle of planning a baby shower and upon looking around I didn't see much for baby showers. It's a cute store, fun to walk around and look but other than that, not my cup of tea.
3	I love all of the supplies in this place and once again, completely lost my mind when showing for my daughter's Tinker Bell party.  Here in lies the problem, the person blowing up the $20 four foot tall Tinker Bell balloon did a poor job.  She did not fill Tinker's body well.  I bought the balloon at 7 pm Friday night.  By 10 am the next morning, poor Tinker was doubled over.  Her wings were filled well and still floated up, but with Tinker looking at her belly, the balloon did not have the same effect for the party.Boo!
2	Two employees from there were extremely rude ( bri & Bree) as soon as I left they huddled up to talk about whatever it, it seemed like their customers bothered whatever it was they were doing ... Never giving them my service again!!!
4	Got my grandkids Halloween costumes here...  Very well stocked and loads and loads of accessories, ie: make-up, liquid blood-like in tube, shoes, wigs, jewelry.  Great prices too.  A little disorganized with additional / temporary help for the holidays though
4	If you are planning a party and can't find some of the stuff you need this is the place to go! They have so much to choose from it is almost overwhelming! This is a great place to get a balloons. They have a great selection and are always able to fill them quickly. They will also point you to the right direction when you are looking for something.
1	Purchased a fog machine and it was defective but lo and behold I can only do an exchange despite the fact it doesn't work! I don't want an exchange, I wanted a refund, but because it is too close to Halloween they won't help give me my money back.  Will certainly never bring my business back here!!!
3	I've shopped here a few times for different occasions.  It's usually for a holiday or football party.  They always seem to have what I need.  The location is a bit of a nuisance as it's located in the same parking area as Walmart.   There is always plenty of parking but always hectic.  The store itself is very clean and organized.  The rows are organized by themes and/or colors.  When I have stopped in, there are one maybe two employees working.  It's good for checking out but when you need help, not so much.  Definitely when you need party supplies, it's a great place. I'm sure I'll be back again.
5	We were looking for masks for a mascarade party and the girl at the front desk went out of her way to pull old ones from the back. Excellent customer service!
