5	Have you been to Viva Arepas?  If you have, you'll love Felix Hotdog Taco Shop!  It's the same owners.   If you haven't, you need to visit both!  Felix Hotdog Taco Shop is literally a taco stand in the parking lot of Dino's.  So be aware there's no tables. I seriously had the best hot dog I've ever had!  Don't expect your everyday hot dog though.  Words can't describe.  When they ask if you want cheese on it, just say yes.  The rotisserie chicken street tacos are $1 and are delicious.  If you love hot dogs or street tacos, you won't be disappointed.   I may start keeping beach chairs in my trunk at all times for impromptu street tacos!
4	Stopped by for a quick snack after seeing Penn and Teller. This place is legit, albeit a little shady of a neighborhood and interesting folks walking by, but worth it to stop.We had a carne asada burrito, $5, no rice no beans thank you...that ain't Mexican son! Smallish, made with a homemade tortilla and wrapped in foil, cut in half for your convenience. We're used to some big ass carne asada burritos here in San Diego, but it was delish.I had a hot dog covered in Mexican cheese, canned french fries, bacon, perfectly chopped onions, tomatoes and some kind of sauce.I asked for no sauerkraut nor relish and that damn hotdog was as delicious as could be. The hot dog was like those monsters you see on the Travel Channel where a small doggie is covered with everything but the kitchen sink. I was asked if I wanted a beef or pork hot dog and I chose the beef but should'bve gotten the sausage I think, those are supposedly homemade...the roll was big enough to handle all the fixings but a fork was needed to eat the entire event.There are stools outside the little stand where you can eat your food while it sits on the metal counter surrounding the joint. Ironically, for a stand that looks as though it could've come straight from Tijuana, it had a fancy, e-order system where the young cook could see and create the orders quickly. About $11 bucks for the burrito, hot dog and a Coke.Lots of different Mexican standbys, lots of pics and a decent parking lot....Good stuff but Prilosec might be in order if it's late and you're old like us :o)
5	Yup, I stood out in the 112 degree heat to try my first hot dog at Felix's...the pork sausage, with a whole bunch of stuff on it (with more than a slight sense of irony, I asked them to hold the bacon).  It was delicious...as was the cold pineapple drink I had to wash it down.  Loved it.
5	BEST DAMN HOT DOG YOU WILL EVER EAT. PERIOD.Order the pork. Dig in. Immediately have a food induced orgasm. A few blocks north of The Stratosphere. Kinda seedy area, but no one ever messed with me, and honestly if you are scared to walk down a major street in public, go back to The Bellagio and order some gluten free, organic quiche or whatever. You probably haven't lived enough to appreciate the working class gourmet flavor here. Damn. I want one now....mmmmm Felix Pork Hot Dog....drool.
5	WoW!!! I was very skeptical going to a tiny taco shop across the street from a strip club. But boy I'm glad I did. The pork tacos are the best I've had! Plus you can see the pork being roasted! Amazing!!
4	The original viva las arepas owners decided to rent the spot so they no longer have the hot dogs that you see on the pics.. They only offer mexican food, however, their tacos are still pretty good! When I was originally looking for this place I was thinking it was a normal restaurant but it's actually a stand.  Either way, i would recommend you to try it!
