1	This place is a ripoff. I had a storage unit for 2 years here. When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees. They had no concern for my situation, the staff is very unfriendly. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
5	I have moved in and out of this location several times for my customer's and they have always been happy with their experience.  My crew has been in contact with the management and they have always been helpful and professional.   I would not hesitate to recommend them or use their facilities for my own storage of household goods.  If you need a place to store your stuff this is the place in the north valley.
3	So there is only one review on Yelp for this joint, and a few tips. I thought that the review was just from a disgruntled customer at first, so I figured, why not. I'm currently in the process of moving to Oregon, so a lot of our things needed to go to storage for short term. Since Uncle Bob's Storage is right down the street, and also the least expensive we could find in the area (although, not by much), it seemed like the review could be bypassed.We made our reservation online for the unit and moving truck (free with rental), so that was really nice. Upon arrival, the guy behind the counter greeted us quickly. I believe his name Paul, he was super nice and helped us through the contract and legal jazz. No issues at all with him. In fact, kudos to you Paul, because honestly you have to deal with Norissa, and she is quite the "gem".  It seemed like she kept cutting into our conversation (while on her cell phone personal calls), to say things that were off putting to a new client. When he was explaining how our unit had to be cleaned out upon our vacating the premises, she chimed in rudely "anytime you litter we can charge you $100". um, hello, aren't you trying to get business?Another issue was with the yelp check in. When you check in, you are able to get 15 free boxes. Paul had not seen the yelp ad before (which is fine, most company employees anywhere don't know they exist), so he asked Norissa about it. She put my phone one the counter and said, again rudely, "we are out of boxes anyways but this doesn't apply to you because you got a free months rent". hmm. okay . . . . thanks welcome wagon.So anyways, there are also a lot of start up fees that aren't listed on the website, but in the agreement, it's all very clear and easy to understand. Uncle Bob's storage is a nice place (so far), it just seems to be the staff that fellow yelpers have issues with.
5	This place is great!!  Clean, modern and well maintained.  The entire staff is responsive, friendly, courteous and accommodating which make this the ideal storage facility for my household overflow of items.  I've been renting multiple spaces for the past year and am completely satisfied with their service.
5	I had a unit for fours years. The staff is great. They went through a renovation and moved me to a different unit using professional movers. I never had any problems with the facility or the representatives. It is a clean well run storage facility. I would definately use them again and would not hesitate to recommend to any of my friends.
5	I rented a space for a vehicle for about a year.  We had some family issues that happend and the folks at uncle bobs handled this with great care and professionalism. I could not be more happy with the staff and bussiness practices of these folks. They are always there to give helpful tips and advice for moving too.  Sharing their expertise.thank you Doug and staff at Uncle Bobs.
