2	Well, this show is half magic & half dance.  The costumes are really cool, takes you back to a similar feel from the movie Wild Wild West with Will Smith.  I'm not really into magic, but there were 2 illusions that were pretty cool.  The two magicians are older cheesy men who don't talk, which is nice.  One of them, attempted to do some acrobatic cirque flying through the air on scarves thing, it looked really bad & you could tell he just learned how to do it.  I felt bad for him.In the introduction, a dancer talks about Steampunk & that's what the show is about, the show really has nothing to do with it:"Steampunk is a sub-genre of science fiction, alternate history, and speculative fiction that came into prominence during the 1980s and early 1990s.[1] Specifically, steampunk involves an era or world where steam power is still widely used--usually the 19th century and often Victorian era Britain--that incorporates prominent elements of either science fiction or fantasy. Works of steampunk often feature anachronistic technology or futuristic innovations as Victorians may have envisioned them; in other words, based on a Victorian perspective on fashion, culture, architectural style, art, etc. This technology may include such fictional machines as those found in the works of H. G. Wells and Jules Verne or real technologies like the computer but developed earlier in an alternate history."The only steam in the show was prior to the performance a few squirts of steam on the stage before the show started & the costumes were of this era.  I think it had potential to be pretty cool, but it didn't go where I thought it would.  I would give it a 6/10 & will most likely not recommend it.
1	This is seriously the worst show I have ever seen in Las Vegas.  I cannot believe the Hilton would allow such a lousy show to be put forward there.  With so many good shows in Vegas, do not waste your time or money on this one.There was a small, discrete sign at the entrance that said this show as a "preview"  - that too is a disappointment.  At no point during the purchase of my tickets online, or when picking them up at will-call was this disclosed.  I don't think it mattered anyway, I can't picture this show getting any better as a "full scale" production.The only positive parts of this show was the extremely talented dancers, great choreography and great costumes.  Unfortunately, that doesn't make up for the lame, amateurish performance by the two main magicians.  There is absolutely no storyline, and absolutely no "steampunk" theme in the show itself.  I was really looking forward to that, since I enjoyed the steampunk theme in Wild Wild West.This show probably won't be around much longer.
2	Could be a great show, however in this version it misses in far too many ways. As it says its about time travel where the journey is interpreted through dance. At each destination through time the "Magicians" perform an act before progressing on to the next destination. The Magicians acts are poorly staged, executed and mundane. Much of the music leaves a lot to be desired. There is a huge video screen that is poorly utilized in helping you follow the progression of the journey. This show could really be fun, however Much stronger/better illusionists are needed to carry the show. The dance numbers are average and a few dancers always seem to be out of sync. I hope they revamp the show to make it more edgy and it would get a following if it were brought up to higher standards.
1	Perhaps my expectations were too great because Triumph sounds like a great concept on paper - a steampunk show that blends Jules Verne with Vegas style dance, acrobatics and magic.Alas, the show falls apart when it fails to deliver on its core concept - there is no steam punk.  There is a preposterous opening narrative that lays the groundwork for something that never quite materializes.  Instead, the audience is treated to a creepy, old duo of magicians who look like Siegfriend & Roy (pre-tiger) on steroids and mince about the stage silently performing the sorts of illusions we should all be bored of by now.The supposed process of time travel is never explored, unless the mechanism for shifting between eras is impaling show girls on spikes and making large silver balls hover beneath silk scarves.  Whoever created the show not only made no attempt to learn anything about the Steampunk genre apart from initial costuming (nary a zeppelin in the set background) but also appears to possess a third-grader's knowledge of different cultures and time periods;  their version of china is like something from a racist Warner Brothers cartoon in the 50's, they clad the magician in head wrap traditionally worn by hindu women and I think India was supposedly represented by simply having the dancers take off their shirts.  It gets to the point where you expect a rendition of Walk Like an Egyptian to take place when they inevitably visit the land of the pharaohs.It is unclear why they bothered with video screens when all they showed were cheesy photoshopped images of Mayan temples, the Statue of Liberty and the Leaning Tower of Pisa that more often than not just seemed to be non sequitur.  I also disagree with the reviewer who praised the dancing and choreography.  The movements were not crisp, frequently out of sync and the choreography itself looked like it was meant to be a parody of bad dancing.  Better yet, a couple of the male dancers were outright out of shape (we don't need to see muffin-top during shirtless numbers).  We got our tickets "1/2 price" for 40 bucks.  I cannot imagine how much self-loathing and regret would have accompanied paying the full 70+ dollars for them.  I do know that they only filled the first three rows of the auditorium, meaning the show probably is going to last much longer without a miracle.  Thankfully, we were seated near the "self-service" bar where I picked up the most expensive trio of shots I've found in Vegas.At least Bite, the Rock and Roll Vampire Show at the Stratosphere, is over the top.  Triumph is a straight flop.
2	One of the performers of the show took a seat close to me when the "introduction" took place. She was dressed in a pretty hot outfit and so that was pretty cool and got my attention. However, that was about as exciting as the show got as the rest of it seemed like a mess.I couldn't understand a damn thing that the lead performer said when he was setting up the performance and that same theme kind of persisted throughout. The Steampunk idea was a great concept, just executed poorly. I thought my wife would like the dancing as she is a fan of "So you think you can dance", but she thought it was terrible and really boring. During more than one of dances, there mysterious wardrobe malfunctions and microphone miscues. The most embarrassing thing happened when during an African (?) dance number, the leads loincloth halfway came off and most of his ass was hanging out. Those weird, old magicians were really very average, too. It seemed like they did the same illusion about six different ways. It was just repetitive and they failed to add anything to the show for me. i just didn't get why they were there.Also, the show says that it is kid-friendly, but there were some suggestive themes and dancing that made me cringe a little bit. I wish my daughter would have stayed home! She was bored anyways, but has really liked other Vegas shows like Nathan Burton.If I would have paid for the show, I would have asked for my money back.
4	Just saw the show last night!  Totally has something for everybody and is really a show that the whole family can attend!  Great magic tricks, music and dancing and the costumes and set were over the top!  Really a very simple story, easy to follow with narrations and video support.  Again, we highly recommend this show.  Also, the 2 magicians come out at the end and shake everyones hands and take photos also.  Nice touch.The Johnson family
3	The three stars are mostly for the dancing.  The rest of the show had some issues.   For one, like the other yelpers were saying, the show fails to deliver on the steampunk theme, and really, what the hell does time travel have to do with steampunk?  And there was hardly anything to let you know when they went from " time to time."   Then there were the magicians.  Before attending the show and reading the yelps about them, I didn't think they could be that bad, but most of it was pretty lame.  The first trick where they make the girl levitate, you could see the arm from the mechanical lift poking out through the curtains.  Other tricks were easily explained.   Maybe the lamest thing of the whole show was when one of the magicians did some stuff with the scarfs hanging from the ceiling routine.  Like Jen C said, you could tell he just learned how to do it, doing stuff you and I could do first time out.   But the most embarressing thing was how few people were there.  Sure, it was a Wednesday in Feb., but there were fewer than 100 people, probably closer to 75.  We were sitting in the front row, and when it came time to clap, I could swear I was the only one in the whole place who was applauding.  I felt bad for the dancers, who were actually not bad.   Like others said, this show has potential.  Incorperate a real steampunk theme, lose the Seigfried & Roy wannabes, and perhaps move to a more happening casino.  The Hilton sucks!     P.S.  To top it all off, while leaving the show, some guy and his girlfriend who were sitting in the front row had one of the dancers wink at his gf, and he was ballistic afterwards.  What a moron.
