5	Jackrabbit has once again made it back on top as the place to be if your going out for a night in Scottsdale. Jackrabbit has new owners and New security/door men/ wait staff/ bartenders....basically from what I saw they came in and cleaned up the place. The patio is remodeled as well as VIP areas. I was very impressed the past 2 visits. I personally think they have the hottest wait staff in scottsdale, so if your getting a VIP table that is a big perk.I recommend going here on a Thursday night. It's Thursday Baby! Thursday promotion in which they usually bring in live talent. The Night I was there ..FAR EAST MOVEMENT and MIMS were performing, which is all included in the cover. Or get in Free by FACEBOOK ...you can contact the owner Don Serpe on his personal page or one of Jackrabbit's other pages and you are put on a list. He seems like a great fresh face for a place that had problems. I also checked out Saturday night this week and DMX performed. From what promoters told me at the club they will have a Live Big Name Artist there every week putting on a show for all to enjoy. Only Con is if you dont like a lot a people this is not the place for you. It does get full and takes you time to get through the crowd. Otherwise I am very impressed that they got rid of the rude staff and changed things up. I will be back with all my friends.
5	Jackrabbit Lounge is Still #1 in my book...Been back a few more times since the last post... Still the best spot. Still having great Service.  No cover before 10:30p and they always are having live entertainment show up.   B.O.B. was this last Saturday. Here's a link to the video from facebook.http://www.facebook.com/#!/video/video.php?v=1421432460623&notif_t=video_tag  Its worth the $10 cover if you show up later...no place is doing it like the new owners of Jackrabbit. If you pay this at other clubs....what do you get?? SOOO...get your friends together...check out Jackrabbit's Facebook page to pick out a night...and Do yourselves a favor and go have a good time at what I think is the best spot.On  side Note...I see the horrible service comments ...Ive never had bad service....never had any extra charges.....The staff of girls at Jackrabbit are hands down the best ;-)   I also take care of my waitress and tip accordingly...Ive been to all the other clubs(Revolver,PCL,Dirty Pretty)...just my opinion. Also the reason Im reviewing the club again..at a later date. Its a great spot and gets 5stars!!
5	Thursdays @ The rabbit have been going strong for the past 2 years and continue to impress me!
4	Def a fan of jackrabbits due to the music they play. All hip-hop.The first night i went it was packed, not sure if it is always that busy or just becasue J-Cole happened to show up that night. People dancing everywhere instead of just standing around like at some clubs, the drinks were pretty expensive, think i spent around 40 bucks just on two drinks, which is pretty damn high in my book. ( for sure pregame before you head here, so at least you have a good buzz going so you dont need to buy so many drinks). Overall its a fun place, good music and good mix of people.
3	I've been waiting a couple weeks to write this to let the dust settle and see how I really like this place. The fog has pushed out and I think I've settled on a a middle of the road kind of experience. The good:I actually really liked the looks of this place. Black and white without trying to hard to be sexy. A few tables and a centrally located bar. Nice.Big enough, but only just. It didn't start to feel too small, but you can still walk around.Nice-ish staff. I'm sure they can be prickly, but just behave yourself.The bad:Cover charge. Really? I mean, really? For what? You're okay, but get over the cover charge. Especially when you charge what you do for drinks, which brings me to...Prices. Ree-donkulous. My buddy dropped more than a Benny and he didn't have but a few drinks. Methinks not.The crowd was not my crowd. Then again, I'm a pasty dude from Utah, so my crowd is not exactly easy to find. Just know that it might not be your crowd... but unfortunately you won't know until after the cover charge.
5	Jackrabbit is one of my favorite places to go in Scottsdale! I love that I never have to pay a cover or wait in line. I have never had a problem with the service there, the bartenders are really fast at acknowledging everyone and getting them their drinks in a timely manner! One of the things that puts Jackrabbit above all the other lounges/clubs is they always have some type of entertainment going on, the burlesque shows are pretty sexy and last weekend they had a bikini show and E-40 was the special guest for the night! Another thing they have that other places don't have is a coat check (yes I know we live in Phoenix, but in the winter months when we do wear coats I don't like having to hold them or wear them inside.) Great environment and a fun place for night out in Scottsdale.
1	$40 PER PERSON cover on a Thursday night after 1am our group which was over half attractive girls.That's not a cover, that's assault and rape. Their loss though, our party (that was mostly hot girls) decided to just walk through a dark alley in South Phoenix to get fucked up and wake up with sore heads and no money.This was after the Steve Aokii set at Marquee Theatre sometime close to 1am. They couldn't even tell us about what time they may close. Unreal.
1	I had on a pair of open toed flat shoes and the bouncer would not let me in. He said it was a safety hazard. I found this to be ridiculous. I had on a nice outfit but just chose not to wear heels because my feet hurt that day. Oh well.
5	Always an amazing time on Saturday Nights. Amazing staff that understands how to treat a customer. It nice to find a place in Scottsdale that plays Hip-Hop and still has a dress code. A hidden gem with beautiful ladies!
5	Went for a girlfriend's bachelorette party this past weekend and had a great time. Great music, loved the bartender and waitresses.  The VIP hostess even comped us a bottle to help us celebrate! All the girls had a great time and I thought I'd write a little review so other ladies know where to go.  And gentlemen, there are lots of good looking ladies for you too.  Cheers Jackrabbit!
4	Been here a few times with frat boys but I never catch a good night. I mean hey, I obviously make the best of it and enjoy myself but it's never quite as packed as I'd hope it to be. Usually I find myself looking around and knowing everyone in the room which isn't what you're always looking for on a night out. It's a pleasure getting into Jackrabbit when you're with the right people and the bouncers have always treated me well. I remember going there last year after the Lupe Fiasco concert on a Thursday for my birthday and the bartender gave me a free drink.. or two ;)The music's great and I've even been on stage shaking my booty here and there. Though I doubt you'll be checking out the decor of the place next time your there, do check the wall paper its cheesy but cool!
3	I can't figure this place out - we've been a few times. $1 drinks until 11, but no one shows up until after 11. Big dance floor, good music.  Has potential - I guess....
1	Girl at front needs to work on her customer service skills give her a bar stool and she thinks she is god. The GM Javier tells us free cover before 11 and when we mention it to the girl she asks us to prove it with an attitude other bouncer ask us to move to the side and she yells at us like we want to sneak in. From what I saw it wasn't worth the trouble to call Javier again to get in it looked like a ghost town. Worst customer service.
3	Place seems okay and not too pretentious unlike some bars in the area. I am a single guy and got in on a Friday night (no cover charge) so far so good. I ordered a Budweiser and it costs $4 I handed the bartender a 5 expecting change but he just assumed it was a tip and never acknowledged me again. That definitely rubs me the wrong way and conveys a lack of customer service. It's only a dollar but it still bugged me.The place was packed. I go bar hopping and on a Friday this place is second to only El Hefe or Axis Radius. A lot of people but not a lot of room so expect to do more shuffling around the floor instead of dancing. Tables are on the side so there is a place to sit but you will most likely need a reservation for that. No patio for talking.  This place seems more suited for groups, parties or couples. If your looking to "hook up" or meet new people you might find this a difficult venue. I suggest el Hefe, or Axis Radius for that. I gave this place a 3 because I didn't really enjoy my first experience here but I'm willing to give it another chance  after I try other places in the area.
