4	How to rate a hospital?  A relative came in for surgery - they were running behind so he waited an extra 90 minutes before the surgery got underway.  And their ICU was full so he waited in recovery for 7 hours before he finally got into the ICU.  We spent 12 hours in the surgery waiting room, which was filled with uncomfortable chairs, TVs with no audio, and no windows.  Blargh.  The ICU took good care of him, and he said the food was ok.  (The cafeteria food was decent and cheap.)The nurses and doctors we interacted with were all wonderful, friendly and professional.  And the patient is doing well, thank you. :)
5	The ER staff here was awesome.  My best friend fell in our hotel room and opened her head up pretty badly.  They were fast and efficient and did a wonderful job of treating her.  Dr. Wayne Sears stitches wounds like an artist!
5	As far as Vegas goes this is the BEST!! Maternity staff is super, Dr.s are kind and informative. They really treat you well. No ridiculous wait in the ER, plus they have a children's center here.
4	My mother has a non-terminal form of cancer. So I've been to a lot of fuckin' hospitals in town as a visitor, is what I am saying.This one, I think, is the one you want to land at for your scheduled surgery. It is clean. The nurses at my mother's room seem on the ball. They put her in the woman's ward, and because she's had bad experiences at other hospitals with roommates, they gave her a private room on request. It is normally the isolation room, which is a bit weird. She had a problem with the television, and despite being short handed, maintenance got it fixed within a couple of hours.Amenities: well, all hospitals in Las Vegas have free wifi these days. Theirs is a pretty easy system to log in, and it was fast. They also have complimentary valet, which I appreciate. I broke a vase and had to buy a new one at the little shop: they gave me a discount for red day. Nice.Cost: I don't know yet, my mother's insurance is picking it up.Cafeteria Food: Cafeteria is clean, but cash only. On the day I went they had baked chicken, thai veggies and fried rice on the hot menu. I went for this and a bottle of mango juice, which was about 7 bucks all together. The baked chicken was dry/flavorless, but the fried rice and veg was surprisingly flavorful for hospital food. Except the veggies were drowned in oil. I saw the nurses carrying out bowls of just fried rice.Overall, it is well lit and clean and if you had a choice for elective surgery, the rooms are much nicer than at UMC or Valley.
1	I was brought to this facility after breaking my leg in a motorcycle accident last January. I found a majority of the support staff to be surly and downright rude. The nursing staff was about 50/50 as far as being caring and knowledgeable as opposed to the other half who were incompetent at best, and dangerous at worst. The orthopedic surgeon who treated me allowed a staph infection to go unchecked for 4 weeks before performing basic lab work and placing me on antibiotics. as a result of this, I had to have several more surgeries to cut away infected tissue and reconstruct the soft tissue around my knee. The rehab staff was one of the few positives about my experience with this facility, and they are to be commended for their caring attitude and professionalism. In short, I wouldn't send my dog to this place. Next time I'll go to UMC.
4	We had the unfortunated opportunity to come here because my Aunt developed invasive Group A Streptococcus.  She was transported here from Lake Havasu because they weren't capable of handling her immediate health deteriation.  By the time she got to Sunrise the infection was killing her kidneys, the took immediate steps and put her on dialysis.  She ended up passing 4 days after she got there, but the nurses, doctors and staff were wonderful in her care.  She was in the ICU and had an around the clock nurse.  They were very patient with our immediate family of 20 coming in and out vising with her.  The doctors would seek you out to provide status check and her nurses were always willing to answer your questions, no matter how large or small.  John in the ICU was our favorite.  He was awesome and completely understood our concerns and was very informative.  We did visit the cafeteria and the food was pretty good considering it was hosptial cafeteria food.  There were a lot of choices and we always left full.
4	I've been here a number of times for family members- once as outpatient myself. This hospital's layout is very easy to navigate- there are signs posted everywhere and arrows painted on the walls (yeah, that sounds funny, but it's very helpful). If you get lost, just ask the staff- they are eager to help- not annoyed when you ask them for directions. It's a clean facility and so many steps above UMC (in so many ways). There seems to be sane people here (working and visiting)- not shady types that make you ask the question, "What the hell am I doing here?" The waiting rooms are pretty good size. Parking is on both sides of the hospital on Maryland Parkway. I always see security guards on segways, which is a good thing. This is one of the two hospitals that I like that are located on this side of town. I would recommend this hospital. Also one of the closest to the Strip.
4	Not sure if calling myself a "REGULAR" at a HOSPITAL is a good thing.......HA!I've recently spent quite a bit of time in the Sunrise Hospital ED (a.k.a. ER) for school purposes.  I am required to complete "X" amount of hours in an ED before I can receive my EMT-Intermediate certification.  That being said, what a GREAT hospital!  ~Caring staff....~CLEAN environment....~Efficiently run/managed....~State of the art facility....After having worked side by side with the ED staff at Sunrise, I can easily say, without ZERO hesitation, if I have to be transported to a hospital after a traumatic event, I want to go to SUNRISE! *Now I must exit this review to go knock on some wood.......I'm a little superstitious!  No more car accidents in my future, PLEASE!  =/
4	Went to the emergency room here.  I was in and out in 3 hours, about 45 minutes to see a triage nurse, about 90 min to get a room, about 105 min to see the doctor, was patched up by 140 min and waited almost 40 min to get through payment and post-processing.The staff was friendly, the doctor was competent and knowledgeable.  The nurses were very pleasant and polite.The hospital was clean and not too packed.
4	I'm a firm believer of taking children to pediatricians or Childrens hospitals. Sunrise had just that. A Childrens ER unit. We were actually visiting from out of town when we found ourselves having to go to take my baby to the ER. The staff was nice and helpful. The wait was minimal. Two doctors checked on us(i swear one was Doogie Howser!) and we were in and out. I highly recommend sitting in the regular ER when you're bored to check out all of the hilarious scenes out of a movie!
1	I was bitten by a brown recluse on my neck when I was sleeping. At first, I didn't know what it was. It look like a pimple at first. Then as day goes by, it got worse. After the 4th days, my skin started to blister. Thats when I look up on line on what it was. I tried all the remedy that people had mention. I've keep my wound, clean.wash it with anti-bacteria soap very often. Now my wound was on it way, to healing already. But, my wife was concern about me and keep telling me to go check it out. Oh By the way, I tear up my house to look for the spider and found it on my 3rd day after my bite. I am a very clear person and my house is organize. It was the only spider in the house behind the drawer. I caught the spider and put it in a glass container. So I headed to the hospital, after my wife got home from work so she could watch the kids. As I got to the hospital the entrance was lock, and the sign said to go through the emergency entrance. I went in with my container. Talk to the reception, nicely. I am here to ask question about my spider bite. He really could answer me, and told me that the doctor will have to see and give diagnose. so I said ok. Then they ask me for my insurance which I have. so I give it to them. After he got all my information, I notice that the doctor was standing behind him listening and walk away. At first, I didn't know it was the doctor who was gonna diagnose me. After they go all my information, then she came back and I ask her all the questions, that is bothering me. She said it ok and ask me if I got a Tetanus shot. I told her,"NO". This to me took less than 5 mins. Took my blood pressure and send me to a room to wait. I waited for 10 mins. Then a nurse came in, gave me a shot and prescribe 2 medicine to take. ok. I know my insurance is 80/20. Then I went up to the counter to pay. I was told the bill would be $202 for me and the whole amount is $1020. I was to my shock. I'm like what? I ask again. then I ask for a print out and was to that the computer was down. The lady that collect the money, keep telling me about all the charges for the room, etc. I told her, but came just for information if anything else that I have to do. It less than 30mins here. she didn't care. I didn't want to make a scene so I charge it and left. I thought That was the end of it. Today I receive a bill for $504, plus $186 from some other place. I feel like I've been con buy the hospital. I call the hospital to talk to them and told them off. So, don't go to Sunrise. There take you for every penny and tell you at the end. I am unemploy with 4 young kids. My insurance is under my wife.
1	The staff at this hospital were very rude. I was standing at the window for 10 minutes while one of the nurses were yelling at her employees. Finally minutes later acknowledge that i was standing there. Twice i had nurses say "oh it's just a little throat problem." Until they saw the golfball lump inside my throat. (i was throwing up blood 30 minutes after being discharged.) That was before when i was about to throw up and couldn't get onto the scale and the nurse has said "NO THE SCALE IS OVER THERE." in a very rude manner and i patiently say, "look i am sorry i am about to throw up right here"..she never made any comment to what i said or told me where i should throw up. so my friend came in to help me because she was worried and the lady yells at her screaming patients only to GET OUT. One of the rudest nurses i've ever encountered. Later i had got prescribed vicodin for my pain in my throat and i let her know that my stomach was very weak that i had history going to the hospital taking that stuff before and she told me that it didn't matter, because whatever else she could give me would be the same way and still prescribed it. I am not taking it for the reason i had explained to her. I will say this time and time again and especially because i am in the nursing field, Nevada health care is horrible and horrible to their patients.
5	I was in an accident about 15 miles west of Laughlin, Nevada in December. I was first taken to Western Arizona Regional Medical Center in Bullhead City, AZ and once it was determined that I needed to be transferred to a trauma unit -- the closest trauma center to there is Sunrise in Las Vegas. After a 90 minute ambulance ride I arrived, was treated and released about a day later. Absolutely wonderful service, staff, and care.
4	The nurses here are pretty awesome, they listen to you. The food in the cafeteria is pretty tasty for being a hospital cafeteria.
2	Had to bring my hubby here as he was in pain (around 1am). We are from SoCal (with PPO insurance) and was here for the weekend.  The hospital took his info quick and got his vitals & stuff...I had to park the car and left him in the admitting section.  When I got back to the admitting section they were done with him (with IV & stuff) and ready to wheel him in the exam room.It took the doctor less than 10mins to get to him and asked questions before he ordered for CT Scan. After done with the tests, pain meds, etc...doctor came back with results and gave him prescription for meds to buy and was discharged after.  Hubby felt a little bit better but still in pain (pain killers were still active in his body).Total time spent in ER: 3 hours...We were still able to catch our (7:30am) flight in the morning to go back home. Updated info after the trip to the ER:As of today 4/4/12....My hubby just received a bill from the hospital for the remainder to be paid (after insurance was applied)...$900+ ($800+ just for the metabolic panel test).  With the kind of economy that we have right now...can anyone (aside from the rich people) just pay that amount as is without any hardship???My hubby's father who was hospitalized (heart related) recently paid less than my hubby's kidney stone incident!!!  The overall bill that was charged (before insurance) was over $11k----YUP, you read it right! That's just for the ER trip for the kidney stones and was released from the hospital after 3 hrs.Now go figure if that was excessive or not!Overall review: Staff was outstanding!Price/Billing for Services--- KILLER!You might survive on any disease or health problems...but beware of the billing statement...you might have a heart attack!
4	The building is a little old, but EACH staff member I encountered took good care of me. The ER is always unnerving (at least at the beginning), but you're in good hands if you end up admitted. Food was always on time but completely edible.. It's no Wynn buffet--still, at the end of the day, they'll get you fixed up. Spent near seven days here thanks to DVT (blood-clot in my leg, brought on by too much flying). Hopefully this is the only hospital I ever have to review... ;)
3	MDW we ended up in the E.R. The facility is clean, the nurses are knowledgeable and helpful. The waiting room is clean, it does look like an older hospital, they have vending machines and a water cooler. People think hospital bathrooms should be the cleanest since they're hospital bathrooms, but they're not. There's soooo much foot traffic at hospital bathrooms, but for being in the E.R. at 1am in the morning, they're bathrooms were very clean.Anyways, the E.R. was pretty busy that night ... but during the couple hours in the waiting room, there were people who had what looked like ALL of their belongings. I guess this is where the homeless come to "complain" of pain or something so they can get a good nights rest.Why did I even review this hospital?! LOL.
5	seriously the fastest er visit and best overnight hospital stay! not even 5 minutes in the er, i was admitted and waiting for a testing. usually the person waits like 30-45 mins to be seen by a doctor!!! awesome staff!! friendly!!! can't say much about the hospital food because it was bland!! lol
1	Simply HORRIBLE....GO ANYWHERE ELSE UNLESS YOU HAVE NO CHOICE.been in over 20 different ER's all over the country,this is one of the worst.Claimed a "7 minute wait time"....was there waiting OVER 6 hours to get "treated".Was in agonizing pain and was promised pain meds 30 minutes into the visit,got absolutely nothing the entire 6 hours after REPEATED requests for help.Was left there to suffer while they repeatedly called the same names over and over again (some dozens of times) not noticing that they were already in treatment ofr called by other nurses... Nobody on staff had a clue of where a single patient was the entire visit.8 different staff members all called the same name over and over again,not even noticing the patient was already in the treatment room....mass confusion.Nobody to help you if you are waiting and need immediate assistance.After waiting 6+ hours the DR did not touch me,look at me or do ANY exam whatsoever.....Just told me the CAT scan looked ok and they gave me a prescription for pain pills.Told me to see a specialist and sent me on my way.He had no idea what was wrong but released me anyway.I live a mile from this place but will either suffer at home or drive to somewhere that cares further away next time.
5	What a great hospital and ER. My friend got food posoning and was taken to the hospital while we were in Vegas.Amazing service, great nurses, online check in and the latest and greatest of technology was available!Not that I want to go back there again but, if I had to be at a hospital in Vegas it would be this one!
2	FOUR hour wait on a Tuesday morning!!! Ridiculous!! NEVER coming back! Once I did get checked in.. It was from person to person! No one knew wth was going on. I would have left if I could have!!
5	This is the best hospital to have baby.
1	Pathetic service. Most Walmart's are managed better than this dump.
1	They do not know the meaning of emergency...
1	Worst ER experience.  Does STANDARD PRECAUTIONS exist in this hospital?  No actual ER MD on duty.  Every patients were seen by a NP. "Wait, I thought this hospital was a trauma hospital?" ?????? Enough said!
1	HORRIBLE HOSPITAL! nurses are all rude, unprofessional, OLD ready to retire type and doesn't know what they are doing! ER doctor is only an NP! inexperienced NP! FNPnot even an acute care NP! i was rushed here for my allergic reaction to something and my heart rate was really high! Then i was discharged with the same Heart rate! Ridiculous! They're all incompetent and rude. They will triage u while standing. Wth! And u have to wait for hours just to get into a bed even if u are critically sick. worst hospital ever.
3	Here's my review...Initial observation of the hospital given the fact it's in the ghetto 4 starsThe staff in the ER waiting area 2 StarsThe cliental 1 star-unless they are here for a Jerry Springer tryout Cafeteria 3 StarsThe nurses in the heart of the hospital 5 starsDoctors...... we'll good luck finding them, no really! 1 won I met was as alive as the morgue and had as much personality as a wet noodle.That saying, a solid 3 stars for this joint. I wanted to say thank you to the nurses in the section my Dad was visiting. They were not only on the ball but had a great sense of humor, enjoyed being their & given the circumstances was a pleasure to meet.
4	Transported  to ER severe anaphylactic reaction and doctor miller was on board and so nice. He would check in as he promised and not let me leave without proper treatments. Admitted despite some improvement to critical care unit and nurses here are helpful. I m self sufficient for most part so I don't use call light but can imagine those who want constant nurse attention. Overall wait time each time you hit light is 5 mins. Not bad  unless something bad happened. The bed is awesome as it sense when u are at the edge and beeps. ER it was great. Could be I was brought by EMT vs walk in that determined urgency for them.Room in CMU small and toilet is outside. No private place to do business. Definitely your visitors need not use it! And those who stay over will hear and can see U in elements so choose wisely who you want over with you.
5	Without a doubt, the best hospital experience I have had in many, many years. My wife was seen by specialists who went the extra mile to determine the exact cause of her neuropathy and proceed with the necessary surgery to fix the problem. All the doctors were superb as well as the nurses. Tuee(I know I'm misspelling her name) was fantastic. Such a personality. If you have a choice...this is the hospital you want to be at.Thanks to all there.
1	Terrible experience multiple times. Boyfriends mom was in a coma for 2weeks and when she woke up she was hardly acknowledged by nurses, when she needed that extra help because she couldn't talk. They sent her home before they should have because she didn't have insurance that would pay for all the care. Boyfriend was in a car accident recently and ambulance took him to sunrise. The wait wasn't too terrible, but he went there complaining of back pain and all they did was give him a Tylenol and 2 bags of saline and several exceptionally large bills to pay. Saw an actual doctor for a total of 2 minutes the whole time we were there and yet received a physician's bill of $900. Hospital told us they would help with the hospital bill of 2,000 and reduce it to just under 300, but refused to give me a paper stating that. And now they are sending bills for the full amount. ER staff is rude and uncaring. They are unprofessional and talk down to you. I tried to tell the nurse that my boyfriend's IV want dripping any fluid, she dismissed my comment without looking and we were waiting for hours for the IV to finish before another nurse came and fixed it. He was bleeding a little and had glass in his arm and hand and while his nurse had time to chat and gossip with other er staff, she couldn't find time to clean his wounds.Last time I went there was yesterday. Seven months pregnant and bleeding vaginally a lot. The hospital is very close to my house, other wise we would have gone to st. rose sienna, where I plan to deliver. Anyway, I get to the er and obviously my boyfriend and I are panicked. The ER nurse turns us away and tells us we have to find our way to labor and delivery. It was kind of far and we were nervous to get lost. I wasnt offered a wheelchair even though I told her and the security guard I was bleeding a lot and was shaking. We find our way to labor and delivery and luckily there was no wait, I just had to fill out one page of paperwork. The nurse there was very nice. Her name was Kimberly and she called my nerves a lot and answered my "what if" questions honestly, but without scaring me. Doctor was kind of rude and made it sound like this was our fault for not being careful enough during sex. Ultrasound tech was very busy and seemed reluctant to answer my questions. They were concerned that I was having contractions, so they gave me fluids. Them they said I could leave, even though I was still having contractions..I overall hate this hospital. The only good thing was having Kimberly as my nurse.
1	Worst ER EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! online says 7minutes wait....but its actully 24hours wait!!! Stupid!!!!
1	Nurses are chatting their weekend plans and talking about different phones while people are suffering and needing help. They chat and chat while ignoring me.No one bothered to come and help. Even when I asked, they were annoyed. I was there for 10 hours and should have taken only 2. They lost my urine sample but did not ask me to do it again. They promised me that I will be helped but ignored me for hours. I asked one nurse for a blanket and she said, the hallway I was sitting helplessly was not her section and walked sway. It was the worst place I have ever been. These nurses need to be fired. They don't care about people.
1	If I could hive this place 0 stars I would , rude nurses inattentive nurses who just sig around pretending to be doing something asked for a work release form and got a ride remark from a nurse about making her mke another trip I hate this place SOOO much I cannot stress how rude they are !!!! DO NOT COME HERE !!
4	Our experience was wonderful with the Emergency Department, while in Vegas for a conference several years ago.I was rushed in by EMTs after hours of vomiting (eventually blood). They asked about alcohol consumption. I don't drink, but the EMTs figured it was food poisoning. They said about half of their calls are food poisoning. It's very common on The Strip. They asked me about my dinner, I told them it was Panda Express, and they said it was probably "bad Panda". (This was in the Venetian. Will never eat there again, and to date have never eaten at any other Panda!)They put me in a wheelchair (the hotel cooperated wonderfully) and we went to the hospital by ambulance. They started an IV en route. I freaking hate IVs but they had no choice, given the duration of vomiting and obvious dehydration. They were very careful and stayed completely unruffled. They were angels. Amazing how sweet and calm they are with such a stressful job, in the middle of the damn night! When we arrived at Sunrise, it was odd to see nurses smoking, but it was Vegas after all. They put me in a private room with a fantastic nurse. The doctor saw me right away, a really sweet guy with a smile and good bedside manner. They made sure I was totally comfortable with blankets (IVs can make you freaking COLD!! Brrr!) and a place for my sweetheart to sit. As sweet as they were, I wanted to get the hell out and said so. I was a damn mess. They said I could leave as soon as I peed. Pee is their indicator that the dehydration has been solved. The staff all remained cheerful throughout.The doctor explained that the eateries on The Strip often serve old, unfit for consumption food because they are open 24 hours. You never know what you're going to get. The sanitation is questionable and freshness often nil. Made us want to just get groceries and make our own food next time we're in Vegas. Hours went by, and I finally peed. They let me go, and even let me take a plastic barf pan with me in case I had any more nausea. I still have it to this day, and it's pink, so it coordinates with my office. They gave me a prescription for nausea pills. The pills were great, they really helped. (Of course if you are passing contaminated food or something, that needs to come out, and the pills won't stop that.)The missing star is for the exit wait. We had to wait quite a while for the staff at the counter to take our payment. It wasn't busy, so we didn't know what the holdup was. In my condition, it seemed like forever. That did allow some time for a cab to show up, to get back to our hotel. I glanced at the other reviews and am so sad that so many have had terrible experiences. I guess we truly lucked out because it could have been dreadful. I don't ever look forward to getting sick but Sunrise made it a much less atrocious experience than it could have ended up.The Venetian was incredible in letting us extend our stay for another night, even though we hadn't reserved it, because I was too frail to get on a plane when the sun came up. We changed our return flight. They were pretty booked up too, so we were very appreciative. They also provided a wheelchair for me to get downstairs, through the lobby, and out to the cab when the time came. If you've been to the Venetian, you know that's a lot of real estate to cover. It's gigantic. One of the biggest properties in the world. If you find yourself vomiting so hard and for so long that blood is coming out and you're too hoarse to speak, don't ignore it! Call the paramedics (the hotel did it for us) and re-hydrate. Dehydration can kill.
1	My mom was sent here by ambulance from an out-of-town hospital when she was  dizzy, unable to walk and a CT scan of her brain showed "spots that are concerning". She layed in her room for 24 hours before being seen or any procedures being ordered. Finally off to an MRI then another 24 hour wait with no info, no doctor. Nurses were unresponsive to bed alarms and sat around chatting. We were directly in front of the nurses station. I could see them at their desks. One walked by and simply asked "Are you ok?" "Oh you mean cause the alarm is going off? She sat back down." She walked in, rolled her eyes, turned it off and walked out. Then the lady in the next bed (fresh from heart surgery) set off her alarm. NO RESPONSE from the nurses. I said quite loudly "Good thing no one has fallen out of bed!" It was a full minute before anyone came in-all the while the alarm is blaring! The nurses assigned to mom were nice enough while in the room but when I approached them at their desk it was quite the opposite. The only plus was that they let me stay in her room as long as I wanted with no curfew. OK enough about the 5th floor nurses. I requested to complete a HIPPA release form. The case manager came in and had no idea what I was talking about. "You don't know what HIPPA is?" "No I don't. I don't do that" A person that works in health care doesn't know what HIPPA is???? It was good that she at least ordered a wheelchair and walker.When Dr. Swenson finally came in with the awful diagnosis he delivered the news abruptly and without compassion. He ordered her discharge and said I could call him if I had any questions. A bit later I tracked him down in the hall and asked him a question. He dismissed me with a pat on the shoulder and "just move forward" then turned and walked away. I have since tried to get in touch with him for medication questions and a work release letter for my daughter. 4 attempts 0 responses. I later discovered he is a "hospitalist" and gets paid by the hospital for each consultation not for being a decent doctor. Once moved to the discharge area we waited an hour for someone to come in and actually give us the paperwork to leave. There was a woman in the hall yelling that she had been waiting 2 hours and had to get on a plane. They begrudgingly helped her.Signed Release of Information paperwork with a nurse before we left. 1 week later the Release of Info department hasn't gotten it and I had start over. The guys in this department were great and walked me through what I had to do since we now live in northern California.On the plus side the cafeteria is good. Valet parking is great.
2	Although the care was good, we've had a huge problem with an incompetent billing department that has overshadowed our otherwise good experience. Our billing was processed to our insurance incorrectly, leading us to paying the bill directly to the hospital. That was in June of 2013. We've been the go between the hospital and the insurance. We got the two parties on the phone, the insurance talked the billing department through the correct procedures. Our insurance sent the hospital a check, which they cashed. Now, when we call to get our refund (because the hospital has cashed the insurance companies check, and therefore should be able to pass us our check), they say it will be 90 days. Silly that my wife and I had to spend 10-15 hours on the phone with them resolving this issue over the last 6 months, and we still have 3 more to go. We anticipate many more hours on the phone, but no more involvement with Sunrise on a medical basis.
4	I had my boyfriend drive me to the ER around 5:30am the other morning. I have SVT (heart condition) and it was acting up, making my resting heart rate 160bpm. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the parking lot was a far walk and they didn't have any wheelchairs available as well as the fact that there some really sketchy looking people in the waiting room (one was talking to himself about how much he hates America). Check-in took about 5 minutes and I was called back about 3 minutes later. They let my boyfriend come back with me which I really appreciated. They did an EKG on me and took me straight to the room. A nurse was waiting for me at the room and literally never left my room the entire time except to go get supplies. I saw a doctor immediately and he was very familiar with my condition. He came into my room about 4 times during the 2 hours I was there. The nurses and doctors were all very helpful and friendly. I was completely comfortable and calm. The bed was actually comfy for a hospital bed. And they provided a chair for my boyfriend to stay with me. I would definitely come back here if I needed a hospital in Vegas ever again.
1	The worst hospital ever. don't go there. Nurses don't care. The ER is a mess. And it gets worse from there. They have no consideration and no compassion. They do like your insurance though.
1	Worst hospital ever! Worst doctors, nurses, and CNAs ever! The 5th Floor Case Manager is inconsiderate and heartless. Worst doctors - Mark H. Steinhauher (does not know the meaning of good bedside manner) is arrogant and incompetent, an attending  physician, a neurologist, and pulmonary "specialist" (NOT) also all incompetent. They should all be ashamed to call themselves professionals. Beware of misdiagnosis and being prescribed wrong dosage of prescriptions!!!
1	1/23/2014 Edit "Worst hospital ever! Worst doctors, nurses, and CNAs ever! The 5th Floor Case Manager is inconsiderate and heartless. Worst doctors - Mark H. Steinhauher (does not know the meaning of good bedside manner) is arrogant and incompetent, an attending  physician, a neurologist, and pulmonary "" (NOT) also all incompetent. They should all be ashamed to refer to themselves professionals. Beware of misdiagnosis and being prescribed wrong dosage of medications!!!
1	I went there to visit and comfort my sister as she was going to give birth to her first child and my soon to be niece. She was at the Delivery Triage and there are a few steps before you can get there.       First you need a visitors pass, you get it at the front desk (photo ID required) and you snake your way through the maze of hallways following the signs the best you can. Finally after the adventure of finding the right place me and my family entered the Delivery Triage.       Upon entering I walked streight to the front desk where the receptionist is supposed to be. The nurses were in the back chatting away about a upcoming wedding. They ignored me as I politely asked to see my sister. I waited a minute for a response but the arrogant nurses kept talking to each other not even glancing toward the front desk. So I said, "okay I guess I'll just sit and wait".          I sat down and started reading my book for a couple minutes and after receiving no contact with the nurses I got fed up and went to the front desk again, waited for them to notice me, but yet again no staff member helped me. So I went to the visitors door to give a knock to get their attention, finally.           I gave that solid oak door 7 good knocks (to get their attention and to get them to start doing their jobs) and the lady behind the desk turned arround and gave me that 'how dare you' face. I was just happy that finally someone was going to help. She kept staring at me and I was in no mood to talk to them after I was disrespected and ignored so I pointed at the door so they could unlock it so I could visit my sister. A lady soon opened the door and asked what I wanted. And I said I'd like to visit my sister.         She walked me to her little room, I finally got there and she was happy. We talked, I made her laugh and got her all comfortable. She's in labor now but I felt like reviewing to let you know my experience with sunrise hospital.  Special thanks to the nurses for the motivation behind this review and Keep up with your hard work.     P.s. the vending machine coffee is extremely hot, but it taste great. Take advantage of the little extras you can add when punching the selection code.
1	1/23/2014 Edit "Worst hospital ever! Worst doctors, nurses, and CNAs ever! The 5th Floor Case Manager is inconsiderate and heartless. Worst doctors - Mark H. Steinhauher (does not know the meaning of good bedside manner) is arrogant and incompetent, an attending  physician, a neurologist, and pulmonary "specialist" (NOT) also all incompetent. They should all be ashamed to call themselves professionals. Beware of misdiagnosis and being prescribed wrong dosage of prescriptions!!!
1	I had a terrible experience at Sunrise Hospital which ended up putting me back in another hospital the day following my visit there. I was about 6 months pregnant and had a 102 fever along with a nasty stomach virus, on top of the terrible morning sickness I had been experiencing. I went to the emergency room because I couldn't keep any fluids down and the fever was getting higher. When I arrived at the hospital obviously very pregnant and very sick, I still had to wait. Once I got back into the emergency room they placed me in a chair in the hallway. I waited there for almost an hour until a doctor came to talk with me. He stated I just had a stomach bug, he prescribed me some anti nausea medication and sent me home. I wasn't even placed in a room or put on an I.V. even though I was obviously very dehydrated. The next day I was in the shower and nearly passed out. My husband found me lying on the bathtub floor very out of it. He rushed me to an emergency room at a different hospital where they immediately got me in and put me on an I.V. while they checked to make sure everything was okay. I later explained to them my experience the day before which even made them upset. They said that the level of dehydration I was experiencing could have potentially put me into a premature labor. A couple weeks later I received a bill from Sunrise Hospital for almost $2,000! For what?! I refused to pay the bill, for they endangered my life as well as the life of my unborn daughter. I highly recommend staying as far away from this hospital as possible. It's quite scary.
5	I spent two days on the 5th floor I shared ny room with a really nice lady the nurses where great they all came to my room if they needed cheering up they where wonderful I had two favorite nurses  they made it so much easier for me I was missing my kids n scared thank you for being so awesome.. the er on the other had was not very good the guy who had to put my I've in wasn't very nice...but we all have bad days
2	I'm grateful for the help from this hospital, but unfortunately, I'm regretting coming to this hospital. The only convenience is that it is about 6 minutes away from my home. Other than that, I wasn't too pleased. I arrived at the hospital at about 7am. Was seen about 745am. Went back into the waiting room, where I say for about two hours. I finally went to the front desk to see if they needed anything further from me. The lady at the counter asked if I had gone through certain tests... I let her know I had not, and she seemed pretty confused. Just a lot of confusion. One nurse called me in, and a couple minutes later, another nurse calls me in. They didn't communicate that I was being seen already. Just a huge lack of communication and a lot of confusion. It's almost 11am, and I'm still waiting on test results. Facility is falling apart... very unfortunate. :/ People working were pretty kind, but I'm wishing I had taken the longer drive to St. Rose.
1	This is by far the worst ER I have ever been to the staff is lazy and they have very poor work habits I came in at night thinking I wouldn't be in their that long i was their for 6 hours and my doctors didnt do anything to help my pain besides Providing me medication that took me 6 hours the ppl is weird it's police walking thru with k9 dogs it's just crazy I hope I never have to go bk to this place o yea and the housekeeping is old  and look like crack heads
4	Was taken good care of, takes a long time to get a bed because they are so busy. Took very good care of me in my room  and on a scale of 1 to 10 I give it a 9.5
1	If at all possible call around other hospitals first. ER department has very good doctors but,  the staff is less than helpful.  Ask them a question and you get "I DON'T KNOW",  nor did they offer to help. The answer was look around and see that we are busy.  What kind of patient care is that?  I guess when you need ER care it's OK.  I would recommend everyone checks out other Hospitals then decide where you would want to sit and wait.
1	I would not go here again even if I have to find new surgeons. My husband had laminectomy which was successfully performed by dr. Seiff. However, after the procedure he had cardiac complications (av fib).   The hospitalist, dr. Shuja, did not respond to nurse's paging for hours leaving his care to the nurse on duty.  When he finally responded we asked to have a cardiologist from my husband's group (who did have admitting privileges) called in.  Dr Shuja chose to ignore this request and called in someone of his choosing.  I also found one of the cna's to be totally unprofessional.
5	The best hospital to give birth in Las Vegas. We can not believe the quality of care here. Nurses go above and beyond. Our family is so grateful for my daughters outstanding care. Thank you Sunrise L&D!
5	Our 13 month old experienced a horrific trauma last month and we were airlifted to Sunrise. I believe with my whole heart that we couldn't have gotten better treatment. I can't say enough about the phenomenal doctors and generous-hearted nurses and respiratory therapists that we met. We were incredibly blessed by them all and are eternally grateful for the roles that each of them took in our miracle. I have never been in another PICU, but I can't fathom a better one.
5	Was at sunrise tues in the er from the nurse to the  doctor they were the best never received such great  care and respect as I did on my visit
4	These people really try hard. The ER staff very friendly and helpful. Seem very efficient. Very compentant.
1	I had a baby here this year and I would never suggest anybody give birth at this hospital. Nurses are rude! I had maybe 1-2 nice nurses. This old lady tried to force kick me out of my room so she can have people clean...ugh I just had a baby dumb dumb. I had random people that werent my nurse coming into my room when I'm breastfeeding my son. They will sometimes use my bathroom area as a kick it spot. So I had to get up out of bed while in pain at least 10 times a day to make sure my door was fully shut so they can't come in. What a pain. Literally. I hAd to also tell all these nurses I've met to close the door behind them because they will leave it open and next thing u know random people is in my room. Dangerous. Even people that aren't employed. The stupid nurse had our paperwork and turned it in having things crossed out without our knowledge and admin won't accept it so now my sons father is not on the birth certificate. Idiot! Little things like that now I have to go correct. I was so drained, tired, and in horrible pain after giving birth I literally couldn't get out of bed fast. Everything was hurting. Then I get this nurse who was trying to force me to go to breastfeeding class after I just told her if it's optional than I'm not going. I read all the breastfeeding things I need to know and etc. I mainly didn't want to go because I couldn't even keep my eyes open. I felt weak and exhausted. She kept forcing me sevetal times after i politely declined every time, but after 20 times trying to make me go i finally stated again to her rudely I'm not going that's the end of it. She backed off. I've been breastfeeding my son for almost a year. I have no problems. Another occasion happened when I took my son in for a circumcision. OMG! After my son went thru surgery, I came back there to calm him down. He was crying hysterically because of course the pain from the surgery. Tell me why this old witch grabs my son from me snd sticks a pedialyte down his throat where his crying was less quiet because the nipple from the bottle was blocking his throat. I told this witch don't be sticking it down his throat to stop him from crying he just came out of surgery. I grabbed my son back and she said he's such a drama queen. Excuse u ugly bitch. That got me mad. My son needed me do much I couldnt curse the bitch out. His crying had me occupied. After taking the bottle out of his mouth his crying was worse! This angers me thinking about it still.  A lot of these do called nurses don't dI their job right. Gossip about each other, text, do nothing, rude, etc. if u going to be a nurse make sure u care about taking care if people not for a check! Anywho look for a diff hospital people!
4	My daughter had a heart procedure here nearly a year ago, we had to spend all day at Sunrise the day of her procedure and she had several appointments at the medical center next door. The male nurse we had named Bruce was awesome. My daughter had to lay flat for 8 hours after her procedure (she's THREE!!) but Bruce made it a lot easier for her and brought her over a TV and some movies. It was a grueling 16+ hour day there but everyone we encountered from the nurses in the waiting area, the surgical team, receptionists and Bruce (who we spent the most time with) were all great. My baby girl is doing awesome and living a normal life now and should be able to for the remainder of her days. I am not sure if Bruce still works there but hopefully he is and maybe even remembers a little blonde girl named Kaylin. She had him cracking up in recovery once the pain subsided. Thanks again Sunrise, hopefully we never have to go back again- so thanks for making our first, and hopefully only impression a lasting one!
3	Got taken here by ambulance after a car accident. Was pregnant at the time. The Er does not have the tools needed to check on a baby. Had to wait for almost two hours to get to labor and delivery to have my baby checked. Sat around in the triage area emotional, shaken and injured with a bunch of crackheads. Literally crackheads and homeless fokes. I get it we all need medical care but geesh. I finally got up to labor and delivery and the doctor looked at me for around 1sec and discharged me. Anything could have happened. My car had 8k in damage and was hit by a hit and run driver. Luckily the kid is ok. I really feel that more attention and better equipment in the Er would have made the experience better. They will charge 5k all day long for that visit... At least provide good care! The staff in the ER was nice and that is why I give 3 stars. I would never come back if I had a choice .
