4	After moving to Central Phoenix... 2 years ago... I figured it was finally time to find myself a new dentist.  Like any modern girl, I asked all of my facebook friends for a referral, and ended up with a glowing recommendation of Dr. Davis's practice.  Since it had been a little too long between cleanings, the process took a long time and wasn't exactly pleasant... but I'm fully aware that this was my own doing.  I was incredibly impressed at how meticulous the hygienist was, and she was super friendly too.  Dr. Davis was fantastic (and I'm not just saying this because he told me I don't have any cavities!).  He was personable, responsive to my questions, and very knowledgeable.  I'm happy to have found a new dentist and am (sort-of) looking forward to my next visit... which will be soon, of course!
5	Having struggled with an infected tooth for several days, a good friend recommended Dr. Davis. I called their office at 8:45am and was able to see the doctor at 9:30am. The staff was courteous, friendly and professional. They took an x-ray and then consulted with me while showing me the x-ray and the huge amount of infection. Dr. Davis wrote a prescription for antibiotic and pain killer and said go home, rest and take care of yourself and come back in a week so we can do some work on that tooth. AMAZING attitude and so professional yet personable. I will be referring Dr. Davis for sure! Thank You Dr. Davis and staff!
5	I rarely give anyone a perfect score because I always think there is room for improvement but I have to admit that Dr Davis's office is near perfect.  I just moved here from out of state and was nervous about finding a new dentist since I've had a lot of past dental work.  Their staff is very nice and professional.  Ann the hygienist was super nice and very good.  Overall a very good experience.
5	Normally with any doctor or dentist I find it rare that I trust someone as much as I did with Dr. Davis and his staff. They are very professional and ensure that you are comfortable with any procedure. They take blood pressure prior to procedures with anesthesia and truly care about the patient as a whole. I felt like the treatment provided was actually necessary and not just for monetary benefits. They are very conservative with treatment and instead of telling me that I needed a filling right away Dr. Davis is watching an area of concern in hopes that it will not get worse. The hygienists they have on staff are so personable and nice with a gentle touch. I love getting my teeth cleaned in this office and always look forward to my visits at this office. The drive downtown from my house in Waddell is well worth it for the services that are provided at this office. I recommend this office to everyone.
