5	This place has a great mix of items - there is vintage furniture, clothing, and accessories.  There are a lot of other vintage items, such as old photo albums,  fabric, old maps, housewares, gorgeous sets of dishes.  In addition, the (super-nice) owner has some jewelry and bath/beauty products from independent designers and crafters, and regularly shows the work of local artists, with fun opening night parties.  In addition to the great variety, the prices are SO reasonable.You must make a stop here soon!  It's in a great section of a couple of blocks full of cute boutiques, and across from the tasty Coca Cafe.
4	I must say, I've been to a lot of vintage stores from Boston to Albuquerque, and this one is super cute! In a lot of vintage stores in New York I've wondered, who in their right mind would buy this (of course, there is quite a diverse group of people living in and around the city), but the items in Elements were super functional (actually things one might use) and carefully picked out. There was a great variety of housewares and jewelry in particular. I was pleasantly surprised. There were some ashtrays and sunglasses that I might have picked up had I not been trying to cut down on my baggage thanks to the newly enforced one checked bag per passenger rule. Bummer.
5	I love good vintage more than I love Fort Knox Pie.  Mmmmm Fox Knox Pie.  That's means I love vintage.  A lot.  The problem with most vintage stores though is that they're too expensive.  If someone can explain to me why I'd want to pay $20 for a worn tee-shirt that says "Elmhurst 5k Race 1989," I'd be much obliged.  Elements on the other hand, they're some kind of wonderful.  (Someone please break out into song here!)  For starters, they don't even sell t-shirts.  Elements is artistically nook and crannied with a host of fascinating vintage stuff from pretty dresses to rad furniture to romantically tattered old pictures to mirrors, gloves, hats, kitchen goods, decor and everything in between.  Best of all?  It's reasonable (and that's coming from a miser such as myself)!  Ah love!  Elements is worth the walk, ride, bike, fly, jet pack, teleportation or however it is you like to travel.
4	Great dresses.  Furniture is superb.  Great old postcards, photos, old raggedy mirrors.  Vintage chic to the max.  I love this store.  it's tucked away on the end of butler.  And it's just wonderful!
5	Elements is NOT out of business, but it has moved!  5171 Butler - about 13 blocks up the same street. http://thelawrencevillevibe.blogspot.com/2010/05/sunday-morning-praise-dawning.html
5	This place is awesome. If you like cool, unique items you have to check this place out. The store is much larger than it looks on the outside. When you are inside you will find that it is absolutely stuffed with treasures of every sort. I'm talking antiques, costume jewelry, handmade art, prints, vintage clothing, knick-knacks galore, and so many interesting odds and ends. The owner is willing to discuss any of her items with you. She is very nice. Prices are reasonable.
4	Good food, good service.  Classy place, nice view.  Great outdoor patio when the weather is nice.  Try it.
