4	I love Swarovski and their stores.  Everything is so pretty and sparkly!  This store carries a nice selection of jewelry, accessories, and gift items in all price ranges.  I am a little disappointed they don't use any solid gold in their jewelry, only gold plated.Every sales girl I have dealt with has been friendly and helpful, although the gal I spoke with today did come across as a little pushy.  This store has become one of my go-to places when I'm stuck on a gift.  But word of warning to the men...crystals are no substitute for diamonds!!!
1	My mother has had a Swarovski bracelet for some years, which she bought for about $250, and the clasp broke. She took it to the Swarovski store, and they sent it off to the factory for lifetime warranty repair. The following month we called the store to inquire about the bracelet. Surprisingly, the store has no way to track what was sent for repair  to the factory. We were assured, however, that it was a good sign that we didn't get a call. Three months later on my mom's birthday, we received it in the mail with the following letter:"Dear Swarovski Enthusiast -Thank you for the opportunity to evaluate your Swarovski repair. Unfortunately, we are unable to restore your design to its original sparkling condition.We assure you that this is a rare occurrence and hope that you will remain a Swarovski enthusiast.Sparkling regards,Swarovski Sparkle Center"If you buy an expensive piece and it breaks, good luck.
5	I like the fact that a retailer stays true. There are many stores out there, "specialty stores", that start to drift from the primary product and start carrying other things in their stores.., not Swarovski. The Swarovski store at Fashion Square is amazing. I love that the store is so small and the clerks are always so polite and friendly. I walk in, look at stuff, they get stuff, I look more, they get more... Yadda Yadda. They take special care with your purchases and really seem to enjoy what they do. 5 stars for putting up with me!
5	Excellent staff great follow up. The product is timeless quality. Bring a little Bing in your life and expect great service.
