4	The Nail Lounge was really a life saver today.  I was going out of town and had no time to get my nails done, but since this place is right across from the uptown YMCA I was able to get in and out during lunch with no problem and they did a great job on my nails.  They opened earlier this year, so if you're in the uptown area give them a try.
4	Today was my first time at the Nail Lounge, and I loved it. They got me in and out in under 40 minutes, and that included  removing the old shellac and a shellac polish change. I really liked the girls working in there too, the nail tech stopped me from choosing a color that didn't look as good on your nail as it did in the bottle- I really appreciate that kind of objective advice. She did a great job on my nails and was very friendly. I will definitely go back.
5	Fantastic place!  Great, friendly, efficient service.  I had a gathering & lunch for 12 clients at noon and then another for 12 at 3pm.  They serviced everyone as if they were the only people in there!  I set up lunch and hor d'oeuvres in one of the rooms, and they made sure 'our' guests always had a beverage and a fab manicure & pedicure.  I plan on using them again during the holidays.  Even parking was easy.  either on the street or in the garage.Definitely a go to nail place for anyone in Charlotte!
5	My best friend and I decided to get our nails done for her Christmas party.  We'd been to the Nail Lounge before and had a great experience, so we decided to return.  We went there knowing we wanted "Christmas red" gel nails, but what we didn't know was that Jimmy, the manager of the Nail Lounge, would add his own unique and awesome touch to them!  He insisted on us letting him add a design to one nail.  Initially, I was resistant because I'm not a fan of "designs", but I'm so glad I caved and let him do it.  He did an excellent job and truly added to the experience for us.  He is very talented and his nail art skills seem to be so effortless.  Check out our "Snowman" and "Santa's Belt" designs.  Aren't they classy and festive?!!  We absolutely LOVED them.  If you're looking for a nail salon with great customer service, and nail techs who are top-notch (and hilarious), I encourage you to check them out!!!  Shout out to Jimmy, Cue, Joanna and the rest of the crew from LaToya and Chara!  We'll be back soon!
5	Came into town for a wedding and was referred to this place by the Hyatt hotel. Boy was I glad! Located across from the YMCA in the Bank of America Building (I believe) located on the second floor.  This was by far the best manicure I ever had. Upon walking in, I was asked if i wanted complimentary wine or soda, Definitely went with the wine at 10:30am on a Saturday morning! While there we talked about the hot spots to go to which was beneficial to a visitor. My manicure manged to stay on for 2 weeks after the wedding and was cheap!  Highly recommend.
5	Absolutely loved it here.  They people were all very friendly and they did a fantastic job on my pink and white set and pedicure!!
5	The best nail salon in Charlotte. Very affordable. Pay attention to detail. Extremely friendly. Best nail salon I've ever been to. It's family owned and operated. Most nail salons don't converse or interact with clients, here it's like their best friends. A wonderful atmosphere.
4	Had a really nice mani/pedi here! It's a very casual place in the Wells Fargo office building...You'd hardly know it was there. I only found it because of my Yelp for a nice nail salon in Charlotte, while out here for a business trip with hubby. Anyway, I had a Wonderful Mani/Pedi here, at a VERY reasonable price. The tech was very thorough, and did a beautiful job! Would highly recommend!!
5	Popped in to get a quick manicure and they were great. It's a quick mani, I did expect a little longer, but for $12 I definitely got what I paid for.  Service was super friendly. I'm visiting from out of town and would recommend to anyone. It is hard to find, just look for the YMCA on the second floor of the Wells Fargo Building and you'll find it.
