1	I'd give this company location no stars if possible.On Thursday, March 21 I arrived to pick up a car I'd reserved over a week prior. The king of the Enterprise rental counter, whose name I wish I'd gotten so that I could name and shame him, had a terrible, condescending attitude right off the bat. It's one thing if your reason for not honoring my reservation is some wonky company policy, but it's quite another to talk down to me in a smarmy voice, be needlessly difficult, and rude.I was informed at the counter that my Visa debit card was not considered a "major" credit card, even though I use it any and everywhere such a thing is required, and have for 20 years. I was asked for several pieces of mail to prove myself, but then told that even if I with all of that extra identification he couldn't rent to me the intermediate size SUV I'd reserved. At every turn Counter King would place another hurdle in front of me, and if I would comply, he'd think up another reason not to honor my reservation. He repeatedly used phrases like, "Let me explain it so you can understand..." Are you kidding me? When it became clear that I was not going to get what I had reserved, I decided there was no way I'd take a downgrade and give that company my money. Counter King warned me more than once that any other rental company I went to would be the same, if not more difficult. Well, the most difficult thing about getting the car I did rent an hour later was the drive to Budget. With my Visa debit card, without having to give or even being asked for mail or proof other than my driver license, I zoomed out in a nice little Ford Escape. Thank you, Budget. I've always used you, and should not have looked elsewhere.Enterprise....never again. You are shunned.
5	They gave me an amazing price and excellent service!
5	This Enterprise is awesome. They answered all of my questions honestly, honored my coupon without hassle, and had the truck I rented ready and washed when we arrived. Daniel has amazing customer service, didn't push any extras, and even called to make sure we were satisfied once we got the truck. I will be back to this location, because of the outstanding service.
