5	I'm a Madison native and usually stay with my parents. But this trip for a family funeral called for a hotel. We figured we might end up staying a week (eventually did eight nights) so wanted something more homelike with a separate bedroom and living area. And we wanted to do it economically. The Grandstay was perfect and well under neighboring Staybridge, Residence Inn and others.We had never heard of the chain before and found it on Expedia. It was perfect. Every single staff person we encountered all week made us feel at home. Anything we needed was taken care of. Being primarily a longstay hotel, you don't see a lot of the guests. We actually went a few days before seeing anyone else on our schedule. We felt like we owned the place. The lobby became our living room, with a nice fireplace and overstuffed chairs. The breakfast room was perfect for gathering with friends who also came in for a few nights. The pool was the highlight for our local grandaughter who came to visit.We stayed in a one-bedroom suite. I also checked out the two-bedroom and one-room suites. The rooms were all decent size and very comfortable. Kitchenettes featured a full-sized refrigerator, cooktop, dishwasher and microwave.Rooms include a complimentary breakfast with a wide range of choices including hot waffles.The location is outstanding, with easy access to the freeway. It was 10 minutes to the airport, 15 minutes to downtown. There are lots of really good restaurant choices at nearby East Towne, and a fabulous sports bar (Pooleys) just a block away.Thanks to the management for a great stay. We would absolutely make this our permanent stop in Madison next time.
5	After finding this hotel during a crisis a few years ago, we've continued to make it our home away from home in Madison on several trips. I still can't believe that for $70 you can get such a great suite with a full breakfast.
4	We booked this hotel a few nights before staying here.  We were very surprised.  We had a one bedroom suite.  There are full kitchens with dishes.  The free breakfast was great: waffles, sausage, french toast, fruit, yogurt, milk, juices, bagels, and more.  We all found something we liked to eat.  We paid about $94 for the night and with breakfast included this was a great deal!  My in-laws also traveled with us and had the same style of suite next door,  they were very impressed.  This hotel was pet friendly.The staff was super nice and very funny.  Makenzie and Peter at the front desk were so funny and helpful!  I really wish the pool area had been much bigger with water slides and a water play area for kids.  We'd stay again if we couldn't get a room some place with a water park area.
4	We came here for a quick weekend getaway from Chicago with our 9 month old son and it met our needs perfectly.  The hotel was clean and our room was a true "suite" where the living area was separated from the bedroom by a door, so that we could put our son to sleep in the hotel-provided pack 'n play in the bedroom and he wasn't disturbed.  The kitchenette was well stocked (utensils, plates, microwave, paper towels, full-sized fridge), which we appreciated since it meant less stuff that we had to lug around with our baby stuff.  The swimming pool and hot tub were small but fine, and we enjoyed the outdoor area where they have a half basketball court and picnic tables.  We brought a picnic blanket and were able to enjoy dessert outside with our son in the beautiful weather, a nice and unique amenity.The hotel offers complementary "hot" breakfasts, and for those who are as curious as we were about what that means - biscuits and gravy, eggs, sausage, waffle maker, French toast (depending on the day) along with cereal, bagels, muffins, yogurt, fruit, juice and coffee.  There is no room service, but there is a vending area with food and toiletries in case you're really hard up.  There isn't much around Grandstay (we tried to get to Great Dane East restaurant, which is listed on Yelp as 0.5 miles from the hotel but that must be a mistake because it was more like 5 miles based on our GPS), but there is an Uno's nearby, but it took about 20 minutes to get to downtown Madison from the hotel.
4	We are planning to move to Madison from Virginia, and I needed a place to stay. Also, I wanted to bring my dog along for some company (my husband and daughter stayed home for work/school). I'm so glad I found this place!As other reviews have noted, you get an actual suite with a door and everything! There is a kitchen with a full sized refrigerator, microwave, stove and sink. It also comes stocked with silverware, plates, and pots and pans. The hotel has a small convenience area in case you don't want to go out for food. There are a few frozen meals, etc. Free wi-fi as well.The full breakfast was pretty good, too. Waffles, eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy (on most mornings), pastries, coffee, etc. My only complaints (and these are pretty minor) was that the TVs weren't very new. And the shower curtain was so thick and heavy that it kept touching me. A curved shower curtain would do wonders.The front desk staff was so nice! There was an issue with my check-in (they didn't have me on record), but they were accommodating. And one of the desk guys said that if someone had to leave their dog all day, he'd walk the dog for the guest! Cool!All this for under $100 a night. Can't beat it! I'll stay here again.
1	We stayed over the weekend and the hotel rented to some "shady" characters immediately after we checked in and of course, they get the room across the hall from us. They had a party going on until 2am, I called the front desk 3 times, she came the third time saying at first that she thought we were on a different floor then said that she had already given them a warning (which is it). When we complained we were told that they cannot control what other guests do, which I somewhat understand but #1. Immediate action was not taken and #2. No accommodations were offered.
