3	They just got a face lift.  The place looks good and 2 drive thurs lanes now.  Still the same good and level of service.
1	Awful service and such a slow drive thru. Not coming back.Ordered a smoothie and they let me order, pay, and wait at the other window until they figured out they don't have any... I sat at the drive thru window several minutes before someone even opened it and acknowledged me and there was a line behind me! They definitely don't move with much purpose.
1	Horrible service for being a fast food chain. Horrible drive thru for late night eating. I'd rather go to the McDonalds on 99th and lower buckeye. Never want to come back here. Ever!
4	this McDonald's is one of the busiest ones in the valley.  Service & Cleanliness can be 100% spot on... And then they get hit with a zillion kids and/or movie goers.  In 30 minutes the place looks like it's gone to hell in a hand basket.   So one minute service is just peachy, another and they don't seem to have enough employees.. But there will be lines out of the double laned drive up  window and crowds around the counter...  As a regular there, they do an admirable job but will always have nay sayers at this and similar locations... of any fast food restaurants.
1	I'm surprised this McDonald's hasn't shut down. Does anyone know how to make a Vanilla McFlurry with strawberry toppings?!?! Can anyone count back change!?!?! Hm... Can anyone pay attention and do their job instead of giggling in the microphone where people can here you!?!? Not this place!!! Wow society has definitely downgraded in educating teens these days. Oh and that stereotype about low life's working at McDonald's, NEWS FLASH!, it's not a stereotype if it's true!
1	I was not pleased at all! I was disappointed
1	Worst MDs I have ever been to.  We visit many MDs with our grandson I will never come to this one ever again. Dirty tables, slow service, dirty drink Station, tv blaring, music going at the  same time and they got my order wrong. They forgot my French fries. My order was only a mighty kids meal, a number 10 and a chicken wrap.
