4	I've been seeing Dr. Chandler at Eye Doc for two years, so I think I can fairly assess her as a doctor and Eye Doc as a practice.Dr. Chandler is a pretty awesome doctor.  I've been going to optometrists for most of my life since I've had less-than-perfect vision for most of my life so I've had more than my fair share of experiences in this realm.  Dr. Chandler is very thorough during the vision examination (for both glasses and contacts) and she's very personable as well.  I default to wearing glasses most days but I do like having the option of contacts.  Well, I have such poor vision that if I were to purchase contacts for a year, I would be broke, and it would be a bad purchase for me since I so rarely wear them.  Dr. Chandler gave me a sample set of 30-day contacts that lasted me the entire year from one visit to another.  That's accomodating and having the patient in mind.  The office staff is very pleasant too (I believe the young lady's name is Heather, at least the one I've dealt with), and they've run my exams through my insurance without any issue.  They used to have Saturday hours, but very recently they cut down to Monday through Friday (which is the reason for the star being docked).  I'm really surprised by the poor reviews, as I've been a patient of Dr. Chandler's for two years and she and her staff have been only professional and pleasant.
5	Love this optometrist office! The staff is super friendly and helpful, the doctors are all completely competent and take the extra time to ensure I have a through visit.  The staff takes the time to check my insurance limits before I order glasses and even assist me in picking frames. Hands down, favorite optometrist!
5	I moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and was in search of someone to help with my eye care.  I was so relieved to find Dr. Chandler's practice.  I have received personal attention and professional care from her office since 2009. Several weeks ago, my young daughter scratched her eye and was in so much pain.  I called Eye Doc and Dr. Chandler got my daughter in right away.  She identified the fibers and removed them from her eye.  Thank you so much for helping her in such a timely fashion.  I reccommend this practice to anyone who is looking for personal, professional eye care.
4	I made my first visit to Eye Doc yesterday and met with Dr. Lesa Kelly. I can safely say I will not be back any time soon. Not that the doctor and Heather up front weren't great. They were. But so is my vision. I have 20/15 vision and no foreseeable problems. Good news for me.  For the rest of you looking for an eye doctor, try Eye Doc out. I went in for my first ever real eye exam and they made me feel at ease. They did not try to sell me on anything without cause and even gave me coupons for some recommended eye drops for dry eyes. If I do have any eye issues come up in the future, this is where I will be headed.
1	Not a good experience at all. I just needed an eye exam for purchasing hardware online, and mentioned this to the staff. However, I was given some extra services that they charged me for, which forced me to utilize my benefits for hardware. Came away feeling overcharged and dooped.
