4	Ambiance: As basic as it gets. Two flat screens play Sri Lankan music videos.Service: Attentive, friendly. Price: $6 and up Food: Best assortment of authentic Sri Lankan food in Montreal, including idlis, vadaas, string hoppers, pittu, and Indian standards such as thalis and curries. The dosas are to be highly recommended. The onion bhaji is fantastic. The portions are tremendous.Summary: The food is as home cooked as it gets. It is not restaurant fare prepared for a western palate, but rather hearty food for the ex-pat Sri Lankan community. One of Montreal's hidden treasures.
5	Amazing south Indian/Sri Lankan food. I've been going here for 10+ years, and quality has been consistently good. Ambience is not much, but much more relaxed and spaced out than a typical hole in the wall. Place is equally busy with take-out and dine-in crowd, take out crowd is primarily local Sri Lankan, which speaks to the authenticity of the place.Food is super cheap, and volume is so much that no one leaves hungry. For less than 10$ one could have a 3 course meal (app, main and tea). All the typical curries are on the menu, but go for Dosas( various kinds), ildli, kuttu roti( beware the heat factor, not for ones with fragile stomachs), string hoppers( crushed rice noodle lumps), poori masala( ask for substituting masala with Chana) and Medu wadas are to die for.If you crave for heat in blistery Montreal winter, Jolee definitely makes the cut.
4	This place is an amazing bang for your buck. Tasty Sri Lankan food, $2 and under for many appetizers, most entrees (traditional, authentic Sri Lankan and south Indian fare) are under $7. It's not going to win any awards for decor or ambiance, but for quality on a budget, it cannot be beat.We once catered a work party from this place; we were expecting about 40-50 people and we had a $300 budget. The fellow behind the counter took it as a challenge and gave us all a meal to remember, and even with everyone well-fed, we were taking home leftovers literally by the bucket load.
4	I have been to Jolee on a few occasions and left satisfied each time. I am not that big into Sri Lankan cuisine so will not have any ideas on the authenticity of this place, but the food tastes great and leaves your apetite happy. I always order the regular lamb biryani from here. Its a bit spicy for my taste but the staff is more than happy to add extra sugar in my mango lassi which comes sweet and yummy anyway :)  Theres not much to comment on the ambiance as the area was nice and clean with tvs on both ends of the hall providing great tamil entertainment dances. Staff was courteous and knowledgebale if youre uncertain about a certain dish or need more info. Definitely recommended!!!
5	I discovered this restaurant when I was living in Montreal.  It serves South Indian and Sri Lankan food.  It remains my favourite restaurant ever.  I'm living in Ottawa now, but every time I visit Montreal, I have to go to Jolee.  The decor is nothing fancy, but the food is so delicious.  There is a take out counter at the back of the restaurant and people are constantly coming in for take out.    The Beef Rolls are amazing.  Spicy beef and potato, rolled up and then deep fried.  Yummy goodness!  The Fish Cutlets are good too (fish and potato).  My favourite dish is the Chicken Kottu Roti.  The portion is huge and has lots of chicken, egg, onions and roti pieces.  The Beef Biriyani is excellent too (lots of beef, cashews, and a boiled egg).  I find that the dishes here are spicy.  I like spicy, but I can only take a "medium spicy" here.  I usually just order mild, which has plenty of bite.  The prices are so awesome.  The huge Chicken Kottu Roti is like only $7 and can easily feed two people.  The Beef Rolls are less than $2 a piece (and they are bigger than usual egg rolls).    Their desserts are by the weight and very reasonable in cost.  I usually don't like Indian desserts because I find them too sweet, but I love the desserts at Jolee.  I usually order a box to go and get a piece of everything.  I have to admit that I don't know the names of any of the desserts or what is actually in them, but I know that they are colourful, pretty and delicious :) Writing about this place is making me miss it so much.  If you haven't tried it yet, you should go, you won't regret it!
4	Tasty food, well worth for the price. We were visiting Montreal 4 two days from Washington DC. Both nights eat here. No regrets.
5	This place is an absolute gem.  Great deal and authentic, delicious food.
1	Looked and tasted like dog food. The lamb chunks in the curry were uneatable (square, processed chucks of nondescript meat you normally would buy for your dog or cat) as was the eggplant curry, which was way too salty and tasted like it came out of a jar or pre-made curry paste.I am baffled by the positive reviews here. I'm a huge fan of Indian food, but this was awful, just awful!The service was slow and inattentive too.
5	Nestled in between a bank and other commercial properties, there it is. Jolee restaurant, the one flouted by (too) many abstracted foodies. Please do not care for the broad-brush flare denomination that constitutes the essential decor. Yes, partial portion of the wall is missing paint. Yes, that dining table dates back from the 1980's, patched up with disparate parts. As it is only cosmetic, the oxymoron belongs as rightful attribute in the quality of their food (exclamation point). I ordered the lamb thalee (around 8$). The dish was plated with all the ostentation that it could, honestly simple. The protein had sufficient curry spices that enable me to distinctively taste the side dishes (pickled veggies, lentils and basmati rice). The naan bread is purposeful to clean off the plate. Because licking it would be harshfully objurgated. Don't foget to tip.
3	my family and i came to montreal to visit the temples from toronto, we are a south asian family this store was our first take out we had from montreal since it was the closest from where we lived.. we ordered 3 different types of kothu roti one was mutton another chicken and last vege with egg.. we did a phone order and we told the guy to make our orders one spicy and one mild.. he ended up making it mild (which was not spiced at all) and the other regular (if the mild was not spicy at all then just imagine this..) however for the pro side I'd say this store offered a large portion! (I didn't finish my container since I didn't really like the food and it was way to much food in there) there price was reasonable for the portions they gave.. but overall food was not that great.. not a place id like go to again!
4	Joleen served typical Indian dosages with authentic taste. Twice I have been there and twice I was happy with my meal. I recommend the dosas and thali plates.
4	Tonight we went there. We ordered lentils soup, chicken tikka masala and chilli chicken with rice.The soup was nice, with lots of vegetables. The tikka masala actually wasn't my taste. The chilli chicken was the best! Really hot!!! Specially I liked the souce and the vegetables under it. We tried their special bread, it was tasty, too.I have to say, I've never tried any authentic Indian restaurant, I was afraid of a bit about the spicy meals, but I liked it. :)The guys were nice, helpful and we got our dishes quickly. The place is recently renovated and it's clean, too.We can pay by card, but it has fee.I'm pretty sure we will go back in the future.
