1	Absolutely the worst Aveda salon I have been to. The owners should be embarrassed. Don't go here unless you want to be soaked by their pricing scam.
4	Since moving to the area, this is my second salon visit.  The first was to a well-reviewed place down Scottsdale Road, but though I was not unhappy with my hair, I felt like the stylist was just writing it in---when someone is working on something as intimate and important as your hair, you want to think they CARE!  This girl was young and silent and brooding and showed very little interest in making sure I was happy with my cut, style and color.So my next appointment, I made with Salon Mila at Stagecoach Village.  They told me my stylist would be Stella.  Stella is super!  Wonderful!  Caring!  Talented!  She is also a recent transplant from the East, so it was fun to compare experiences---she actually chatted lightly as she worked.  The salon itself is a bit consciously trendy, but it had a cute little boutique and comfy chairs.After she introduced herself and got me seated at her station, Stella spent time learning about what I like and don't like about my hair texture, it's style (or lack of!), and the color.  As she spoke to me, she also touched my hair, assessing it's condition.  Then we discussed what I was hoping for and what she could do.  When I voiced some trepidation, she assured me: "Don't worry, you are in good hands!"  And when I sniffled at having to lose several inches of hair because of it's dry, ratty, frizzy condition, she told me: "You'll be glad and it will grow back much better."  (I am glad---the ends look super now!  And I assume it will also grow back just like Stella promised!)  While she had the color on my hair, Stella also ended up giving me a manicure.  (She's well-rounded!)  She did a super job and I felt all girl-y and pretty---it had been *forever* since I'd had a manicure---why?  My nails look fab!Long story short---and long hair slightly shorter----love my hair!  Stella put in some long layers so I have some bounce and body and the length isn't pulling my face down, and as I said earlier, though I was sad to lose a couple of inches, it looks so much more healthy now.  The color is perfect, the rich caramel blonde I wanted.I am from a small (about the size of Cave Creek) town in the Midwest, but close to two large cities and the conveniences available there, and I thought Salon Mila's prices were totally acceptable---about what I paid at home for that kind of quality cut and color with the deliciously scented Aveda products.I liked that Stella really seemed to pay attention to the condition of my hair and what would flatter my face shape and age and lifestyle and do what was best for me without going out of my comfort zone (no pixie cuts!!!).  She was very confident and competent without being arrogant.  She chatted, but not excessively and when we were silent, it was a comfortable quiet.I miss my stylist from back East, but I think I have found my new stylist in the Southwest.  I'll definitely be rescheduling with Stella.
5	What a wonder experience!  As a lot of women, I've had my share of pedicures at nail salons, spas, hotels, etc. This one beats them all. Not just a pedi but a fabulous leg message, quick neck and head message and the chair is sooo comfortable. A great way to spend an hour. The price was ridiculously low for all it involved. I'm looking forward to returning for hair, etc. As another reviewer stated..they CARE!!
