3	This is one of the better Souper Salads in town thanks to their attention to cleanliness and typically very well stocked salad bar.  I have a few favorites at Souper Salad, number one being the Tuna Skroodle salad.  It is low sodium and always tastes pretty good at this location.The soups are either blah or fantastic though.  There is no middle ground here, so if you are a big soup fan be warned that it is hit or miss.  Their hot menu bar items are also sometimes rather blah.  The things you can count on though are the baked potatoes and bread sticks.  These are usually pretty good.I am not a fan of their ice cream machine, it is one of those where the ice cream is never really quite frozen enough, but they have other healthier desert choices.  Prices here are reasonable, but beware of their "uplift" items.  Namely, the "Premium Lemonades"....which are pricey and do NOT come with free refills.   They are tasty enough, but when you consider that you do not get a refill, it kind of sucks.  It is a trade-off however as Sweet Tomatoes has free refills but pricier food...so who is to say.  Anyways, I eat here quite often so I have no problem giving it three stars.  It is a good lunch stop or after mall selection, and a great way to eat healthy.
4	I had a nice lunch here today with Norm R.  This is the eighth Souper Salad I have tried around the Valley, & it earned the usual 4-Stars for it's clean, cheery atmosphere, good service, & fresh, tasty food.  Menu items change a little from day to day at Souper Salads, & more twice a month, to keep us interested.  Some of my favorite things, such as the chili & the short bread with strawberries & whipped cream are always here, which I really appreciate.  Something special today was Beef Stroganoff Soup!  The Pepperoni Pizza was good too, which is unusual to me for a non-pizza restaurant.Just a small response to the other review for this location.  I think these guys make consistently excellent soup!  I eat at Sweet Tomatoes too, the direct competitor, & sometimes their soups (& other things!) taste a little strange, in my opinion.  Here, I have preferences between one soup & another, but always think all of them are good.  That's one reason this chain is my favorite of the two.Lunch Buffet $6.79, Sr. $5.79 - Lunch or Dinner, 7 days.  Yum!
4	Thanks to places like this, sticking to gluten-fee regimen while dining out is not as difficult as I had originally perceived. Rand H. and I tried this place for a Saturday lunch. We were greeted and seated by a cheerful hostess, and I was impressed by the bright, very clean, and spacious setup of the establishment, as well as the freshness of the food. Even people with high protein demands like myself will find their needs fulfilled by the legumes as well as the inclusion of things such as tuna, ham, or chicken in some pastas and soups (I had to skip the pastas, though, to make my meal gluten free). This is truly great place to have a healthy and very satisfying meal.
4	Good food at a great price! This was my first time at a Souper Salad buffet and was pleasantly surprised with the cleanliness of the place and the variety of soups and salads. There were also extras on the menu I was not expecting such as pizza, tacos, and fresh fruit such as grapes, melons, and kiwi fruit.I am definitely going back and it will be very soon!
2	This particular restaurant is not set up well.  There is a section of 4 soups all clearly labeled, but further down, there is a black kettle of another soup with a tiny little label that you have to pick up and read. In the center of the counter, there is a bread bin, you have to lift the plastic door and hold it open while you retrieve your bread.  I was fascinated to watch other people's techniques for bread retrieval while I was eating.  There are tortilla chips in this bin and then you have to go to one end of the counter for taco meat, then to the other end for cheese, lettuce, sour cream, etc. Poorly planned and smaller selection than Sweet Tomatoes, I would rather pay a few more dollars for a better selection.
3	Not bad, clean compared to most Souper Salads in Phoenix. The staff is always slow though, and I have experienced 45 mins sitting there trying to get the drink I ordered.But the food is fresh, and for the price, you can't really go wrong.
2	I got a 3.99 meal coupon at work so decided to try Souper Salad.  Basic salad bar with some fruit and cold pasta salads, 4 soups, 1 pizza choice, 2 hot pastas, ground beef tacos, 3 dessert breads, and a soft serve machine.  Everything was pretty simple and bland tasting.  Maybe I'm just too spoiled by Sweet Tomatoes.  But who am I to complain! I only paid 3.99.(I think this is a great place if you have several little ones to feed though. It's cheap, with a coupon, and they will like the "kid friendly" healthy food.)
3	Okay, so it's usually a "hit or miss" here. On weekdays the staff seem to take care in maintaining the cleanliness of the dining environment. However, on weekends, and I understand it can become quite busy, it often appears as though there's been a veggie-brawl amidst the buffet table (as broccoli florets and endless kernels of corn are nestled in every white space imaginable find I often have to inquire about the often missing in action, baked breads that compliment the soup, salad, and pizza selection. Besides the often missing accoutrements, and the slender grasp on hygiene, the selection of food is good, given the marginal price for a buffet. I believe it's still $8.95 for lunch?
4	I like this place and am here most Friday evenings with my wife.  The food is fresh and tasty and the servers are very good.  The soup is out of this world!  The servers are running their butts off, yet are friendly and quick and efficient.  So much better that the other salad buffet place across the street!  Nice inexpensive and healthy dinner...it usually costs my wife and I around $15 for two, IF we don't have a coupon.
1	Used to eat at one of about 4 of this chain's restaurants in Houston all the time, but I can say hands down that this is the filthiest one I ever ate at.  I grabbed a spoon, happened to look down at it (oh, gawd..how I wish I hadn't) and it still had scum marks from food on it.  So, I checked out all the spoons (about 15 were there) and they all were that way...mmmmmm...doesn't that make you just want to dive in here?It's filthy, the food isn't all that good and not worth even their cheap $6 as a Sr.To hell with it!  I'm going to some place I know is clean like Cheesecake Factory next time.Two words:  never again.  (I'll probably have nightmares tonight over dancing dirty spoons now, too...brrrrr...shudder!).
2	I went into this dining experience with fairly reasonable expectations.  In a nutshell I was looking for this place to be at least on a similar level as Sweet Tomato's on the other side of the street (Bell Rd).  However Souper Salad fell way short!  This particular location seems as if it needs a total refresh, almost like it is stuck in the year 2009.  The seats, plates, and overall buffet stations are in desperate need of replacing.  I've never seen a restaurant with such worn out plates and seats in my life!  The variety of the food was nice, but do they actually need to use fake cheddar cheese?  The menu online actually points this out!  My last negative is the fact that on this night the food selections took way too long to be replenished.  The fact that the restaurant wasn't overly busy or dead for that matter, makes it worse.  The two positives I took away were the friendliness of the staff, and the strawberry shortcake.  Next time I am looking for a salad buffet style restaurant, I'll be going to Sweet Tomato's across the street!
3	It's hit or miss at this particular store. At lunchtime-it's great. At dinnertime-not so much. You can definitely tell the difference between the lunch and dinner crew. The line is kept up and the store is clean at lunch. The tables are bussed and the drinks are kept full at lunch. At dinner..again not so much. Soups are very good, bread items are ok, hot foods are not very good in selection and just blah at best. The salad bar is fresh though and the selection is plentiful. The servers are again very hit or miss. The lunch crew is nice and personable. The dinner crew--well let's just say they spend A LOT of time in the back....hiding. This would be ok if we could get our own drinks, but when you depend on a server to bring you a drink and your glass has been empty for 1/2 hour...not so much. The best part about Souper Salad is the price. The "other" salad bar is almost $10 per person and that is just insane for salad. The "not so much" parts about Souper Salad are a bit more tolerable when the price is not an arm and a leg.
3	souper salad's tagline: 'there is a reason we're way cheaper than sweet tomatoes.'that said, i eat here about three times a week because of its proximity to my office. i like it just fine.  granted, i've mastered the art of cramming so much food into the to-go box that i can eat for two days. not bad for $4.41.  the people are usually friendly. and they look the other way when i smash tacos on top of my salad and have trouble securing the lid. ha.i've also debated the merits of filling the to-go box with some of their 'pricier' bar items. i mean. i think i could probably shove more than $4 worth of pepperoni in there. i'll post a picture the first time i try that. ha.
1	Not so great... Salads are soggy and there is something about dirty bathrooms and really bad upholstery with the combination of swatting flies  away from your food that makes you want to run from that place.
4	Since Sweet Tomatoes decided to become some pay to play bull... decided to go here for a salad bar.  What a relief to find a place not trying to charge you to breathe on the food.  All you can eat for the price of a combo meal at Jack in the Box.  They have all the fixins you need to make a decent salad, and that's all you really came for anyway.  The soup tastes canned, which isn't a bad thing, and the bread is what it is.  The service was great and I will be going back.
2	Souper Salad always leaves you slightly dissatisfied. Not that I believe the competition is much better but there are some definite improvements that could push Souper Salad up a few notches. 1. Clean plates and silverware. - we typically are left sorting through the stack of plates to look for one without cling on leftovers. This goes for silverware as well.2. More adequate staffing. - Every time we have gone to Souper Salad (which is quite often) we are forced to wait at the register for 2 - 10 minutes while the floor attendant carries drinks to seated patrons and removes dirty trays. There is one lady who has been working here forever with long brown hair. She seems to take on the majority of the workload. This last weekend there was what appeared to be a younger lady manager who seemed very uninterested in assisting at the register or anywhere else for that matter.3. Bread station refills - The bread is almost always empty or near empty forcing you to watch until bread is set out and then battle the other customers to get a lousy breadstick.I noticed that Souper Salad recently attempted a minor facelift. While under "construction" the place looked a bit like a crime scene and I half expected a chalk outline on the floor. The big reveal did not do much to make up for the cosmetic disarray. There were maybe a few new pictures added (no more creepy dancing veggies) but I didnt notice many upgrades other than that. Regardless, you get what you pay for and considering you can feed a family of 3 for less than $20 you can't expect 5 star dining, but I won't be giving Souper Salad a 5 star rating either.
1	Lets consider some other names for this restaurant since Souper Salad doesn't really describe my experience.... Lets see...How about - Canned Souper Salad - Souper Soggy Salad - Serve urself no service Souper Salad - Bland No Taste Pasta n Salad - Souper Employees R in the Back Salad - Souper imitation Krab pasta n Salad - Pepper doesn't help our Souper Salad - Souper nothing fresh here but the soda N SaladI would like a call from management assuming their not in the back with the employees passing the time away.
3	I first tried this place after Sweet Tomatoes decided to commit suicide (see my review on that).  Souper Salad is just a salad buffet that offers pretty good food at really good prices.  For the price of a McDonald's value meal, you can fill up on salad, soup, breadsticks, baked potatoes, tuna salad, and a whole bunch of other stuff.  I've seen people review its decor, and I thought I should add that the decor isn't all that great, but I don't go to Jack In the Box for its atmosphere either.  If you're looking for an inexpensive meal that still gives you a great value for your dollar, try it.   Hits:  * Tuna salad, Potato salad are pretty good.* There's one soup that tastes strangely like Spaghetti-Os.  * The breadsticks are always remarkably fresh and soft* The poundcake cubesMisses:* Soggy cardboard with a dash of ketchup should not ever be labeled "pizza"* Service.  It always looks like it's severely understaffed, although the people they do have genuinely try and do a good job.  * None of the food items are so memorable that I really want to go back and get them again.  Everything is a solid "average" across the board.Tips:  * Sign up for their email blast and you'll get a couple of coupons a month, which makes it even a better deal.
5	I haven't been in to this location for some time.  They have done some remodeling and the employees are very friendly especially a server named Susan I think.  The place was very clean and the food very good.  I was very impressed and the price was great for all I got.  I'll be back!
5	I was shocked to see all the negative reviews. Is this place Ruth Chis? No. However for the value and what you get I think its pretty good. Check out the tuna noodle skroddle and Strawberry shortcake...Yum!
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =So sad, so sad...  we've lost yet another Souper Salad!     :-((     There were 16 of them in the Valley a while back & now we're down to THREE!  The problem?  THEY DON'T CHARGE ENOUGH FOR THE BUFFET!!  I certainly hope they'll finally see the light & raise the price a couple dollars at the remaining locations so we'll still have them around to enjoy!     :-O
