3	Hurray!  I no longer have to drive to Vegas to sit at Toby Keith's bar!  Because "I LOVE this bar" so much in Vegas, it's a bit disappointing to see that this location is lacking the oomph I'm so used to.  I know that they haven't had their official grand opening yet, and so I'll give them a break.  I heard one of their bartenders lights the bottles of liquor on fire and breaths fire too!  That's hot!We ordered dinner at the bar because we love to watch the bartenders work their flair.  Disappointment, #1.  There was no flair to be seen and there were people sitting around the bar ordering drinks. There was a bartender that was half heartedly practicing a lame move with an aluminum bottle and mixing cup- that was it!  NO personality anywhere to be found.  We ordered a beer, not much flair to that.  Lots of beer on tap, 3 different Heffe's.  Love that!My hubby ordered the pulled pork sandwich that comes with fries and a side of hush puppies.  I was feeling wily and ordered the fried chicken with fries and mac & cheese.The pulled pork was the winner on the night.  Comes with fresh cole slaw piled on top just the way we like it.  My chicken dinner was four pieces of chicken that must have come from a farm facing foreclosure = disappointment #2.  My husband was starving, which was one of my reasons for ordering this meal- to give him 1/2.  Disappointment #3 was that both orders of fries were cold and so was my mac and cheese.  My bartender was angry when we told her this.  She said that an earlier customer had ordered the fried mushrooms and they were still frozen inside.  Not good.  The reason that I gave the 3rd star is because they redeemed themselves.  The fries and mac & cheese that replaced the others were brought out in a timely manner and were HOT!  Hopefully, none of the staff had swine flu in the kitchen and decided to spit in my mac.  Always a fear on returns.  I've seen the movie "Waiting!"  I'm also of the opinion that the manager should come over when ever there has been a problem.  If he/she knows about it, I feel better that it won't happen in the future.I will return to give them a fair chance after the grand opening.  I think they're just working out some kinks.  I know the potential and hope that they'll deliver!
3	Don't bother walkin', cuz this bar's a rockin'!Yep, I went to TK's on Saturday night and it was shakin' with excitement!  This might already be the Valley's premier location for Hot Country music and dancing!  The restaurant and bar were already packed by the time I got there at 8:00 to meet some friends.We ordered some food, and I must say, food, is not why you go to TK's.  So if you're thinking you're going to have some grand culinary experience, don't waste your time.  It's just typical bar food here.  Hamburgers, steaks, wilted french fries, fried stuff everywhere.  They serve meals meant for beer lovers.  The more you drink, the better the food tastes.However, I loved the band.  The music was great.  Everyone was having a good time dancing.  And if you're a carnivore, this place is great!  There was beefcake everywhere!I give it 3 stars, because frankly I'd rather eat my calories than drink them.  But the bonus is, as long as you go after 9:00 PM when the band is playing, you get a great workout along with a show!PS.  Make sure you wear your cowboy attire!Enjoy!
4	We walked in and were greeting with a big smile....took a little while before we got a waitress and there weren't any smiles at all.The menu was great and BIG.  Both of our meals were great:)) and will be going back again soon.I was however also not very impressed with the managers there.  They looked pissed off and very unhappy to be there.
4	A few weeks ago I stopped by the restaurant at the Bass Pro Shop and noticed Toby Keith's. It is across from a cigar store I want to try as well, so I decided to check it out sometime. Yesterday was that time. I arrived about 8:30 pm (Saturday) and the place was packed. I didn't plan on trying to food - just checking out the bar portion. The place was huge! The bar was long, had several beers on tap, bottle of various alcohols and was well-staffed. And the people! It was not quite wall-to-wall, but it was very full and continued to get busier as the night went on. I ordered a beer on tap and was amused to see it arrive in a large mason jar. Too bad mason jars do not have handles, but it worked. It was $6 for the beer. I am not a fan of country, but the place was cool. I know some of Toby Keith's songs, and they played a few. There was a band called Whiskey Drunk that performed. Good band with good songs, not too many slow songs, which was unfortunate for me. I am not familiar with the country dancing so when I did dance with someone it wasn't pretty. The impressive thing about the bar was that it attracted all types of people. You had your cowboys, people of all races and ages. Many bars only draw in the young crowd and the occasional creepy old man like me, but anyone would fit in here. There were plenty of 20 somethings, but there were just as many 30-somethings, 40somethings and 50 somethings. I also saw a couple probably well into their 60's hanging out and the lady was dancing and having a blast.One of the downsides was limited seating. Plenty of spots around the bar and some tables scattered throughout, but with the number of people, I was standing where I always felt in the way. Maybe I am getting old, but it was a little loud too...there are bartenders that were doing various moves with shots and when they would, another person was blowing a whistle, the crowd went wild and they did whatever they were doing. I did see the bartender dim the lights juggle flaming bottles and blow fire. That was cool! I couldn't quite see down to the other end of the bar (that's how long it was), but I think there was another guy down there doing the same thing.I might need to watch some CMT, but I will definitely go back. This place is hoping on the weekends for sure.
4	dear toby,thanks for lunch.  love ya, man!allyare you aware that as a member of the military, toby keith is willing to pay for my lunch at his restaurant?  heck yeah, my homie toby bought me a ROCKSTAR burger, fries and drink.  the whole meal was super tasty, simple but tasty...i got an assload of fries with my moist burger, toppings on the side.  i know it sounds silly, but toppings on the side makes me happy...it makes me feel like i am in control.  this pleases me.i showed up here as the place opened, so my fellow soldiers and myself were seated quickly, brought our drinks (although, no sweet tea in a country singer's bar & grill?!  SRSLY?!  tsk tsk, toby), told about the free lunch deal and placed our orders.  food was out quick, no fuss and the waitress was on time with drink refills.  and although i'm not a huge fan of the outfits, my male companion was.  i mean, i don't particularly like to stuff my face while staring at borderline anorexic girls in cut off shorts so short they remind me of the sluts i hated in high school.  wear em if you are walking the streets, ladies, not if you are serving me my grub.
2	The bar is amazing but the staff is horrible. I have sent over 13 complaints to try to get a response from the owner or bar manager and have been ignored. We had our reception at this bar and it was a nightmare. Unorganized, rude staff, the waitresses could care less about anything accept for flirting with bartenders...Its so bad that the first time we visited, I had a drink and a sundae (which was amazing), but gave the girl a $100 bill and she came with change for a $20. I had to fight with her until she magically found the $100 bill!!! I should have known this was a good indication but because we used to love Toby, we tried our reception there. From start to finish it was a mess and we have wrote letters, called, emailed, hand delivered notices and NOBODY has called us back. Finally I called and tried to book a party for 100 people and got a call from Jenn in the booking department. I told her it was the only way I could get a call back...STILL IGNORED!! I could go on and on about how rude the staff is and how bad the owners have treated us after we had an unexpected, incorrect bill of $400.00 that night when we told the waitress in advance not once but 3 different times to cap us off at $250.00....Not once were we thanked for bringing so many people in that night, or paying the wrong bar tab, but totally and completely ignored.Twice the service/staff have messed up and nothing has been done. Its too bad because this place is exactly what Arizona was lacking. Too bad they dont care about return business.
3	While we were out in Tempe, the husband and I were at a complete loss as to where we should eat.  I did a little yelping and sheepishly mentioned this place.  Now, we like country music and all, but I steer very clear of Toby Keith stuff.  I don't care for the in your face American Pride type stuff.  Anyway, we made out way to the restaurant, with entrances in front and back, and smelled the delicious bbq aroma floating in the air.This place is HUGE!  I noticed that the capacity is just about 1000 people.  That is nuts.  there is a huge bar running down the middle and a ton of TV's spaced no more than 4 feet apart running all along the bar and all along the roof.  It's a good place to watch a game or the music videos.  I feel like I should also add that there is apparently a dress code for the servers.  All the girls are supposed to wear jingly black cowboy boots, super short denim shorts or skirts, skimpy tops that sometimes show too much skin on a less that perfectly built body, and a super sparkly rhinestoned out belt with a big ol buckle.As far as the menu goes, the layout and look of it kind of suck.  I heard from our waitress that they are re-doing it, so let's hope that it will be for the better.  Almost everything on the menu actually looks like something I would order.  It's all pretty simple BBQ style stuff with some sandwiches and salads and some pricier entrees.  The appetizer menu looked delicious all around.  I laughed out loud when I read that there were deep fried twinkies on the dessert menu.  Classic.  I ordered the Oklahoma BBQ Beef sandwich with coleslaw as my side.  The sandwich was very filling and tasty.  The meat was juicy and the sauce was sweet and tangy.  The bun could have been more substantial but it was more than made up for with the yummy fried onion strings.  The coleslaw was just blah but I sampled the husband's potato salad and it was delicious!  Simple and tasty.Overall experience was pretty good.  Our waitress was nice and gave an honest opinion when we asked for one.  The atmosphere was kind of dull but that would probably be because we were there at such an odd time.  In case you were wondering, in the 30-45 minutes we were there, I counted 6 Toby Keith songs.  If I were into guns and in your face patriotism I would probably give this place 4 stars.
4	So I'm going to pull the cheesy card and say " I Love this bar & grill" bc I do. It's a nice change of pace from the over saturated college bars in Tempe and burnt out Scottsdale bars. The novelty of getting my mixed drink or beer in a mason jar just rocks. There's a variety of people that go there, so get rid of your first instinct of this being your country hick bar, bc it isn't.
3	I don't even know what to say about this place.  I hate it in principle.  I hate Toby Keith, I hate his music, the things he sings about, his portrayal of "American" and how "Americans" should be.  I don't like the guy at all.I do, however, like a good bar that plays country music and I love bbq.  So the perfect storm of a restaurant presents itself in "I Love This Bar" - an Ikea-sized restaurant with a bar the size of an aircraft carrier.  There are TVs all over the place and waitresses in skimpy cut off jeans and boots.  This place definitely has potential.The bbq chicken wrap (I was shocked they had a wrap!) that I ordered came out very quickly and was pretty good.  It came with the option of "freedom fries" but I will never in my life order anything named "freedom" so I got potato salad.  It was pretty basic, mustard base, and not bad.  All in all, a pretty decent meal.The price, on the other hand, was outrageous.  I couldn't really figure it out.  Even totally the cost of all the TVs in the place I couldn't justify such expensive food.  Now that I see military people get free food, I see the rest of us are footing the bill.  What a joke.  It's not enough that they get perks in every other aspect of life or that mindless idiots give them standing ovations at baseball games, now I have to pay to feed them...AGAIN!  My tax dollars already feed them, and clothe them, AND house them!  Nothing against military people, but for a bunch of people who tend to be anti-socialists, you sure do love having the rest of us cover you.I will not be back to Toby Keith's.  I went to be ironic.  I went, that's that.  Now I can say I've been and how hilarious it was.
3	I love Toby, but I can't say I love his bar.  I love this dedication to the military and the US, I love his awesome lips, but I digress.  The band was great, BUT between songs they promoted getting s**t faced with shots of whiskey.  The Phoenix area is a driving town, and it seemed totally irresponsible to me.  Was it a shameless ploy to sell more booze and increase the bottom line?  I don't know, but like Disneyland, Graceland and Universal Studios, the gift shop is not too far away -- another ATM machine for my friend Toby.   So Toby, if you want to discuss the bottom line with me, you know where to find me.
3	Dinner with my 6 male colleagues was slightly better than I'd expected when TK's was suggested.  They all opted for steak and seemed to enjoy them very much.  I opted for the "She's a Hottie" burger with french-fried onions, hatch valley chilies, and pepperjack cheese, switching the beef for a veggie burger.  I have to give them credit for this option, since my biased opinion from the back story on the cover of the menu had me thinking that something like a veggie burger would be deemed un-American.  It was just your standard Garden burger with the fixings, but they had the right amount of char on the patty to give it flavor, and combination of chiles, onion strings, and cheese was excellent.  Also the sweet potato fries on the side were the thin cut that makes them fry crisply, just the way I like.  The corn muffins with honey butter weren't that bad either.The booth was a little crowded for the 7 of us, particularly considering the space in this place - huge bar and wide open spaces - but I was glad that we were sitting in a booth instead of having to push tables together since the concrete floors and dim lighting weren't comfortable.  The staff was friendly and very hospitable.Bonus points for being on Dobson road, since it's a family name.
1	A gift shop in the bar? I am not the too cool for school type but really? Cheesy atmosphere, chain, bad service and gift shop.  Sorry in this case 4 strikes you are out.
2	Ok, the only reason I was at Toby Keith's was for a coworkers bday. Never again. It was some sort of torture that I would just as soon forget.  The only thing I had to eat was a steak Quesadilla which arrived 20 minutes late because they brought me the wrong food originally. The place only played Toby Keith music until the band started. Fine, I didn't know who he was but anything playing for two hours in a row would get on your last nerve. The worst part of the whole night was the men. I was kicked in the calves by a guy trying to get my attention. Really? Do you really want to talk to me &*^hole? Yeah try kicking me again. Another dubious guy asked me to dance and I told him that my feet hurt (6 inch heels in a crappy bar does have that effect).  He proceeds to say, "That's what you get for being so *&^%ing sexy"  Wow. So by all means, if these lines and gimmicks are your cup of tea, you might like this place. I on the other hand will stick to my wine bars.
4	The food wasn't so good but the service was on top. The band that played the week night I went was awesome. The dance floor is anice size and set up so is the bar you can belly up to. I'm willing to give the menu another try or two to see if I can find something I think is good and priced fairly well. It grew on me what can I say, sorta like the old barn called Devil House in Tempe. You see all kinds of folks up in there, just like Toby sings and its BIG.
2	went again a 8 days ago. Had awful slow service. The Nachos were weird and we sent them back. They actually don't know how to cook at this place when you figure that to make nachoes they pour a tortilla soup over the chips and toss extra cheese on it. They don't make nachoes with ground beef at all, they can't make them w/o beans because thats part of the smoked chicked tortilla soup they pour on the chips!The cheese fries were good.The drinks all start at $5 at the bar except for the beer.But my biggest issue with the bar that is making me fall down stars is that I gave them my credit card for my drinks. And Eight days, soon to be nine I am still being charged my drink prices plus and additional $20 that they intially ran an authorization on my card for! I have spoken to their management about it and it still is not cleared! I have left messages which have gone unreturned. Tomorrow I am going in and kick some country ass and have all charges reversed for the inconvience.My only question now is this....Who got the bail money?
4	There's something so amazing about drinking beer from a mason jar! The beer is decently priced and the food is delicious. The seasoned fries and sweet potato fries compliment their burgers perfectly. I also love the live music and the fact that everyone seems at home here.
3	I'm a big country fan..so  I love the live country music and dance floor!!  The bar is in the middle of the place and is gigantic!The food is pretty good too....last night I have the house smoked chicken sandwich...nothing super special, but pretty good.Just a nice casual, fun country kind of hang out!!!!The crowd is a mix of old cowboys and young people.....this is one of the few places in the Mesa Riverview I enjoy going to...
4	I attended Toby Keith's 2009 fan club party at this location.  Toby's appearance at the event made it pretty wild and memorable.  Since this was a special private event, I assume this contributed to the good attentive service from the enthusiastic staff (I noticed that several other folks doing reviews on Yelp have commented on the customer service being poor).  I had a great spot at the bar not too far from the stage and this made the experience really enjoyable.  I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and fries - it was very good (and I'm pretty picky about my BBQ since I'm from Alabama).  Of course, I drank my beer from the big Mason jar that you get to keep.  I recommend this place because of the fun atmosphere and the good music they play.  It's definitely worth at least one visit before you make up your mind.
3	I'm not a fan of Toby Keith or even a cowboy, well I'm a CFH, but thats besides the point, this place is tolerable. I have gone here a couple times, either before or after a movie at the cinemark theatre. And the beer was reasonably priced. I believe I paid 3 bones for a pint of Sierra Nevada or some kind of pale ale. Didn't have any food so can't help anyone out there. They atmosphere is relaxed, with a huge bar circular bar right in the middle. On the west side of the bar is the area where you can sit down at a table or booth and have lunch or dinner. I saw a reatil store selling everything Toby Kieth. Then over to the east part of the bar there is a stage and a couple of barn looking things with some couches and comfy chairs inside that I lounged on for a couple of minutes. They also had a lush looking room behind some glass that looked like it can be used for meetings or private partys. Even have a mechanical bull, but that seems to be the new trend everywhere these days.Ok, so what I didn't like about this place. Its rather bright in their, granted the times I've been here have been during the daytime, The bartender chick acted like she was all that and wasn't really all that. Also, she came off like we were interupting her, like it was inconvinience to serve us and do her job. Lastly, all they played was shit kicker music. Now I know its a country place, but it even sounded like it was the same artist every song. So I started thinking all the played was Toby's music, I went up to the hostess and asked her if all they played was Toby Keith's music? She enlightned me that was not true but they played the same playlist over and over again all day long. When asked how many times a day would she hear the same song, she told me about 8 to 9 times. Thats almost inhumane. Torture and felt sad and sorry for those employees. I know I wouldn't be able to stomach that day in and day out. So overall, if you dig country and that kinda lifestyle then you will go ape shit for this place. But if you don't, its still adaquate.
3	I generally get a beer from Toby Keith's but I decided to get a mixed drink for a change. Well when I got what looked like a dixie cup w/ my beverage in it and the bill for $12 I was for lack of better words pissed off. I know now to stick to beer if I go here. I really do dig the ambiance of the place, and the novelty of getting a beer in a mason jar but seriously the prices for drinks are a bit ridiculous. For kicks I asked how much the drink would have been if I had gotten it in a mason jar and she told me $17. Wow... I'll stick to my fave local bars, I suppose and come out for an occasional band/act here and there in the future.Sorry Toby Keith's, just a tad disappointed
1	This is just a bad chain bar.  Went on three different occassions with large parties over the course of a year and service was the most consistently unfriendly we have seen.  We all love courntry music and the quality of the music was a big plus but the far below average food and uppity wait staff just make it a not enjoyable environment.  Would not go back.
1	I do Love Toby Keith, however his bar . . . not so much!!We were there on a Wednesday night and the place was dead.  We asked to sit in a section where we would be able to see the band.  Despite the fact that there were only 2 other parties seated, the hostess refused to let us sit where we wanted.  I thought the entire staff was so rude.   I love to listen to live music, but the volume was way too loud.  And the drink prices were too high.My suggestion to Toby Keith - try teaching your staff the meaning of customer service.
3	Deep Fried Twinkies. Yessiree Bob, there is such a thing and the Okie Toby Keith's serves them up. Heart attack optional. Artery blockage very likely!! Served up with a bunch of whipped cream and gooey strawberries. Had lunch here with a friend and happy hour once. Nachos were not good. Drinks were average. But hello Fried Twinkie. You're right up there with Mud Pie and Tiramasu as the dessert of choice!! Skip the alcohol and save your liver :)
3	Being a country fan I wanted to check out Tobie's. First time we visited it had just opened in the afternoon and we had the place to ourselves. We had a nice friendly waitress, food was very good, and we had a great time walking around looking at all the interesting country stuff. Went back a couple on nights later and had dinner at the bar, boy what a difference, the help was so busy talking with one another it was next to impossible to get waited on, might be the worst service I have ever experienced, the food was still pretty good, nice place to see a sporting event, lots of big screens, but come on Toby, we really want to love this bar, just fire those non-servers behind the bar!!
3	This is a fun place to dine out if you enjoy country music, drinking out of mason jars and Applebees-style food. OK, so I only enjoy the first two, and while we had a good time here, it was just an average sort of experience.I went with two of my friends who dig these types of places and we were stunned at the enormity of the place. Of course we stopped to pause at the KNIX/Buck Owens memorabilia, while we killed an hour with our Applebees-style buzzer -- and then checked out Bass Pro Shop next door.No one was really wowed by the food. In fact my chile chicken sandwich was incredibly hot -- so much so that I had to scrape the Hatch chile seeds from off the chicken breast -- ONLY recommended if you like it REALLY spicy. The Toby's Platter was average.. if only memorable for the odd mac/cheese wedges, that were a bit too dry.Service was ok, but our server did bring out the entrees before our appetizer... not sure how/why that happened. But they quickly took the entrees away and brought our Toby's Platter appetizer to us quickly. I hope we got new entrees!!! One thing I did like -- they didn't bat an eye when we ordered celebratory shots... and why would they? This is a hard partying Toby Keith roadhouse!!!
1	Went on a Saturday evening for a friends birthday.  Horrible customer service with the exception of one very petite hostess who greeted us as we walked by her podium.  I absolutely hate the idea of handing over my credit card for the waitress to hold on to until we are ready to leave.  (Even though we would be paying cash)  I thought the strippers showed up but it turns out they were the bouncers.  Apparently bouncers don't know how to talk to people, just get in somebody's face and yell and push.  Situations could be handled more efficiently, say take aside the person who booked the party and tell them what the problem is and take care of it from there.  Don't go off and throw out everybody who stands up and wants to know what the heck is happening.  We had to wait at least twenty  minutes for waitress to bring our bill when we were ready to go, and then find out the tip was already added in.  Two beers and an appetizer $39.  Do we need change?
1	It didn't bother me a lot at first, but the more I think about it, the more unsatisfied I am with our experience here.  We went with a group of about 10 or so people.  It was pretty empty in there, so it wasn't very loud, which was nice.  It was so dark, we had to use our cell phones to see the menu.  No biggie.  There was a large menu with a good variety of eats.  We went with the nachos which were pretty good, although, I don't think pulled pork really goes with nachos.  Anyway, the website advertised $1 draft beer and $1 SoCo Limes.  When we got there around 7:15, we learned that the "$1 beers" didn't start until 8, so the ones that couldn't wait ordered the $7 Mason jar beers.  At 8, we ordered the $1 beers (Bud Light, Miller Light and Coors Lite only) and got one or maybe 2 rounds for some of those.  The server then told us that there was no longer $1 drafts, but $3 Mason jars.  She also said that there were not $1 SoCo Limes.  After a little convincing, she did give us one round of $1 Soco Limes served in big plastic cups.  After asking, they did start the mechanical bull for a few guys in our group.  He was cool and even let them each go twice.  At the end, she did not know what anyone had ordered, so we had to try to remember everything we ate and drank.  Seemed kind of disorganized.
4	I went in to Toby Keith's with my manuscript  to do a bit of editing and to get out of the house.  I went at four o'clock, last Thursday and thought it was a really cool place.  I wasn't there for the evening, which is probably the time that it gets busiest and when the band gets going.  They were just practicing or setting up, they sounded great for the little while that they played.  I'll def go back some night with my boyfriend.  It's a pretty cool place with a relaxed and cool atmosphere.  It's not scottsdale pretentious but also not mesa lame.  Perfect combo.
1	My husband and I went to Toby Keith's and Saturday. When we pulled into the parking lot we could smell all this wonderful aroma and thought we were in for some good food. We were disappointed.The salad had been sitting in the bowl for hours as it was wilted. The broccoli that was served with my chicken fried steak tasted like it had just been taken out of the bag and put in the microwave, Rubbery and dirty tasting.The chicken fried steak was nothing to write home about.My husbands hamburger was dry and well done. The onion rings on the burger turned out to be one giant ring.For $42 plus a tip we good have gone to Cracker Barrel AND the movies!!! Plus we would have had a much better meal. I will not recommend this place to anyone.
3	Food not so good (frozen salad last time I went) unless it's fried... the fried mac and cheese is amazing.Drinks are crazy expensive.I think they hire dancers to get people out on the dancefloor- but it doesn't make sense to me since they are 100% better than most dancers so people just watch instead of joining in.  Weird atmosphere some nights.
3	After a few years spent at a local hole in the wall bar, all of my dance partners migrated over to TK for Thursday night get togethers. I like the size and diversity of the place and that there is nearby places to grab some food. It is located near the freeways and planty of other nearby Mesa/Tempe bars in case anyone gets an itch to go elsewhere. Will continue to frequent TK for the atmoshpere and good people.
4	So although we ended up spending a FORTUNE in this place (didn't go during one of the "specials" nights), I still have to admit I liked the joint.  It's HUGE, very open and bright (not something you usually see for a bar), and I found the servers/bartenders all to be very nice.  Drinks weren't very strong (until I ordered a double), and they literally charge an arm and a leg for drinks and food.Hubby was drinking the large beers - $7 a pop!!! WHOA.  The vodka drinks were actually cheaper than the large beers.Ordered the boneless chicken wings - VERY good - but $11.  Yikes.  For an appetizer?Overall I like the place, but I think we'll check out their calendar before going again to see when they have their specials.p.s. they have cool VIP rooms ("barns") that we might look into for future parties.  FYI, in case you're looking for a party place for your country-loving friend.
3	This seems like a good addition to the Mesa Riverview.  Scantily clad women in cowboy boots, hey I can appreciate that.  Just had appetizers and salad, which were both fresh and tasted good.  Nobody trying to reinvent the wheel or anything but I think thats what you expect.  I've been told its a great place for some good ol' country dancin on the weekends, but I haven't made it over for that just yet.  Reviewing my old Billie Ray Cyrus music videos first.
3	Let me start this review with a caveat, I am in no way into most country music. It was a whim to stop in and tip a few back, but I am very glad I went.First off, my hat goes off to whoever is he hiring manager here, holy smokes, the wait staff have two or three basic 'types' - all beautiful - ALL. First, there is a strong blond, 'Cali girl' contingent of ladies with names like Brittani, then secondly, the gorgeous, and almost alwayz shorter, binging brunettes. My poor female tracking system soon went into overload, and I believe I saw smoke curling from my ears, and I hadn't even started drinking yet. Ah yes, drinking, knew there was a reason to stop in. I wound up having the Redbull n Vodka house specials, nicely prepared, fast service, the night was definitely looking up.Entertainment, on the night I dropped by, consisted of a ring and wrestlers from a local 'league' called EXW, or Extreme Wresting Something or another. Not being a huge fan of fake fighting, I didn't spend a lot of time watching the fights or listening to the "Oh, You may have beaten me but you cheated" spiel that seems standard. On the other hand, the matches were short and although the crowd was obviously into the scene, yelling for the good guy(s) and hassling the bad, the bar would have been a much less popular hangout.Personally, I spent more time telling the wait staff stoopid bar jokes than I spent watching the match either in person or on the many big screens.Food, didn't order any grub this time around, but I did ask and a few of the patrons were very happy with their meals.
3	If you like Country Music then you should "LOVE THIS BAR". I don't...
3	OK Toby, I think you are a proud American and a patriot who would do anything and everything for your country! Your restaurant is OK. The atmosphere is good and the wait staff is pretty nice to look at. Here's the deal, the service is always slow and the prices are pretty high. Ive had the steak, burgers and wings. I come back for the wings. The price is a little high but they are big and the sauces are good.
4	Great place to go to watch the UFC for free. Huge establishment. Nachos are pretty good. Order the half order if there are only 2of you. Prices on UFC night .are higher than usual. Get here early for a good seat. Overall, we enjoy coming here.
3	My wife and I went to a movie Saturday night then walked over here for dinner.  We knew we would definitely not fit in here but we decided to be random and give it a shot anyway.  I don't even know who Toby Keith is, have a single plaid shirt or watch MMA fighting that was showing on the place's 100 or so TVs.  Needless to say I was a bit out of my element.Anyway, the wait was about 20 minutes to get a table which was odd to me because the place is HUGE but for some reason it was PACKED.  Must have been the MMA fight or something.  We killed time by getting a beer at the bar and did some people watching.  The bartender was friendly and the beers are reasonably priced.Once seated our waitress was fast, helpful and friendly.  Here is what we had:* Krispy Fried Macaroni & Cheese - my wife actually wanted this.  I know better than to order such artery clogging food in front of her, but because it was her idea I guess it was ok.  Anyway, those things are frikkin good and I could eat 10 pounds of them probably.  The ranch dressing was a bit random but whatever...so is fried macaroni and cheese.  * Rib Tips Basket - This is why I ordered for my entress and it was just ok.  The sauce was eh and most of the "tips" were dry and tough.  Next time I'm just going to get a burgerThis place looks like a blast if you are into that type of thing.  I'm not much into country music but I hear they have concerts n' stuff along with plenty of liquor and late night eats.
2	For being so patriotic and the "All American" that TK portrays himself to be, it's a wonder that I Love This Bar & Grill can tout they are a love of...well, anyone's. Went to see Rev. Horton Heat (which was quite great) here on Thursday which is why I give it the 2nd star. However, I was shocked to discover that PBR's were $5 a can and a well rum and diet was an eye-popping $8! I cannot judge the food...nor will I ever...as I will not return to this establishment ever again. From the looks of it, the food resembled Applebee's, the bartender didn't seem to know his a$# from a hole in the ground and the prices kept fluctuating throughout the night. Bad service, bad drink prices, Good entertainment (bonus) but overall rip-off.
1	Waitress was kind enough to visit on rare occasion, customer service in general sucks....Nick Nicholson was the only good reason to stay in the building and the only reason I would bother to return.
2	Went there for a staff lunch. Ordered the wings (buffalo) , and the 16oz. Rib eye. Wings where awesome cooked right and extra sauce. Server was struggling but food came out and of course my medium steak was well done. Finally for to send it back and got a new one. They took care of my wings and I got a decent steak.
5	F. this S.d*ckoutuh-m'rikah
4	We were in the area and decided to have dinner here. I didn't realize that it got such poor reviews on Yelp. I really enjoyed my dinner, though, so I'm glad that I didn't check Yelp beforehand because I wouldn't have tried it otherwise. The restaurant itself is really normal. The food they offer is nothing different from any other American restaurant. It's all food that you can get at a fast food, but it's just at a restaurant.I got the "The Dip" Cowboy Steak Sandwich (which is like the French dip at Arby's) and Alex A. got the Cabo Burger (which is sort of like something you can get at Carl's Jr.). The prices were normal and each sandwich/burger came with a side and a pickle. I love pickles, so that's a plus. My sandwich was pretty amazing. It came with horseradish, and I loved it so much. I put so much on each bite, I was crying. The bread was nicely toasted. The steak was a little dry, but nothing the dip couldn't fix. My coleslaw was pretty meh, but I've never been a huge fan of coleslaw.Alex let me have a bite of his Cabo burger and I was immediately jealous I didn't get that instead. But maybe it was for the better because I can't handle spicy food for the life of me. The bread was so soft and everything just melted together in a glorious messy concert of meat and greens. His fries were actually called freedom fries. I didn't know the whole replacing thing "French" with "freedom" thing actually caught on. But I think it made the fries taste less good. I didn't really like the restaurant itself. It was overly dim and it was hard to see. I did like the way the waitresses dressed in daisy dukes and boots. Overall, I had a good experience. I probably won't be coming back, but I still enjoyed it.
2	Fun atmosphere, a giant guitar shaped bar, food is overpriced for the portion sizes though. The food was pretty good the first time I ate here but a complete disappointment the second time around. I wouldn't recommend coming here for dinner, I brought my family and we didn't order anything fancy, for four people about $80 or more and the food was bad and we left hungry...the steak sandwich was sooooo bad and chewy! I was so embarrassed I took my parents here.
4	Love this place.  So few dance clubs are still around that I don't feel like I'll be shot at.  Now that Devil's Martini is closed, there aren't too many places to get your dance on.  It helps if you are a fan of country music.  They serve beer in mason jars and I think men still hold doors open for women here.  If you are a lady, you're in for a treat.  Most of the guys can really dance.  I mean, actually lead you by the hand and dance and twirl and actually make you feel graceful.  All of the sudden all of those country love songs start to make sense :)  That being said, I never feel creepy or put upon (not something I can say with regards to most dance clubs).  Late, late in the evening, the music may get interspersed with some top 40.  But overall, I come here for the fun and dancing, I haven't had the food because its the rare place where I actually don't even think about food when I enter the door!
1	NO I WILL NOT BE GIVING YOU MORE MONEY.I plan events for a living and when I go to a website, I expect for the website to be completely up-to-date with ACCURATE information.It is very important, especially for those who are looking for venues to hold private parties to give every last DETAIL online. So naturally, when a website says "Now there is NO ROOM fees to book one of our private barns or VIP rooms" - I do not expect someone on the other line to tell me they are $75/hour or $200 an hour depending on which room we reserve.Not only did I waste 20 minutes of my time today, but I will not be planning an event at Toby Keith's...ever.
2	I have been here twice. Once for lunch during the weekday (sat at the bar), the other on the weekend at lunch time (sat at a table.) Both times were horrible! The service is horrific...it takes about 10 minutes for them to notice you and the food takes forever as well. Even when i ate there both times, there was barely anyone in the restaurant so i don't see why they were so slow. I am not going back here because of the slow service for mediocre food, although they have great bbq sauce in their store available for purchase (gluten-free), otherwise not worth waiting around.
2	As much as we wanted to love this bar, it was hard to.  The minute we walked in we received poor service and it was dead in there.  Our utensils were dirty and the food was average.  One good thing was our server did a great job.  We were looking forward to the experience but it wasn't worth our time.
2	This place is OK, but it is really expensive, really loud and over rated.  Don't go here if you plan to talk to the people you came with.
4	Let me just start off by saying that I despise country music. That being said, it is really a good thing that Toby Keith's also allows other bands from other genres to play there. The stage is nice and located right in front of a nice dance floor which people were taking advantage of while I was there. As I have stated in previous reviews of mine, I am pretty huge on ambiance, and I really love everything about Toby Keith's. The bar is huge and centrally located between the tables and the stage. The selection of alcohol is large and the bartenders are super friendly. The bathrooms are really really really clean... in case you were wondering. I love the little Jack Daniel's set up they have. I have not had the food, but it looks delicious. Overall, I like this bar. I probably won't go back though unless it is on a night that a country band is not playing.
2	Meh, thats really the first word that jumps into my mind when I think about my experiences at Toby Keiths. I went to the one in Vegas at the Harrahs Casino and it was ok, nothing special though. Very loud and crazy bar, at least that location is. Mesa location is a bit tamer but still kinda crazy. Food was typical bar food (burgers, fried food, etc) on both occasions (Vegas and this location), drinks were ok, service was fine both times. I can't really complain but this is not one of those places I would not choose to go to. Typical sports bar in my opinion. A couple of positives I can say is that they do make a hella good fried twinkie dessert and the waiters at the Mesa location are hilarious and a blast. Bottom line, this is one of those places you go to party, be loud and obnoxious. If you are looking for a quiet place with tasty terrific food, you will most likely not find it here.
2	Well..... I don't love this bar. I went with a friend last weekend to get some drinks and the place was busy. We couldn't sit at the bar, so we got a table. The place is loud, and got progressively louder as the night went on, solely because someone kept turning the country music up louder and louder, it did not seem like there were significantly more people in the place. Country music is not my thing, but I can't judge on that because I knew what I was getting into in that department. We both started with long islands, which my friend really liked because it was more lemonade -y, but I didn't like so much because I like the long islands that have more of an ice tea ish flavor... less lemon. It was fine, and it also got me tipsy, so I can't complain that much I guess. Then she ordered some blue drink off of their signature cocktails and I got a margarita. The blue was soooooooo nasty. I mean, this thing was bad. I don't know who made up the recipe, but it was unlike anything I have ever tasted.... and not in a good way. My margarita was a typical low end margarita, it had sweet and sour mix and cheap tequila. It was not good, but it was what it was. When we got the bill, I was a little shocked that each drink cost 8$.... for real? That is super high for bars in phoenix... especially for ones in Mesa. Cactus moon next door practically gives away their drinks.... and it's basically the same bar. Oh well, now I know for next time. Oh, PS We had to pay a 5$ cover charge to go to this place (Really?!?!) because they were 'having a band.' Well, we got there at 8:30 and left around 10 and there was no band to be seen. That was a little frustrating. PPS if you want to see some of the sparkly -est, most short shorts you have ever seen, this is the bar for you.
3	I thought cowboys were supposed to be southern gentleman? Not the case, as it turns out. Perhaps this is an unfair review, I've been once, and it was on a concert night. It was VERY crowded, which I usually wouldn't have too much of a problem with, except people were rude, pushy, and mildly violent. The music was pretty good, although I only knew half the songs. The waitresses really were doing their best given the crowd, and I'm sure they would be very good if there was a smaller crowd. Admittedly, I did have a good time and will likely try this place again on a regular night.
4	I really had my doubts about this place, and my dinner group went there sort of as a joke. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was sort of an A-List Hooters type in a D cup. All pleasant as can be for being visually raped hundreds of times a night by Cletus the Slack Jawed Yokel and friends.THE FOOD: Deep fried mac 'n cheese appetizers. Damn those things are addictive! I could have eaten an entire basket by myself. The ranch dipping sauce adds just the right amount of coolness to the triangle of ooey-gooey goodness. I had T.K.'s "Diablo" ChileChicken Sandwich: Grilled chicken breast, fire roasted Ortega greenChiles, Swiss cheese, bacon and jalapeno mayo. Being from New Mexico, I'm skeptical about how anyone else does green chile, but this was just right. Tender chicken breast with two BIG green chiles sliced and laid on the burger providing a perfect amount of heat to the chicken. Not sure I even detected the jalapeno mayo, and I got some regular mayo on the side for the fries and ended up adding it to the sandwich as well. Others at the table had steaks and said they were acceptable, but not great. The freedom fries were standard fries, but tasty.THE EXPERIENCE: Too many entrances. We were meeting as a group and everyone came in a different door. Normally this wouldn't be an issue, but this place is HUGE. We were there on a Friday night and halfway through the meal couldn't even hear each other because the live band had started.I would defnitely go again, but not on a night when they had live music.
1	This place is horrible.  The music is bad, drinks are overpriced, and the people want to be country, but live in the city.
5	I have been to one other country bar in the East Valley and a few other bars that play different genres. Of the bars I've been to, this one is clearly my favorite and for a number of reasons.1) The live music - they have famous country stars come and play here. To me, this is the only place in the area that has live country music from big name artists and it's only a $5 cover charge, which I find reasonable considering the price of concert tickets to see some of these people!2) The bartenders - They are all friendly! Not only that but the waitress I talked to recommended a beer close to what I told her I liked, and she was dead on! It was perfect! 3)People watching - I love watching people. Particularly I've become fond of watching people dance, and especially to country music. It's not something I'm going to attempt being that I'm not very graceful to begin with, but I do love to watch other people do it. It makes me dizzy to even think about doing! I did happen to see an old man (70's probably) dancing with a lot of girls in their 20's and the girls weren't the usual stuck up girls that tend to hang out at bars and clubs. They danced with him and had a good time and laughed with him. He was a cool guy, and they seemed to be nicer than the average female these days.4) The final thing was the patio area - it has it's own bar and while it's cash only and limited selection it's still a nice option to have if you want to hang out on the patio. We were able to easily find a seat. It's not only the only place you can smoke (even tho I don't the person I was with does) but it's the only place you can TALK. All in all, I can assure you I'll be back. This place was awesome. People having fun without all the drama of a snobby place! The music, people, and atmosphere were awesome!
5	America
1	I came here wanting to like it. Food and drinks slow to arrive food cold plate hot. Fail
5	I love this bar.. So much fun! Everyone is so chill and just wants to have a good time. Id choose this over old town anyday!
5	Most def a 5 star place. They do know how to take care of people here!
4	Stopped by after ASU vs Colorado football game on a Saturday night.  Arrived around 8 PM and seated right away.  Little taken aback when we discovered our server was wearing a diaper.  Celebrating Halloween.  Once he got past the baby talk, he was an excellent server.  The food was very good and reasonably priced.
4	TEEKAY TEEKAY TEEKAY TEEKAY!!!  I love Toby Keith's Bar and Grill!I've been coming here on and off for a while now, mostly on Friday nights after work.  Toby Keith's is pretty cool for a country bar, and I really enjoy my time here when I come in.  It's clean and quite large!  The bar is in the shape of a guitar, with plenty of seating throughout.  One half of the place is more of the bar, with a stage, and a fancy sitting room where I think is reserved for special band appearances.  I've seen people in and out of there, but only on occasion.There's also a great patio area, with plenty of outdoor seating.  They have a bull you can ride, two nooks that sometimes are rented out for bachelorette parties, taken up by radio stations, or whatever else you would want to use a group setting for.I really enjoy my time here, but on the down side, they don't have great happy hour food specials.  Their drink specials are okay, but nothing on the food.  :-(  Great live bands, service is so so, and its an awesome place all around.  Give this place a chance if your in the area.  Its an awesome, clean large NICE country bar!!
1	I went there for the KFYI smackdown so I guess it was a little busy...but it didn't seem that busy! I ordered the wings and when they didn't get to me after 15 minutes I knew what to expect. They were cold. I hate that! Don't servers know it takes like 5 minutes to make wings? They probably sat somewhere for ten minutes. But since i was starving i ate them, plus I couldn't get the bartender's attention. I had 2 beers and then asked for water...which never came. The sever never smiled once and seemed annoyed to be bothered. I don't think I would ever go back. On the plus side the waitresses are easy on the eyes:}
1	This place kinda sux! My boyfriend & I only went because of an event taking place there...  The servers & hostesses to me seemed kinda rude, our waiter was ok, maybe because he was a dude? We ordered the chicken fried steak, which was way salty (maybe because the gravy?), the gravy was so-so, the mashed potatoes were kinda dry, the corn was overcooked, the cornbread was good. The women's restroom wasn't too clean either. (I don't mean the usual mes from having a busy night - I mean like eek-level) We both got upset stomachs after eating here too  & I don't have a sensitive stomach at all. Actually landed me indisposed in the bathroom for a day. The only thing on par was the beer, which was Bud Light in the bottle. I could see how this would be a fun place if you're going for an event however...
3	The food was excellent for your average bar food.  Actually it was way above the bar for most any bar fare.  The problem I had was the service was so crappy.  We had to flag the guy down for drink refills of soda, and water.  He was gone for several minutes after we were ready to leave, plates empty and everything!  We got Atlantic salmon, fried mac and cheese, ribs and chicken tenders ( kid's meals.) The kids devoured their plates, especially the ribs.  I don't eat read meat or poultry so I  could only eat fried mac and cheese, salmon and fries. All were very tasty, most notable the salmon.  If we would have received service that was a bit better, I would have gone for the five stars just merely on the food, and the environment.  We could see the Cardinals play from anywhere in the place and they have killer deals on beer.  But I would have to thin twice before I would go back, give it a try...maybe you will have a better server.  :)
3	I love me some country music, so the atmosphere was great. The music is loud enough to dance, but still not too loud where I couldn't hear my girlfriends. Live music on the weekends is a great extra. We only went there to drink, so I can't vouch for the food. The drinks were good, but SUPER overpriced. Disappointing. However, if you're on the hunt for a cowboy/cowgirl, come here on a Fri/Sat night. It was fun to watch all the two-steppin. I'll most likely wait to come back until they have a good country artist stoppin' by.
4	Love love love this bar and grill (:I was super excited to go here when I visited the BF in Arizona, since i'm quite a Toby Keith fan.There was karaoke of course, and some people really couldn't sing. But that's what makes it so entertaining right?I love that the restaurant and bar aren't physically separated, since I'm still under 21 and can't yet get in the bar, but still want to listen to some karaoke!Absolutely love country music, so I liked getting to sing along from my seat, but not having it be too loud that I couldn't have a nice dinner conversation.My food was good, but I was just so excited to go there, I wasn't as concentrated on my food as I maybe should have been!Hoping to go here again soon, and when I concert is going on!
2	I came here to check out Jake Owen with a bunch of friends last night. When I walked in I thought the layout was pretty cool. There is a huge bar in the center and on one side there is seating to grab some grub and the other side has the stage. As it got later and later, it got more crowded and crowded and there wasn't anywhere to go except further back into the restaurant area, bummer, but at least I could see the stage, right? Wrong! When the headliner got on stage, the staff, whom I pretty sure didn't pay to see him perform, jumped on the bar and was standing there for the first song. What the heck? Oh, right, they need to take pictures. Oh, wait, only two out of the six actually had cameras...weird. Eventually the other four got down and we were just left with two to maneuver around to see the stage. There are several TV's set up that are showing the stage and what's going on, but due to the light show, you weren't able to see the band. I thought drink prices were pricey and dear reader, don't even bother ordering a $6 small shock top because its gone in about four sips. The ladies bathroom had an attendant taking up a lot of room and thus making the line to just wash your hands slow, but they bathroom was clean despite the number of drunk people using it. "Meh. I've experienced better" pretty much sums up my time at Toby Keith's.
3	This place has so much potential, but the service sucks. The bartenders obviously don't want to make any money, because they ignore you if you come up to the bar. We had three or four workers walk by us last night before we just left.I do love the live band karaoke though. They do it every Wednesday night and often will give away tickets to their upcoming concerts if you have the pipes.They get some big name guys here for cheap, which is really exciting. I've never been to one of these shows, but I am planning on going before I move out of Arizona.If they worked on their service, this place could be one of my favorite bars in the area.
2	This plays good country music if u have been a long time fan. No hip hop for "the girls" to get out on the floor and shake our butts to though. The biggest problems i had with the place were 1. They took our table away from us to make more room 2. There were little kids still there @ 10pm 3. The place id full of Ed Hardy , Affliction wearing, fohawk rockin, pointy toe boot stylin' douche bags!! I mean full of them! It was awful!
4	Excellent happy hour.  Great place to relax, have a beer and enjoy some good music.
1	Good looking wait staff, big place.  Beer overpriced.  Sound system substandard.  Video system poor.  Oversold venue full of plaid western shirt wearing children.  Don't believe I'll return.  Sorry Toby, your joint sucks.
3	So we hit up Toby Keith's bar after dinner for a bachelorette party. My friend loves country so we thought this would be really appropriate. We walk in and it's Saturday night around 10:30pm and it was a little on the empty side which was a little surprising but obviously who cares, we came here to party! We go up to the bar and stand there for 15 mins before a bartender asks us if we want anything. Several bartenders were walking around not doing anything which got me a little irritated as well as my friends. We finally get our drinks which were pretty good at least. I'm not a big country fan but if you love country or want something different you should try this place. Definitely not my scene.
4	I have never been understanding of people. If you are being served by a waitress for over an hour, do you really try to pay at the bar? Have you ever ate in a restaurant before? This is not a Denny's. Even worse, the waitress was in close proximity. Fun Country bar though.
4	I can tell you what I'm not a fan of, country music.  What I am a fan of though is hot cowgirls!!  On that note, this is a huge venue and it can be a hell of a lot of fun!  Be prepared to be bumped all night by people.  They pack this place in.  If you can try to rent a cabana, that's your best bet not to get banged up.  This place is more of an eye candy spectacle than anything else I would say.  This is not my go to spot, but I'm more than down to come here if someone suggested it.
1	I (used to) love this bar, but it's gone downhill in terms of service and clientele. We went out for a friend's birthday last night and I was surprised to find that a bar that prides itself on being a neighborhood-type, country bar now charges a cover. (For guys, at least.)I love the live band and last night was no different. They rocked. I was disappointed to find that the crowd was nearly half the size of what I remember though. The place used to fill up. Maybe it's the cover that's turning people away? Or maybe it's the bad service....At the end of the night, we had a difficult time flagging down one of the many bartenders to close our tab because they were preoccupied with cleaning up. When we finally got one's attention, she rolled her eyes, asked for our last name and then replied: 'You opened your tab wayyyy on the other side of the bar.' She rolled her eyes again and then reluctantly fetched it, because, you know, that's her job, and then slapped it down on the bar top before us without so much as a thank you.We noticed there was a charge for a Jack Daniels ($8.50 for one BTW. Forgot to mention that their prices have gone up.) we never purchased and when we brought this up to another bartender, we got the same amount of attitude and not a single apology. I've worked in the service industry and certainly understand how, at the end of the night, you're more than ready to clean up and get out of there, but that's no reason to treat your patrons so poorly, especially since the crowd appears to be thinning.I don't know that we'll be heading to Toby Keith's anytime soon. I'll take a good DJ over their fabulous live music if it means I'm tended to by a mixologist who makes me feel welcomed and appreciated. And maybe one who smiles. :)
1	Service: Horrible. I suggest you serve yourself. That includes finding a sink to wash your own glass in, cause it ain't gonna be clean when you get it.Food: Make sure you know where the nearest urgent care is. Hope your deductible isn't too high. Getting your stomach pumped isn't so bad though, is it?Manager: Doesn't know, doesn't care, doesn't have a brain.Booze: Cheap if you can get served. Which you can't. Music: Two kinds, so loud you can't talk, and doesn't work at all.Make sure you check your bill. And your credit card statement. Daily after you go here, cause chances are someone else is using your credit card number after your visit.Atmosphere: Freezing cold, all the time. I recommend layers.
5	The burger and freedom fries were PERFECT!  The place was great, fun.  The service was excellent.  Had a great time..
4	Toby Keith Bar & Grill, where shall I start? It's my kind of place, just walking through the front door puts a bit smile on my face.It ain't too far, come as you are, I love this bar.If you know these lyrics, then you will most likely enjoy this bar just as I do.  There is good country music playing, large beers served in a mason jar, and did I mentioned the deep fried Twinkies? There is plenty of room, an nice little outdoor patio, decent country crowd, and lots of 2-steppers getting down on the dance-floor.The drawbacks? I would have given a solid five stars if not for the way the rude bouncers started kicking us out when it got close to 2am. I am not used to being treated that way, and I could not believe that is how management has their bouncers treat their customers. That did really leave a bad taste in my mouth, but I still have love for Toby Keiths. I will come back every chance I get!Tip- Toby's has pretty good concerts. Check out the website to find any upcoming performances!
2	This is our second time in 5 years to Toby Keith's bar. I wanted to give it another chance. This time it still wasn't a place I would visit if I wanted a good meal. The atmosphere is cool, very big, good for a concert. But on a weds night with maybe 50 people in it it's seems deserted! Our waitress was very cute, but had no clue on that she was a waitress. She was concerned with flirting with the bar and male staffers. She's hanging out with her friends at another table as Im waiting for her to come back and get my payment for the bill she just left...maybe she is just giving me time to write this review. The food is decent, turkey melt is a 3 1/2 star. The burgers are a 2 star, it's big, but you can tell it's a frozen patty, dry, no flavor. Other than that if you go to the bathrooms don't be surprised if it might be dirty and no hand soap. With 20 or so staff you see there is little interest in the little details of a restaurant. If your coming here for a bar or night out.... You should have fun!
3	I need to give this place 4 different reviews. One star for the fact that it took over 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge us when we sat at the bar. 4 stars for the bartender who actually took care of us even though we were not in his "section." 5 stars for the drinks and fried pickles, and five stars for the concerts. It was amazing to watch how the service changed drastically when the bartender realized that I tip well and after each round of drinks. The rest of the night my drinks were amazing and the service was impecable. When you sit at the bar one of the three bartenders should at least acknowledge you. It is really sad to see them look up and walk the opposite way like you are not worth their time. If they didn't have such great concerts for so cheap I probably wouldn't go. While the fried pickles are awesome, they are not worth bad service. I have had dinner here once, and it was okay. Nothing memorable and the service was slow at a regular table but not like at the bar where we were completly ignored.
1	Hello Kyle, I would give it 5 stars on fun factor alone!   Servers and Bartenders were super friendly.   Loved the place in general. So why one star????    I wish I could go less, I wish there was a Zero or negative number.  The complete and total losers / so called security that works the door!   If you call that working.   Yes we had 35 plus people in our group and rented the Jack Daniels room for the entire night for a birthday party. We are all 30's and 40's professionals, mostly couples, no jerks or obnoxious people in our group. I believe our server would describe us as very polite.   At one point I went to walk two couples out as they had to leave and I just went to say goodby and thanks.   Upon trying to re enter the bouncers said I didn't have a Blue wrist band I explained I had arrived before 7 and there was no cover and we were in the JD room and proceeded to show him my ID.  He replied we are no longer allowing anyone in that has been drinking.   I was not intoxicated in the least and explained my entire group and tab were inside.  He replied he didn't care and I would not allow me to re enter even when I politely offered to pay.    When I asked to see a manager they laughed and said we will get right on that, never moving or getting me one.   Our entire party had to cash out and go to another bar because these assholes wouldn't let me in for no valid reason whatsoever.  I contemplated going back to see the manager or denying the charge on my CC as I didn't sign it...  When I mentioned this to friends the next day they replied Karma had already has paid them back.  That these are complete and total losers who peaked in high school and are currently working the best jobs they will ever have due to their intelligence level. I thanked them for the very accurate advise and let it go.  Funny since the incident we met two bartenders that work at TK, who said your not telling us anything we don't know, our security is known for being total assholes.   Sorry cant return....
3	Service takes forever!!! Either you need to be dishing out awesome tips to get attention or need to be a hot piece to get a bartender's attention. Just sayin' Live bands and dancing is amazing!
1	Had gift certificates so figured, why not? Got the sampler, some beers, and some mashed potatoes. Nothing in the sampler was particularly good...and the mashed potatoes tasted like nothing other than undercooked potatoes.
5	We have been there twice now and we've had the barbecue ribs both times. They are fantastic. My coleslaw and mashed potatoes were also very good. The water has a bad taste and we mentioned it to our waitress and she gave us iced teas at no charge.
4	Can you burry me in a coffin full of Toby's Mac & Cheese? My life would be complete if so. I didn't have a taste for much else on the menu or the bull or the waitress uniforms but the Mac & cheese is to die for. . More? Yes please! !
3	I went there with the guys last night for the nachos, which were delicious as always. I really don't think you can find many better, any especially not for ten dollars. That being said, the service was some of the worst I have ever had eating out. The guy was nice enough, but he was just really bad at his job. Everything took so long, from almost thirty minutes to get our nachos (which was probably not his fault), to refilling our drinks (which did not happen once all night unless we waved him down and asked). I don't ever expect a server to ask if I want another drink when he is still serving my food, or when I ask for another one. The answer is yes, and if you would bring it, that would be great.I have no idea how long it would have taken to get our checks if we wouldn't have asked for them, and then brought them back to him with our payments.4 stars for the food, a generous 2 for service
1	I have never had a good restaurant experience at Toby Keith's. There was a time, when literally EVERY order I placed, whether food or drink came back wrong. Not to mention the servers are a bunch of ASU chicks that are too hot (in their own minds) for their own good, and thus the attitude reflected. Ate there last night...ordered a hamburger. 45 minutes later I received my burger which was mediocre at best. Toby....stick to playing bad music!
5	Toby's Keith's is so much fun. They host the best concerts and you can dance the night away! Bartenders are awesome and friendly! Great food as well!
3	The concerts here are wonderful. They bring in some great acts. Getting service at the bar can be a joke but the food is decent. The appetizers are the best, fried pickles, worlds largest nachos, etc! I just can't ever seem to get really good service. Once you track down a bartender it is hard to get them to come back. And I always tip very well so it is very dissapointing for a place I love to come for concerts.
2	I really use to love this place. I like to go dancing and ever since they took away the bar around the dance floor, there is no place to put your drink, lean and the dance floor is virtually nonexistent when it gets crowded. The last 3 times I've been there they served me beer in a 32oz cup not a mason jar wtf? Still this place is good to come see concerts Hopefully the one opening up in Peoria will be better.
1	Toby Keith's looks like a fun entertainment spot, but it is definitely not a choice food destination.  The food is always just a bit off here and it just doesn't taste or smell quite right.  The portions are large, but everything is greasy from the potato appetizers to the fries, burgers and BBQ.  I've tried Toby Keith's now twice using Groupons and I can't say that I will ever return.  My wife took out the remainder of her burger and fries in a foam container and it sat in the car while we took a 15 minute detour into Walmart and we were assaulted by a rancid, acrid smell when we opened the car door that reminded us of bad grease , old french fries and nasty, wet socks all rolled into one.  Needless to say the leftovers were donated to a tr ash barrel just a few minutes later.If you do decide to eat at Toby Keith's, a couple of things to do:  1) sit as close to the bathroom as possible; 2) stock up on extra soft, highly absorbent toilet paper, 3) stock up on your favorite antacid and 4) stock up on Fabreze.
3	Stopped in for lunch and ended up watching Calvin Johnson set the receiving record.Ok, had the turkey club, you need a seriously big mouth to try and take a bite of this.It was very good, could only eat half, the fries were great.I sat at the bar and some of the girls behind the bar have serious bitch attitude.If you don't like your job go work someplace where you don't have to deal with the public, maybe they were having a bad night the rest of the staff were very friendly.
3	This place has a nice layout and good bands on the weekends. The food I've had has always been very good. The biggest issues are the mediocre service and that everything is priced too high. I really don't think that a tall beer is worth $9 just because some singer owns the place.
1	I really love my husband as he does try to please me often.  Sometimes he just doesn't really "get it"  I am a huge fan of authentic honky tonks and rowdy country bars REAL country bars out in the boonies....This place is of course a pseudo wanna be new fad country bar cashing in on the fame and name of Toby Keith.  I do like Toby Keith just fine but people he isn't bar-tending here....so when he announced he was taking me here I had to grin and bear it obviously so as not to hurt his feelings-- but i could have told you it was going to be overpriced and touristy and full of assholes that want to be weekend cowboys and cowgirls...with big titted waitresses in booty shorts taking our order....Yes there is some line dancing or swing dancing going on but unless you are really good you don't want to go out there and strut yourself because the people on the floor obviously do this on a weekly basis and are very good....so stay out of their way...Not my thing but then again I knew it wouldn't be ---
3	Big. Drafty. Good location . Service excellent. 2.00 beer and call liquor but crown and water was $8.00 . Bill had the Delmonico sirloin, 19.00, as did my mom, tasty and tender. I had the southwest chicken salad for 10.50. Salad was huge, plenty of chicken, dressing on side. We asked for a lot of extras and our waitress was cheerful and happy to deal with us.  Reasonable, clean, but cold. I can see how this could be a fun bar for the 20-30 crowd tho
4	I loved this place when it opened! It's big, it has live music, good drinks and slightly above-par bar food. It draws in such a diverse crowd and everyone is there for a good time! It's a good people-pleasing place and I can usually get big groups of random friends, not just country fans, to go there.However, it definitely peaked, got a little too trendy and big for its britches, if you will. Drinks got ridiculously expensive, there are covers some nights and it gets sardines-crowded. I think having competition in Cactus Moon next door come in brought them back down to reality because the last time I was at TK's, it felt more like the original Toby's I know and love.
2	First time there a week ago and I wasn't very impressed. I'm not a country fan but was willing to give it a try.   The good points: I guess the now serve coors products.  Watching drunk people try to bull ride is fun.  Live band and dance floor.  While the band on the night I went wasn't the best, I did appreciate that they played more pop style country.   The crowd that night was not very country.  The age range was also a benefit, you can find young and old alike.   The bad points:  horrible to find close parking if you are not there early, line for the lades room comes with a 10-15 minute wait, so ladies get in line early if you have to pee real bad ;).  Price for draft beer was a little too high.  Very little seating. I might be willing to come back during the day and check out the restaurant.  So I can use my 1/2 price appetizer coupon.
1	We went for beers and a snack when it wasn't busy at all. I think it was maybe 4 on a Saturday. Very nice layout and looked like it would be a fun place in the evening. Food was good but the service was horrible!!!! We will never be back. Had at least 10 waitresses  just hanging out talking while we were waiting to be served on. We would have stayed longer and had a few more beers if it didn't take 20 minutes to get one. Very disappointing.
3	I'm a rocker by nature but have an affinity for country music and the honky tonk scene.  Checked this place out with a couple friends just out of curiosity.  The place is huge!  Interesting mix of people, not just country lovers which was cool.  They really pack in the people though which after getting bumped into several times can get annoying depending on who's doing the bumping if you know what i mean.  Next time I wouldn't mind renting a cabana just to have a little personal space to retreat to if needed.  I had a decent burger with fries.  Food was middle of the road.  Nothing special.  Had more fun people watching then anything.
3	Great lunch n service. Very relaxed place at lunchtime.
4	Used a Group On for first visit.  Visit was during 'off hours' on a weekday afternoon.  Atmosphere was great with plenty of room. Food was good and beer was cold and great.  Happy hour is 11a.m. to 7p.m.  and draft domestics were full size and only $2, plus other great drink deals.  I had St. Louis ribs that were very good and excellent sides of fried Okra and waffle fries.  Wife had excellent hamburger with fixins.  Only problem was VERY slow service, maybe due to time of day.  We'll definitely be going back for more food, drink, and fun.
3	Oh no, I have apparently become a regular here!  So, I am from the middle of nowhere, where the definition of dressing up to go out entails putting on your cutest plaid shirt, jeans and boots.  I think this may be why I kinda like Toby's; it reminds me of back home.  The inside feels like a large barn with a bar in the middle, and a band playing live music on a stage.  The staff is nice to look at and generally pretty swift at getting anything you need.  The clientele has become variable.  I almost wonder if the band playing almost determines the turnout of the kind of patrons at Toby's.  Some white trash mixed with some true country folk and for some reason lately random hipsters and rockabilly guys and gals end up in here too???  In all honesty, I think I am still swooning from the first time I stepped into Toby's.  I met two of the finest cowboys I have ever met in my life, and they turned me out on the dance floor.  It is amazing how important first impressions are..Maybe I just keep going back in hopes of such a grand night out of beer, tequila and cowboys, but it usually ends up rather anticlimactic.
1	NEVER AGAIN  will I ever go back to this place. The security staff are a bunch of rude douche bags that feel the need to push and shove women out when it's time to close. WHEN THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE INSIDE. We were there early and had to pay $5 because "national act" was performing. Why come up to people that have been there and ask to pay but whatever. It was the most horrible experience and it was mostly the security's fault. Don't go there if you have a group of people and just want to have fun. They apparently don't condone that.
1	I absolutely abhor this place. The service is the worse I've ever seen. They have a niche clientele that maybe think the trashy waitresses and freedom fries are cool but I feel highly uncomfortable here and wish I never knew it existed and the food is chilies equivalent.
2	We came in around 8:00 for dinner on a weeknight, the place was fairly dead. I'm pretty sure my baked potato was cooked that morning, it was hard. My salad tasted like dirt. My boyfriend's chicken was very thin and in-turn very dry. He did however love the baked beans which appeared to have pulled pork in it.
4	I have only been one time and I am not the biggest country fan.  But the bar is great and I had a good time.  However, it was empty though I hear it gets pretty packed when a big name country star/band plays there.
4	The service is slow, but the food is good and the drinks are strong. Plus they honored a yelp coupon!!
3	Only fair food, huge bar atmosphere!
4	Expensive for my liking between cover charge and the price of drinks. I'd say it is worth it though for the awesome live music and country girls running all over the place. I'm docking one star: In the bar's namesake song, Mr. Keith utters the line, "No cover charge." That, sir, is bullshit!
1	This was my first time here and I will NEVER be back. My friend had a few drinks but was in better condition than most of the people I saw stumbling around and was escorted out, to our amazement, from the restroom because she was apparently intoxicated. This was because a waitress directed the bouncer to do so. Even the bouncer looked confused when my friend quiet and confused walked a nice straight line out the door. I am in my 30s and spent many a night during my 20s hugging toilets in bars and never had anything like this happen when it should have. She wasn't even gone from our table for more than 5 min when this happened.  So... Apparently if u spend over 30 seconds in the bathroom, u WILL be escorted out! Crazy , most bizarre situation ever! NEVER COMING BACK!
2	I've hear that Toby Keith's song about his bar says something like "never a cover charge". On Wednesday night there was a $5 cover charge for guys. Then the door people handed me a card saying that there were $1 domestic beers for guys until 10pm. So we went to the bar and, after some delay, the bartender asked me, "Would you like a short one or a tall one?" I said a tall one, so he brings me a 32oz. mason jar with Blue Moon (a domestic) with a slice of orange. He said, "That'll be $9." Some other guy later on that night said he also got ripped off that way, too.Even the ladies were paying a lot for alcohol, $7.50 for shots of Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey. The place was pretty dead except for our party. The sound system was good, although too loud and we did get some dancing in.
3	This place is huge, like GINORMOUS huge. Live music on the weekends which is fabulous for two stepping. The bartenders are really great and even the security guys were awesome. We got pretty whacky and they put up with us! My only issue is location, because there isn't much else around. Albeit, when going out two stepping, you're more than likely not looking to migrate anyway. Overall TK's is a good time!
4	I was prepared to not like this place because I'm pretty opposed to places that go to such great lengths to "brand" themselves.  First the good news:  I'm giving a 4 b/c of the dancing, the music and the bull, oh yeah and the beer in mason jars.  The food is a 2 or 3 so don't go there for the food.  But - discounting the drunk cowboy who tried to dry-hump me from behind when I bent down to get something out of my purse - I enjoyed the dancing, the live music and the booze.  We got to the restaurant before the cover charge and so after we ate our mediocre food, we were able to dance and carouse without an additional fee.  We had a great time, got all sweaty with our dancing and bull-riding, and then had our DD drive us home.  Fun, fun night!
1	Toby Keith's I don't Like This Bar. thankfully i'm a girl and it was free to get in or i'd be angry! the poor guys who have to pay. that's so dumb. it was basically impossible for anyone to get served here. everyone at the bar was getting irritated because no one could get drinks and when you'd place an order you'd have to wait forever again just to get the drink. same story when you're ready to close your tab. either their bartenders are horrible or they're insanely under-staffed. regardless we left because it was horrible.
1	Expect no service pretty much at all. That includes the bar. We hunted for anyone to help us for a long time. One poor guy in our party is still waiting for his food long after we have all eaten. The staff is poor and don't really care. I only left a tiny tip and they didn't deserve that. JUST STAY AWAY! Listen to his music at home and have a beer from the fridge and save the hassle!
3	Done well for what it is. The cover band that plays at 9 on weekends is not bad at all. Watching couples 2 step out on the dance floor is great fun especially if there are people taking it way too serious... Which there were. I'm not really into the pop country vibe but I still had a good time on the dancefloor spinning some ladies around amidst a sea of bobbing cowboy hats. The mason jar 32oz beer is a nice touch.
2	Ya great atmosphere.....food not so much. I personally could go down to the Walmart across the street and get the same garbage they serve here. I had chicken strips and I think I would have enjoyed McDonald's better. Their BBQ sauce wow?! The hell made that sauce it was horrible! Unfortunately my wife enjoyed the place and wants to go back so we can dance and listen to the bands.
1	Went Thursday with two lady friends for "Ladies' Night" which was posted as starting at 8PM on their website -  turns out it didn't start until 9 - bad advertising!Waitress didn't know what beers they have on tap (not impressive line, anyway), and didn't know about a couple of fairly basic drinks (don't they train their people???)....  The "DJ" from KNIX basically turned on his laptop and started the playlist.  No interaction, nothing... they would have done better to just turn up the house music...There weren't a lot of people there, even after 10 PM, about when I left.... I pity the guys who had to pay a cover charge....  it wasn't worth it for FREE!!!! This was the second time I've been to this bar - likely won't be back!!Should be named "You Probably Won't Like This Bar".....
4	The place is entertaining. I usually come here cause of the free ufc fights. Food is pretty good. I haven't had anything I didn't like just yet. We usually stay a little after the fights. I'm not very country (from Brooklyn ny) so we usually get some glares cause everyone is usually wearing cowboy hats, tight jeans, flannel button downs and huge belt buckles. It's an ok place every now n then. But a great place to watch the ufc fights.
1	I can't believe they charge guys a cover for a terrible band and horrible service. I've never been treated so poorly when a bar has taken my money for a cover charge. The girl just snatched my $5 and didn't say a word. GET EMPLOYEES THAT TREAT PEOPLE WITH RESPECT!!
3	This is my favorite bar in Mesa. They have something going every night, with a live band playing most nights. The cover band, Zona Road is fantastic. They do a great free live band karaoke on Wednesday nights, which is also another great night to come if you are wanting to learn country dancing and two-stepping. They make the karaoke a contest where you can win gift cards and tickets to upcoming shows. Be prepared for a very crowded house and cover if you are coming on a Friday or Saturday night. They also serve beer in mason jars, which is a super fun novelty. The service is hit or miss, be prepared to wait a while for a drink if you can make it there.
2	I have heard good things about their concerts and the nightlife dance scene. I skipped that and took my German husband there for lunch.  Gals at front dressed in uber skimpy outfits which may be a male attraction.  All of them seemed rather clueless.  We sat at the bar and after having the bar tender walk past us 5 or 6 times with no greeting of any kind we were informed the "Kitchen was totally backed up because someone called in sick" thus no orders were being accepted.  I found this rather strange because there were only 10 people eating.  Surely one cook could handle the "rush."  Anyway, we didn't eat and just ordered beer.  Had four grossly overpriced, beers.  Almost impossible to get the bar tenders attention.  Getting check was a chore, getting our credit card run was a chore.  The place wasn't busy at all.  Seemed everyone who worked in this very large joint was touting a 2 digit IQ.  I won't be back.
2	I ordered just a regular old burger that was nothing special and quite frankly over priced. I wasn't too impressed with the live music they had playing. Also expected the atmosphere to be a little more fun and excited. Probably won't be back.
3	I have been to Toby Keith's a couple of times over the years. The first time was a couple of years ago for a local concert that became ridiculously overcrowded and claustrophobic but I will disregard that initial experience and review only this experience today. I met my mom here for a late lunch around 3pm because we were in the area so it was convenient. Our waitress was really nice and attentive and we wanted to take our time and she didn't have a problem with that.I ordered a green chili chicken sandwich (with no bun) and a side of coleslaw. My mom had a turkey club sandwich. My chicken was pretty good. It was a little overcooked but it wasn't bad. Nothing to write home about. My mom's turkey club was a HUGE serving and she said it was just okay.Overall for a midday dining experience we had an okay experience. The food was okay, the service was good. Would I be back? Maybe...
3	I've been going to this bar since the day it opened and used to love this place.  I'm a big country fan and love the crowd that it use to draw.  I've had birthday parties here, events here and would like to think of it as our go to spot for a night out with my buddies, or a night our with my wife.However, this place has been going downhill.  First of all, the food is terrible.  I've several items and none of them impress me.  From burgers, to nachos, to fried chicken, to salads, to sandwiches, nothing has been anywhere close to fantastic.  Along with the bad food, they started charging cover every weekend.  I understand the live band deal and enjoy live music, but I've seen enough of the Stephanie Eason band covering everything from 80's country hits to modern rock to last me a life time and refuse to pay to see anymore.  Please, go back to the old model and just play regular old country music through that awesome sound system every once in while so I don't have to listen to save a horse ride a cowboy or eight second ride in a women's voice again.  No offense to Stephanie Eason....I guess this place also thought it would be a good idea to start airing UFC on fight nights, which draws a completely different crowd.  I thought that's what Cactus Moon was for?  Seriously, the fight ends, the lights go out, and it's like a shift change with the crowd.  Very weird.Last but not least, they don't always serve beer in Mason Jars anymore and the prices have gone up.  The beers are large 32 ozers but they've gone up a couple of bucks at least in just the past year or so.All in all, this place is a blast and I hope that it can return to what it once was, a great country bar.  It draws a good crowd of friendly cowboys and cowgirls, and their wannabe versions.  It's everything Whiskey Row is not, which is a good thing and still gives them a huge advantage over that stinkhole excuse for a country bar.I would recommend this bar to anybody who may be a fan of country music, particularly the Stephanie Eason Band.  (Joke)
3	After living in Hawaii and being a huge country fan all you hear are is how AMAZING Toby Keith's is. I ended up researching live music in Arizona and I found out that there was a David Nail concert in Mesa. So we ended up going to Toby Keith's. Now let me tell you, this place is not easy to find. I ended up having to ask for directions from a shop worker at Shepler's. When we finally found the bar we ended up trying to go in and because we did not print out our ticket and had mobile tickets we were sent to the other door. Finally we got in and I tried to order a drink. You'd think that with so many bartenders that you wouldn't have to wait for a drink. Actually ended up waiting for 5 minutes for a bartender to notice me then I literally had to flag a bartender down. What ended up irking me is that they didn't have a menu of drinks and didn't have any drink specials that night. I ended up letting the bartender make me some sweet tea cocktail. I wasn't really happy with this bar.The concert it's self was pretty good. The sound technicians were good and the opening act was AMAZING. Im kind of in love with Brother's Osborne now.  There was tons of merch to buy from the gift store and the band vendors. I'm not sure if I would actually eat here though. The layout of the bar was really cool. Too bad the service sucked here. I would have definitely spent more money at this bar if I hadn't be ignored.
1	My friends and I had an awful experience there last night. We were eating dinner there for my friend's birthday. When we were almost done, a concert started inside the bar. 5 minutes after we paid our tab, we were asked to leave. My friend responded that we would leave as soon as we finished our drinks. At that point, the staff member (not our server) slapped the beer off the table, put my friend in a headlock, and escorted him out. Totally inappropriate and uncalled for! When we asked to speak to a manager things got even more heated and punches were thrown. Another gentleman in our group walked away with a black eye. It was a crazy night and there was no reason for any of it to happen. We wanted to call the cops but opted to leave instead and call it a night. We will never return.
1	This place sucks! Been there a few times and it has sucked every time. Wait staff is rude and slow. Food quality is poor. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	We went here for lunch on a Saturday and had a horrible experience. There was some kind of school band demo going on which would have been fine except it was unnecessarily and extremely loud!We seated ourselves and didn't even get acknowledged for at least ten minutes. We finally got drinks and menus and another ten minutes passed without anyone coming to take our order. And the problem wasn't that they were busy as 95% of the tables were empty. And there were waitresses there but none seemed to be serving customers. While we were there waiting at least three other parties got up and left which is what we finally did as well. Toby Keith should ashamed to have his name on this place!
1	Seriously...just got back from a birthday dinner at Toby's. I'm going to need some time, gather my thoughts, before I can accurately describe how bad the service was. Hard to comprehend...stay tuned amigos and amigas ;)Ok...I'm back ;) we sat down, party of six, ready to spend. Celebrating two birthdays. Ordered a round of drinks...then...the restaurant manager decided to hold a 15 minute staff meeting with all the servers. (Insert Cricket sound) Did my drink order get relayed to the bar? Oh no it did not!That was just the start. Getting a second round of drinks was like an act of congress. Dinner came and everyone got served except for one person who ordered the ribs. Her plate didn't show up for 15 minutes. The rest of us were done eating by then. We called the manager over to ask where her food was...she said she'd comp the ribs and buy a round for everyone. Now you ask...were the ribs and the comped round taken off the tab? No they were not ;)that was another 15 minutes.  ha ha. One has to laugh. And the kicker ...after all the delays...they reminded us near the end of dinner that my daughter (who's 15) needed to leave before 8pm!Honestly, too bad the service is so sad because the live music was good and some of the food was decent.  I guess it's fair to call Toby's a bar with a very laid back approach to customer satisfaction. Like you're the one lucky to be there ;)Take care all... Seasons greetings :)
2	Was excited to try this place as I am a Toby fan ... Cool atmosphere , BUT slow slow slow service . Don't go in starving !! We waited 40 minutes to get our food , nothing special ... 3 burgers and a grilled cheese and fries.  The food was descent , not great enough to go back though.  I can now say "been there done that" .
1	Service isn't great.Beer is good and cold.Food is terrible, and my stomach has been turning flips since I dined here for lunch today. We will not be retuning to Toby Keith's!
1	I would not waste my time nor money going to this establishment ever again. I went a couple Saturdays ago and it was the worst food and service I have ever recieved. I have been in the Nightlife industry for almost a decade so I completely understand if it's slammed and it takes a minute to get drinks served to me. But this was not the case. It was not busy for a Saturday night. We ordered drinks and the sampler platter first. It took a long time to get a drink but like I have said I do understand if they are busy so I didn't say anything. We then got our sampler platter, which we ordered chicken to go on our nachos, it was visually completely disgusting. I didn't even attempt to eat it. Then our meals came. I ordered a cheeseburger my boyfriend ordered the BBQ chicken meal. After our sampler platter I was hoping our meals would be better, nope wrong. The BBQ chicken platter looked like they dipped the chicken into BBQ sauce and threw it on the plate. He took one bite and said it was terrible. I took one bite of my burger I was not impressed. We asked to speak to a manger which she was very polite and comped our meal. We decided to stay a little longer so we wanted to have one more drink before we left and our empty glasses with no waitress in sight...finally she came over to get our order...the reason why she wasn't serving us was she was stocking cups instead of taking care of her table. I was so irritated by this point. When it's not busy and you don't have customers to take care of this when you do your stocking or your closing waitress duties. I was not impressed at all with our experience I would never go back here.
2	Great space and extra bonus for the young scantily clad waitress's roaming the place. The food, very forgetful. But, I gather people come here to drink and not expect fine cuisine.
1	Husband's birthday gets his free steak meal I order the  Buffalo chicken sandwich basic should be good negative.. Hot plate cold meat a lot of melted cheddar eh I let the waitress know she was nice at first but after I made the complaint she wasn't too interested to help us anymore basically avoid us lol my husband's twinkie took over 30 min to come out get the check sandwich is on there still what the hell?! I can afford it but manager came over he took it off since I mentioned it a bit disappointed over the food I do like the night scene though    I could go to my normal cheaper dive bars though      (all about veterans maybe didn't notice my husband's shirt? ?)
1	Wow what can I say. Very disappointed. Went there when visiting Mesa for my sons birthday. Seemed like a fun place to eat. Everything is wrong here. Too long to be seated. Only ones at the door. Too long to receive service. Receive food. Got the order wrong. Overcharged the bill. Really not impressed will not come back again.
1	Worst service I have ever seen we were ignored ...girl said she would talk to a manager and never did ...and I'm a  veteran ....we will not come back
2	My husband and I had dinner at Toby Keith's today and it was nothing spectacular.  The food was typical "Famous" named fare.  We definitely won't be going back.
4	Met up with some friends for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting more of a "country" bar feel but this place is pretty modern. Food was good - I couldn't bring myself to try the fried bologna sandwich though - and the beer is served in red solo cups.  Appropriate.Would love to go back on a busy Friday or Saturday night to see what it's like when it's busy and hear some live music.
1	a fun place for drinks and food was good but the worst service I've had in the valley!! will not come back for for that reason alone.
3	Ok... if you reading this still go but the owners where not ready for the cubs game after math (NO SURE WHY) the poor serve seemed to be doing everthing but she was nice after she realized she hah us waiting for just our menu and waters.... The place was getting packed FAST! we wanted to stay bc the drink and food are great but left to cactus moon after we request for our bill after done eating. But will go back bc its chill good place
1	We arrived at 6:45 and our drink orders were not taken until 7:05, at that time we were informed that happy hour ended at 7:00.  OK, we can deal with that but still annoying and it gets better.  When asked for a credit card to hold the tab open we asked if we could pay cash, we offered a hundred dollar bill and were informed that they can't hold cash and they needed a card.  No funds were available on our debit card as the account had been frozen, we tried to explain this but the bartender returned and announced very loudly that she hopes we don't run out on her.  Embarrassing but we stayed because I really wanted fried okra (it's so hard to find good fried okra in AZ).  We were sitting next to a very nice couple that we ended up dancing and enjoying some good convo with.  All of us were drinking but nothing crazy and none of us were intoxicated to a point that you could tell by looking at us.  About 1 hour into our night the lady of the other couple was asked to leave because she was intoxicated.  Let me tell you I have seen some drunks and she was nothing close to being too intoxicated, we only had 2 beers!  This is a 35 year old mother of 3 we're talking about here and such a sweet person.  When she asked why she was being thrown out they would not give her a reason and rushed her out in a very aggressive way.  She had to scream that her Coach purse was inside and only after multiple requests did they go in and get it.  The purse is expensive and not to mention everything in it and these guys could have cared less.  They wouldn't even let her husband go inside to get it because he was with her and that meant they were both thrown out.  This is the craziest thing I have ever experienced at a bar / restaurant!!  The bouncers were huge (obvious steroid users) that were seriously rough with a 120 lb girl, I couldn't believe it!!!  Toby needs to make a visit and get things straightened out or this place will strictly be visited by tourists because all the locals are going to get booted out at some point.  We will never ever visit this establishment again, what a joke!!
1	They suck every time I've come here. Don't look cold because they will think you are drunk and not let you in. The douches who work the door think they are the shit. They are just college students who feel entitled to being the asshole door man.
2	I'm hoping my experience was poor because we went in the evening (close to bar party time for them) and not an everyday occurrence. The food was sub part at best. I ordered a turkey wrap and it was soggy like it was premade and sitting there. The macaroni I got on the side was obviously siting under a heat lamp. When I go to a restaurant like this I expect made to order food, not the pretense of a left over. The service was ok but when I asked of they had bread or chips and salsa to bring out before the appetizer she looked at me like I was an idiot and said "well...I mean I can bring you small crackers."  I don't need to be treated like an idiot for asking for something a lot restaurants have as a customary courtesy. Won't be returning. No buenos in my book.
1	SHADY BUSINESS PRACTICE AKA STEALING!!!We came in around 3p for an early dinner after the gym.  Place almost empty.  My daughter ordered a burger well done.  It was out in less than 10 minutes, totally pink inside.  We asked for it to be taken back and cooked to well done.  She brought it back out and said we wouldn't be charged.  Ok, that was considerate and appropriate, but we did NOT ask for that, nor would we have.  My SW salad was passable.  The service was passable.When she brought the bill, I gave her cash.  She brought back $1.00 instead of the $1.37 that was due us.  We asked the server about it and were told "we round up."  WHAT???This is the most unethical thing I have ever seen a restaurant do and I am appalled.  Since when is it okay to keep people's money, even if it's 37 effing cents???  Now, if she would have asked me first, "we like to round up the bill and give the change to charity", I'd be perfectly fine with that.  Nothing about giving it to charity mentioned.  And, if they said that now, I wouldn't believe it.  What if every business in America did that, or even just every restaurant?  They must be making a hell of a lot of money in what they "round up" and you know it's not reported to the IRS because the bill wasn't "rounded up".  At the end of the day, they clearly have more money than receipts.  I wonder whose pocket that goes in?If Toby Keith owns this place, he needs to make some serious policy changes.  I took the high road and tipped the server extremely well in spite of this BS, but I won't be back.  I won't give a dishonest establishment my business.
4	Food was great!  5 Steaks and every one was perfectly cooked and flavorful!  Service was a little slow for a slow house though, so 4 stars.
1	Water tastes like it's piped in from the Rio Salado.  Lousy beer selection.  Weak tea.  Don't know how the food tastes because I refused to stick around, assuming the disappointing beverage experience was an indicator of quality issues.  Do yourself a favor and walk across the way to Matta's, an establishment with local roots and a decent beer selection.
4	This is not just any typical bar and grill. Live Music, dance floor, good food, friendly customer service, clean restaurant.... This is the place to go. Owned by future Country Music Hall of Fame himself Toby Keith, he allows other genres of music to perform here besides country. The bar is really big and there shouldn't be any bad reviews about it's space..... THERE SHOULD BE PLENTY OF ROOM!!Every meal I have ordered here so far came out of the kitchen with an appetizing presentation and well cooked. Can't complain at all about this place.This place is highly Military Friendly.You will see me as a regular here at Toby Keiths I Love This Bar & Grill
2	Good bar to go with 20-somethings and hang out.I, however, am not a 20-something so this didn't really appeal to me.There is a "dining" side to this place but the whole thing is big and open so if they are doing a sound check (like they were while we were there at 4pm) then it's louder than normal and hard to have a conversation.The menu has lots of options but the food quality is pretty standard IMO.I had a southwest grilled chicken salad and while it sounded great on the menu... it didn't excite me when I saw it nor when I ate it.  Pretty standard fare.  It's not bad... but it's not great.  And since there are lots of options in that area... I'd probably opt to go elsewhere.I also had the pomegranate margarita.  It was good but a bit too sweet for my taste.  Live and Learn.My friends ordered a special that came with potato skins as an appetizer, and they really didn't look appetizing.  They look as they had been premade hours before and then re-warmed because the skins were dried out and the cheese was hard.The burger on the other hand looked great.  It was juicy and big.  My buddy devoured it.  So... maybe that's the ticket.  :)The service was pretty Ok.  Of course, she forgot a water and a beer and remembered only after being reminded a couple of times.  But she was nice enough.
4	This place is a lot of fun as long as you love the country scene. I don't drink and still had a blast. We got the appraiser platter, not worth the price! The portion was tiny and the nachos were not like their main nachos and it just wasn't worth it. The waitress we had was super friendly but I'm not a fan of the "slutty cowgirl" look. That's not how a true southern woman dresses. The cowboy burger was great and so were the sweet potato tots (no cinnamon)! All around good time and mainly good food! And the kids ate free with the purchase of an adult meal!!
2	Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Was given a menu saying here are our lunch specials. We then try to order from the menu and they say that menu side we ordered from is only for the weekday but it wasn't even mentioned in person or on the menu itself. So we order the 'specials' anyway for regular price because it took long enough to have the waitress take our order in the first place. I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich only to be told a few minutes later that they couldn't make those on the weekends? So I ordered the chicken fried chicken dinner. Yuck. The chicken was too well done, the corn was soggy and the potatoes had a weird taste probably due to the gravy. Will not be returning.
4	Had an enjoyable experience there.  We went for the Wednesday Karaoke night and was surprised to find out it is with a Live Band.  Very unique experience, but most of the performers were top notch and the band kicked ass so it was almost like getting a free concert.   Had the Turkey wrap and it was very tasty.  We will go back again.
5	Will never go back here. For no apparent reason they removed all the tables while people were sitting at them and were very rude about it. It wasn't crowded and everyone just stood around with nowhere to put your drinks so no one ordered any more drinks and left.
1	Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and the place was  a ghost town.We were just there for drink sand ordered vodka sodas with lime. The bartender was nice but went MIA often. The club soda tasted very strange, almost sweet. Our drinks were served in red plastic cups while the couple next to us got glass...not sure what that was all about.The particular day I was there it was FREEZING inside while it was in the 90's outside. The barely clothed bartender told us she is NOT ALLOWED to wear a jacket over her uniform. This repulsed me as I see who I assume was the manager (a big, buff, tattooed guy) strutting around the restaurant.Places that put sexuality before employee comfort disgust me.
4	My friends and I go here on weekends sometimes and I really enjoy this place.  Let me start off by saying I haven't eaten here so I'm not judging on food or anything like that.  I've always gone so late in the night that I show up for the live music and dancing with cute cowboys and cowboy wannabes.I've had a few drinks there and I've never seen the bill outrageous or anything and they've never been gross when I've had them.  I don't know if they have nights that aren't live music as it's my friend who always picks the nights we go there and I've only been there with live music of bands she enjoys and we've always had a blast.I've been told there is mechanical bull riding which I haven't been there any of those nights either.  But I'm not really a country music kind of girl and even so I've enjoyed the bands that played there.I've personally never had an issue finding parking either and I've never been mistreated by staff.  I over all have a good time when I'm here.
1	Toby Keith once made a song and accompanying video for "I Love this Bar". The songs chorus was a blatant rip off of the Crash Tests Dummies (mmm, mmm, mmm?!?) and I'm really surprised that all of Canada didn't protest and simultaneously sue him in turn for this blasphemy. The video was also a blatant rip off of my second favorite scene from "The Blues Brothers" movie (sorry but even Jake and Elwood can't hold a candle to Cab Calloway singing Mini the Moocher) where the boys end up playing (Rawhide anyone?) in a rural, run down country bar. Beyond knowing that he sings songs vaguely country music like in nature and that he was a very outspoken "Support our troops and America Fuck Yeah!" kind of guy that pandered to Middle Americans I don't know much about one Toby Keith. Don't get me wrong I do have a soft spot for a smattering of country crooners, but Toby doesn't really seem to be in the same league (or hemisphere really) as the likes of George Jones, Waylon Jennings, Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson and the original Hank Williams.The hap and circumstance as to why I and the better half ended up in "Toby Keith's I Love this Bar and Grill" are unimportant but we have forgiven...though I have not forgotten. If Toby Keith had any consulting help when he green lit and went forward with this idea the company that did so should be dissolved and the yes men that told him that the name was a fantastic idea should be drawn and quartered. The name is entirely too long and the place is such an abomination that the man should be embarrassed to have his name attached to it. The name is so long that I will not be referring to it as Toby Keith's I Love this Bar and Grill and because I'm so embarrassed for him having his named attached to it I don't want to call it just "Toby Keith's". I haven't thought of a suitable nickname yet but "Turd Bucket" has a nice ring to it.The "bar" is nothing more than a tourist trap where everything is overpriced and comes complete with a full size store where you can buy all the Toby Keith's I Love this Bar and Grill merch your credit card can carry. The menu is uninspired, the contents of which you can find better quality at any BBQ or steak joint anywhere in the city. I've actually seen better looking steaks come off of an electric stove top. The actual physical bar is gigantic (I'm guessing like Texas, everything is bigger in Toby Keith's world) which leaves plenty of space for the bar staff to completely ignore you. And oh the staff...a collection assembled for their perceived physical attributes and not actual skill left us with a feeling that a fraternity and sorority were all given community service for the night. Back in the days when I had cable I saw an advertisement for a "plastic surgery nightmares" show of some kind; I'm guessing they filmed most of it here. The female staff should have skipped the awful boob jobs and botched collagen lip jobs and opted to join a gym to get rid of their muffin tops and flabby appendages. The guys should probably just chop their balls off now before all the steroids shrivel them up. While I normally appreciate places that have a decent beer selection and carry PBR tall boys, I can't stand places that over charge for tall boys of PBR; which of course this place does.The only salvageable quality of the place is that it was located super close to a freeway making our escape that much easier.  Correction...there were actually a mentionable moment on the dance floor located in front of the stage which were both ridiculously proportioned as well. Here we watched a cowboy dressed in matching black leather pants, vest and cowboy hat (shirtless except for the vest of course) twirl his female counterpart at dizzying speeds to a tune only they could here. His attire actually only reminded me of a little place called "Charlie's" and how the black leather dancer would have been a hit any given night there. In fact Charlie's is actually a superior country theme bar in every conceivable facet; even offer line dancing and two step lessons for all us budding cow pokes. It also happens to be one of the best gay dance clubs I've ever been to in my entire life. Something tells me we won't be hearing a new hit single by Toby Keith about Charlie's anytime soon.  But if he does pen a country song about Charlie's I'd like to suggest that he just rips off one of his own songs...perhaps the chorus could be..."Mmm, mmm, mmm I love that..." Alas dear reader, the rooster is crowing and the pullet is trying to get out of its cage. You'll forgive this capon if he doesn't finish that last thought.
1	I was sad to see that posted on the entrance was the sign, GUN FREE ZONE, GUNS NOT PERMITTED, this is just asking a criminal to go in and rob them, they know no one will shoot back. But it is their business and its my money, and I will spend it elsewhere.
1	Horrible experience it took forever for me to even get served then the female bartender never came back for over half an hour I was gonna stay and check it out but after that I decided to leave and after waiting longer for her to notice my empty glass I decided to go to the end of the bar myself and pay and she comes up gets other peoples drinks in front of me and leaves and doesn't stop to think hmmm I wonder y that customer got up from her seat and came down to the cashiers end of the bar????? Hmmmm??!! I really wonderSo I am forced to complain to the other customer standing next to me looking for her waitress and ultimately complained to the only server bar person I could find then she says to the bartender "can u take care of her?"Wow WTF??? ReallyPiece of shit place ain't never going back and NO, I DONT love this bar!!
2	Huge warehouse like bar and grill with strange Djs that play country along with hip hop and rap tracks to throw everyone off. The funny thing is that most people are dancing to the twerk songs rather than the 2 step! Its an average bar with average food and average girls.
3	I normally love the ambience of this place and the beautiful layout of the bar.  Food is OK, but the fried bologna sandwich is excellent.  Didn't give it 5 stars because I went in there last Saturday over Memorial Day weekend, sat at the bar, and ordered a glass of white wine to go with my lunch.  The bar didn't have ANY white wine - no chardonnay, no sauvignon blanc, no pinot grigio - nothing.  What kind of bar doesn't have white wine on a holiday weekend?  They need to do some inventory control.  No wonder the place was deserted.
1	We stopped in for lunch and to see if we would enjoy coming here for an evening of live music and dining. I couldn't relax and enjoy the experience because everything I touched had something sticky on it. We sat at a different table and it was no cleaner. For me cleanliness is is must have. Sorry we won't be able to enjoy an evening here.
1	A group of friends and I went into this bar on a Friday night.  I've had friends who had okay experiences, and I personally have been in there once before and it wasn't terrible, so it had potential, I guess.  I got my first drink from the bar and chatted with my friends, went to the restroom, got a new drink and went to the patio, where I was immediately accosted by two large bouncers (I'm a pretty small girl) who told me I was stumbling, belligerent, slurring, and disruptive, and I had to leave.  Despite all my efforts to have a rational conversation with them about what I could have possibly done wrong (since I'd been on the patio for about six seconds before they asked me to leave), they were rude and, frankly, pretty mean.  This bar is not busy enough to be throwing out all of their bar patrons, to be honest.  We went over to Cactus Moon, who not only treated us much better but also said this happens at Toby's pretty often.  Drink at your own risk, I suppose.  The risk being that you might buy an overpriced drink and be forced to leave most of it behind.. that's one (super shady) way to make money in a struggling bar!  :)
5	We have been to this location numerous times and always have a great time! The food has always been on point- get the sweet potato tots! Last night there was live music and the band was amazing. We met one of the members outside and he offered to do a shout out and song for our friends birthday, it was really nice of them. The service is usually fast and everyone is always friendly. The only complaint is our table was dirty when we got there but as soon as we mentioned it our server wiped it right away. If you want a table close to the stage, get there early! By 9 they were all taken. 5 stars all day long from this girl :)
1	They aren't even busy and it takes 15 mins to get a drink. Toby, you need a new bar staff. Worst. Service. Ever.
1	Way to expensive for bland unoriginal food. I had the Cowboy Burger which had a small dot of BBQ, had to ask for extra. The beef didn't taste fresh and was not well spiced. The staff was attentive but not very friendly. I have no plans on going back. There are much better options out there than an overhyped celebrity named American restaurant.
3	I have to say I had high hopes for this place but was not impressed with my overall experience.  We went on a Friday after work around 5pm. The place was empty, however,  it still took almost 15 min to get drinks. This was an issue for most of the night. The good news they had $2 drafts till 7. We ordered appetizers to share and had Beef Nachos and the sampler platter. The nachos were very good and came with plenty of meat.  The sampler platter was ok.  I was really excited for the fried mac and cheese but it's bland and tastes like nothing.  Once it got later there was a live band and dancing which was fun. We still had fun so I will probably give it a second chance to see if the service is better on another day.
5	So I was taking my grandmother out for dinner and let her pick where she wanted to go and to my surprise, she picked Toby Keith's. We had a GREAT time!!!!The I should have been a cowboy burger was awesome. The onion rings on it were nice and fat, and there was just the right amount of BBQ sauce on it. The fries were nice and crispy and not all soggy.My grandmother had the pulled pork loader, which was a baked potato loaded with cheese, and pulled pork. All I know about it was that my grandma said that she couldn't have been happier with it. I would have liked a bite, but it was gone before I could even ask.Our server, Rose, did a FANTASTIC job last night!!! She was on top of everything and very friendly. She deserves a lot of the credit for us having such a good experience.I have been here several times and never had a bad time. I have seen shows there like Shooter Jennings and it is a great place to check out shows too. There is just enough room to dance and have a good time during the shows. Over all, "I Love This Bar"!!!
2	I really wanted this bar to be fun.  I really wanted it to prove all the other reviews wrong.  Unfortunately, it's just as bad as others have said it is.My friend's after-wedding-party was held here.  The friend I had traveled with and I made our way over and were shocked by the line to get in.  We figured the line was simply to check ID, however, it was also to check our purses and get wristbands.  Also, it's a $5 cover charge for men!  1) why is there a cover charge for a place this size? 2) why did security say they check bags for bottles of Jameson?We got our wristbands and headed inside.  This place is massive.  In the center is the bar which is shaped like a guitar.  To the right is more of a dining area.  To the left is a huge stage with live performers, a dance area, and a couple of private areas for parties.  We found our friend's party in one of the private areas and headed in.  It was nice since it gave full view of the stage but country isn't really my thing so I just bopped my head along to the beat and watched in amazement as couples took over the dancefloor.  We were told to go to the bar to get our drinks and tell them which tab it was under.  My friend and I found an open spot at the bar and were told they don't "take drink orders there and to move to the middle".  Um....Okay.  So we did that, the bartender got my beer wrong, then said, "we don't keep tabs at the bar" but he was "nice enough" to tell our server.  Fine.  Later on, we saw our server coming to the party area to take drink orders.Overall, this place could be a million times better if they lightened up on security just a bit, got rid of the cover charge for men, and got better bartenders.  The servers were all very nice and like I said, the space is massive.  It has potential.
2	We showed up and the bar is closed/ chained closed with an eviction notice on the door.
2	I found it loud, uninteresting and poor service. The person I went with said nothing, possibly out of courtesy.
1	I'm sure my kind of experience wasn't rare and most definitely contributed to the very sudden closing of Toby Keith's!  What a shame too, they had the best fried okra and chicken fried chicken around!!
