3	Location is good, right next to Greenway Station.  Place is brand new so rooms are nice and clean...  except my husband wanted a room w/jacuzzi tub and it was digusting.  When he filled it up with water there was a gross film that looked like cleaning reside & dried skin flakes.  Nice.  He didn't end up using it and when we complained at the front desk they just said "sorry"...  we'll be contacting HQ about that.  Food was average, check in was slow...  the only good thing was they kindly mailed me my ipod that I stupidly left in the dresser drawer.
4	Looks like I'm going to be a dissenting opinion about the Hilton Garden Inn.  I've stayed in Madison plenty of times for work, and overall, this is the nicest hotel that I've stayed at.  Pros: staff are very nice and friendly.  Hotel has gym, pool, and business center at no additional cost.  You know how some hotels have that teeny tiny kiosk to print your boarding pass, and that's all you can do?  There are 2 computers hooked up to printers so can you do real tasks like check your email, Yelp, etc.  The beds are VERY comfortable.  It shocked me how nice they were.  Bathrooms have stone countertops and something heating the mirror, so that after a shower your mirror is still usable, not all fogged up.  Someone had their thinking hat on.  The hotel is walkable to several restaurants & I think they provide room service, but they will also help you order from a nearby restaurant if you arrive late in the evening.For a hotel this size, they do a really good job with breakfast.  It's a buffet with the usual cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit, oatmeal, pastries, and hot food.  But they really go an extra mile on the eggs, and every egg dish is cooked to order.  Whether you want 1 scrambled egg or full omelette, they'll make it for you fresh, give you a table tent number, and then bring it to you.I have 2 more trips this year to Madison, and hope I'm staying here again!
3	HGI's are very consistently good throughout the country, so if I have a choice, I stay at one when I am travelling. This HGI was everything I expected - comfy bed, large desk, big easy chair, fridge, microwave, decent sized bathroom.Amenities: free wi-fi, business center, gym, indoor pool and game room. Breakfast choices were good - the buffet had lots of pastries and hot items as well. They have a coin laundry on the 2nd floor with free detergent. Had no problems during my stay. Would definitely stay here again if I were to be in the Madison area.
3	I was visiting on a business trip and didn't know what to expect. The hotel is fairly new and has nice clean rooms, a decent gym, a large indoor pool, and good hospitality.  The breakfast is not free, though, so I was embarrassed to be admonished for taking a granola bar from a basket on my way out. The location is superb if your a shopper..it's right next to a new mall.
3	I like these hotels, and this one as well.  It was very clean, and modern, and the service was great.  I have ranted before about this, but the breakfast is weird.  It is not free, however, it is kind of presented out in the lobby like it is.  It is a buffet, but there is one or two servers running around making themselves seem overly useful to collect tips.  The breakfast is just very confusing, and unfortunately it is like this across all HGIs.  There is my rant....it really is a great hotel.
4	great clean roomsStaff up front were awesome!  Very personable, friendly and helpful.  Breakfast is great here, and at all Hilton Garden Inns.  I love being able to get cooked to order breakfasts, fresh fruit and cooked to order waffles.   YUM YUM! (can you tell I love food?)Location is in/near a strip mall which makes shopping for items you may have forgot a breeze.
5	Cozy and Comfy. We were shuttled to and from the airport and to Epic. Convenient to a small shopping center and nearby restaurants. Staff are friendly and professional. Each day I came back to a clean room and replenished towels, shampoo, soap and 2 pieces of chocolates. Thanks Esther! :)
4	The staff here was awesome. Granted my husband and I only stayed here a night, but check-in was super friendly and as a Hilton Honors member got 2 bottled waters. My husband forgot to pack a deodorant and when we went down to buy one from the pantry the front desk person offered to look for a complimentary one. When she couldn't find one she let us have the one in the pantry on the house. That was awesome!The rooms were clean, and they have a mini fridge and microwave which is a great plus. The fitness center at this one was impressive. It wasn't an entire gym, but it was bigger than a closet and the machines looked like they were kept very well. Even though I didn't experience the pool I was surprised by how inviting and family friendly it looked. It seemed a bit bigger than most hotel moderately sized hotel versions. If I ever have to cover travel for a colleague in Madison I have to come back to this one for sure!
4	Stayed here with a friend while she was in the Madison area for Epic training. I was seriously impressed with this HGI. I had previously stayed in one in Chicago that was pretty ghetto. Bed was comfy, and the pool area was very family friendly. I have never seen a hotel pool with that kind of stuff for kids. They also have a hottub, and the gym/workout area is very nice. Desk staff were super nice(I left my key in the room once). We had drinks at the bar, and I will say that my wine was a bit pricey. I did not have the breakfast, so I can't speak to that.
3	The hotel is pretty much what you would expect from a Hilton. Very clean and a very open entry area. Our room was clean but rather small. It had a bathroom that had no exhaust fan for your shower. The staff was very attentive and the room was very clean but there was nothing extraordinary about the hotel itself. It is very well situated right next to a outdoor wonderful mall.
4	Nice, clean hotel.  I had a room by the elevator on a Friday night and was concerned about noise.  I didn't hear a thing.  Good location for shopping at Greenway and many restaurants nearby.  I did not use the pool but it looked nice with a play area for kids.  I would stay here again.  Free internet.  Keurig, microwave, and refrigerator in room.  Very comfortable.
