5	'All rise' for this Pittsburgh original and 'be seated' for some of the best Italian continental fare in town.  If the name doesn't give it away, The Common Plea tips it's hat to the neighboring county courthouse with some courtroom style decor, dark woods, brass accents, legal legend photos, etc.  It has a private club, low key, elegant dining vibe.  Expect suits for lunch (judges, attorneys and the like) and glitz for dinner (though you'll be fine in business/upscale casual).It's expensive, but worth it if you love pasta, seafood, and wine (their list is excellent) and you'll definitely want to make reservations for dinner.
5	As its name implies, the Common Plea is very close to the Allegheny County Court House.  You will see a lot of judges, lawyers, etc eating here.  As Tricia S. says, the place is heavy on the dark wood and brass accents, similar to a judge's chambers.  The Common Plea seems to be a bit dressier, even for lunch.  It is not your typical grab-n-go place.  They do, however, offer  Common Plea box lunch options for business luncheons, conference breaks, or groups on the go. This includes popular Sandwich or Salad Box Lunches.With appetizers such as Zuppa Del Giorno and Calamari Vesuvio starting at $4.25 and entrees such as Gnocchi with Pesto Oil Roasted Peppers and Spinach or Cajun Crusted Salmon starting at $12.95, this is not a place to eat at every day.  It is, instead, a place to go for special occasions such as when my co-workers took me out for my birthday last year (last year's was a milestone).  The service here and the food are both impeccable.
5	It's been a few years since I've been to the Common Plea.  As I mentioned in my last review, it's not a place to dine at every day.  But Common Plea is one of those Pittsburgh dining institutions that has been around since before I was born.We had an early holiday supervisor's luncheon here today.  We decided to have it early in December so that all of us including our Field Office Director could make it. Being that I was just promoted in October, I now felt like one of the "in" crowd.  The Breakfast for Lunch (Frittata Potato, Spinach & Crispy Proscuitto or Hot Sausage, Eggs & Potatoes or Egg Whites Omelet & Steamed Vegetables) sounded mighty tempting, but I went for the Waldorf Salad with Cajun Chicken & Granny Smith Apples.  Yeah, I know.  I've read the reports that restaurant salads are even bigger carb- and calorie bombs than entrees.  But it had meat, veggies, & fruit--that's healthy!  O' but was that salad scrumptious!
2	so hubby and i have never been so inspired to start up a yelp account until this very day, right after coming home from lunch at the common plea. oh and note that there is supposedly a "business casual" dress code.we were very excited to try out common plea. we had a $30 gift certificate to spend there, and we figured lunch would be a good time to try out the food fare. and if it was any good, we might go back for dinner some time. when we arrived at 12pm, it didn't look too busy, but it filled up more by the time we'd finished lunch. however, even though it wasn't terribly busy, we were led to the back of the restaurant to be seated on the back "wall" we shared with their kitchen staff. we didn't mind the noise until our fake wall started shaking from time to time. they offer bread rolls and a flatbread cracker and seasoned olive oil dip while you wait for your food. the sweet wheat roll was soft and delicious, as was the large cracker. however the other two sourdough-looking rolls were hard as rocks, thus rendering them inedible. i don't know how they taste because the crust was simply too hard to bite through.  hubby ordered the espresso crusted salmon with honey basil yogurt and mushroom rice, while i had the piattini - a set of 3 appetizers, and i picked the prosciutto wrapped shrimp, short rib sliders, and crab boursin cornet (a cone-shaped pastry stuffed with crab mixed in with boursin cheese). the espresso crusted salmon was pretty good and standard for salmon. however the espresso crust was very light. it was barely noticeable, unless you ate pieces of the salmon directly on top. it flaked well, but wasn't as tender or moist as salmon we've had elsewhere. or even the chimichurri salmon we get from trader joe's and bake at home. the rice lacked flavoring and was a bit hard when chewing through it. i expected more of a risotto-like consistency. at least it looked the part. they are quite good at plating their food. in terms of my set of 3 appetizers, i definitely enjoyed the prosciutto wrapped shrimp. basically it's lean italian bacon wrapped around large prawns. i got 2 of them along with about 2 teaspoons of a mango/red bell pepper/red onion/cilantro salsa. the salsa was good, but as long as you use fresh ingredients, it's pretty hard to screw up. my crab boursin cornet i was very excited about when i saw it on my plate. it was a little (2.5 in. long) pastry horn/cone stuffed with a ball of mixed crab with boursin cheese. the flavor was good, however i was disappointed when i discovered my pastry crust was soggy and cold. usually pastry crusts are supposed to be flaky, crispy, and hot in my experience. when i mentioned this to the waiter, and asked "is my pastry crust supposed to be soggy and cold?" he said "yes, that is how it's supposed to be". so sad. it could have been sooo much better. there was potential there. i'll give them that. then my short rib slider. was small as expected. a toasted bun with carmelized onions, mushrooms, and "short ribs". i took one bite and had to put what was in my mouth back on the plate. it was incredibly chewy, in a bad way. upon opening up my slider and examining my "short ribs", i discovered i was chewing on a piece of fat. when i attempted to dissect apart the paltry bit of meat from the fat, that proved to be impossible with a fork and knife because the actual meat on that thing was too tough to either bite or cut through sadly. hubby's attempt at my slider wasn't any better. he said it was 90% fat. and he had to agree what miniscule pieces of meat in there were extremely tough to chew on and bland. we thought about giving them one last chance with dessert. so we picked the creme brulee option. we've actually made our own creme brulee quite a bit... it's a real favorite treat for us! the crust seemed freshly torched, it was crisp and wasn't too burnt. however upon cracking the crust, hubby noticed lumps inside the creme brulee. and texture-wise, it tasted like really thick whipping cream with lumps of course, it's usually a bit more pudding-like and smoother.  it came with an almond-covered cookie thing. i was confused when i bit into it, because it tasted like a stale cookie. then hubby pointed out that it was a thin slice of white bread, with almonds and stuff baked on top. not too appetizing. it would have been so much better if they attempted almond tuilles.sadly, our meal did not go as well as planned. the presentation of the food is pleasant and appealing to the eye.  taste was just alright for hubby and 1 out of 3 appetizers for me. oh and they don't refill water for you at all throughout the meal. and be prepared to wait at least half an hour for your food and the same time for your dessert to come out even if it doesn't look busy. not planning to come back to this one any time soon.OH AND BTW... YELP LETS RESTAURANTS FILTER OUT NEGATIVE REVIEWS AND HIDES THEM. CLICK ON THE FILTERED REVIEWS LINK ON THE BOTTOM TO SEE THE REST!
4	Food was delish- service was outstanding and very personal.  I enjoyed this restaurant!
5	While the Common Plea Restaurant is not an every day dining experience, it certainly is one of Pittsburgh's most special ones.  Regardless of the meal time or if you're a first-timer or regular...they always treat you like you're part of the in-crowd.  The servers, bar tender, and manager have always been extremely helpful and they always aim to make sure you feel at home.When I think of  "class" this place always comes to mind.  Be ready for intricate drink selections as far as the palate is concerned, same thing with the food.  Excellent quality (although portions on seafood sometimes are "meh") and always full of flavor.This was my second time eating there but the first since becoming a devoted Yelper, and I definitely feel like it deserves all five stars.  Once I'm a little older and make more money ... I'll go there and become one of the regulars, haha.
3	It had been years since we had been at the Common Plea, but found a restaurant.com coupon and decided to give it a try.  The martinis were decent but could have been much colder.  They call themselves an Italian restaurant, but have no Cabernets by the glass according to our server.We ordered the stuffed banana pepper appetizer, which was very tasty, and the heat snuck up on you.  We ordered the veal parmigiana and the tortellini stuffed with asparagus.  The tortellini was home made dough, and very good and tasty.  The veal was just veal. Very little sauce, over fried and served alone.  Perhaps a side of pasta would have been appropriate.  Just eating a piece of meat isn't very satisfying.Service was very good.  We weren't rushed and our server was helpful.
4	Good food, reasonable prices, friendly conversation
1	The Bartender was very rude to me, It's a very "Old Boys" place, please think twice before supporting a place like this, really the bartender call me "Kid", I'm almost 50 years old, and made a hand gesture for me to leave, I guess I just didn't fit, but I just want back to the Taproom at my Hotel, the Omni William Penn, a classy place that knows how to treat Customer's.
3	The Post-Gazette is reporting that the Common Plea will be closing down on Friday May 31.
