4	After plenty of planning and back and forth trying to nail down New Years Eve 2012 plans, and with so many options here in Montreal, we finally decided on staying close to home and chose Alex H. Not only is it fairly close by, but it is also a BYOB restaurant, making it superb choice for larger groups who would most certainly be indulging. The restaurant wasn't decorated for NYE, but as always, it was a quaint, rustic French bistro. When we arrived, one of our party was already seated and had decanted one of the wines we brought with us, "Les Meysonniers", and it was ready for us to imbibe. The restaurant wasn't really busy, but there was obviously a large party expected as there was a long river of tables and chairs smack dab in the middle of the restaurant. They were going to be hit with a crowd sometime soon, that much was certain.The surprise of the evening was my son, who decided to join us old people for the evening. The restaurant quickly adapted, adding a chair to our table along with a place setting. Once our whole party arrived, the young waitress came over to tell us a little about the evenings fixed menu and to serve us water. She also informed us that unfortunately they had run out of the rack of lamb. Too bad, but our reservations were for 8PM and I wasn't surprised that something would run out.The menu was 4 courses, a choice of rillettes or escargots for the first course, and the second course was a choice of  a creamy borscht or salad. The main meal choices were salmon et brie feuillette, filet mignon, coquilles de fruits de mer or the rack of lamb, and desserts were creme caramel or Amaretto creme brulee. 45$, 4 courses, and BYOB, what a great deal for NYE!We each ordered something different and after having tasted every dish available, the only thing I didn't enjoy was the borscht and the salad. The borscht simply because I am very particular about beets, and the salad wasn't very interesting, it was a mix of rough greens tossed with a very vinegary vinaigrette.The filet mignon was moist, served medium rare with sauteed wild mushrooms. The feuillette of salmon with brie was polished off by someone I consider to be the most finicky of eaters. The coquilles de fruits de mer, though strangely enough, not served in a coquilles was equally delicious. My criticisms are very minor, and thus, I didn't penalize this restaurant with a 3-star review. For one, no one took our coats and even as I struggled to reach up and hang my coat (the bar was fairly high for this shorty), no one helped. Second, service was a little inattentive, but that large group had arrived and our waitress seemed pretty overwhelmed. Finally, it turned out there was still lamb left, but they were saving some portions for the big group coming in a little later than us.I spoke with the owner about the lamb thing, and he apologized. That's really all I ask. I totally understand in the end, and if I hadn't seen one of the big group people sharing his AMAZING rack of lamb down the table, I wouldn't have been the wiser. Overall, everyone in our party had a great night, enjoyed the food, the company and the service at Alex H, and will most definitely be visiting the restaurant again soon!
3	This really should be a 2-star review, but I have been to this restaurant before and have had pretty good food, so I can't, in good faith, give them 2-stars based on this one fail. On the other hand, I can't leave it at 4-stars when clearly there is some improvements needed. Maybe it was because it was still using a Valentine menu, but I found the food choices to be lack-luster and boring. My duck was extremely thick salty (like the sauce may have been sitting too long) and the coquilles Valentine (with lobster), though passable, seemed to have been made with instant potatoes, I don't think they were instant (or at least I hop they weren't), but that was what the texture reminded me of.The service was pretty much non-existent. My waitress didn't even come over once during our meal, and I actively sought her out to complain about the duck. Too bad, it was pretty good the last time I visited, but this was a disaster!Even though I am updating this review with a penalization of 1-stars, I will go back again when there is no special menu and HOPEFULLY, be able to re-instate their rating.
5	This place is excellent! The service is always quick and polite. The food is fantastic, always tasty. One of my favorite spots! For great food at a great deal Alex H is the place to go!
