1	1. They moved, and their website still shows the old address.  The new location is "hidden" behind a larger building, and to get into the salon, you have to enter in through an "outer" building; it's a suite inside of a building. Didn't matter much since they were closed by the time I found the place.2. They were closed by 4:50pm, and they don't have their hours posted anywhere at their new location. I'd refer to their website for info, but it's apparently out of date.I love Aveda products; I will apparently have to go elsewhere to buy them.
4	I recently had a pedicure after purchasing a Groupon. The salon is very nice inside however the smell of perm products is very overwhelming. I would say it's the only negative. My pedicure was very lovely. I would go back in the future.
2	I bought a Groupon for a half price reflexology pedicure.This is an Aveda salon, so if you like their products you at least have that going for you. The salon isn't the easiest to find- it's a plain storefront in a strip mall. Pedicures are done in a small room in back. There are two chairs and they bring a bowl of water for your feet. It's not bad, but it's right by the salon's back room so you can hear employees talking on their breaks. It's not the most well-ventilated room either, so it's a bit warm.What I was expecting was something more than a regular pedicure, since with was supposed to be a "reflexology" pedicure. What I got what less that what most basic nail places do- no scrubbing, exfoliation, or even light massage.  They put Aveda lotion on my legs at the end and lightly worked on my nails and cuticles before putting on polish.They didn't even use a basecoat or topcoat on my nails, which is really strange for a salon! I would never pay full price for even a regular pedicure here. They have a very small polish selection as well.
4	Simple, relaxing surroundings for a good pedicure.
1	For a salon with a name as refreshing as Tangles Salon, this business sure has a its Goldilocks well....tangled. Although this location carries the Aveda name, it appears to be buckling under its weight. There are many issues at this salon, and only a few will be mentioned here.Tangles Salon has had a somewhat tortured existence here in the Madison area, what with experiencing not-so-smooth management changes, relocating attempts, massive employee walkouts, and even a fire in the past 2 years alone. One begins to wonder how they have stayed afloat as long as they have.After a devastating fire destroyed Tangles, it was clear that many once loyal customers had been caught in the middle of the chaos. Some arrived at the salon for their appointments, only to find the building in charred ruins, and most never got a courtesy call from the owners. Furthermore, the fire raises red flags related to safety, Although not mentioned in the police report, many ex-clients have speculated that the entire situation was suspicious.A receptionist named Deeon, was at the front desk when I last entered Tangles. He welcomed me to the salon, but his demeanor was cold and businesslike. He seemed very out of place in the salon, and didn't seem to really enjoy being there as he led me to the chair. I waited for 10 minutes for my stylist to come over from the very noisy break room I was unfortunate enough to have been next to. As I was waiting, I noticed an accumulation of hair and dust around the edges of the station. There were also many dead insects in the overhead fluorescent lighting, indicating lack of cleanliness throughout the salon.On the plus side, Tangles does have some talented stylists. But without the proper management and support, their work remains spotty and inconsistent at best.I wanted to like this salon, but found it difficult to look past the issues. It is important to note that it is difficult for any business to survive changing locations multiple times. However, when combined with the suspicious fire, the disgruntled clients, and the unstable behind the scenes management, it is safe to say that Tangles needs a deep conditioning treatment if they want to remain relevant in this city.
1	I recently purchased a Group On for a salon pedicure and called to make the appointment which they were booked two weeks out.  I made the appointment and the day before the appointment they contacted me to  tell me that the nail tech that I was scheduled with called in sick.  When I stated that my appointment was for the next day at 11:30 , they indicated that she was going to be out then as well.  Ok, I was fine with this, and they offered to get me in at 2:00 or 3:00.   I indicated that I would have to check my calendar and would call them right back, but she put me in  for 3:00 temporarly.  I called back 10 minutes later to let them know that I could not make 3:00 work due an appointment I had at work and would need to have my pedicure at 2:00.  This was done via voice mail and asked them to call me back to confirm this was still available.  I did not receive a call back, and followed up with a new call to Tangles the following morning, which was the day of my appointment and I left a new voice mail message to confirm that they received my previous voice mail and please call me back.   I did not receive a call, so one would assume that they had me down for 2:00.  I took a late lunch from work, and drove over to their location on Whitney Way which is a good 20 minute drive and when I arrived, was told they had me down for 3:00 and that they were booked and could not get me at 2:00.   At this point I was very frustrated, due to the lack of not responding to my voice mail messages. The receptionist told me she was aware of my calls, but did not have the time to call me back, since they were so busy.    This took an hour of my day, and a gallon of gas to drive there, and  was not offered any  compensation for their lack of not informing me that they were now booked at 2:00, even though I told them I would call right back to confirm either 2:00 or 3:00.      This is the poorest customer service I have ever recieved by far from a salon!!   I wonder how they plan on staying in business, when they treat clients in this matter and have no regard for their time and money, ($3.80 a gallon for gas).  I understand that sometimes it is necessary to adjust an appointment, but the lack of respect for my time is over the top for me.   Also when a salon signs up to offer a Group On deal, I would assume the goal for  doing this is to try and build their business wth new clients.   If they do not have the capablity to handle new clients, then they should not be offering this type of promotion.     Not A New Client!
2	Aveda salons, in my opinion, have a reputation of being soothing, presentable and tasteful.  Unfortunately, Tangles Salon lacked all three of those attributes.  I'd been to the former Tangles locations for pedicures a handful of times and decided to visit their new location when a Living Social coupon was recently offered.  I received a shellac manicure, partial highlight and conditioning treatment and based on what I spent on the Living Social coupon I am satisfied with the results, but if I had paid full price for these services I would be very dissatisfied.  There was just something "off" about my entire experience at Tangles.  The salon and nail room looked messy and unorganized, as did most of the hair stylists and nail technicians.  I didn't get that "Aveda vibe" at all, more like the "Cost Cutters vibe" (nothing against CC, but if I'm paying $75 for highlights I'd like the atmosphere to match the price).  Next time I'll resist the lure of a good deal and go elsewhere.
