4	Very friendly business.  When I went in to drop off some slacks they had home made cookies on the counter.  :)The price turned out to be a few cents over 20 dollars for 3 pairs of slacks (ready in 2 days), which I didn't mind paying since I haven't heard anything bad about this place compared to other large chains in the city.  I'd take my clothing there again.
4	This place rocks. There are always 20% off coupons to be found so you never pay full price.  Their regular prices are cheaper than most if not all of the other cleaners in the area.  They are a family business and the service is friendly.  I have never had a problem with my clothes and they also preserved my wedding dress for only $110.
5	Good service, friendly people and better prices than Klinke or Pilgrim.  My clothes always look great too!
5	Right on, Right Touch!Is this the closest place to me to drop my goods? No.Is it the fastest I've found in town?Yup! And that's enough to make me wanna drive a bit out of my way, to know two days later I'll have the bajillion shirts, sweaters, pants and usually a piece of bedding back. I bet if I planned better I wouldn't be so stressed to get everything back so quickly. But because I can't plan, and because I take everything there at once leaving me a Yelp hoodie and a pair of olive khakis I wore when I was 23, time is of the essence. They're friendly, thorough, and if you peep their website or shop at Woodman's across the street you'll have some coupons handy for big orders. Like all of mine. I find the prices are right on par with other places in Madison, cheaper in some cases depending on the bulk quantity. And I like the folks there and get a good feeling about the joint.
5	Can't beat the 20% off coupons that are always available on their site.Super friendly staff. I once called about a minute before closing to say I was on my way, about five minutes, will you stay open... and they did!!! I have no reason to go anywhere else.Good job cleaning too. I get comments all the time about how my dry cleaned blazers smell so good ( does it mean I smell bad the rest of the time!?) and they can always get stains out that I feel like I've washed and dried and caked into my clothes.One thing that would make it even better- electronic tickets so I don't have to give my phone number every time and they don't have to manually write it.. But who knows how much that costs for a small business.
5	Since moving back to Madison from San Diego in August, I have spent inordinate amounts of money on dry cleaning at Kinke Cleaners, which I thought was the only game in town.  However, the quality was poor (especially for delicate fabrics like silk) and I became increasingly dissatisfied.  This week, Klinke nearly destroying a formal dress with complex folds on the bodice that I need to wear tomorrow to a wedding in Chicago.  Not knowing what else to do and what business to trust (I needed the dress cleaned/pressed today!), I went with the recommendation of other Yelpers  - to Right Touch Dry Cleaners.  It was the best decision I could make.When I arrived this morning at 7am, the owner was empathetic and consulted with one of his staff on how to shape the bodice.  He said they would do their best and the dress would be finished by 3p.  I returned after work and after I saw the dress I was beyond myself with relief - it was pristine!  The fabric looked new (Klinke's incompetence made it look dull and unfixable) and the complex folds were expertly executed.  To top it off, it only cost $12; I had a 20% off coupon and didn't want to use it, but the owner insisted.  All I can say is that Right Touch possesses the quality and dedication to service that I've been looking for in Madison.  They have another very satisfied customer who will absolutely return.
5	COOOOOOOOOUPONS!Print them out. Take them with. Keep a copy in the car! The discounts on their site make their already low prices even better. Check it: http://www.righttouchdrycleaners.com/righttouchcoupon.pdf
5	I don't get items dry cleaned very often, so when I needed to have a formal dress cleaned, I wasn't sure where to go.  Even though I had coupons in my Bucky Book for three other cleaners, I decided to use Right Touch after reading the Yelp reviews (those other cleaners scored very low, and Right Touch scored very high).  My dress had only been worn once, and it had a large dark stain on the front.  The dress was stored in my closet with that stain for over seven years!  I was not sure it could be cleaned at all.  But Right Touch said they would do their best, and they got it completely out!  The dress looks brand new, and I am thrilled!  Plus, the price was incredibly reasonable!  I will definitely use them again for any future dry cleaning needs!!
1	I am just shocked!  I took this same dress in to be cleaned again after I wore it, and my experience this time was the exact opposite of the first!  To begin with, I was charged $3 more this time - for the exact same item.  I questioned it, and was told they obviously charged me incorrectly the first time.  I wasn't happy about it, but what could I do.  I paid and took my dress out to the car, and as I was putting it in the car, I noticed a dark "x" shaped stain on the bottom of the dress, about the size of a quarter.  This stain was NOT there when I took it in - I had inspected the entire dress thoroughly so I could point out any stains it did have (there had been some water type stains in the middle front, and a small dark dot towards the bottom).  Upon looking further, the small dot stain was gone, but the water stains were still there.  The dress also did not have that same sparkling brand new appearance to the fabric it had when they cleaned it the week before.  I took it back inside and pointed out the non-removed stain and the dark x one that hadn't been there before.  The woman said they would try to get it out and I could pick it up on Friday.  I left, and had been gone no longer than 5 minutes when I received a call from them.  A man left a message, stating the dress is not getting any better, he tried to clean it and it doesn't come out, they can clean it 15 more times and it won't make a difference.  They aren't going to do it again!  His tone implied annoyance at me, acting like I was unreasonable to even ask that they remove the stain that happened at their facility!  I am having a very hard time believing this is the same place that I took my dress to the first time!  Before, they were able to remove the large seven year old stain, and I was told I was lucky because that part of the dress was polyester fabric, which cleans well.  So how is that same fabric now impossible to clean?  I am beyond upset at their service and attitude this time.  What a shame, considering my husband just started a new job that requires he wear shirts/ties/dress pants every day, and we are in need of a reliable dry cleaner!  I will have to keep looking, as I will certainly not be going back to Right Touch!
5	People find it strange that I drive 20 minutes out of my way to drop things off at Right Touch. What can I say, they have won me over. In addition to incredible pricing and printable coupons (which I referenced in an earlier review) they are speeeeeedy. I dropped something off on a Wednesday and had it back on Friday. The staff is simply lovely, and when it came time to clean a fall coat that had some loose buttons, they secured all six for no extra charge. I'm sure the money I spend on gas to get there makes it so I'm saving a little less than just running down the street from me, but I've grown to like them and they're across from Woodman's. So dry cleaning drop off has come to mean alcohol pick-up!
