4	People tend to not know that Las Vegas can be very family oriented. Lied's is the perfect example. Not many people even know about its existence, not even those of my friends who actually LIVE in Las Vegas.  So after having a great time there w/ our toddler son, we spread the word.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that its not as clean as other children's museums we've been to but their exhibits are pretty good.
4	Children's museum?  Who says?  I LOVE the Lied, and I don't have kids!  Giant bubbles, a mini supermarket (I have a thing for cash registers!), a shadow box, giant lighting balls - This place is awesome for ME, I can't imagine going here as a kid; I probably would have exploded.  (I don't think I ever did.)  I say if you're kidless but comfortable with looking a little kooky, just go check out what's going on there.  If you HAVE a kid, definitely bring them here.  It's fun and educational.
5	I don't know why they call this a children's museum because I am 22 years old and still am obsessed with the place. It should be the Lied Discovery All ages museum, but I guess the mock grocery store where kids can buy plastic fruit and bread for paper money forces this into the "kid's only" category. Huh. I don't believe it. Anyway...if you have a child, or can borrow one for an afternoon, you HAVE to go to the Lied Museum. Not only will you blow bubble the size of a motorcycle and play with all sort of funny instruments, you will learn a thing or two in the process. Don't believe me? Put your hand on the electric globe thingy and tell you have never felt anything like that before. On your way out, stop by the aforementioned grocery store, and learn a thing or two about saving and spending money (God knows I need to learn this lesson again and again.) As you walk out, stop by the gift shop and pick up some space ice cream bars, you know, the dehydrated ones that activate with the saliva in your mouth. They are great! Seriously, I am petitioning for a name change. Al l the goodness of this museum cannot be reserved for the tykes.Recommended company: For your own pride, you have to bring someone twelve or under. If not, you just look silly. This reminds me, does anyone need a babysitter? I need a kid for my next visit...No need to pay me.Recommended visiting hours: Afternoons, I believe, are the best because the more kids running around, the merrier!
4	What a great treat to have in Vegas! Our family really enjoyed ourselves here. They have lots of variety in their exhibits and from the looks of their schedule it appears that there is always something different going on. Most of the downstairs was closed off the day we visited because they were changing some exhibits around, but we still managed to spend nearly two hours here so it would have been even longer if the other section was opened up. This place will now be on our itinerary for every Vegas trip - well at least the ones where we take the kids! :)
4	Much like other Discovery Children's Museums, this has all sorts of hands on learning experiences, but many here I saw for the first time.  It is impressive for being such a small space in the same building as the library.  There was quite a bit to do, with things aimed at all age groups.There is a big section that tries to make nutrition interesting, my nieces were not that impressed, but I learned something so it can't be that bad.  There was a really cool simulator for being in a hurricane, and another for being in a tornado, which was out of service at the time, you pretty much stand in a tube and have 70mph winds blown at you.  It is really funny to watch people with long hair.  The only real complaint I have is that there is a smoking section right next to the entrance, so you get a stare down from every creeper at the library that day out for a smoke, and their seemed to be some homeless people hanging around.  It really isn't in the greatest area.  But it is definitely worth a visit, maybe not a membership, but if your kids love it, you can use your day's entry towards a family pass.
2	This museum is such a disappointment. I was born and raised in Las Vegas, and I can remember when it first opened. Fast forward 20 years and nothing has changed. I swear the exhibits have not changed at all since I was a second grader in 1990, except they're all a bit worse for the wear. I live in the Washington, DC metro area now, and I'm so glad my future children will have all of the museums and cultural enrichment my childhood in Vegas lacked.
4	I've been here many times. There are so many fun things to do for every age, yes EVERY age! One of my favorites is the bubble table. You can make HUGE bubbles, or you can stand inside one, too! It's really cool. I also love the wind tunnel - you stand inside of it and experience hurricane strength winds and the water tables.They have a variety of demonstrations throughout the day. The ice cream made instantly with dry ice is so cool, and so yummy! they also have crafts for different ages that change throughout the day, too.Their displays on the first floor change ever so often, and they just built a new permanent kids village, where kids can play store, or bank, and some others. The upstairs doesn't change much. When going there, it's best to know their demonstration and craft schedules ahead of time to take full advantage of those, but even if you miss every one, you'll still spend all day there having fun.The staff there is young, but very helpful. The museum is attached to a library, where a lot of homeless people come to watch free movies.All in all a great place. I just wish they would have more new things more often and that you didn't have to walk past the crowds of homeless people to get in. I never forget to lock my car here. It's also not the cheapest place to go, but fun none the less!
4	Went today with the family and had a great time.  The kids had a blast!  Some exhibits were not functioning, but all in all a wonderful time.
4	This is one of the best kid's activities in the city. There are plenty of interactive exhibits for kids to play with. Permanent exhibits include a village where kids can change a car tire, a fake bathroom where they can fix the plumbing, an airport with an airplane they can pilot, and a water/soap exhibit where they can make bubbles.There's a temporary construction exhibit where kids can learn about simple machines and build things using blocks, pipes, screws, nuts and bolts. This exhibit runs until May.My kid had a great time running from exhibit to exhibit and playing with everything. The museum can get crowded on weekends, so either come early  or stop by on a weekday to avoid the masses. Great place to spend an hour or two for kids of all ages.Admission: $8.50 for adults / $7.50 for kids. Annual passes are also available, with prices ranging from $65 - 85.
5	This place is great! Bring your snacks or lunch, because you can spend hours here. Toddlers to 10yrs probably. I saw some adult kids entertaining themselves so i guess age doesn't matter.More like a Children's Science Museum like the one in Los Angeles. Plenty of activities, learning areas. Tons of kids and adults but plenty of places to move to.
3	I have visited this museum several times.  Recently, they have made some improvements that took the well intentioned but well worn facility and exhibits up a notch.The builder's exhibit, village area and new entry separate from the library were big improvements, in terms of freshened exhibits that the children enjoyed, and providing a separate entry to separate the library patrons from families accessing the museum.I really hope the Lied Discovery Children's Museum keeps improving its exhibits and facilities so it ultimately becomes a world class facility.  This museum is a great asset to Las Vegas.
2	So I took my 4year old son out for date day I was confused when I drove up and saw I was at a library but owe well we had already loaded the car and were there. So we get out and go in the price was a smidge high. My son seemed to have an ok time but was over all done with the place in about an hour, For my son I would have been better off just going to a park.
4	So far, I've only been to two children's museums. This and the one in San Jose where I went with my friends' kids. So compared to the one in San Jose, this one is WAY BETTER.It's across the street from the neon sign grave yard and Cashman Center, right adjacent to the library. The first thing you'll notice is the group of residentially challenged folks hanging around by the library. There were several security guards patrolling the grounds.The tickets were $8.75 for adults and $6.75 for kids, but we had a coupon from the Entertainment Guide. My 3 year old had the best time learning how to use a crane while wearing a hard hat like Bob The Builder. Then we went upstairs to watch a live demonstration on liquid nitrogen, which was cool to see.There were rooms where one could host birthday parties in mock recording studios. The Trekkie in me enjoyed the hollodeck video game where you're a soccer goalie. I didn't enjoy the tornado chamber though. You're enclosed in a small space and the wind made it hard to breathe.We went back downstairs to the mock grocery store, mock airport security. But the BEST PART (for me) was the bubble station with the most perfect bubble solution. (I learned that my homemade bubble solution was missing glycerin). My daughter and I created huge bubbles and had the best time until it closed at 4pm. It took us about 3 hours to see everything. My daughter didn't wanna leave. I think we'll be back here for sure.
5	A very nice children's museum for a town known for adult fun and entertainment rather than things for kids. You can easily spend a couple hours here and it's located right across the street from the Las Vegas Natural History Museum, another great stop for adults and kids!You will need to have a car or take a taxi since it's off The Strip but it's still pretty conveniently located in town.
4	I wish I may I wish I might have a bigger better museum.In a town built for adult entertainment, there are few quality child-specific activities.  There are some good activities that keep my daughter entertained: the mock grocery store, the discovery play area and the mock airport security (I guess we travel waaay too much if she thinks its fun going through security).  Unfortunately, there isn't enough to keep her (and me) entertained for more than a couple of hours.  Food options are limited (as in vending machines), so make sure to bring snack or pack a lunch for your little one to snack on.  While I'm not asking for a full blown restaurant , a little snack bar with fresh sandwiches and fruit would be nice, as they have that in other museums around the country.Having been to a number of other children's museums, there is so much more I wish Lied Discover Museum would do.  Maybe an expanded arts & crafts program, a larger interactive role-play area or a bigger infant/toddler section.  I know funding is always an issue, so I can't really ask for too much, can I? I thought about rating this place 3 stars, but when I took it at face value and didn't compare it to museums in other cities, this place is really THE place to take a child.  Regardless of my wants for improvement, the Lied Discovery Children's Museum provides an excellent entertainment option for children in a city full of adult themes.
3	Yes. It's small. It may not be as nice as other discovery museums I've been too but this is Las Vegas and it is one of the few things Vegas has for kids. There isn't much for the really young kids but there are a bunch of activities suited for the age five and up group. Either way, it's a good way to stay out of the scorching heat in the middle of summer.
2	It's pretty harsh for me to give 2 stars, but read on.I'm an explorer.  I look for things to do with our young son when traveling. As a result, I have been to many children's museums.Half of the freaking exhibits don't work, are broken, or just suck in general.   It's only two floors.  Vegas could support four floors easily. The gift shop is great if you're 4.   The fat trick at the front counter was on the phone arguing with her husband (?) as the other girl checked us in.  My son went to look around the corner and see inside the museum. She stopped arguing long enough to yell at him to STAY WITH YOUR MOM AND DAD AT ALL TIMES.  Right in front of her, I told him, "IGNORE HER.  You are not mentally retarded nor handicapped. We haven't lost you yet and it's been almost 9 years.  Feel free to EXPLORE. "   O_oShe just looked at me.
4	This is a great place to bring kids to blow off some steam while the adults in your party go gamble.  The place is actually fairly large (2 stories) but it has an odd layout everything on the first floor seems compressed and everything on the second floor really really spread out.  The Berenstein bears area is cute there is a nice play area for the younger set as well.  I also liked the dress up/play stage area and the bubble/water area.  The upstairs is mainly scientific geared but still fun.  It is a little pricey for what you get.  There is a little area when you first come in that you can bring your own food or buy vending machine food and eat.  They have a miniscule gift shop.
3	I am spoiled. I grew up in San Diego and the girls spent the first 5 years in the SF bay Area. These cities know how to do a children's museum. In fact they have competing museums of awesome child centric wonder.  Of course they are also places you want to raise children, face it Vegas is not. The one issue I have about children's museums is parents who go.  They allow their children to act like brainless monkeys who are merely pushing every button they can without regard to what is actually happening.  Sorry morons but you dont get Hamlet by chaining your monkeys to a typewriter. This annoys me vastly because often the girls are pushed aside while they are attempting the scientific function of a display by some subnormal child who is looking to just spin the wheel.   If your child is going to act like an animal do us all a favor and leash them and bring them to the park. The rest of us would like to learn about the physics involved. The Lied displays are also inaccurate esp the food pyramid one. I am sorry but who says you can intake as many FRIED eggs and glasses of Chocolate Milk as you want. While also claiming that trail mix is bad for you.  Was this exhibit paid for by the Dairy Board?But with a vacuum of intelligent choices for children it is the best we have.  We should aim to do better. I cant wait for the Science Fair.http://www.lasvegassciencefestival.com/index.html
5	This place gets 5 stars because it's in Vegas and there really are very few options for kids in this town. If it were anywhere else it would have been 4 stars.Went there with my 2 and 1/2 year old on a Monday (they open on Mondays June 1 through Labor Day which is a huge plus). He had fun exploring some of the water things (dams and such) and the big bubble makers. We also had fun turning some cranks on bucket cables and gluing paper and reading in the arts room.I think the biggest plus was that it was almost empty. I am quite sure that I would not go there on weekends and holidays, but that's not specific to this museum.They moved the main entrance to the side (behind that cone-shaped structure) so you don't really have to walk through all the library's homeless people (some of which are quite obviously mentally ill). It's still not a pleasant sight, but I'm not sure what they can do about that.Most activities are intended for kids 4 or older (5 if you have a short guy/girl at home) and there are some cool things for older kids (maybe up to 9 or 10). There is a small baby corner for crawlers and early walkers which is also nice.I would definitely take my kids there if I were "stranded" in Vegas, but I wouldn't make a trip into town for this.Really, if it were up to me, I wouldn't bring the kids to sin city in the first place. It wasn't.
4	Summer break coming to an end I went with my 5 year old and with my friends and their children who are 5 and 6 years old.  We called ahead of time to ask if they have food there which all they have is vending machines so we came prepared packing lunches for all of us to eat.  You now enter at the side where you used to enter near the library and there was a room with a tv where the homeless were.  Before we never got bothered by them but at least we don't have to deal with it just in case.  The first exhibit we encountered was the Smokey the Bear with an employee interacting with our kids with animal puppets and then marching around with those puppets pretending they were the animal.  The kids LOVED this.  I loved the different elements in this room which was all about the outdoors from safety of fires, camping, the stars etc.  There are so many rooms to explore with different activities.  We loved the big bubbles you can make or attempt to.  The kids got to be inside a big bubble and an employee made a really large bubble which brought smiles to all the kids faces.  Then the music area with dress up clothes and a stage.  The kids enjoyed pretending they were performing for us.  As we walked out to get our lunches we walked past some cool drums like what they use for Blue Man Group!  Gotta take my daughter to see that Group.  After seeing the smurfs my daughter loves Blue!  Just teasing.  We ended upstairs learning about nutrition, excercising and checking our heart rate.  We ended with making sand art which was an additional fee of only $3.00 then to the art room where we (us adults too) learned to trace and transfer then color a piece we chose.  Even though mine didn't personally look like Wonder Women I think for being in my 40's I might change careers and get into Art.  Not!  But kinda impressed.We had a great time here!  Please Please bring snacks and water.  If you forgot you may deal with a broken vending machine like I noticed when we came here.
5	Membership has its privileges.  If you think that you might go more than once in a year, you HAVE to be a member.  I bought mine almost two months ago and we have already been four times.  They have special members events.  It's smaller than other childrens museums in other cities, but my 4 and 8 year old LOVE this place.  Two hours and I am still dragging them out of there.  I think one day we spent 4 hours there.
4	This is a great little children's museum in the middle of Sin City.  I have been to a number of much bigger and better museums, but living in the adult playground of Las Vegas- I will take what I can get...I have been here 3 times now. After seeing my 3 year old daughter's excitement during the first visit, I knew we had to get a membership.  And with every visit, she is just as excited. We usually stay for a couple hours, exploring the exhibit of the month, role-playing in the bank, grocery store,  airport, and auto shop.  (She would spend hours in the grocery store pretending to shop and ringing up the items on the cash register if I let her.)  She also enjoys playing with the bubbles, and exploring the different musical sounds on the 2nd floor. She also loves to sing and the "recording studio" is one of her favorites.  There are also arts and crafts appropriate for different age levels.  It is a great way to escape the heat in the summer -and let the little ones learn and explore year round. Quick Tips:* Food and drinks aren't allowed in the actual museum, but there is an area of tables, chairs, and a vending machine by the entrance where you can take a snack break if needed.  (I never leave the house without snacks!)* It gets crowded on weekends and it can get a bit stressful with all of the older rowdy kids running around, but if you go on a weekday- it is a much calmer experience. * Note that there are a number of homeless people hanging around the parking lot by the library next door.
4	Cool museum for kids to play and learn!  My only gripe was that it was hard to find!  Google maps gave me directions that lead me to the rear of the museum.  actually, another gripe: the museum is located next to a homeless shelter!
4	This is a great place to go for Las Vegas family fun and kids of all ages. I can't believe that it took me 5 years of living here to discovery it.  We've visited a dozen or so times since we found out about this place. There's plenty to keep the kids busy for at least a few hours. And here I stress, that you will need at least a few hours to really enjoy this place, easily more than that. My kids really love the Smith's grocery store, fully equipped with shopping baskets, fully stocked shelves, cash register's etc. They love "shopping here".  Upstairs, they loved the recording studio, the tornado simulator and the interactive games. Kids Birthday Party's Here... We did have our daughter's birthday party here last year, overall, the guests loved the experience. The party starts out with an activity,( we chose bubbles, but there are several other themes to chose from), then off to the party room for food and cake, then you have as much time as you like in the museum. That day, we stayed until it closed. It's a pretty unique place for a birthday party as far as the experience but don't go here if you are looking for full service. You have to bring your own food and you have to serve the food yourself. For me, this is inconvenient. I'd rather have the option of having some party helper's around to assist, so that the parents can have some time to enjoy the party and chat with the guests. Yes, they do provide a cake, but cutting the cake and serving it is rather time consuming. They do provide party favors as well.  Overall though, the kids loved the party. The main reason that I'm not giving it 5 stars is due to the location. It's just not in the best area of town, and a few times that I have been there, shady characters had been hanging out in the area.
2	Meh..... this place is very expensive. My husband daughter and I were 27 bucks. I was like o.k this place should be pretty cool. But all the displays were old and run down. For such a large building you would think that there would be more to do. But we were in and out in 45 minutes. I was really hoping it would be great but I wont go again. They will soon be opening a new museum next to the smiths center, maybe it will get that face lift it so desperately needs.
4	It wasn't what I expected, but it was still really amazing.  The kids loved it. We had a membership. The ONLY reason we didn't renew it is because it's so far from our house.Totally awesome if you and your kids are into fun ways to learn about science and nutrition.
5	Nice place to go for kids !
4	One of the best place to take your kids for a couple of hours of learning experience. It was only $9.50 per adult and I believe $8.50 for kids. Add an extra dollar and you get to make a colorful sand jar that my daughter enjoyed doing. They have many exhibits where your child can interact with. Such as grocery shopping, fixing a car, make big bubbles, dress up, and a water puzzle. Upstairs they had more of the science exhibits. My daughter got to learn about chemical reactions during the show. I suggest your kids watch it as well because it is quite entertaining.
5	We absolutely LOVE Lied Childrens Museum, every single time we go in we discover either an area we missed, a new way of playing or doing something, or like this last time a whole new exhibit. Lied, goes above and beyond what I would have ever expected. My four year old son spends hours playing with the various stations. As a Mom standing by while he connects the piping to make something work, tries over and over to make the ball go the right way, tries to stop the mini tornado, tries really hard to make a basket from the wheel chair, plays car repairman on the little Toyota, airport worker, bubble blower, grocery store cashier, plays in the tree house, and our new favorite playing with the abundance of Tinker toys is such a rewarding experience. Although, I am usually on the floor with him pushing him a little further to understand. Looking for new ways to not only expand their minds, but let them work those imaginations is tough, but at Lied its all in a single visit.  We bought the family membership a month ago and it has already paid for itself and them some. The volunteers and workers are always so cheery and just excited to get down and play with the kids. My son and I's favorite is Krystal, who every time we come in is always so happy, and gives off amazing energy! My nine yr old loves Lied too, and is always entertained. =) So pack up some lunches( they have indoor and outdoor picnic areas), and be prepared to spend at least two hours of fun!
4	Great place to take a kid.  The first part that you see when you walk into the exhibit area is kind of dated, but there is a lot of cool stuff for kids of all ages.  Older kids will probably like the upper level more; science, physics, and some cool displays (like the wind tunnel!) are fun and there are periodic short shows on both levels.  It's not a huge museum, but a nice diversion for Las Vegas.
5	i drove by this building so many times and never thought about going in there once because of the neighborhood.came here for my friend's daughters birthday party.i knew this area of town had a lot of homeless people but when i got to the parking lot it it must have been lunch time cus there were a lot of homeless people flocking towards the library...the childrens museum entrance had people at the counter and you couldnt enter without checking in and getting a stamp. glad they had security for the childrens area.this place is cool! i was probably playing with all the stuff more than the kids. i think some of the other adults felt the same way too. definitely not meant for toddlers but elementary and middle school kids would have a blast.all kinds of cool science experiments! you have to go and see it for yourself. i dont want to explain everything.just sucks that a cool place like this is next to the homeless shelter.
4	I had been wanting to bring the kids here for quite awhile but never seemed to make it.  A friend who has a membership where she can bring guests for free invited us to check it out.  The museum is located next to the library downtown so there are some downtown folk lingering about.  They weren't bothering anyone though.  My kids favorite parts were the airport, car mechanic and the grocery store.  They had so much fun playing and learning.  It is not the best children's museum I have ever been to but the kids enjoyed it.  I had to tear them out after spending most of the day here.  This museum is closing and a brand new children's museum is opening in Symphony Park.  I think the new museum will be more comparable to children's museums in other cities.  Looking forward to checking it out when it opens next month!
4	The new Discovery Children's Museum was great!It is a new $55M establishment near Charleston Outlet mall. There are too many things to go over, but your little one should be able to burn at least 2-3hrs+ in here!We really liked the Water World area :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lied-discovery-childrens-museum-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#kaS0mJmbB2-jrPHAPXNlwAWhich had lots of fun stuff like water cannons, dams and waterways, and just fun in the water! They give us cool little vests to keep us "mostly" dry lol.  Lots of cool stuff to explore, just keep an eye on your camera in here :)We also had lots of fun in the 70ft tower! There are tons of little places and activities hiding in each and every nook. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lied-discovery-childrens-museum-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#yCHvVWK1uBl-aDQtasD-2ALots of imagination here!  My little guy liked exploring so much...every turn had something new to enjoy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lied-discovery-childrens-museum-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#t-9a2L-cYERl74Ks1ROHoAOverall, this is a great place to spend some family time. At $12pp (incl kids), it is not cheap, but not expensive either! You can buy yearly passes for the whole family for a little over $100!
3	Would be five except its expensive, and also the designers werent thinking about how hard it would be to chase your kids in the multi-level nightmare of slides & climbing apparatus. In addition we had several encounters with rude employees. Read on. Really cool place to bring the kids on a hot or cool afternoon. That is, if you can find the place. Google maps took us to the wrong location our last visit, and this time it tried to take me the wrong way up a one-way street. If would make life easier on everyone if theyd put directions on their website. Beware though. If you opt to get a family plan, better make sure you have a husband, wife and kids. The management was yelling at the girl behind the counter because she evidently allowed a non-traditional family to buy a membership. She screamed "husband, wife and kids! Thats it!"  If i were gay I doubt Id darken their door. Not only is this policy offensive (50% of american families are non-traditional families), it was also very unprofessional of the management to yell at the employees in front of customers. I brought a friend from out of town and she opted not to go in. In fact , she said she never wants to go there again. If this incident hadnt occurred i probably wouldve given them four or even five stars. As it was, I was embarrassed that I brought my friends here. Not a good way to start the new museum.In addition one of the older workers on the level with the pretend grocery store was yelling at kids to clean up. Now, im almost 40. I get that its harder to bend over and pick stuff up. But this is a CHILDRENS MUSEUM. IT IS YOUR JOB!!! If you dont like it, and dont like children (she obviously didnt), find another job! Seriously. I read another reviewer said the same thing and it was obviosly the same lady. There were people cleaning up after the kids constantly in every other area so im assuming it IS their job. I think its probably a little early to be cleaning house of bad employees, but I saw two really bad ones just today. Perhaps the upper management needs to read yelp.
1	Many of the activities advertised were broken and the staff was rude to us when we tried to bring it up with them.
