5	Upon moving back to Arizona from California one of the things I had to accomplish was to get my car re-registered, but who wants to spend hours sitting at the DMV? So when one of my co-workers suggested Action Auto Title, my ears perked up.Yes, you still have to go get emissions testing at one of the state locations, but once that was done I headed down Scottsdale Road to Action Auto Title and within 10 minutes I walked out with a new license plate and registration for my car. The charge, just an additional $20 beyond the regular state fees. The savings, several hours of my life waiting for my number to be called at the DMV.If you need to get your car registered in Arizona, Action Auto Title is the way to go.Now if Arizona would just allow private locations to perform the emissions testing the way they do in California...
5	Our family and friends have used Action Auto Title for all our vehicle registration needs for over 10 years (used to be at a different location).  Shannon, the owner, is always professional and handles transactions so quickly.  The small extra charge vs. standing in line at the DMV is such a great value, and Action is more knowledgable and helpful than any DMV clerk I have ever encountered.  My friends and family always give me a call to thank me for sending them to Action Auto Title.
4	I went here recently to transfer the title of my car from my mom's name to mine and to also get the car registered under my name. Man! It was so easy! You don't have to make an appointment you can just walk in. The prices of the services provided are all listed on the wall and literally you're done in a matter of minutes. Definitely a hidden gem worth knowing about.
5	This is the place , Don't ever go back to the MVD. Shannon is great, smart, and very Knowledgeable. I have used her service for many years and tell everyone I know about her service , Simply the Best!Charles Forker Auto GroupCharlie Forker azforker@aol.com602-622-6873
5	Awesome place. Got my car registration and new tags. In and out in about 10 minutes. Beats going to the DMV. I'm a customer for life.
1	Lady at the front, I'm assuming owner is extremely rude! I was having trouble understanding paperwork necessary and there were no customers and she was not willing to help. Shockingly horrible service!
1	Most rude service ever! Expect eye rolling and annoyance for asking any questions. Do not support businesses that do not understand customer service. I definitely WON'T!
1	If you don't mind feeling like an annoyance, then this is your place!  I suggest going elsewhere if you feel like being treated as a paying patron!Lady runs a 3rd party DMV with her dog which is extremely aggressive!  Once you enter you have to double check where you're at, it smells like a candle factory, I guess you can buy a candle while you attempt to get title/registration work done for your vehicle.Definitely will not return!!!
