5	Oohhh what an amazing experience! I am a person who has experienced almost every "mega-spa" the b Vegas strip has to offer and yet happy foot spa left me feeling more relaxed and at nearly a tenth of the price. I am already planning my next visit and incorporating a visit into my weekly routine!
5	After spending several minutes (felt like hours though) reading a grip-load of reviews on all of the "foot spa" options we have here in Vegas, there were two factors that led me to give Happy Foot Spa a try, and I am glad I did. First, the location. As mentioned in a lot of other reviews, the options of massage parlors on and near Spring Mtn. Rd. are plentiful and a little overwhelming. I chose Happy Foot Spa because of it's proximity to my home. Second, price. In order to remain relevant and competitive, you going to find great prices at most of these places, and even though some of them will haggle you to the point of holding you hostage for more tip, Happy Foot Spa was not one of them.I opted for the 75 minutes/$39 session and was not disappointed. Upon entering the establishment, I was greeted with a gentle smile and a positive vibe. The main room is completely open as you can see in the pictures, with roll-down style bamboo screens separating every two chairs. I did not feel rushed, and even though the lovely lady did answer her cell phone (which was silenced) once, she did so quietly and quickly without really skipping a beat. Having lived in SE Asia for many years, i know this is not out of the norm, and it really didn't bother me at all. I paid $60 total and felt 100% pleased with the results. I made sure to grab a punch card and will be going back often. MY TIPS: Try and go on a weekday night roughly an hour and half before they close. I had the place all to myself and the neighboring businesses were starting to close themselves so it was very quiet. I know all of these places get crowded on the weekends so don't set yourself up for a bad experience. Wear a tank top as you will remain fully clothed (minus shoes and socks of course) and doing so will help them help you.
5	Great service, friendly, and affordable... Always call to make an appointment to check availability so you don't have to wait.
5	I was visiting Las Vegas and my friend had heard good things about Happy Foot Spa so we decided to try it. It's a little pricier than the rest of the foot spas but it's well worth it. The staff is very friendly and professional. I had one of the best massages I had ever had to be honest. It's not only a foot spa but they massage your entire body. It was so relaxing. The spa was very clean and organized. They kept the environment very quiet and peaceful. I'm still thinking about my massage a week later wishing I lived closer so I could go back soon. I would definitely recommend this spa.
4	Please take this review with a grain of salt, as this is the first foot spa I've ever been to. However, my wife said they were very good, great time for the price, and worked her target areas very well. I will try to update this review as soon as I have a bit more experience under my belt.
5	Happy is what your feet will feel like after a short time here. I  was a walk-in. I  asked the lady therapist for thirty minutes. She sat me into a reclining therapy chair after I  placed my shoes and socks into the provided wicker basket. A cold compress was placed onto my eyelids. Every muscle and joint waist-down was expertly exercised, with several nerve groupings thrown in for good measure. As if it isn't enough they have price-worthy options and addictive therapy, they have a loyalty punch card too. Ultra-satisfying experience.
