1	Meet with Dr. Swarnjit Singh for the 1st time I've ever meet with a GI Doctor. Needless to say I walked out feeling as though I've wasted my time & money. He gave me a speech regarding my sensitivity in relations to a fairy tale of the Princess & the Pea. Bottom line I asked to switch doctors at the office, but since he's the senior partner he has a policy that you cannot switch doctors for any reason at their practice even if you are unhappy. This is unbelievable in my opinion, I should be able to choose another doctor if I am unhappy for any reason with the one I was assigned to.  It should not be based on the fact that he is the major shareholder and has his own set of policies which doesn't follow the best practice for patient's rights. I also had to cancel my follow-up appointment to have some procedures done, because he also owns the endoscopy center.  The staff was aware of his unpleasent beside manner and kindly refunded me for the visit and apologized for time I wasted at his office, if only he was as accomidating as his staff was there would not have been any issues.
1	Swarnjit Singh is a joke.  The guy does not give answers, doesn't have time for question, is in to much of a hurry (most likely to make money).  I'm totally confused what condition I have and what medication is for what.  I have to google my condition, just pathetic.
1	I am sorry, I cannot recommend the facility due to long hold times just to get someone to come to the phone.  I cancelled my appointment before I ever got here.  When you're not feeling good, the last thing you need is the hassle of long waiting games on the phone, just to get thru to a human being.  I am talking well over 10 minutes of holding was the minimum. The doctors there may be fine, but it's not cool people.  Answer the phone it's the easiest thing in the world you can do!
5	My followup appointment with. Dr. Davis was very good, he spent time explaining my issues and answered all of my questions. I would recommend!
1	Do not go here, have no interest in your concerns or questions, just want your money. Appointments are 5 minutes max, and they get irritated by questions. Complete joke. Don't remember you or what procedures you already had.
