4	vegas cabs worse with greed....taking unknowing patrons around and around to destination...meters running steep...."gestimate" over 90% of taxi  taking roundabout routes through freeways 'n' around....overcharging unsuspecting tourists 'n' more....gray an alternative option from airport doors....$eleven total for round-trip from las airport to strip and back....an obvious bargain choice for solo travelers or a pair...offering tour service if needed...flat rate fares seem to desperately be needed for las airport cabs....for now...gray line offerin' reasonable ride to strip and back.....
4	Wow! My friend and I took a Gray Line tour from Las Vegas to Grand Canyon south rim. We thought it would be 8 tedious hours on a bus. However, to our surprise the seats were comfortable and the driver was fantastic! She was from the area and knew *everything*, and managed to talk the whole way from Las Vegas to Grand Canyon and keep it interesting to us. We simply loved her, and she made it a great *trip*, not just a great destination. She was also very professional and looked after our comfort and safety.We really felt that Gray Line gave us a fantastic deal and took great care of us, and I consequently recommend them for this tour.
4	The airport shuttle is a super deal. $12 includes drop off at hotel and return to airport. Plus, their operators are there late. I forgot to call to schedule my return trip and was able to call at 3am and schedule it with no problem. Drivers are friendly. Only one drawback --  you will probably have to ride to several hotels before they get to yours.
3	This is a decent option for getting from the airport to your major hotel destination in Vegas.  It's $6.50 a pop (one-way) & $12 for round-trip.  The driver I had was fairly funny, and made the trip a nice welcome to the City of Sin.
1	Just came back from Vegas.  And I almost missed my flight on my way home so I just need to warn other people here about Gray Line.On Jan 17, I made dozens of calls to reserve my return and the line was always busy.  Because I couldn't wait in line for more than 15 minutes.   kept calling from 7pm until 10pm.  Finally I got back to my hotel room and reached someone after 45 minute phone waiting.On Jan 18, the scheduled driver didn't show up on my reserved time and I was waiting at chilly hotel outside with my cell phone for 15 minutes to reach the dispatcher.  And she told me the driver would need another 10-15 minutes to come.  When I told her their driver would be half an hour late, she was very mean to say it was only 15 minute which was normal.Eventually the driver still didn't come at next 15 minute and I was almost giving up because the time was so close to my flight time.Before I went for the cab, there was another Gray Line bus dropping some customers to my hotel from airport.  The driver was initially refusing to pick me up because I was not in his schedule.  After begging with him with my almost flight, he was finally willing to pick me up to the airport with few more stops of passenger pickup.There was only 15 minute left when I rushed to gate and fortunately caught my flight.
3	Gray Line Tours is a good deal.  We paid $16 each for roundtrip airport shuttle service to and from our hotel.The downside is that it's really difficult to get through to their customer service.  You have to be patient and sit on hold.  If you'd like some advice, don't think you can wander through hotels while you do this, my phone kept randomly cutting off.They pick you up three hours before your scheduled flight to make sure you make it on time.Bell Trans also offers a comparable service.
1	Absolutely terrible line. I can't believe they charge $6 a person, when a damn taxi cab costs $11 to the strip. We got into Vegas and waited in the fume-filled busing dock for 20 minutes, after finally going to the window and asking where our bus was. They lady said it would be there soon, so we waited for another 15 minutes. Sure, there were Gray Line buses that stopped a loaded up passengers multiple times in front of us, but refused to take anyone else on. There was even a bus waiting in the dock for his group to land from vegas; talk about inefficiency.Finally our bus came, and holy damn was the driver unfriendly. He lost my tip. It took over 40 minutes to get to the strip, and finally to Monte Carlo. The driving was terrible, the bus smelled bad, and if you get carsick, this is not what you want to take.Save yourself the pain, and just take a taxi. It's worth the extra $5.
4	I booked my vegas vacation as a package deal through US Air Vacations. choose the round trip shuttle for $12 per person before reading any reviews on this shuttle. Based on all of the reviews that I read after I had booked my vaction I was terrified to try Grayline and thought I would be stuck at the airport on the way in and/or miss my flight on the way back!!  However, I was pleasantly surprised everything ran very smoothly. Got on bus as soon as we exited airport. And we had scheduled pick up at  out hotel for 1pm and we were literally pulling out of the hotel at 1pm.  Great service would use again.
1	I also booked this shuttle as part of US airways vacation.  I think u r better off getting a cab if there is two or more of you in the group.  We waited for a bus both coming from airport and going in.  The heat was intense.  I had my elderly parents with me and we waited at shuttle stop on the way back to the airport and I kept calling and they kept saying another 5 minutes.  45 minutes like that.  other shuttles were coming by (showtime etc) several times before grayline showed up.  do yourself  afavor and get another one or a cab
1	Driver left people outside of bus, in 100-degree heat, saying he was only dropping off. Then he walked in hotel, came back 20 minutes later with icy drink, now we could board. Very nasty to me when I couldn't immediately find my little paper voucher...he spoke to the other passengers on bus announcing that I was slowing down their airport arrival. This company apparently allows total jerks to drive for them.Would have been better value to take cab.....or just pay cash to shuttle that is already in front of hotel and ready to go. Waiting for 20+ minutes in Las Vegas heat, and having to track one more document(voucher) is crazy. Never again.
3	It gets you to where you need to go from airport to hotel without much fuss. $6.50 one way and $12.00 round trip. I felt compelled to write a review about this airport shuttle because it was an interesting ride. We had a Las Vegas business representative hitch a ride with us and he kept the passengers entertained by informing us of the Vegas deals while interjecting his own comedy bits whenever apt. He asked each passenger where they were staying and then when I told him the Wynn/Encore he asked how old Camellia C. and I were and when we told him he remarked, "that young and staying at the Wynn? You know he maxed out the credit card for that one." Then a female passenger added, "can I adopt them?" It was Vegas so anything could happen but I was thinking to myself, "chill out Angelina, the room is big but not big enough for the three of us." It was all in good fun...and a little awkward but fortunately the Wynn/Encore is the first stop and we got to our hotel pretty quickly. Overall, I'd use the Gray Line airport shuttle again as it was pretty convenient with minor delays both ways. I also told the Vegas dude I would definitely think about his deals when I turned 25 and was eligible to partake in it all.
1	Our bus actually broke down!We took a Gray Line tour to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon Oct 24, 2009.Just as the bus got into the Grand Canyon national park, warning lights started flashing and beeping - the bus had an air pressure leak and we could not go on.  A driver from a passing bus (a different bus company) let our passengers board his bus and drove us up to the lookout.  We enjoyed the view for a while and then were told that due to liability, this second bus company could not take us back to Vegas.  We were told Gray Line was sending a new bus from Vegas - this means we would have to wait 5 hours for it to show up!  It was already 3pm and getting cold.Luckily a third driver was willing to drive some of us back to Vegas for cash (we paid $40) - there wasn't room for everyone.  Not sure what happened to those who didn't get on this bus, but I would love to hear what happened to them and what time they got back to Vegas (probably 2am).I've called the company seeking a refund (at least partial) but was told I am not getting one since we got back to Vegas.  I wish we had read the reviews before booking.In hindsight I can see why the Gray Line bus had only 14 passengers and the other company's buses were full or near full (80 passengers).
1	Don't take this airport shuttle!! I repeat DO  NOT waste your money on this airport shuttle. My first time flying to vegas, we get out of the airport and the grayline shuttle is the first I see. One way = $6.50Roundtrip = $12Sounded like a great deal, so we bought a roundtrip ticket for $12 and got on a shuttle and we were off. It took them a couple stops until they got to our hotel. It was very easy and nice...so far so good. The shuttle had signs all over about tipping the shuttle driver. So make sure you tip the shuttle driver, he's nice and takes care of your luggage. If I were to judge based on the trip from the airport to the hotel, I'd say 5 stars. But here comes all the drama...We called the number on our ticket to confirm a pick up. They told us, 7:05pm at the south entrance of our hotel. So we made sure that we were there a bit early. We arrived at the pick up place at around 6:50pm. We waited...and waited...7:05pm passed by....then 7:15pm. So then we decided to call, the dispatcher lady told us to call back at 7:20pm because the driver has a 15 minute window due to traffic. Thats understandable. So 7:20pm hits...we call back...the dispatcher then decides to check with the driver. She then lets us know that the driver already came to our stop at 7:09pm and picked up 3 passangers. WHAT??? We were there at 7:09pm and we did not see any grayline shuttle. Maybe the driver picked up 3 passangers, but it definitely wasn't at 7:09pm, it had to be before 6:50pm when we arrived. Plus we made reservations to have 4 passangers picked up. Obviously there was some lack of communication between the dispatchers and the drivers. Or the drivers just can't count...either way, the next shuttle that was able to pick us up would have been at 8pm. No bueno. At the end we took a taxi to the airport, which ended up costing us all the same as the shuttle. Once we got to the airport and checked in, we went to the grayline kiosk to get a refund, and the lady there said they don't do refunds and we had to fill out a form and mail it in. Luckily our plane was delayed, and so we all sat there at the airport writing our complaint. Next time, I will either take a one way shuttle or a taxi. But never again will I take Grayline....Liars.****************UPDATE**********************Just got my check for $6 refund in the mail. No note, no sorry for your inconvienence...just a check. Thank you Grayline for reading our complaint and mailing us a check back for half of our fare. However, my rating still stands.
1	Never use!! Complete waste of time.
5	We took the Mini Hoover Dam Tour and absolutely loved it.  We paid $60/person which included picking us up and dropping us off at our hotel.  This tour started at 8:30am SHARP, so if you want to get picked up from your hotel, make sure you call the day before if possible, as they start picking people up from hotels around 7:30am.Our bus driver/tour guide on the road was Tom--fabulous.  Witty, knowledgeable and friendly.  He shared interesting insights about Southern Nevada culture, industry, wildlife and even touched on colorful aspects of local politics.  He made the long drive from the city out to Hoover Dam bearable.
1	05/16/2010I paid for a round-trip voucher as part of a package deal to Las Vegas. I called the day before our departure to find out how to meet our transportation. The woman who answered was incredibly rude and short with me on the phone...she said that I would not need to call until 24 hours before I was leaving Las Vegas. There would be someone at the airport to help me. We did find the Gray Line Tours Ticket office immediately and we were put on the Shuttle Bus right away. We had a fantastic driver. However we were staying at the Encore on the strip and we were the last drop off which took one-way over 1 hour. 24 hours before we leave we call and schedule our return pick-up. We were told to be outside at 1:30pm. So, at 1:25pm we went out to wait. At 1:45pm, there was still no shuttle...so I called. Another women answered and explained that the drivers were given a 15 min. window. I said fine...however let us know how much longer. I was on hold for over 5 mins. She came back and said the driver is on his way however he is caught in traffic. I asked her if I could have an ETA and here is exactly what she said, "Ma'am the driver is caught in traffic I cannot predict the traffic, he will be there shortly." Unbelievably rude...so I said..."look you told us to be here at 1:30pm, we were here when scheduled, we are trying to catch our flight. I just want to know how much longer we need to stand here." She said, "Have a nice day, Ma'am". So, at 2:15pm when there is still no shuttle we call Travelocity who we booked through. They were unable to get anyone on the phone. So, we call Gray Line back and the woman says,"why did you wait so long to call...the driver has already come by!" We said impossible we have been standing here for an HOUR! They did eventually pick us up! They are worthless and I would rate them ZERO Stars if not for the 1st nice driver. I would not spend another dime on them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Terrible customer service.I purchased a roundtrip ticket for $12 so I wouldn't have to worry about getting back to the airport. I got to my hotel (The Venetian) no problem but the driver was so rude. OK. Whatever. But what really made them deserve the 1 star is the fact that they are totally not about the customer.About 4 hours before my departure time I call the number provided to have me picked up. They then ask me what time my departure is and I say 8:18pm and the lady responds by saying "and you're just now calling?" I say yeah its a little over 3 hours before my flight which my receipt SUGGESTS a customer to do. She then insists that I'm wrong and that the receipt says to call 24 hours in advance. I'm holding the receipt in my hand and it says no such thing (I'm keeping my receipt for reference). So I try and explain that to her and she is rude as heck and so I just said the hell with it, thank you for nothing, I'll catch a cab.May have been easily resolved by just being more polite instead of rude and unhelpful.
1	Worst ever. Don't use this airport shuttle service to the main strip hotels. Especially if they tell u to stand in line #2.Never again. Taking a cab is easier and worth saving you from pre-Vegas-fun stress.
1	NEVER AGAIN....My husband and I have used Gray Line as a package deal with our Allegiant airline ticket several times now. Each time, we ended up stuck somewhere wondering how we were going to get from A to B. This time was the last straw. Our flight was at 2:00pm, so we called 24 hours in advance and they told us to wait at the shuttle station at 11:30. Well, we wait and NOTHING. Mind you, it is cold, windy and a little sprinkly (but mostly horrible winds). We see plenty of Gray Line shuttles doing drop-offs, but no one comes to pick us up. Not to mention, we saw a TON of Showtime, CLS and Bell shuttles - making mental notes to use them next time. Approximately 11:55, I finally called Gray Line and, after 3 times of calling and being put on hold for what seemed like an eternity, I finally get an answer from someone named Gloria at about 12:15. She claims that a driver already came. He did not! So then Gloria says that we can either wait for the 12:30 shuttle, which would get to the airport at 1pm but they couldn't guarantee we would get on our flight by 2pm --- or, we could just take a cab to be safe. Really? How about we could've caught a cab from the get-go and not wasted our time with your company????Needless to say, Gloria was not sympathetic, not helpful and really could care less about our situation. She said there was no way for them to reimburse us for the cab, but that we could mail a complaint to their refund office and receive a refund within 30 days. I asked for a supervisor, and Gloria said "there's no supervisor here right now." Wow.... By now, it's 12:24pm. We ended up catching the 12:30 shuttle and running for our life to finally get to our gate in time for the 1:30 boarding. We were hungry, tired and officially done with Gray Line shuttle services once and for all. Looking through all of these reviews, I see that the old "The driver already came" line is used often. What a shame! Gray Line has horrible customer service and just plain horrible service, period.
1	Not impressed.  I would not recommend using this shuttle for any reason. There is no comprehension of what it means to be on time.
1	Waited 45+ minutes for my ride to the hotel.......lady at the booth was very short and borderline rude.... would give zero stars if I could.
1	Normally I wouldn't post but the service provided in this case easily warranted. We have now stood and waited for more than a half hour for the shuttle to the Excalibur without and signs of a shuttle arriving to pick us up. Several shuttles came for the other stops in the mean time. The service encountered at the hotel booth was horrible as we were ignored for an extended time before being acknowledged. Do your best to avoid this shuttle company at all costs.
1	Extremely rude employees (namely Marie) And super slow service. Take a cab or sedan service - you'll be so much better off
1	We took the mini Hoover dam tour. The tour was good but it wasn't necessary to take us off of the bus we were picked up on, corral us into a sales presentation to upgrade when we had prepaid, and them load us into a new bus. Wasted 45 minutes.  On the return trip the drop off was horrible!!!! And they didn't drop us back at Ceasers Palace but drove around for an hour then dropped us off at ballys in the rain!!!! We were told we would be back by 1:15. We got back at 3:00.
1	It's a bus company!
1	Grand Canyon South Rim Bus Tour - Operated by Gray LineThe list of cons:1) The hotel pick up - it was 30 minutes late. The bus was supposed to pick us up at 6:15 am, instead they came in at 6:45 am while we waited outside in the cold in temperatures of 29F2) The check-in process - we traveled during Rodeo week. This is a week when tourism to the canyons is at the lowest. But the check in process took forever. We were just made to sit inside the pick-up bus waiting for someone inside to call for us and let us in.3) Overbooking - they had overbooked and when every one turned up for the south rim tour they gave out freebies to a a few of the tourists and pushed them to the west rim tour even then there was no place for us.4) The people - extremely rude and unfriendly. My sister and I were the last to get on the bus and they did not have adjacent seats. They were very rude to us and asked us to sit in the last two single seats that were available. I mean come on! Really? It wasn't a short journey, 5 hours each way. It was actually the someone in the trip who was kind enough to give us his seat and move away from his family so that we could sit together.5) The bus - We traveled in December and the bus did not even have a hook for coats or scarves or a holder for cups. Again, this was a long journey how can you not have the basic features in the shuttle?The one good factor was the driver. I think his name was Ron. He tried quite hard to be gracious.I did tip him but would definitely never use this service again. They almost ruined the experience for us.
5	took this bus to grand canyon south rim. My family enjoyed the trip. the driver guide was awesome.  I think he's name is Berry. He was very knowledgeable and had good driving skills. hotel pick up at 6am, and then drop off us at check-in center. moved on to south rim bus. lunch was delicious, i had asian rice with beef, i loved it.south rim was far away, we spent most of our time in the bus. back to hotel around 11pm. next time i will go to west rim, shorter distance and skybridge is there too.
4	We took the mini Hoover dam tour, and it was excellent. My only complaints were the pick-up process: our hotel was picked up first so we rode around for quite awhile picking up other passengers. And then, we went to their facility where they unload you off the bus, listen to a sales pitch which tries to get you to upgrade to a pricier package, get tickets, and load you back on the bus. It's a waste of time, there's no reason the driver can't give you the tickets as you board.However! That said, I would definitely do this tour again. The bus was very comfortable, with reclining seats and a bathroom on-board. Our driver was friendly and informative, and he even worked in a trip to the famous Las Vegas sign for photo ops! This was great, as we were in a hotel on the Strip and definitely would not have made it out to the sign during our stay. He also took us to a really beautiful Lake Mead overlook on the way back for even more photos. These bonus side-trips were thoughtful and much appreciated.We didn't have as much time as I would have liked at the Hoover Dam itself, but we were there on a holiday and there were lots of visitors so we spent a lot of time in line waiting for the tour to begin. The Hoover Dam employees kept saying it's never this busy, so this wasn't something we could have predicted. We saw the movie, went on a short tour, and then had about 20 minutes to walk around, take pictures, etc. If you want more time on-site I would suggest going on longer tour.So above I mentioned a sales pitch to get you to upgrade to a pricier package. By pricier, I mean like $95 more each person for a helicopter tour of the Dam. This sounded amazing but not something I had the cash for, so I stuck with the standard tour. But my incredibly generous aunt and uncle decided to pay for our entire family to go on the helicopter tour! This was decided once we had re-boarded the bus and were on our way to the Dam. My aunt called the office and asked if it was too late to add some extra upgrades. The Gray Lines people had to scramble a bit to contact the (separate company) helicopter people, but they got it all worked out for us over the phone. Great customer service. The bus dropped us off at the airport where we went on an incredible helicopter tour, then we caught a ride back to our hotel. Great day, by far my favorite experience in Vegas.
4	We had a pretty smooth pick up. The driver seemed a bit flustered when he picked us up and even for about 25 minutes he seemed a little on edge but as the day passed he became really funny and at ease. We had to pick up a few other people at hotels and we were the first to be picked up ...so we had to sit on the bus a little while then they take you to their office and load you and another bus that was picking up people together. We took the Hoover Dam afternoon express tour. By 1:30pm (pickup at 11am) we were at the Hoover Dam and it was great. I would recommend NOT doing the express, we missed a lot of stuff but for our time frame it worked well. I saw enough to appreciate it. The driver also "rewarded" us for all being back on time with a quick stop at Lake Mead lookout and it was a great view. We were dropped off right by our hotel at the Mob Museum which was nice of the driver so that we didn't have to walk there! I would do it again.
2	This is going to be a long one . . .I used Grayline twice during my Vegas Vacation.  First, as transportation to and from the airport. . .tip. . DO NOT BOOK ONLINE AHEAD OF TIME.  Just get your tickets at the airport---I was charged $2 extra because I pre-booked (price online $16 price at airport $14).  The shuttle to the hotel was very hot, sweat stains were visible on every seat--very appealing. . .  The return trip was better, but was cooler and they were prompt for pick up.  The second time I used Gray Line was for the "Deluxe" tour of the Hoover Dam. . . there is NOTHING deluxe about this tour.  The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of one is that Tony was my driver and he was awesome!  He made the day fun.  Gray Line uses the same shuttle to pick up at every strip hotel (over 50 people, this alone took over an hour).  Then, you are shuffled off of your bus and in to a building about 10 minutes away from the strip.  Here you wait in a line to hear a short presentation.  . . .then you wait inline to check in. . .then you wait in line to board the same bus you came to the building you just exited 30 minutes ago.   You are encouraged to stock up on snacks, water and junk in their gift shop at this spot because their prices are "much better" than the Dam.  Hey, I already bought my ticket, just give me my tour---stop trying to sell me junk.  I was traveling alone so I sat in the first seat on the bus.  I could see the "check engine" light was lit.  I asked the driver if the bus was safe and he assured me all was well.  After pulling on to the highway, the driver had to pull over, turn the bus off and turn it on again (It appeared to be getting stuck in gear).  3 times we stopped to restart the bus, on the highway, I felt like we were destine to be hit by oncoming traffic.  Each time, our driver called Gray Line and reported the troubles but nothing was done.  About 10 minutes from Boulder City, our bus just stopped working.  Stopped, stranded in the middle of the dessert--in a dangerous part of town.  The driver said that we would have a new bus in 20 minutes.  After and hour of sitting and waiting for our bus, I called Gray Line directly to ask what was going on.  They informed me that they would have a bus there in about 30 minutes but could not guarantee the time.  They were extremely rude and unhelpful on the phone--shuffled me around to 3 different people.  They just kept telling me things happen (you are in the tour guide business, you should have a plan for things like this...especially if you knew the bus was in trouble before we left---i'm no expert but "Check Engine" in usually and important problem). After approximately 90 minutes, sitting in the middle of the hot desert (temp was 103 degrees) another bus arrived. This bus looked to be about 20 years older--there was duck tape on multiple places on the roof, it looked like it was falling apart).  After this fiasco, I was hot, tired, and stressed.  It was difficult to enjoy any aspect of the tour from this point on.-I was picked up from my hotel at 9am. . .I arrived at the Hoover Dam around 12:30.  3 and 1/2 hours . . .on a bus to go a few miles. . .  interestingThe driver was informative along the way and very funny.  I really enjoyed spending the afternoon with Tony (our guide/driver).  He remained, calm, friendly and helpful even through our break down.  I heard him pleading with Gray Line to help.   After that, the tour was enjoyable. I can't really speak to the Hoover Dam tour here because tour guides at the Dam took over, not a Gray Line employee.After the Dam, you are taking to a "deluxe" buffet lunch in Henderson. . .the price tag advertised for this "deluxe" lunch was $7.00 in a low budget hotel.  The lunch consisted of hamburgers, hot dogs, tacos and other fast foodish items. Most items reminded me of TV Dinners.My advice to Gray Line:  -Run multiple shuttles for strip pick up.-Cut out the pointless check in stop. . .just pick us up and head to the Dam. . .I know you want to try to sell us your snacks, water and tacky souvenirs but please, spar us.  -Update your busses.  Do not let busses go out that are unsafe.  We knew the bus was broken before we boarded. Breaking down was inevitable, unsafe and irresponsible on your part.  We were in a bad part of town, we were lucky nothing happened--a bunch of stranded, unarmed (no weapons allowed at the Dam) tourist is a great target for criminals.-Take us to a better lunch or don't take us at all.  The $7 buffet was an insult.  -Offer some type of compensation when errors on your end occur.  I asked for some type of compensation for my troubles and horrible experience and was basically told to eat dirt.  -Work on your customer service skills.  Everyone I spoke with (excluding the awesome driver) was rude and unhelpful.  I hope you pay your drivers well, they are the best thing you have going for yo
3	GRAY LINE GRAND CANYON SOUTH RIM TOURThe tour itself is a good tour and an excellent value for the money. It is a cheap tour to the grand canyon from las vegas. You will get to see both mather point and bright angel lodge and see the IMAX movie. I will list out the pros and cons. My main bit of advise is DON"T book a late show thinking that you will make it back before 10PM that day. It's just not a good idea and too many things can happen where you won't make the show. Remember it's a bus and  up to 55 people have to get on an off and that really isn't the tour company's vault. I would personally recommend bringing a backpack and have all your beverages, water, snacks and whatever else you need with you before you get on the bus. It's cheaper and you won't have to wait in line. Time is very important on this tour. PROS:Very affordable tour with pickups from most hotels in las vegas.The IMAX movie was very good and relaxingThe viewpoints are great and the hoover dam isn't bad either.CONS:It's a bus tour and will take quite a bit of energy out of you. Very long tour (6AM - 10PM) and could've been longer depending on the groupThe bus may be a little late (My pickup was 30 minutes late) but I finished the tourThe transfer point from the hotels to actually get on the bus going to the south rim was somewhat uncomfortable. Expect to wait 30+ minutes from drop off to getting on the actual tour bus.Well that's about it. I've done the pink jeep tour to the south rim and that is a better tour but double or triple the price. It was a decent tour just very long and....it's a bus tour. What else needs to be said really.
5	There is ALWAYS a silver lining.I just want to say first that though Amy P.'s experience wasn't the best, you can always make lemons out if lemonade. My bus yesterday had it worse off but ultimately had the best experience of everyone who had taken their buses earlier than me.We arrived around 7:30am at the Info Center and the men who instructed us where to go did it in such a nice, humorous and very detailed manner that you couldn't get lost unless you didn't pay attention. After grabbing our wristbands and buying some water we headed out to our bus which acts on a first come, first serve basis. My mom and I had decided to take the tour to Grand Canyon's South Rim and were actually the first bus to go. Everything was smooth sailing from our narrator to Hoover Dam to even our stop at Mickey D's. Everything was so pleasant until 2.5 hours into the bus ride.Lemme tell you now that I have always had bad luck follow me, on this particular day it was supposed to rain for a start. Our bus' computer broke down and had to be re-started; a process which took a little less than an hour yet yielded no results. One backup bus was called which later had to be moved back on it's course so the company sent another bus. The bus was going to arrive in an hour. By the time it arrived we had sat in the bus for 2.5 hours.Everyone in the bus could have been irate and complained bitterly, but we didn't. The reason? Ryan, our amazing, superb and wonderful bus driver. Our bus driver was so calm, so collected that the mood of everyone in the bus was of great patience. He made our terrible predicament into an enjoyable time. After we switched buses, our hero, Ryan, told us that we were going to make lemons our of lemonade. He didn't lie about that. Sure, some people were not able to make their tours, but the pink jeep and the helicopter tours cancelled all their torus all day due to the bad weather. People who had booked these tours were actually okay with that. Everyone realized that it was the bus that broke down, not the fault of a single man and the company had been punctual to dispatch another bus for us.We got to the Grand Canyon and before we reached the first viewpoint he told the bus that since we are the last bus arriving, we get 100% visibility. Apparently the buses before who arrived on time got 0% visibility due to the rain. We got there, it was 70 degrees, sunny and the clouds were clearing over a MAJESTIC scene. It was SO WORTH IT. Everything which had led up to seeing the Grand Canyon- the commentary, the scenery, the bus breaking down; it made finally seeing the Grand Canyon the most worth it sight. We were able to see the Grand Canyon at sunset, the most beautiful time of the day and yes, you can't beat seeing it for yourself. Our ride back consisted of a 4-5 hour journey where pretty much everyone slept aside from the movie time. The only part I didn't like was our replacement driver, Mike who gave Ryan a break half way so he could go home. He should; it was already 12:08am and we arrived at our hotel around 1:30am. Mike was alright, but lacked the humor and patience that Ryan had. (This is probably why he drove the night bus since we're all sleeping.) It was a crazy day. Like they say, life is about the journey, not the destination.
5	I think this was well worth the money. They picked you up at a location close to your hotel. Drove you to the terminal to check in. Offered upgrades and other tours. We captilized on the Big bus tour. Umcle Russell was our tour guide and he took care of us. Super friendly, funny, took us to the best spots and gave us all sorts of tips and fun facts. Enjoy the west rim of the geand canyon. Get the skywalk upgrade! Eat your lunch ant guano point. Enjoy the views and take lots of pictures.
4	Bus ride = Long and grueling. On the way up, you will stop a couple times which nicely breaks up the 4 hour (one-way) trip. Hover dam, Mcdonalds, and national geographic cafeteria / visitors center. Be cautioned, you will get Mcdonalds on the way up, Pizza hut on the way up, and Mcdonalds on the way back. Bring healthy snacks for the bus ride, and 2 bottles of water minimum. Our bus driver, Felix, was a smooth talking manager, knowledgable, and fun to ride with.Grand Canyon itself = awesome. You will have around 2.5 hours total there. 1 hour at Vista point 1, 1 hour at Vista point 2. Our bus driver recommended that we take the 2.5 mile walk between the two vista points, which was beautiful.HOWEVERBe cautioned on this walk. Its easy to loose track of time, and you tend to feel rushed since you have 2 hours to walk 2.5 miles. You have to walk at a brisk pace, stop to take photos, while the sun is setting and you are questioning how long you have and where you need to stop. Take a note of the final resting place, and DO NOT panic if your bus driver is a bit late. I would visually tag 2-3 small groups of people on your same bus and try to spot them on the walk to keep yourself sane.Honestly, as nice as the walk was, I would just stop at the 2 points. You can walk for 20-40 minutes at each point, then enjoy the visitor centers they have, without having the rush or pressure.You leave at 6 am and get back around 9 to 10pm. The bus ride back is what will kill you. But they show two movies which is nice. Stop at Mcdonalds, (again, yuck), and it takes like 5 hours to get back.Overall.... I am really at odds. The Grand Canyon was spectacular, but it really is a long long long excursion. We knew this coming in, but it drains you. I don't just recommend, I almost say its a requirement to show up well-rested and not hungover, at all.
1	We purchased the trip from Las Vegas to the West Rim in advance through Viator (note: in addition to what you pay online in advance, there is an additional $20/person fee that you pay when you check in with the tour operator). We had purchased both extras: the helicopter + boat ride, and the SkyWalk. Early pickup, and long line to check in with Gray Line. On the drive out, the driver kept repeating how we would have exactly 4 hours to do everything, and it would be rushed, and we should not be late. We assumed that since they sold us these activities, there would be time for it all, as long as we moved quickly. We followed the instructions to the letter and raced from one activity to the next. First there was a looong line for the helicopter + boat ride. Computer glitch. But finally we were on our way, and that part was awesome. Then we took the shuttle bus to the SkyWalk, and the disaster started. First, there was a very, very long and disorganized line (with some people cutting). They told us the hold up was due to an insufficient number of lockers (as no packs or cameras are allowed). That turned out not to be true. The long line was due to a big crowd combined to many staff members taking lunch break at the same time. After about an hour in a first line, they let us through to a waiting area with the lockers. From there, more lining up: they would call people by numbers. Except, we had not been given a number. There was a lot of confusion and many groups went ahead of us. After about 30 minutes, we realized there was a problem. The staff in charge had gone to lunch and a bunch of people had been let into this area without number. There were about 50-100 people in our situation. It was very chaotic. We asked to be given a number, and they said no -- had to wait for a supervisor. With a lot of begging and waiting, finally a supervisor arrived, but he was completely unhelpful. The easy solution would have been to let the people without a number go through. Rather then apologizing and believing 50 people in front of him, he said he would give us a number that would get us to the Skywalk after about another 20 minutes ("to make sure we did not get ahead of anyone else"!), or we could get a refund. Many, like us, opted for refund, but when we went to the cashier, they refused to reimburse us because, although we had our tickets, we did not have the receipt for them (since we were given the tickets by Gray Line). It was infuriating! In the meanwhile we were hungry (no time to eat), our daughter was crying from hunger and everyone's frustration, and it was past time to be back at the bus for the ride home. We rushed back to the bus (after waiting for the shuttle) and asked the driver to wait while we would at least grab some food with the lunch coupons (which were part of the package) to eat on the ride back. But when we went into the store to grab our lunches, they had closed the register! Not only they would not take our coupons, but they would not even sell us food, unless a manager signed our coupons to approve the exception. We had to run to another building, find the manager, who finally signed the coupons and helped us get our food. We were late to the bus, the driver scolded us, and all passengers were upset thinking it was our fault that we were late. It was humiliating. In summary: Skywalk is severely mismanaged, but Gray Line oversells activities without allowing enough time to enjoy them. Four hours should be enough without huge lines, but it is absolutely not enough when one spends 3 of those hours in lines due to crowds, glitches, silly rules, and mismanagement. Gray Line knows this very well, and still they push to sell those activities.Result: A beautiful day with the family at the Grand Canyon turned into a nightmare.
1	This tour was a miserable experience.They picked us up at our hotel in Las Vegas at 6 a.m.We stopped at their business center to sign in and change busses.We stopped at hoover dam.  The bus was broken down so we had to wait for a replacement.We stopped twice more at tourist trap places on the way because you aren't allowed to go #2 in the bathroom at the bus.We stopped at the airport to let people off who were taking helicopter tours.We stopped at the National Geographicsvisitors center/tourist trap to eat, for an entire hour.At every stop we had stragglers returning to the bus.  All time wasted by stragglers and bus breakdowns is taken from your time on the canyon.We didn't actually see the canyon until 4:00.  10 hours and 6 stops before we finally saw the canyon.  We were allowed a total of 90 minutes at two stops to see the canon.  We were told we would have 3 hours when we booked this.We made two stops on the way back to LV, one at Hoover Dam to switch drivers and another at a mcdonalds.  Back in LV at around 10:30, then the driver was taking the most complicated route possible to drop people off at their hotels.  She was encouraging people to get off the bus blocks from their hotels so she wouldn't have to drive the bus there.  We were at some hotel on the wrong end of LV when we finally got frustrated enough to just get off and take a taxi to our hotel.Never again will I take a bus tour.The Grand Canyon is truly breathtaking. If you are in Las Vegas and want to see it, RENT A CAR!
