4	I was in Vegas a few days before the 4th and staying at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. After an afternoon by the pool, I decided to get a quick shopping trip in before dinner. I wandered down to the Miracle Mile shops and into the BCBG store. The store is very clean and well laid out....party dresses to the left and other clothes/shoes/handbags to the right. I did find there was a lot of wasted space in the store and it didn't have as much merchandise as I have seen at other stores I have been in.If you shop at BCBG, then you know the stores are good at having awesome sales. The Miracle Mile store is no different...most items were marked down anywhere from 30-70% off. The summer dresses and party dresses were an additional 15% off the markdown price...sweet! The party dress selection was extensive, but finding my size was impossible. I did find a cute navy blue summer dress that ended up being 65% off, which made it an easier sell to my husband when I got back up to the room with my purchases. The customer service was extremely lacking...after I finally was able to get someone to open a door to a dressing room, no one came to check on me or see if I needed a different size, which I did. I literally walked in the first dress to get a smaller size myself. Finally when I needed a smaller size again, a customer service rep helped me out and then rang up my purchase. She was very sweet and gave me lots of compliments. It was the worst service I have ever gotten at a BCBG store.This is really a 3.5 star BCBG store, but since I walked away with a cute find at a really reasonable price, I'll bump it up to 4 stars. Not a bad store to pop in if you are looking for a cute dress to wear to a club that evening, but not the best I have been to.
5	Stopped by BCBG over the weekend.  Unfortunately, the rest of LA was in Vegas avoiding carmageddon causing Vegas' own version of it.  But I digress...My cousin's fiancee saw a dress one evening but wanted to think about it since it wasn't on sale.  The next evening while our bellies were filled with food we bolted over to get there in time for her to pick it up.  We walked in about 2 minutes before they closed and they were uber friendly.  That's the mark of a good staff.  They weren't irritated that she wanted to try it one more time.  They were patient with our party.   While waiting, I noticed a tote on sale and ended up buying that.  It was on sale so it was a "final sale".  But when I got back to the hotel, I noticed that there was pen mark on it.  So I called the store the next day and they swapped it out for me since it was deemed defective.  This store has outstanding customer service and I would gladly shop there any time.
