3	This place is in the heart of Montreal's Little Italy. Menu on a chalk board was quaint, but hard to follow. I felt pressure to decide when the waiter visited my table to explain the menu. Since I was dining alone, the drink selection was limited. (Maybe if I ordered a bottle of something, but I only wanted a glass.) I began the meal with a complimentary Bruchetta on Crusted Bread. The tomato and olive oil was so fresh. I then ordered the Arugula Salad with Shaved Parmesan and a Balsamic Vinegar Reduction. Yum! Ate every bit. Then I ordered the Farfalle Pasta with Lamb Ragu. The portion was huge. Couldn't finish. It tasted very nice -- not out of this world, but still quite good. Only down side, the price. Meal for one with salad, drink and tip was over $50. For that price, I expected more. Probably won't return.
2	*The Chalkboard Restaurant*This was a horrible experience for an Italian restaurant. You get your menu from a chalk board on the wall, It's hard to read especially when its above your head. If that day they don't have something you like, well guess what you go hungry and go to McDonald's a few steps away.They have the bistro concept, everything is "small". Small restaurant, small menu, small portions.
5	One of the best risotto's I've had.
5	Everything on the menu is great. Terrific value for lunch with soup/salad, entree and tiramisu for ~$25+tx. One of Montreal's hidden gems. Everything here is good. Definitely worth trying!
5	I'm a born and raised Asian from Asia who's trying to integrate into Canadian culture. I only started eating Italian food when I moved to montreal. Gotta say this is my fav Italian resto. My boyfriend is half Italian and he totally agrees with me. Best risotto I've had in my life. We go there for his and my birthdays or any other special occasions because it's not a place we. An afford every weekend. Lol maybe that's for the better after all
2	Lucca is a small vibrant resto located in the heart of Little Italy so you'd expect them to nail it. As soon as you arrive they start you off with a complimentary order of bruchetta which is excellent and a very nice touch. For appetizers we ordered the Buffalo Mozzarella, made with beautiful fresh ingredients, it was amazing. I suggest that you ask them to add a bit of balsamic to the dish, a reliable source tells me that the previous chef use to serve it this way. We also ordered the calamari, which was very disappointing. I love calamari and I didn't even finish the plate. Wow, I can't believe that there was calamari in front of me and I didn't eat it! It was very chewy and not enjoyable, it tasted like something you'd pickup at the food court. For our main course my wife had the filet mignon and I had the lobster pasta. The filet was uninspiring and a bit salty and the lobster pasta evening more disappointing. The pasta was served with a lobster bisque for the sauce, a well done lobster bisque is one of my favorite things. Unfortunately this was very bland and uninteresting. The pieces of lobster in the pasta were few and far between. For dessert I had the chocolate lava cake.Chocolate cake is one of my favorite things on earth. Again this dish lacked flavour and any sort of punch or excitement. Overall I must say the meal was very uninspiring and with so many other great options available I will not be back to Lucca any time soon.
