4	I fished here with my nephew of seventeen one Saturday and the lake is so serene and peaceful that we both spent quality time together without really speaking a word.  Just enjoying the sounds of nature brought us both to a level of peace.  We started to fish over a dock near the sidewalk where people run and walk, alone and with family.  Later we moved to the opposite side of the lake where there was less traffic, and this is where we got our first bites.  I enjoyed being away from the hustle and bustle of the city for a few good hours and teaching my nephew the gift of patience.  I love the fast paced lifestyle, but I will come back to Reedy Creek when my mind needs to slow down and catch up with the rest of myself.
4	We walked the Sierra Loop with our two dogs & while it was dicey getting to the trail at first (no signs to begin with) once we found the trail everything was well marked.  It's one of the better trails in the area in terms of being well marked & being somewhat challenging.
4	We were looking for something fun to do together as a small group when we discovered that Reedy Creek Park in the University Area had Disc (Frisbee) Golf.  We bought a couple of cheap frisbees from Target and made our way to the park one afternoon.  The course is an 18-hole course where you try to toss your frisbee into a chain "hole" sticking up above the ground.  It turned out to be much more challenging than we were expecting.  For one, the course is not level.  It's over the river and through the woods (with no Grandmother's house in sight).  You're not only playing frisbee golf, you're hiking!  The course was up and down hills and each hole was quite the distance.  It turned out to be a lot of fun, but we definitely got a workout that we weren't expecting.  Next time, though, we'll splurge a little more with the frisbees.  Cheap ones don't work very well for disc golf; you need distance.
4	This is one of the more challenging hiking parks in Charlotte, and I love it! My dog enjoys sweating it out a bit, and I enjoy her quite a bit more when she's had some exercise. We find ourselves here a lot.I agree with Eric K. that the frisbee golf course is a surprisingly physical activity. You hike along and get a real workout while trying to get through the course, and some of the holes are pretty intense. It's a great alternative to hiking for those of you who get bored just being out and about in nature for its own sake...some of us don't do the hippy thing so well.The dog park at Reedy Creek is huge, also, which is another real advantage. It's goes back into the woods, so the doggers get the chance to run and feel a little independent to mom and dad. My doggy is a dork, so she pretty much stands right next to me and looks at me when we try to go, but if your dog is less of a loser, it might be a fun option.
4	I loved Reedy Creek when I lived in Charlotte and would make frequent trips to take my four legged pal there.  The dog park is a large space.  it used to be membership only which made it awesome because the real dog lovers would pay the nominal fee for a pass.  I believe it is now open to the public which makes it a lot more of a quesiton mark but still enjoyable.The hiking trails are great and there is terrain for everyone.  I took my now fiance on our first date there.
5	What an outstanding place this is.  It's a great park to spend a few hours outside decompressing after work or just to kick back.  The lakes have a good supply of bass, and fishing from shore yield good results.  Tons of turtles, too, so it's a great place to bring your kid for some wildlife spotting.Also, since seeing all the people playing frisbee golf, I'm inclined to give it a try.Just another green surprise in Charlotte.
5	It is a very good park...quiet and peaceful A+
4	Nice park. dog park, hiking trails, disc golf course, dirty pond, ect.....  Don't walk on the disc golf course unless you are playing, damn things hurt.
5	One of the best parks in all of Charlotte, Great trails for running and a disc golf course that stays well maintained.
4	Fun course, a little tricky at times
5	When I say I'm going to the park, this is the park to which I am going.  It's a beautiful, amply forested piece of land, with a large dog park and some interesting and challenging trails.  My usual routine involves taking my fuzzy four-legged companion around the long Sierra Loop trail. I enjoy the scenery and peace; he enjoys the smells and squirrels.  We then end the afternoon at the dog park where he burns off the remainder of his energy and socializes with other canines.  The dog area is equipped with a watering station and a hosing-down station.The lakes are good fishing, if you're into that sort of thing.  The nature center is charming and has a classroom for kid-oriented educational activities.  There's also a gift shop, so buy a tee shirt and support the facility!  A final point of interest is the farmhouse ruins off the main trail... if you can manage to sneak out there with no one else around, it's quite tranquil.Reedy Creek Park is one of Charlotte's treasures!
4	Here into my second week living in Charlotte I'm glad I made it out to Reedy Creek Park albeit on a chilly otherwise bleak winter day.  The park is quite large and seems to have a decent mixture of nature trails and athletic related areas.  We went straight to the Nature Center and looked at the interesting displays.  Was welcomed by the people at the counter which was a positive sign -- hard to believe some people with jobs like this could have a sour attitude.  The trails are interesting and well laid out, however even with a map and following the obvious lay of the land and lots of outdoor experience I still couldn't make out part of the trail to loop around the lake.  Bikes are prohibited in most areas it appears, which on a busy day I guess makes a lot of sense, although on an empty day like today it seems like a bike would have been a lot of fun.  As a nature preserve this seems to a pretty good park.  If you wanted to come in and out of here via non-motorized transport it would be far from ideal however.  Glad Charlotte has some decent green space.
4	Great park by our house in the university area. Long hikes lake views. Friendly people, huge dog park.  It has everything. You will not be disappointed.
5	After a week of pretty poor weather, we finally got a good day -- and a Saturday too!  Did some disc golfing today and despite it being busy (indicator of its success) it was a lot of fun.  The stands of pine tress makes for a pretty nice course with scenery you don't often see in the East.  Didn't have time to finish the whole course, but look forward to going back again as soon as possible.
5	As far as Parks goes in the North Meck/North Charlotte area, I was impressed today. Love having so much availability to the water and surrounding areas for open spaces to relax. The whole area was in such great shape and well taken care of by the grounds staff. Families flying kites and playing serious volleyball. A few runners and cameras were out today. Enjoyed the design aspect of creating spaces of entertainment and activities within the wooded areas. Trails well maintained and wide enough for people to pass.
5	love love love this park! very happy i discovered it. i want to say its the biggest park in Charlotte. They have plenty of fields, basketball areas, trails, picnic areas, and a nice playground. Ideal for exercising, taking the kids and or dog out. nice family area.
4	Who knew that there was a 700 acre park in the Charlotte city limits?  I've been to Reedy Creek Park for the third time in 2 months and its quickly becoming my nature getaway in the city. According to the Parks & Rec website, there are over 10 miles of walking trails.  Most of which is under a lush green canopy of trees.  Gorgeous!While bikes are allowed, there are ominous signs preventing bikes from most smaller trails.  Given the size of the park, it might be wise to bike to destinations (like the 2 ponds, volleyball courts, and picnic shelters) and park your ride.  Many of the trails are poorly marked, so I ended taking a three hour tour of the park.  It might be helpful to get a map before you get started.  Other than that, I wish you "Happy Trails"!
4	The wife & I took our dog Houston to the dog park at Reedy Creek the other day. This place is awesome!! Officially called, Barkingham Dog Park at Reedy Creek, it's an off leash, fenced 4 acre park for the 4 legged friends. It has a small fenced area for the little dogs too. There are some benches and a few picnic tables for the adults to sit on while the dogs play. Plenty of water buckets throughout the park. The park does not allow kids under 12 inside the fenced area. Houston made plenty of friends and the owners, in my experience, were friendly too. Houston gives it 4 howling barks (he's a Siberian Husky). Definitely will be back!
4	Love coming here to play frisbee golf with friends.  Very close to the University area is a plus.  This is a great park for all ages.
5	Never realized this park and it's many amenities until the other day when the local Run For Your Life University location had a trail shoe demo here.  Keep in mind I had already run on the greenway 5 miles so I was thinking we would try the shoes, jog a couple feet and then give the shoes back... nope... it was full on group run... for another 3 miles.  Kinda brutal, but kinda fun... especially since I had never been to the park before and it was nice to see all the different trails, the playground for the kids, the basketball court, the awesome Frisbee golf course.... I'm sure I am missing something here- the park is HUGE!Definitely plan to have runs here more (especially in the summer since the trials are nice and shaded) and you don't have to stop for traffic, etc.... whoops take that back, I think the roads within the park cross some of the trails (so remember to look both ways!).
5	Whether I'm hiking, disc golfing, or taking the dogs to the park, Reedy Creek is the place to be.  There is so much to do here, it's no wonder there are always people here.  Great park and also well maintained.
4	This city park has a lot to offer, but beware of getting lost on the trails.  I took my brother out here for a hike one day while he was visiting.  We planned to hike for about an hour, which turned into almost two hours on a day that was nearly 100 degrees.  Some of the trails are not very well marked, making it a little confusing to navigate your way back.Enough about the bad stuff - here is the great stuff.  First, it's FREE.  Second, they have several miles of trails, which is amazing to me in a city park.  Three, they have plenty of nice areas to picnic.  Fourth, they do have a nature center, but I don't know what the hours are.  While it's not my favorite city park to visit, it is close and convenient to me.Next time I think I'll print off and bring a map with me.
5	Lovely park! It's a wonderful place for photography, picnic, bathroom break, and hanging out.
2	The trails are not very well marked AT ALL and wind nearby (through?) the disc golf course.  It's easy to walk right through the path where the discs could be thrown.  Good luck identifying the "walking" trails and finding your way around.
4	Equal parts trail running and disc golf for me. Though I don't make it up to this side of town often, it's a solid place for tons of activities. The disc golf course is challenging and tends to be pretty busy. Some of the baskets are pretty heavily wooded and make for careful and strategic approaches. Can't say I've played this course but maybe half a dozen times, so I don't know it super well. I tend to like the baskets that require longer drives and this course is more packed with par 3 and 4's. There are tons of other aspects I dig here too -- waterfront/boardwalk, open fields for frisbee, tons of gazeebos for picnics/cookouts, great for walking, etc. It's really pretty with plenty of parking. Gorgeous park!
4	Great park with a pretty good bit of parking. I really enjoy coming here with my dog and letting her run in the around in the dog park. They have plenty of water available for your pup and it is a huge space for them to run around in. After letting my dog run and play I enjoy walking her on some if there trails they have deeper in the park.  The trails aren't marked really great and sometimes they seem to interfere with disc folders but all in all a great park.  One of my favorite dog parks in Charlotte.
5	Took the family for a quick hike and they loves it.  didn't have to leave Charlotte to get there.
5	How active are you? This park has it all and it'll keep you busy from sun-up to sun-down! -Trails. Check.-Disc golf. Check.-Dog park. Check.-Picnic tables. Check.-Basketball court. Check.-Playground. Check.-Lake. Check.-Fishing. Check.-Nature Center. Check.If you have a pup, be a Canine Good Citizen and carry poop bags. There are so many dogs at this park, it felt like an entrance requirement.The trails are well kept and maps well placed to help you figure out where you are. If you are a biker, you won't be able to go everywhere since many trails are for hikers. Don't be disappointed, there is plenty of space to go around.
5	A wonderful park with just about every amenity you could hope for. You could bring the whole family and have something for everyone, there's a playground, dog park, basketball court, etc. I went for a hike, and there are several excellent trails with excellent views of nature. If you're in the east Charlotte/ University area, this is a great place to spend a weekend afternoon. You could lose yourself in the woods and almost forget you're actually in a city, and I mean that in the absolute best way possible!
3	I like RCP.  its convenient from my home and is the first place I ever fished in Charlotte. I wish the fishing pier were bigger and maybe some of the brush needs to be cleared for those of us who like to fish.
5	Great amenities!!! Perfect for a planned activity for the family or even a spur of the moment type thing. So convenient for me and my children love it! Could use a swing set though :)
4	This place is awesome for dog park, great for disc golf, have a huge surrounding of land to play many sports. There is also a basketball court and picnic area for families and friends to gather. I am unsure if there is a grill though. I usually go towards the back end of the park since there are many people who goes around there.
5	This is a fabulous park!  My first visit was today; we took our one year old basset hound with us.  Our first stop was the Nature Center (well-behaved dogs are allowed inside!) where I spoke with the friendly and incredibly helpful staff behind the desk.  I wanted to see the Robinson Rockhouse Ruins so the staff member gave us great detailed directions, explaining the trails and a few landmarks and even told us about some of the programs that they have there too.  (They do a lot of programming that I think I may take advantage of, especially in the Fall.)  We took Umbrella Trail to South Fork then to Robinson Rockhouse Trail to get to the Rockhouse Ruins.  Make sure you loop to the right back corner of the house (from the trail) to see the huge Osage Orange tree.  I plan to return to the park to take advantage of more trails and maybe the dog park when it isn't quite so busy (what a popular treat for our canine pals!).
5	I love Reedy Creek Park! It features my favorite Charlotte DOG PARK which is usually occupied by at least a few dogs even at weird times like 2:30pm on a Wednesday... and on weekends with nice weather the place is just full of dogs and people!Reedy Creek has great trails that make you feel like you are truly "away from it all." There are many fields for group sports. The disc golf course is mostly wooded, which I appreciate and adds that extra challenge for those with advanced skills.I don't know much about it but there is a Nature Center that seems to attract a lot of families with children of all ages...All in all this park has many amenities and is well worth the drive from the neighborhoods closer to downtown...!
4	I like parks. And I love this park in Charlotte. There are city parks and then their are city parks that almost make you forget that you are in a city over a million.Granted, it's not the Yosemite, or the Algonquin. It doesn't have Lake Norman or the coastline. But it's got two fantastic ponds you can run around, sit and tan, even fish. It has disc golf course, several trekking routes that is grest for running to get you back into shape, and a couple of basketball courts, a baseball diamond, volleyball net, a little playgound for kids, a nature preserve, a small museum, and I haven't camped out there but I'm pretty sure they have a site for that.And hey, if you get too hot having fun, there's an ice cream shop right beside the big ooen area where I usually play one man baseball. It's a great park overall. If you expect a 10 mile trekking course it's not for you but I'd say you can combine all three and get a pretty good workout and enjoy the little ponds at the same time. So if you live inside the city limita of Charlotte, kind of tired of Freedom park and similar pretty parks, go over to Reedy Creek park!
