2	The first time I went in, they were doing their grand opening, and people actually seemed to care about helping us. We went in today, looking for a mattress. The salesperson, Phil, greeted us after I approached him. He halfheartedly showed us to where the mattresses were. After we tried a couple, he wandered off, and left us to our own devices. When we got near the end of our tour, he actually said, "When you get serious about buying a mattress, come back and see me." Well, Phil, I was so serious that I bought one from two doors down from you - from the guy who actually cared what I wanted.
1	Me and my girlfriend went on a Thursday to check the place out so we went in and one of the sales people said hi and never gave us any interest in helping us. So we looked around for about 10 min and we were about to leave until one sales person came to our aid she was nice and asked us what were looking for.... A mattress so she helped us and we found a mattress that we really liked. So we bought the mattress the same day and they told us we will be getting our mattress on a Sunday between 1030am to 7pm. So Sunday comes and the movers called us we told them we can be home 2 hours before they can deliver but the mover gave an attitude and told us to call the store to reschedule. So my girlfriend called and spoke with the manager (Daniel)  and he told us that they were too busy for the whole week to deliver our mattress until Thursday. Well i didn't want to wait for another week for my mattress so i went ahead and called the manager myself and talked to him. I told him about the situation about the mover giving us attitude and that we were expecting our mattress for Sunday he apologized and told me that he will try to call the warehouse and give me a call within 15 min. Well 15 min passed and no call, so i gave him a call back and he told me that they weren't answering and that he said to give him call Monday morning. Well first of all walker furniture and Ashley furniture accommodate their customers to work with their schedule and deliver their furniture. This place sucks at customer service and delivery of their customers furniture. I hope they fix the way they do business. Never again going to shop at this place.
5	Incredible experience! The showcase is huge with a wide selection of great quality furniture at wholesale prices! The staff is very helpful and friendly. They immediately helped me find exactly what I was looking for and more! I will definitely be back to purchase more and I strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking to find good quality furniture at amazing prices!!
3	We bought a 2 piece sectional leather couch, a 4 chair dining table, and a mirror stand for $1500- They really want your business. Nice welcome. Instant attention - Angela did a nice job explaining quality furniture. - HAGGLE pricing just to get a decent deal. Put your negotiating skills to the test. - Here are a couple favorite lines: "Well, do you love it?", "What's your price range?"- Although the shopping experience was pleasant, the delivery service was not. - We purchased early July and got our furniture on July 23rd.- Furniture delivery fee each time. $65. Not like RC Willey. - On delivery day, "We will be there sometime between 11-7!" HAHA. Can I get a more narrow time frame? "We'll call you an hour before we get there" You're whole day is on standby. - The actual furniture is not the quality that was explained. With what we got, if anyone over 250lbs got on it, there will be a problem. - I had a better experience at LV Furniture Clearance. Check it out.
1	Never again.  Walked in to purchase a piece of furniture. I was advised that it would be at the store the next day.  Then I got a call saying they forgot and would be in the next day. When I arrived to pick it up I was advised that it would be another day ... so I reminded them that I was told it would be there for pick up. (I even have the voice mail to support it).  So Angela (Sales lady) mumbles "we did this as a favor to him" to another employee. She then got into an argument with me because I reminded her that it wasn't a favor to me, don't make a promise to a customer and not deliver. So I asked for a refund.  She  then smirked and mumbled to her coworker that I must have had a bad day and that we really didn't need the $216 I spent on the piece. I found that amusing because evidently she doesn't understand recurring business or a clue about customer service. I spoke with the supervisor, but I don' t think he took it seriously.   There were a few more exchanges between Angela and however I won't waste my time. Bottom line, bad experience, poor customer service, they make promises they can't keep, and anything below $300 is not worth their time. I won't be shopping there again. Fortunately furniture stores are a dime a dozen in town.
1	BUYER BEWARE,Where to begin. Sales Agents very nice to your face but that's where it ends. Waited all day for delivery.  12/26/2013Called at 4pm. Rude Woman (Carol) said your delivery time is between 11-7pm and you would get a phone call 1 hour prior to delivery.Needed to pick kids up from practice. Called at 545pm. Again Rude Woman (Carol) said we will call you one hour prior to delivery.  735pm  No delivery, No Phone call. Called My New BFF CAROL, she was very pissed that I was calling about my delivery again.  She put me hold for 5 min, then said she would call me back.  I got a call back after 8pm, Carol said that the delivery truck broke down and that she would just reschedule my delivery for tomorrow between 11-7pm. I told that I have to work, she kept giving me delivery days that I work. Carol was very pissed that I was making life hard for her. I told to just cancel my order. Carol made it very clear that I would that I would have to come in for refund.12/27/2013Went back to store, Sales agents said it would take a couple of days for refund to show up back in your account12/29/2013No refund. Called store. They said cause it Sunday, it wont post back to your account.12/30/2013No refund. Called store. They said all refunds take 30 to process and to stop calling.I'll let you know how this story ends. It may be a Happy ending, I may need a good lawyer.
1	If there was a way to give 0 stars, I would. I bought a reclining black pleather couch here. When it was delivered they said setup was $85 which we were told was included in the $65 delivery fee. I went back the next day stating that it did not feel like the floor model at all. The manager insisted it has to be broken in.The couch began to fall apart and crack after 2 months. I went back and complained yet again and was told because it was a cash deal there was nothing they could do. The manager insisted he could only give me the discount if I paid in cash... that day. I ran and got the cash and made it back right before closing. I  had a invoice from the sale proving what I paid!! Then, I was told to come back when the manager was there. I went back 2 times when I was told the manager was going to be there. I was told because that manager no longer works there that i was SOL. Finally, I stopped at another location trying to get contact information of management above this store and sure enough the "manager" who sold me the couch and was no longer there is at the other store!! He told me the couch must be in the sun. I showed him pictures of the room. No sun. It's against a wall. Also, he said well did you buy the warranty and I said I was never offered.  He looked at the invoice and said oh ya, that wouldn't be worth buying it... The couch was $800 and a warranty was $200+. The "manager" told me he couldn't do anything, but he would give me a great deal on a new couch. Haha!!!! No way!!
1	Stay away from this place!!!! I've just moved into Henderson and was in the hunt for a sectional sofa. We found one and we paid with a debt card and they said it would be in a week from that day. It took a month! I would call them and they would just give me the run around. I do not know how these people stay in business. Then when they delivered it. It was in a box? And the driver said that I had to pay him 65 for the set up fee. I said no one said anything about that! He should a copy of the invoice and some one had forged my initials on the little box on the invoice that said i did not wanted set up. I said look at mine there's no check on my box. So I called the store and they said that he would set it up for free. It took them 3 hrs to set it up and they did not have the proper tools for the set up they had to go buy parts at Home Depot. The Sofa is not comfortable at all. They buy this things in china for a fraction of the price and stick it too everyone. I gave the Sofa away and went to Macys they Guarantee if you don't like you can surely get your money back no problem.
2	Wish I would have read the reviews prior to shopping here.My roommate and I decided to buy a recliner.  They do have a wonderful selection of furniture and I feel that the prices are reasonable. However, sales people are smarmy. They were suppose to deliver our chair between 1-7pm and call an hour before showing up. Not only did they not call, they showed up at 7:15pm. Since I read the negative reviews AFTER purchasing the chair, I called that afternoon and made sure that they were not going to charge us the set up fee as many others had complained about. They seem to neglect to tell their buyers about that. When my roommate called to check the status of the delivery, they hung up on her twice. The woman who answered was rude. I then called and was lied to about where the salesman was. Needless to say, we are happy with our chair but I don't think we will do business again with a shady store like this. Unless you are picking out furniture to take with you right then and there, don't bother.
1	This place isn't even worthy of one star. I bought a rug from Furniture World and within hours it was shedding like mad. I called and talked the manager, Gary, who said he would have no problem exchanging the rug but unfortunately, there weren't anymore in the correct size that interested me.  Gary said that at the end of month, there would be a huge inventory and in the meantime, roll up the shedding one so it didn't get damaged or worn. I dutifully rolled the rug and put it in a safe storage area and waited. I called at the end of the month and was given excuses about how the rugs weren't hung yet, Call back in a week. And I did but I got the same run around. "Not hung.. Not the correct size.." Blah blah blah...I called 3 to 4 times a month for 6 months and kept getting the run around with lame excuses all the while having to listen to Gary talk about how he was an honest business man, calling me "sweetheart" (chauvinistic much?) and how he promised to "make things right by me". Of course he never did.  Finally, I took the rug to a consignment shop. $650.00 down the drain. If you like shady business practices, pushy sales people with low quality rugs and furniture overseen by a cheesy, classic Las Vegas dope of a manager then this is your place otherwise STAY AWAY!!!!
1	Horrible store horrible customer service... I talked to Angela when I was there!!!! She was really mean and didn't help at all. Everything in the store is over priced junk!!!! If you want to get ripped off go here... They rip people off everyday! I don't know how they are still in business... Don't shop here!!!!!
