4	Absolutely delicious tacos!! Being native from Mexico, I am extremely selective with Mexican Restaurants and won't eat at most. But this one happened to be down the street and I decided to check it out. It truly felt like I was back home. Be careful with the salsa they put on the tacos! On a scale from 1-10 it was an 11 in the level of spicy. If you can't handle spicy I would recommend to ask for no salsa or ask for it on the side. The green one tends to be more spicy than the red one. The only reason I don't give it a 5star was the restrooms weren't very well maintained. Other than that I'd recommend this place to anyone!
4	Great food at a great price.  I ordered three carne asada tacos that came with sides of beans and rice with a medium drink.  My grand total came out to $5.95. I've spend $2-3 more for the same meal at Filiberto's across the street.  The beans and rice were quality.  I've stated before in a review for another restaurant that the quality of the beans and rice can make all the difference.  Many places are generally the same when it comes to the main event of the meal but so many places serve lackluster beans and rice.  Tacos Mexico does not.  Everything about the meal is quality.The salsa is legit.  Very hot.  So much so that they have a sign warning people.  It's not too hot for seasoned salsa veterans but for the average, um, white person it might pack a wee bit of a wallop.  It must be authentic style salsa.  I've noticed that some places serve salsa that has a very earthy or natural taste (maybe even bitter).  I'm not sure if that's the best way to describe it but it's almost as if hot peppers were blended or pureed with nothing added.  Bottom line, this stuff is hot and fantastic.
5	The sad fact is that most yelpers will eschew this place for it's two more accessible neighbors - Filiberto's and La Santisma - and that is a damn shame, because nestled right between those two restaurants is a superior dining experience.  Tacos Mexico is the truth.  Don't go expecting fancy furniture or Day of The Dead iconography - this place isn't trying to serve you a Disneyland version of Mexico - what it will give you is an authentic taste of some damn fine Mexican tacos.  PS - their red salsa will burn a hole in your tongue.  If you treat it gingerly, however, you will be treated to a flavor bomb like no other!
