3	At Sushi Eye in Motion you'll find Arizona's first sushi belt, which moves a constant array of sushi rolls and menu selections around the sushi bar.You can pick up any dish from the moving belt, or order from the menu. So, you sit at the bar and there are 4 different plate colors that have a corresponding price. You pick your selection and dine away.They track how long each dish has been on display by using a bar code that helps the chef keep track of each item on the belt.Why three stars? I felt some of the rolls were tossed together and they were not staying together as well as custom made rolls. And they were still working out new opening glitches. The staff and the food were all excellent and I'm positive that with time, they'll get it all put together.
4	The most fun you can have in Chandler!  The sushi didn't knock my socks off, but the service was terrific and the atmosphere was unexpectedly fun.  While I dined, seated at the sushi bar with the conveyer belt suggesting my dinner, there were quite a few other guests enjoying their Saturday night at this restaurant.  One table had guests enjoying sake bombers and singing "happy birthday."  Another table featured a couple on a date.  Still another table had a couple with a young child.  There was a diverse, friendly crowd.  The staff was smiling and friendly the entire time, checking on us frequently and recommending various sushis on the belt.  We tried our share of color-coded pricey plates.  The taste was pretty good.  I had been nervous, due to the nature of food spinning 'round for extended periods.  I also had plum wine which was worth the $6.00 I paid for the glass.  I did manage to eat $19 of sushi with only five plates, but I could have eaten more efficiently if I wasn't so curious to try so many well-designed plates.  Very good, very expensive, very fun.
5	Okay, I'm the first to admit that Chandler is not known as the fine-dining Mecca of the east valley.  I'd even be the first to agree that the phrases fine dining and east valley are an oxymoron.  That being said, it is nice to see the downtown area developing into something more than a place to bag some cheap and willing day labor when your yard looks scraggly.  While I am pessimistic about the successful future of the recent influx of boutique restaurants and galleries, I do harbor a nugget of hope.When I heard about Sushi Eye in Motion I couldn't stop myself from getting a little bit excited.  I liked the sushi belt concept (not necessarily new, but definitely new to this area!).  I looked forward to the prospect of trying out a new sushi restaurant, and liked the idea of having one so close.  I tried it, have been back an embarrassing number of times, and have yet to be disappointed.  The sushi is high quality, the service is great, the sushi chefs are artistic and incredibly innovative, and the prices are reasonable.The first time I walked into Sushi Eye, I was greeted (quite enthusiastically) by *everyone* that worked there.  It was a little weird, but it made me feel very welcomed.  When I left, I received a similar enthusiastic thank you and good evening from everyone.  It made it very easy to come back.  This place consistently surpasses my tea test (iced tea glass refilled at 3/4 empty at a minimum, and never allowed to go dry).  The wait staff is attentive, the sushi chefs are friendly and skilled, and the owners are gracious & appreciative of your business.  If you visit often enough, you get your own boxed set of chopsticks to use each time you visit.The sushi belt is great if you want to dash in and out for a quick fix.  It's also nice to have a ready supply of dishes available to nibble while you wait for the other items you're ordered.  The rest of the decor is very pleasant, though typical "trendy sushi."  The space is really small, with the sushi bar wrapping around the belt, and a handful of tables around the perimeter.  There is not a lot of elbow room.  If you plan to go on a weekend night, go early, because it gets *packed*.  The music (kept at a reasonable background level) is an interesting mix of techno-pop with some regular pop thrown in periodically.  There are two plasma televisions behind the bar - one is usually tuned to a sports channel and the other displays photos of the rolls the restaurant offers.  A board between the televisions announces the specialty rolls of the day.Each of the plates that travel the belt is color-coded, with pricing keys posted around the bar.  There is a wide variety of selection (larger at night than at lunch).  Prices range from just under $2 to about $5.  The menu includes sushi, sashimi, rolls and cooked items and is very extensive for a non-chain restaurant this size.  The menu has lunch, dinner and sushi combos.  Japanese beers are offered, there is a decent sake list, and some specialty liqueurs are also available.  The wine list is pretty lame, but who goes to a sushi bar to drink wine, anyway?The names of many of the rolls at Sushi Eye are fun and creative (Atkins, Booty-Booty, Climax, and Crazy Horse, to name a few).  While many are not traditional sushi rolls, the flavor and texture combinations are often inspired.  The use of macadamia nuts is prolific, and I've never seen so many different kinds of roe.  The careful attention to detail and artful presentation completes the experience.In addition to the menu and the board of specials, the sushi chefs at Sushi Eye are happy to take requests.  Even better, if you tell them what you especially like, they'll invent something on the spot that is sure to please.  On my last visit, I had a roll with salmon, avocado, cucumber, spicy tuna, roe, unagi sauce and crazy-thin lemon slices rolled right in.  It was amazing - a party in my mouth.The only negative I can say about this place is that sometimes the sushi chefs get a bit ambitious by preparing and offering dishes that they think you will like.  While their selections are usually spot on, it sometimes feels a bit awkward.  Refusing the dish feels offensive, yet I'm expected to pay for the food, but I haven't really ordered it, and I don't know what it costs.  On the other hand, the cost is always fair, and honestly, these guys have never gone wrong with what they've offered.One of the best things is that Sushi Eye also offers freshly grated wasabi - not for the faint of heart.  It has an interesting, crispy mouth feel with a powerful punch at the end.  This is the real deal, and it is awesome.Overall, Sushi Eye in Motion is a fun place with high-quality offerings at a good value.  You can make the dining event as adventurous as you'd like, and the staff and sushi chefs are happy to help you along in the process.
3	We liked this place.  My kids thought the sushi was good, less fishy than where we had last gotten sushi w/ the kids, and my son was chowing down.  We definitey will return and it is nice to have a good sushi restaurant close to home.Service is slow, but they are very busy.  The guys rolling the sushi put out a LOT last night (Sat).  They weren't serving alcohol because the license had lapsed, so whoever was responsible for that oversight better stay on top of it in the future.
3	Pros - Fun owner who treats everyone like long lost family.  Nice decor and good rolls and sushi (ordered - i mistrust fish left out going in circles and circles)Cons - a little pricey and cooked food is not very good.I like it for what it is, a decent neighborhood place to grab a quick bite have some beers with friends.
3	Decent sushi, but there is better elsewhere for cheaper... I do think the stuff you order from the sushi chef is superior to that which idles by on the conveyor belt -- i'm not at all skeezed by it going 'round and 'round, i just think the fresh stuff they make is better than the generic stuff ambling by.  (sidenote: there is this scanner just inside the little door into the kitchen that scans the numbers on the bottom of the plates as they pass by, and gives the kitchen a warning when to pull stuff that been merry-go-rounding too long.  ah technology.)my pet peeve: the friggin' macadamia nuts... on EVERYTHING!!!  i seriously think there are two rolls on the menu without them.  i like nuts, don't get me wrong (insert snicker here), but they are way overdone here and they tend to make all the food taste... well, the same.  now, i'm a pansy when it comes to spicy, but i do enjoy spicy scallop rolls and spicy tuna.  so when the chef asks you, "you like it spicy?" - carefully gauge your reply!  EEK!  i couldn't handle it...  sashimi was great...service: super friendly.  can't find any faults there.  beware of "market price" if you value your wallet: ask first!
2	Please will someone tell me where you can get decent sushi outside of Scottsdale!?!? This place was overpriced and the sushi was very average.
1	Sorry to bust people's bubbles, but I think this place is OVERRATED!!! Bland sushi and the toro sashimi we ordered tasted like it was sitting in the freezer for months & they had just defrosted it. Hubby & I both thought it was such a waste of $. Did not like any of the sushi going around on the conveyor belt or the ones we ordered off the menu. Sad.
4	Yes, I am guilty of liking sushi eye. No it is not the sexiest, freshest, most exotic sushi and does that come with the fact we live in a land lock state and I in particular live in the 'burbs...well, a sync might think that but not me! Honestly, drop dead, outrageous, awesome sushi in Chandler would be Shimogamos. Be prepared to pay Ruth Chris prices for fabulous sushi and call it good.Want take out, happy hour sushi...that would be here grasshopper!  So, what make sushi eye a happy little spot? 3 things. First, the conveyor belt...in my opinion every house should have one. Absolutely worth the price of admission. Secondly, yes we all agree the sushi is average but it comes at an average price and finally, the folks who run the place are fantastic. Sure I could get my average california roll and saki somewhere else but i can't get the conveyor belt or people greeting me like I was a long lost friend anywhere but here!
5	Sushi eye in motion rocks!  I really liked that even the standard roles you see everywhere such as the phili roll were excellent here.  It is very novel to have the conveyer belt and their custom roles such as the hot sexy momma and the ASU roll are awesome!  It's not the best you have ever had but the prices are good and it is way better than blue wasabi!
4	went for lunch and would definitely return.  EDIT: returned twice and quality is equally good. Pros:  FRESH  salmon sashimi (fatty, big cut, and most importantly tasty), awesome service (owners are friendly and helpful).  UPDATE: Second time I ordered the Salmon Nigiri and the fish was so huge i couldn't see the rice. it was sublime. the owner also threw in a free maguro nigiri which was equally good.  Cons: agedashi tofu was so hot it burnt my tongue.  also it is a little pricey, but if you get what you pay for.  if want a boat load of crappy sushi go to ninja for ayce and be disgusted.
4	Sushi Eye in Motion was only my second sushi experience and I enjoyed it very much. I went with some veteran that knew what they were doing so that helped. They first sat us at the bar thing that had the conveyer belt in front of us but that stressed me out too much so we moved to a table and go a menu :)  I had the shrimp tempura and it was awesome. I let my friends get the actual sushi and I tried theirs. It was great. Way better than my first experience. I would recommend this place. Just not sitting at the conveyer belt. That was the only weird part.
4	We went here our first night in Chandler thanks to Yelp...the reviews definitely hit the mark. Not super outstanding (we're pretty spoiled in San Diego), but quite decent for a mid-sized Arizona town (and low expectations). The atmosphere was hip (music maybe a tad too loud). The conveyor belt was a novelty...I was brave enough to grab a seaweed salad off of it, but after seeing the same sushi go by at least 10 times with no apparent refrigeration, there was no way I was grabbing anything with fish in it. Our meal ended with a big scoop of delicious green tea ice cream...
2	PAY TO PLAY?Summer 08 I spent a weekend at the resort to hang out at their pool and walk around downtown sampling the new businesses. I am not into sushi so I have nothing to compare this place to. I will say this, they excel at turning a $50 tab into a $150 tab. Those little plates stack up fast!!! Your hunger never seems to feel satisfied and the owner is quick to suggest items from the conveyor belt. So you just kind of keep sampling the things passing right in front of you without considering the consequences. I honestly went back the very next night to eat here just to analyse what happened the previous night. Why my tab was $150 for so little sustenance. Same thing almost happened. Super friendly greeting, remembered my name. I had exhausted the import beer selection the night before so I started on their exotic drink menu. A couple of blue Hawaiians later and we began plucking plates off the conveyor like they were giving them away!!! I saw where this was heading and decided cash out to the tune of $70 for a couple of fu-fu drinks and some snack size portions of white rice and fish.  Sushi Eye is a fun place to eat but if you are new to the "sushi on a conveyor belt" game you are more likely to lose your appetite by paying the bill than by eating the food.
5	Sushi Eye is within walking distance of our office in historic downtown Chandler.  They make great sushi consistently and the owner's and staff are always friendly.  I particularly like the 'Second Climax Roll' and the 'ASU' roll (both spicy) not to mention I can never pass on a little Sashimi or Nigiri when I am there.  Just my opinion, nothing goes better with sushi than a big bottle of Sapporo (Japanese Beer).
3	I was first introduced to sushi at a rolling sushi bar (sushi via conveyor belt) when I lived in Japan, so I experienced a bit of nostalgia when I visited Sushi Eye in Motion. Unfortunately I had arrived after the lunch rush, so not much was being delivered via the conveyor belt.I wasn't disappointed by ordering off the menu, however, I LOVED the Lion King roll, and was impressed with the Second Climax and ASU rolls as well. The staff was flexible enough to allow me to order half rolls since I had missed the small plates of the conveyor belt sushi, which allowed me to sample a wider variety at one sitting. The fish was fresh and the rolls were creative. I look forward to going back during the lunch and dinner rush so that I can grab some plates!
3	Trendy Atmosphere & Friendly Service.  I missed the lunch rush so no Sushi on a belt for me, but the idea seemed thoughtful and creative.  The Sushi was good but I swear the Tempe location (no belt) tastes much better.
4	Cute casual spot if you don't want to go to Scottsdale for Sushi. Family owned (well seems like it) the way they greet you and say goodbye when you leave. Very attentive wait staff, and good sushi! Not over priced.. about avaerage. Calamari is great, ASU Roll and Booty Booty roll are some of my favorites. Everything is very clean and presentation is very pleasing. Pretty good bar selection and TV's to watch the games.. yay!
3	After reading all the reviews my friends and I decided to give it a try. Correct on the frienly welcome by the lady who I assume is an owner. The service was not as great as I expected based on the reviews. Our server didn't seem to know much. When my friend asked for a "dirty martini" her reply was a look of confusion as if she never heard this term. This should have been the first clue as to her skill set as a server. Once we were informed that they have no bar tender and therefore only offer 3 "martini-like" drinks plus beer, sake and wine, we were somewhat disappointed (we wanted martinis but not the fru-fru ones they had on the menu which is unbelievable that they can make those but not a simple regular martini)...so we go with the flow and order two of the options with our other friend getting a beer. No water was ever brought or offered, when another guy (not our femaie server) did come over and offer water to my friend and I said me too, he promptly brought two waters but neither asked nor brought one for our beer drinking friend. We assumed he figured she didn't need it...? The "martini's" we had were tasty but didn't seem to have much alcohol...so I decided to see if they can make a simple vodka and club soda with lime. She said they could...when it arrived, it simply tasted like soda with no vodka. We ordered about 5 rolls and some edamame. The edamame was just okay..no coarse salt on them which was disappointing. The sushi was presented nicely and thankfully made this trip worth it. The "booty booty" roll was AWESOME! We all really enjoyed the unique mix of flavors. The spicy tuna was simple and tasty. The catepilar and philly were also both what you expect and seemed fresh and good. The "crunchy" roll was also very good and different than what you typically find in a crunch roll. My favs were the crunch and booty rolls but I like rolls with lots of different things going on...a party in the mouth! We didn't sit at the conveyor belt but it looked like the selections there were fresh and a wide variety. If we go back we decided we want to sit there. All in all it was good, as I said, mostly due to the fact that we all were happy with the sushi. The negative and I feel it's a big negative is the lack of a bar tender. If you are going to compete with at least 4 restaurants with full service bars all within walking distance from your place, you need a full service bar too. Even if you don't have a "bar" per se...at least have the goods, and skilled person, on hand to make some REAL martinis which I feel is a pretty common drink, especially at a Japanese restaurant. Also, when I told the waitress that I felt as if there was no vodka in my drink, her reply was, "oh yes there is, we measure exactly one shot thingy...it's an exact measurement that goes in so I assure it's in there" is not the response I would have expected when we had over a hundred dollar tab thus far. She should have said, oh sorry about that and put another shot in. Alcohol is almost all profit to a restaurant and I think keeping the customer happy at the restaurants expense of one shot is just the right thing to do if you are trying to be customer service oriented and want word of mouth and return business. Next time we want martinis and sushi we'll likely go to Blue Wasabi in Gilbert...but if I get a craving for that booty booty roll, I'll definitely go back to Sushi Eye and have low expectations on my service and drinks but will enjoy those rolls! All in all, it's worth a try if you've never been...just be forewarned about the "bar" situation.
2	This place was only alright. The rolls were a decent size, but the flavor wasn't there for me. Bland is a good word. We went here because of the conveyor belt sushi, but there was almost no selection on the belt and no signs to let you know what was what.Atmosphere wasn't bad and the service was good.
3	I'm allergic to macadamia nuts.Every other item on the conveyor belt was topped with mac nuts.Sigh.So I couldn't fully partake in the conveyor belt fun-ness.  Oh well.Everything else I ordered was great!  The service was super friendly and quick.  And.....They had fresh chopped wasabi!
5	This place is so alive!  I love the Viagra shot, a new addition a great new interpratation of an oyster shooter.  You got to try it!  The revolving sushi belt is always a great conversation and the sushiMenu is filled with unique items.  Don't miss out on this place!!!!
5	This place is great. The sushi is always good and the place and people are very inviting. The white tuna nigiri and both climax rolls are always good choices.
4	In the heart of downtown Chandler, this place is a great non-chain with local flair. There is a sushi conveyor belt & the picture menu that displays each roll makes ordering easy. Friendly staff with the owners on site, highly recommend! Interesting choice of techno music. Try the ASU roll, yum! Gave a 4 instead of a 5 because the non-specialty rolls are a bit on the small side.
4	We ate here for the first time last night and I was delightfully surprised - definately will be a repeat visitor!The quality of the food was far better than other conveyor belt restaurants I've been to.    I loved the Climax Roll and the one with the tempura fried mushroom and crap (don't know the name).    My husband was very happy with the size of the salmon and tuna Nigiri and we tried desert...the tempura fried ice cream.   I am typically not one that likes desert, but it was SO GOOD!   The prices were higher than a typical conveyor belt sushi restaurant but it matched the quality.  You can get certificates on www.Restaurant.com.Also - the servers were very friendly.  This place is a winner!
4	Great place with awsome sushi. There are nuts on a lot of stuff lol. It's a different type of sushi flavor. I will be eating there again.
2	Had a group of 8, so we did not get to pick items off the conveyor. But it looked fun. We all arrived and were greeted instantly! Our drink orders were taken right away. My wife and 2 others ordered combo dinners with Chicken teriyaki. But she is not a big dark meat fan, Gyoza was good!The Sushi came out in different waves, the one half of the table got theirs, so we shared a little while the others got theirs. It was good, but not Spectacular. We had the Shrimp Tempura roll, the climax roll, the spicy tuna, Crazy horse, Unagi and some Maki. Every time the rolls came out, we were told what they were or confirmed what they were. As we ate, we did not see the waitress as much, so we waved her down to get drinks. The place was not packed, so not sure what the deal was. Service overall was Meh..Wgot a visit from who I believe was the owner asking us where we were from and how the food was. This was a good feeling. He sent over a free dessert, the tempura Ice Cream after we were done - what a surprise! It was good!  After all the food was gone, we realized that we did not get our 2 orders of Edamame, and we ordered 2 more rolls. We were having a good time. Then the check came and we went through and divvied it up. The waitress was happy to do it even though I refused it when we first sat down. We were very thankful to her. But we realized that there were a couple of rolls that we did not order on the bill. She had one roll taken off, but there was a spider roll that was on the bill that we did not order, but there was a big conversation in Korean about what was going on. They were loudly discussing the roll when the owners wife I think came over and said the sushi man made spider roll, and basically was saying we had it. It was into a big deal - but we felt that they could just said, OK. But nope - Sushi man make - you pay! They continued to argue about it, so we said fuck it and said we will pay for the roll. Jeez - we just ate over $200 and you want to make a big deal about an  $8 roll we did not order... Fine. We kinda said that we did not get a free dessert after all. During the night, there were regulars that come in and were getting hugs from the owners, which was great to see - but I felt no love in the end. Maybe I will come again and eat off the conveyor.Food: 3 starsService: 2 starsCustomer is right: 1 star
4	Great place to frequent.  The owners, Paul and Sue, take pride in their restaurant and it shows by their active involvement day to day.  Overall their sushi is good quality.  If you want them to make something up for you they certainly will do so.  If you dine at Sushi Eye enough you'll get your own chopsticks so you feel special - nice touch :-)
4	It was super busy when we went last Saturday night but the staff is so effiecient that we didn't have to wait very long for a table. Since there was only 2 of us, we decided against sitting at the conveyor belt but it looked like a lot of fun. I imagine sitting near the conveyor belt is funner with a group of friends. We started out with the crazy horse roll and it was delicious!  I like that they have dinner combos so if you can't fill up on sushi you have other tasty options. I had dinner combo B which you get your choice of 2 items + miso soup and salad, all for $12.95. The dressing on the salad was really great. I had the teriyaki salmon and california rolls as part of the combo and it was really filling. The prices were reasonable and the staff is very welcoming. I only wish Sushi Eye in Motion was closer to my me.
4	Stopped in here for lunch today at the constant urging of a friend. I was told that this place has really great sushi AND a conveyor belt. My friend and I arrived at 11:15 am and we were the only people in the place which was okay as they open at 11:00 am and we beat the lunch rush. Suffice to say the only thing on the belt were California Rolls, edamame and pot stickers. We therefore ordered from the menu. We sat for quite some time waiting for more options on the belt.  Eventually something similar to a rainbow roll appeared and we tried that. Nothing more was added.The food was good to me and I will definitely return when they are busy just for a variety of choices on the belt. My friend was not impressed at all. She felt as if they were over priced, portions were too small and the food was just ok. According to her if she returns it will be for the non-sushi items on the menu.  Overall, I think this is a cool sushi spot to bring a group of friends.
3	Went here for lunch to try it out instead of our regular sushi place. We sat at the conveyor belt to see what it was all about. I first saw this kind of setup at a place in Folsom, CA. I like the conveyor cuz  you can get routine stuff quickly and also try something new that looks interesting.The place wasn't real busy but the waitress was a bit inattentive in getting our drinks and the Udon I ordered.Good place but not the best in Chandler for sure. It wasn't priced less than our regular sushi place (that we love) so I can only rate it OK. Would gladly go if someone wanted to go here but if asked to recommend a place this would not be first on my list.
4	After writing my initial review I received an email from the owners of this establishment apologizing for the lack of choices on the belt and a suggestion of when to return for more choices. I am a customer service finatic and I was genuinely impressed by this email. I will be returning to Sushi Eye in Motion sooner than later.
5	BEST sushi in Chandler! The conveyor belt in this location is really neat and adds a great touch. The staff is very friendly and the food is absolutely delicious. The menu is huge and they offer a wide variety of unique sushi rolls.
2	Even though I have not had the opportunity to try the food, this place does not work. First time it was closed, strange business hours...closed at 2pm, who does that? Even though I saw someone sitting inside reading a newspaper. People are not hungry from 2-5pm you know. So, ok besides the hours I try again 2 weeks later cause I love the idea of the conveyor belt so I can see what I want. They had 3 items on it and no sign for what the items were and they were more expensive then another local place by at least a dollar a plate. They kept pushing me to order from the menu, that was not why I was there. I just got up and left.
4	Ok, I really liked this place. It's been eight hours since I had lunch there and my mouth is still happy.My husband and I on a whim, decided to have a rare week-day lunch together and go for some sushi. Wanting to try a new place, we headed over to Sushi Eye.We were greeted by the owners, a Korean couple, who was very nice and welcoming. Our waitress was very sweet and she was quick to get our orders in and our drinks on the table. By the way, I tried their bottled Ginger Peach Black Tea and it was sooooo good. Not sweet at all, which is how I love my teas, just a natural flavor.Anyway...We ordered a side of edamame, which is pretty much going to be good anywhere you go.Then we ordered four rolls: Cherry Blossom (my fave!), The Elliot, Spicy Scallop and The Atkins.The Cherry Blossom was soooooo good. I don't remember all what was in it, but I think it was Tuna, avocado and one other item. But it was drizzled with a sauce and coated with Macadamia nuts. I've never seen that before but OMG, delicious!The Elliot was my hubby's fave. It was eel and it was good, but it was a little sweet for my taste.The Spicy Scallop was good, but sort of unmemorable. I didn't not like it, but it didn't wow my mouth.The Atkins was also awesome and different. It was tuna, avocado wrapped in cucumber, but the rice wine vinegar sauce that was drizzled on it put it over the top. OMG, I was licking my lips from that for hours.Sushi Eye will definitely be a return visit for us.
5	I went to Sushi in August for my husband and my birthday lunch.  Absolutely amazing - so much so that I wrote a review at phoenixbites.com:http://phoenixbites.com/2010/08/30/232/
5	This is my favorite sushi place in the phoenix area for a few reasons...portions are well sized for the pricequality is always highthey have escolar, which I love - and the best place I've ever had it raw.they have fresh, real, wasabithe owners are great people!I wish they had better appetizers (I've never been happy with them so I no longer get them) and desert (I don't like mochi and the others are not very good IMO)
5	Paul and Sue are a throwback to the way restaurant owners should be: not afraid to get the job done and always keep the customer happy.  Our family has celebrated most of our milestones (graduations, birthdays, etc) at Sushi Eye in Motion.  I love the personal feel of getting my own chopsticks, setting down at the table and enjoying a cold Kirin with the owners telling us what has been happening with them and their store.  It's like they are family for the could of hours we are there.  I love that Sue can be out front giving hugs and Paul is always ready with a warm handshake and pleasant smile.  Did I not mention the Sushi? AMAZING! Quality cuts of sushi and sashimi, never fishy, and excellently prepared.  Strongly recommend the ASU roll and the Spicy Tuna Poppers are amazing! Paul & Sue - we Love you! Dont change a thing!
5	excellent and fresh sushi - my favorites are the asu roll & the second climax roll.
4	A japanese place can never go wrong with me if they have UNI sashimi!  Cherry Blossom roll and ASU roll are also good choices.A bit disappointed though that they ran out of oysters but the rolls were good so I'm happy.
2	If you would think visiting this restaurant at 8pm on a Saturday night would be a prime opportunity to experience what "Sushi Eye in Motion" is all about - you would be wrong. At least, I would hope you were wrong. If this service was indicative of what the restaurant is at their best, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I was in a party of three sitting down at the bar, hoping to make a number of selections from the rotating sushi bar - but the items I saw were not to my liking (lots of spicy tuna) and they looked as though they had been there for some time.Now here's where it gets awful - those same items rotated around the entire time I was there. 50+ minutes and those were the only items I saw on the rotating bar. We ordered a small number of things to start off (I always make sure to get 'saba' and 'ikura' at every sushi place I go to) with the intention of grabbing some plates off the conveyor belt, but there were never any plates added.The stuff we ordered was good. The mackerel was delicious and the salmon roe was good. Everything else was decent, but the dissatisfaction with the failure to deliver on their gimmick was enough to dissuade my appetite. If I ever went back, or if you ever decide to go, I would sit at the bar and have a drink first. Just watch and see if they add anything new to the rotation or if there's any variety. If there isn't, I would leave and go somewhere better (I love Kabuki at Tempe Marketplace).Imagine how horrible it would be for anyone to sit down after we had left and grab some of the sushi that had likely been there for an hour or more. To quote one of my favorite videos on YouTube - "unforgivable."
3	Meh...it was ok. Service was on as the waiter was always there. We ordered the sashimi platter which was ok. The fish was fresh but the presentation was really drab - fish daikon and lemon slices.  The conveyor belt thing I can see as an attraction to some, but seemed silly to me. The whole vibe inside was a bit off. e were going to stay longer but tabbed out and went to Siracha Lounge down the street instead.
2	I have been to Sushi Eye several times and I am disappointed by the service and the owners tonight.  My husband loves sushi and he loves to go there.  They have their Buy one roll at full price and get the secoond one for 1/2 price roll special, which is so lame!  We ordered 6 rolls ranging from $9-$14 and 2 rolls which were non sushi rolls ranging from $3.50-$5.00.   Well they took the lower price rolls as the 1/2 price items when we got more higher price rolls.  I am not cheap by any means, but because I am not a sushi eater, I asked them to separate my lower priced items to not mess up the discount!  Well they separated the tickets, but discounted just the same!  I asked the owner and he said "You want the higher discount?', I said yes, he said no, it is the same table, you can't get the higher discount.  I think that is so stupid and I am not really complaining about $10.00, but in this economy and with the competition for sushi bars, you don't want to keep a loyal customer??  Well I can say that we will not be back to visit this establishment again.
3	The sushi were average, but the staff were extremely helpful and attentive.  Since we had our infant and our 2 year old kid with us, they were attentive to our needs.  Just wish the sushi was better.
3	My friends invited me to eat with them at Sushi Eye in Motion a week or so ago and I am glad that I went.They had some great names for their rolls and the Sashimi Toro was excellent.  The rolls were really good as well.One of the funniest happenings of the evening, besides the plates used as giant eyes or flat boobs was the server who did not hide her emotion well at all.  When we asked for separate checks she was not happy at all.What I DO NOT understand is how a person who works mostly for tips doesn't jump at the chance for separate checks.  More checks equals more and bigger tips - say yes, act nice and get more money.  She wasn't rude at all, it was just humorous to see her distaste at the request.  The location is a little bit of a drive for a central Phoenix person such as myself, but it was worth it.
2	If you're been to Teharu in Tempe, don't bother going here. It's soooooo over priced its not even funny. The sushi was average, but then again I didn't taste everything because everything that looked decent was on a gold plate, which is $4.50 EACH.. and most of the time it was only three pieces. So that makes it a $12 roll. I'll pass.
5	One of the top sushi restaurants I've been to, and I've tried them all over the country.  It's the only place in the Phoenix area that has a conveyor belt, where small sushi plates come around for you to grab as you wish.  The owners are almost always there and they make sure to greet every single customer.  They get to know everyone and treat you like family every time you come in.
4	It's good. It's the only sushi boat place. I know in town.
4	I went for dinner and I'm a fan. We sat at the bar so we could grab items off the rotating belt. and it was so fun to see the different items swing by. It was hard to stop myself from grabbing everything.  I snagged a roll that had tuna tartare as a topping and it was delicious.  I also got seaweed salad and this was actually the only thing I didn't like at this place. It was really oily and lacking flavor (I've never had bad seaweed salad until I ate it here). I ordered some fried calamari and it was very good. They throw in the little squid tentacles, which are my favorite! We also ordered a few spicy tuna hand rolls, which were perfect with crisp nori and yummy tuna spilling out.  The main entree was a sashimi platter and the fish was super fresh and delicious (see picture and you will see what I'm talking about).  The service was exceptional. We will definitely return again!
5	We visited around 7:30pm on Saturday night. We sat at a table and ordered 4 rolls and 2 salads off the menu. First, our server (and the owner and others who stopped by the table) were the friendliest dang staff we've ever met. They were all so happy and thanked us a lot for coming--and were just two in a packed dining room.Our rolls were very good, although packed a bit too loosely (could be our fault as we subbed in soy paper). We thought the quality was excellent.Next time we want to try the conveyor belt system, which looked like fun.
4	She's got the motion from the ocean to cure my sushi craving ills -- Sushi Eye's got --- SKILLS!  A modern twist with a belt rolling by with sushi -- Sushi Eye's got --- SKILLS!A little wasabi with my sushi --- Sushi Eye's got --- SKILLS!Yum Yum, eat'em up, think I'm in luck because - Sushi Eye in Motion got me singing some R&B pop!I always enjoy hangin' in downtown Chandler.  The place doesn't get much respect around the valley, but it's definitely a growing hot spot.  I totally dig my sushi on a belt rolling by so that I can EYE the different selections.  My visit however, ended at the table where I ordered some Orange Blossom roll and Sushi Eye signature roll -- Yum indeed!  Service was awesome and the ambience is a totally modern, swanky, and hip! - Enjoy!
4	I love this place! I love sitting around the conveyor belt trying things I would normally never think about. I have strayed away from the belt though; the last time we went, the shrimp tempura was cold. Not sure how long the plates are supposed to stay out but they come around a little too much for my liking. Aside from that, the menu items are amazing. Each time we go, we have a few staples: the miso soup, Climax Roll, and the Las Vegas Roll. We always try a new roll each time we go but none have been memorable enough to become one of the constants. The staff is always very nice and accommodating. The atmosphere is lovely and very welcoming!
5	May be the best damn sushi on the West Coast.   I am not joking.  I don't joke about these things.  Paul and Sue, the owners, are the sweetest people you will meet.   They treat you like family.   I have had sushi in California and was quite disappointed comparatively.   Yet, I may have not found the right spot there.   On the East Coast,  have not come to find the deliciousness and creativity along with the freshness that is intertwined into Sushi Eye.  The atmosphere and energy in this place is awesome.   Best roll is the Sushi Eye Roll.  Make sure to try this one when you go.   I can't say enough about this place.    Who would have thought that you would find such scrumptious raw fish in the heart of the desert.   This is a gem for the Phoenix area.   Very underrated.
4	The Arizona Roll was FAB!!!! I also loved the miso soup and green salad, that dressing is delish. Not to mention a very cool environment.
5	Sushi Eye is my favorite sushi restaurant.Not only is it great food, it's also a warm and inviting atmosphere. The husband and wife that run Sushi Eye always go out of their way to say hello to everyone that walks in the door and say goodbye to everyone that leaves. They also work hard alongside the servers, something that you have to respect.Sushi Eye has a conveyor belt of sushi at the bar, which is fun. You can also choose to sit at a table and order off of the menu. They have a nice selection and the sushi has always been fresh and tasty.Awesome food along with great and friendly service gives Sushi Eye five stars.
2	I have passed by this place many times and thought it looked cool from the outside...so I decided to take my wife here for dinner. The interior is clean but the music playing was some strange techno stuff, not fitting for the atmosphere and annoying. The staff was friendly, however, check your bill carefully! I ordered an $8.50 bottle of Sake and was charged $10.50. The sushi was average in taste but extreme in price. We ordered one shrimp tempura, which came with miso soup and salad, and six pieces of sushi, and a bottle of Sake. Total bill before tip was $42! I have had much better sushi for way less. This was my first and definitely last time at this place.
3	The rolls were pretty bland per my wife (I'm not generally into rolls).  The wild blue fin and toro nigiri sushi were very good.  The shiro mutsu (escolar) was disappointing, which was a first.  Overall, the service was pretty good.  We had a restaurant.com coupon that they honoured on Saturday.  However, they did say that the rules said that they didn't use them on Saturday, which do not appear on the coupon, but do appear on a sign on the door.  Either way, I appreciated them accepting the coupon.We'll be back.  Proximity and decent fish in Arizona is a combination not easily found.
3	I recently went here with a group of 3 other people after a friend suggested Sushi Eye. We found out about the conveyor restaurant and so we opted to go there instead. We walked in and were greeted right away. We sat down at the bar so we could be close to the "action". The waitress made me move over because she didn't want me sitting in the seat I was in for some reason. They never really explained that to me.We all ordered our rolls and then a couple of us picked stuff up off the conveyor.I ordered the Climax Roll off the menu. My boyfriend got a couple of their happy hour specials. I believe it was a spicy tuna roll and a las vegas roll. We also ordered a sashimi appetizer, yellowtail I believe, which was nice and juicy and really fresh.Everything we got off the menu was flavorful and looked really pretty.I got maybe 3 or 4 plates of 2 piece sushi off the conveyor belt but I was really craving salmon. I asked the sushi chef to make me a nigri with salmon on it and he happily obliged. It was super fresh and delicious. If you go and you don't see anything you want, just ask them and they'll make something up for you.Here is the reason why this place lost two stars:When we walked in I zeroed in on the conveyor. A few plates with tuna nigri on it, a few california rolls and another few plates with shrimp tempura. I'm not even kidding you, those same like 5 or 6 plates were still on the conveyor when we were leaving.... AN HOUR AND A HALF LATER. I don't care how cold they keep it in there, you cannot have fish, or any kind of food for that matter, sitting out for that long. Who knows how long it was sitting there before I even came in? My boyfriend and his friends and I even brought up how slimy and gross the tuna nigri started looking when we were waiting for our check. It no longer looked like fish. That's pretty gross. I made it  point to only grab things I saw them put down on the conveyor. You don't want to take any chances with sushi! The other reason (and less of a concern for me but since i'm writing this review we might as well talk about it) is that I did NOT like our waitress. After the whole musical chairs thing she had with me when I sat down, she was pretty much non-existent. She came around to drop off the food we ordered and then poof! She was gone. I had to flag her down to get a refill on my drink and we had to again search for her when we wanted our check. We sat there for about 20 mins waiting to just receive the check and probably another 10 for her to bring our cards back for us to sign.All-in-all, my experience wasn't bad. The food I ate was good. I had a good time. I'm hoping that maybe the waitress was just having an off day or something. But I will still make sure to keep an eye on that conveyor belt. I don't want a case of food poisoning to come with my $40 check i'm sure to get after eating here again.
2	My husband and I saw a Groupon for this restaurant and thought we would check it out. We've enjoyed the location in Ahwatukee, but thought we'd try out the Chandler location. We were promptly seated when we arrived, but the table we were seated at was in the corner. After we were seated, we waited for about 10 minutes with no menus and had to flag down a server to ask for menus. The food was great, but the service remained to be quite slow and inattentive (we frequently had to ask for water and we were brought another table's food). Then, when it was time for our check, the hostess/server asked us if we would be okay with tipping 18% before she even brought us our bill. Being put on the spot and confused about the process, we hesitantly agreed. Overall, the service was far worse than the Ahwatukee location and we didn't appreciate the crass way in which we were asked to tip. We'll probably stick to Ahwatukee from here on out.
5	This is our goto sushi restaurant.  It's not the cheapest in the valley, but it's good quality sushi and we've never left disappointed.  The husband and wife that run the place are super friendly.   We've never tried the in motion part at the bar so I don't have anything to say for that.  We recommend this place to all of our friends.
5	I was very impressed with the atmosphere here.  Everyone that works in the place greets you when you enter.  Kind of made me think of a Japanese Waffee House :-)  The sushi was very authentic and they had some rolls that were localized for the Phoenix/Arizona crowd.  You know it is good when other Japanese people are eating there.  I highly recommend the 'Spicy Fried Chicken Roll'.
5	I have been going to Sushi Eye ever since it first opened in Tempe and I didn't even like or want to try Sushi Then the owners got me into trying different items on the menu.. And just like that i got addicted! Now 7 or 8 years later we still go on a regular but have brought in MANY friends and family who now also have brought in their friends and other family and from anyone we have told to go there or have taken there they are always saying how good it was there and now go every month! The owners are also such great people, they treat us just like family, and our son even knows one of them as Sushi GrandmaI recommend this place to anyone near or far to come and try any variety of items at sushi eye.
2	I had dinner here with two friends on a Thursday night; their happy hour selection wasn't very extensive, and the dishes on the conveyor belt were unappetizing.The service wasn't too bad and the waitresses visited frequently, except when one of them took away my miso soup which I was still working on; she ended up bringing it back.We ordered a variety of rolls (including ones that were off the H.H. menu), none of which I can say were good. Their miso soup was very bland and had an odd mushroom flavor. We also ordered tuna sashimi, which was bad quality and served at room temperature (gross!); I stopped eating the sashimi after the first piece.Also, I didn't like how there weren't any sesame seeds on any of the rolls!!The food here is expensive and unappealing. I do not plan on giving this place another shot.
2	I almost gave them 3 stars. Almost....The sushi is good...Do not get me wrong. Service was average.  I had gone in with two girl friends and we sat at the bar and i ordered the climax rolls to be somewhat different from going with what majority of people get and post about on this lovely review website. They were awesome...But for $14?? NO WAY. I honestly would rather spend 16 for double the amount  of rolls at this sushi spot in Gilbert.  Where its always happy hour and you get free salad, miso soup and a free dessert.  The teriyaki chicken looked good but i was there for sushi thats totally over priced. the only rolls that have a decent price are the vegas and the classic rolls like the spicy tuna etc etc.Another thing, if you use four square i don't know if its just me and my app but the american express deal does not work or sync. would have been nice if it did.i am not sure if i will go back again just because i am not a fan of going places that overcharge for things you can get just as good elsewhere for half the price.
3	Nice atmosphere and a good value. Lacked in variety but everything was fresh and yummy.
3	Get there before 9 so you can enjoy the sushi revolving belt if not be prepared to pay full price for the rolls. Overall good sushi, a tad over priced, with a decent atmosphere
1	I went there on a Friday night about an hour before they were going close. They informed us the conveyor belt was no longer having sushi put on there so we had to order from the menu. The menu is high priced, the reason we went there was becuase we were hoping for the conveyor belt prices but they didn't even honor that because they didn't want to put anything else on the conveyor belt and there was no information the belt closed early the saki bombers were $14 per saki bomb. Then they rushed us out of there as soon as there was no food on our plates they handed us the bill even though we still had drinls. I will not go there again
4	I bought a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com to come here. It was for dinner but I showed up at lunch trying to use it. At first they told me they weren't going to accept it but they did anyway but then also said they are no longer honoring my other 2 I bought. The service was great. The atmosphere was great as well. My bill even with the $25 off was about $75, but I bought about 8-10 rolls of sushi. They didn't bring all the rolls out at once which was smart of them to do. They even have chicken sushi (with cooked chicken). I would love to go back to this place, but I can't as often because it's far from where I actually live.
2	Another groupon purchase. A few months back I saw this groupon and purchased it, and it wasn't until a few weeks ago that I had the chance to go. I have been really into vegetarian sushi lately so I was excited to try this place. And Meh... is appropriate for this place. I came with my mom and husband on a Thursday night. The place wasn't busy at all and it was around 7pm. I think there were two other parties. When we walked in, the servers all looked at us. It took a few seconds of them staring at us for one to tell us to sit where we want, and then another few moments before anyone brought us menus. I had looked over the menu online before hand so I knew there were a few choices for me. I decided on the avocado rolls, vegan roll, and the tofu tofu roll. As far as the taste of them goes, they were all kind of bland. Even after dipping them in soy and wasabi. There were no sesame seeds on them which helps give them extra flavor. And the wasabi was unusually bland as well. I hardly got any spice from it at all. The most disappointing roll was the tofu tofu roll. It was different, deep fried tofu with green beans rolled inside of the tofu. So there was no rice in this roll. It was just ok. Again, really bland. They could have jazzed up the tofu or something. Everyone knows tofu needs love to taste good. Just tofu cut into blocks and deep fried isn't going to be very tasty.My mom and husband got the Atkins roll and another one with yellow fin. They were also less than impressed with their selections.  One thing I noticed about this sushi place versus others I have been to, is the portion sizes are way smaller here. I ordered three rolls for me, which at any other sushi places stuffs me to the point where I feel like I am going to explode. Three rolls here, and I was still hungry. It made me sad. The only good thing this place has got going for it is the vegetarian rolls are all really cheap. Which is nice. The price of the fish rolls are all really expensive though. We had a $30 groupon and we still ended up paying an extra $15 on top of that because of how expensive the rolls were. Service here left a lot to be desired as well. The servers all stood around and talked with each other the whole time we were here. And we had to call to them for them to come over to the table. We probably wont be coming back here just because there are so many other sushi places in town better than this one.
3	This was the first time going to a sushi place with a conveyer belt type of atmosphere.  You had several types of sushi, nigiri, and sashimis floating around.  One thing I would recommend to the owner if he/she is reading this is that the items should be labelled.  I am still relatively new to sushi, so I am not going to be able to recognize everything.  If the items from the conveyer belt did not fit a person, they also have the regular menu where you can order rolls, appetizers, noodles, etc.  We got combination of conveyer belt items and freshly ordered items.  The conveyer belt items I got were white tuna sashimi, tuna nigiri, and edemame.  They were all okay and nothing too spectacular.  We ordered lobster roll and fried California rolls from the menu.  Those were a little better, but I didn't taste too much lobster flavor.The service was so-so, but it was basically a couple servers handling the show.  I would come back here and give it another shot, but I am not sure if I would bring a date here.
1	I've been wanting to try Sushi Eye in Motion for awhile. My husband and I used to like the one in Tempe (back before I became a vegetarian), and I wanted to see the conveyer belt concept in action. When my dad surprised us with a Living Social voucher, we headed over there the first chance we got.I won't bore you with the details of the beginning of our meal. It all started to go terribly wrong when the two rolls I ordered came out.First the "tofu,tofu" roll came to the table. It sounded great in the description : tofu, string beans, avocado, and burdock root dressed with wasabi and unagi sauce. What I got was a roll with just tofu and string beans. I sent it back to be made properly because it looked plain and unappealing as is.While I waited for the tofu roll to come out, the futomaki roll came out. This is a traditional vegetarian roll so it's one of my stand-bys when I get sushi. I ate the first piece which was the end of the roll. It was covered with rice so I couldn't see the filling, but it didn't really matter because the contents are pretty standard. However, looking at the rest of the rolls, I noticed right away that there was shimp in the roll! I was infuriated. I showed the mistake to the waitress who was bringing out my re-made tofu roll. We asked for the check at this point because I was too upset to finish my meal.The owner came up a couple minutes later to apologize or so I thought. Instead of saying, "I am so sorry for this awful mistake. Your meal is on us," (the only acceptable response) he said, "Sometimes we like to change things up." I expressed how upsetting it was to eat meat as a vegetarian, but he just didn't get it. Maybe if I was allergic to shrimp and went into anaphylactic shock at his restaurant, he would place more importance on providing a consistent product, one that at least matches the menu description.
3	I like the novelty of conveyor belt sushi.  It appeals to my primal instinct, like I'm actually fishing for my own dinner off the moving belt.  (Can you tell I'm a city boy?)At Sushi Eye, the conveyor belt is better in concept than in practice.  At 8pm, the cold dishes looked warm, the warm dishes looked cold, and every small serving of food on the belt was priced at $4.50.  We stuck to the menu.They have a wide variety of sushi rolls at a wide variety of prices.  The specialty rolls go from $6-14.  My wife loved the imaginitive Atkins roll, although it may be a stretch to call this a sushi roll without rice or seaweed.  Crisp cuccumber strips wrapped tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and avocado.  Each roll slice was held together with a toothpick, making it a great appetizer option.  We also enjoyed the crazy horse roll, which is pretty much the same thing as the Atkins roll, only with a the traditional rice/seaweed wrapping.We also had a yellowtail & scallion roll, which tasted fresh and delicous, and a vegan roll that was totally overwhelmed by the brown sauce dizzled over it (and we weren't crazy about the shitake mushroom filling either.)  In the past, I've tried the eel rolls there, and they come with the added texture of crushed macadamia nuts.  This unique addition of nuts sounded better than it tasted.  I would have preferred the eel alone.All in all, it was decent sushi at a decent price, which translates to a decent 3-star review.
5	I had a Living Social voucher for this restaurant, which I purchased so I could see what the conveyer belt fuss was all about.  We arrived a little early for dinner, and there was maybe one other table in at the time.  We sat at the bar in front of the belt, and started watching the plates go-round.  Everything we tried was delicious... I tend toward California Rolls and didn't get anything much crazier than that, but I did try some new things that were very tasty.  As the dinner hour approached and the restaurant got busier, there was a noticeable increase in the variety of sushi on the belt, making me wish we had arrived a little bit later.  We were assured that if there was something we didn't see we could request it, I simply didn't know what I wanted until I saw it go by!  I liked the fact that I could pick up food as I wanted it, rather than having it all delivered at the beginning of the meal.  This is why I tend to like buffet style meals where I have an ongoing variety.  All in all, I had a good time!  It was a fun experience, definitely a good date, and something new to try.
3	Went to this place on a recommendation from a coworker.  Food was good, but not really matching the price.  Most of the sushi that was decent was on the more expensive plate, only had 1 or 2 choices for the lower price and didn't have that many on it.  Service was ok, but notice a few errors on bills.  Price didn't match what they showed on chart/menu...but whatevers...won't be back anyways.  For that price would rather go to a better place and could get the same food at better pricing (Teharu).
4	Small friendly place dominated by a central bar containing a conveyor belt rotating around the bar transporting small dishes of various sushi products, clever and interesting and entertaining!  Table /menu service was also available.  The fish was fresh and tasty, the spicy squid salad outstanding as was the (6 large) shrimp tempura.  We ordered 4 rolls, the tempura and aforementioned salad and spicy fried calamari and 2 hot green teas (we each had our own teapot, good tea and plenty of it.  Our bill was a little over $50 plus tax and tip.  A little too much food for us but we managed to stuff it down.  Of course we will return :)
5	The sushi is fresh, the service is wonderful, and the oysters are awesome!
4	Went to this place after purchasing a living social deal. I was impressed with their happy hour as well as the sushi belt that tempts you the entire meal. Flat out amazing oysters. Average sushi. Amazing oysters.
5	My go to sushi and sashimi spot. Fish is always fresh and high quality. They might not have $1 happy hour rolls but who wants to eat discount raw fish in the desert.
2	My husband I love sushi (I am originally from Japan) and we love revolving sushi restaurants. We've been to Teharu and Sushi Station before and really enjoyed them. So when we saw the deal on Livingsocial, we bought it ($15 for $30) right away.Before going there, I checked out the reviews on Yelp and found many  people said sushi there is expensive. So we are sort of prepared. And yes, it was expensive. We went there for Sat lunch. There were few more groups at the conveyor counter. There were differently priced plates from $2.75 to $4.50 like Teharu and Sushi Station. But most of the dishes on the conveyor are on $4.50 plates and only California roll is $2.75. And edamame and gyoza are $3.50. At Teharu, a plate starts at $1 and there are many types of sushi on the $1 plates.The variety was very low too. There were only 5 types of rolls (which are all  very similar), tuna, salmon and 4 other types of dishes on the conveyor. Nothing like philly rolls, spider rolls, eel, etc we are familiar to. Way less than other revolving sushi restaurants. The conveyor area was very small and there were more seating at tables. So I think they expect us to order mainly than eating from the conveyor.The quality of fish is better than other revolving sushi restaurants but it's still average. We stuck to the conveyor as that's the whole reason we drove all the way to Chandler from central Phoenix and we know much better normal (not revolving) sushi restaurants in and near Phoenix. So we do not think we will ever go back to Sushi Eye in Motion. If we want to go to a revolving sushi restaurant, we will definitely go to Sushi Station and for good sushi and Japanese deserts, we will go to Shimogamo. I like the sushi counter at AJ's on Camelback better as they have a real Japanese sushi chef who chooses fresh fish.
4	I don't come to sushi eye for the sushi, I love the owners and the service!The sushi is good but the service is amazing. Every time I come here I'm always greeted by the owners with a very exuberant welcome. I feel like I'm eating at my Japanese mama's house for Sunday dinner. It's a cozy family run business and the people that make the sushi aren't Mexican are actually Asian! Anyway, give them in try if you're in this part of the hood, you won't regret it.
4	Nice cozy place, people are very nice and the sushi is good. Prices are very decent, I was expecting higher and was pleasantly surprised. Will definitely come back and recommend it.
4	Sushi Eye in Chandler is closed.
