5	It's like having a vet in the family. We offer Military discounts!
5	A couple of months ago we found a cat on our back porch who unfortunately must have had an accident with his tail. It was barely staying on. I researched and saw some articles about Sun Valley Hope having a low cost vet. Two days later we finally caught him and brought him in. They were extremely helpful and affordable. We were able to save the cat and he found a home with us :) He's still doing fantastic to this day.
4	I recently took my puppy to the Sun Valley Hope Animal Hospital, after being referred to the hospital by a coworker.  The drive from our home to the hospital was approximately 20 minutes.  Upon entering the parking lot, I missed the small sign pointing the way to the animal hospital.  In turn I ended up at the animal rescue that is located in the same building.  It is a no kill shelter.  The staff there were kind enough to point me in the direction I needed to go.  Upon entering the animal hospital I immediately noticed the large size of the waiting area.  Next I noticed the sign that read in part they do not provide 24 hour monitoring services at the hospital.  We checked in for our 1130 am appointment and took our seats.  I must say the choice of seating was not the most comfortable, however for a discount vet I do understand.  There was a TV there for the pleasure of those waiting to have their pets seen by the vet.We waited approximately 10 minutes passed our appointment time, which to me is acceptable, as I am aware emergencies do occur.  We were taken to the exam room, which was clean and set up so that the doctor could exam the animal and provide the services necessary.  There was a counter and sink area with all the necessary medical set ups. The exam table was as expected as well. The doctor came in, Fernando Notario.  He was both professional and patient with all my questions.  He did not suggest treatments or procedures that were not necessary.  He did not attempt to persuade us into doing anything that was not necessary.  After providing the treatment that we had gone to receive we exited the exam room.  The cost of this appointment was far less than what was expected.  We will be returning in the future to complete the vaccines for our little puppy.  We will also be taking our cat here to have his nails trimmed, as I was very impressed with the price that they had quoted.I made the decision to give this place a try as I had been told by others that they worked with people who thought their last resort was to put down their beloved pets.  Another reason I made the decision to come here was that the place is open on Sundays. Is this like the typical vet office that I have been to in the past, no it isn't.  Do they provide the same services as others, yes they do, at a far more affordable price.  Does it matter to the animal if there is a treat at the end of the services, no it really doesn't.  What matters in the end to the pet is they know you care and love them.
5	This hospital is amazing !! I will be a client for life, really. My dog had surgery a few months back here,and they treated both of us so well ! They explained everything that needed to be done, and also were very understanding as I called back several times to check on his progress. They were very compassionate in everything they do, and I highly recommend these guys !!
5	I came across this animal hospital when I was fostering dogs for P.A.W.S.  Even though they are quite far away from me (40 miles/1hr drive) I found them to be extremely helpful and more importantly affordable. Dr Notario is Awesome and very through when examing my dogs.  The only negative I have for them is their wait time which can sometimes be a few days since they are always booked but I guess that is a testament to how good they are.   I will continue to go to them and recommend them to anyone who is looking for affordable pet healthcare.
5	Our vet, Dr. Joshua Winston from Sun City is the medical director at this hospital  Every visit is great.  All our dog does is shake and high five with the vet.  He doesn't even know he's getting the exam except for the thermometer (lol).  Very compassionate staff.  It's worth the drive for us about 20 miles. They even waive the office visit for military active and retired.
5	Oh my god, I love this place. As new Arizona residents we had to find a vet. After being over charged at a vet near our home we were turned on to this place. We have taken our pets here several times and always leave please. Granted this place isn't pretty but they are going to take care of your pet at a great price...make that a super great price. Keep it up!!
5	This place is an absolute godsend.  We had been in Arizona for a short time and our oldest cat had gotten sick. We took him to an emergency vet clinic and they charged over 2000 dollars for an upper respiratory infection.  We didn't have that kind of money and they refused to give us the medicine to save him. When our youngest cat was dying,  we were terrified that we wouldn't be able to save him. We found this vet and they saved his life. They were so affordable and it allows people that don't have much money but love their pets like they're a family member take care of their every need. I will be forever and eternally grateful for them. They are truly angels.  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
1	Our appointment was at 2:30, we were 30 mins early, they didn't call us back until 3:30 after I had to remind them we were still waiting twice. So now my dogs get weighed, we go in the room, they get their temperatures taken.....Finally after another 15 minutes, a young lady comes in, asks how my day was going, I said fine, aside from the almost 2 hour wait, she then explains that things happen, things don't go as planned, I said I understand.She then proceeds to tell my daughter and myself that she had a dog die, due to vaccinations, (they still made the lady pay, crying and all), my daughter asked her so will my dogs be okay, will my dogs die?  The lady got a huge attitude, slammed my dogs exam folders shut, said I don't have time for this, I can't deal with this, with tears in her unprofessional eyes, she stormed out the room.My husband comes in and says what happened, were still standing there in shock, none the least, waiting for someone, anyone  to come back in, tell us were getting punked, or that we are going to be on "what would you do"....No one came in, no one apologized, we proceeded to leave, we took our animals too Goodyear  Animal Hospital where they were treated like royalty.I'll update you if they have the gall too charge me 12 bucks times two for the horrible office visit.
1	Josh W.Disappointed-- yes in the way the situation went down, you were not there, nor did you attempt to come to the room after the entire situation unfolded.  I have NO REASON TO LIE.I was in the room with my 19 year old daughter and the Dr/Vet Assistant, whomever she was, that was preparing to give my dogs immunizations.  I respect the fact that you want to try and save face, but you weren't there, so there is no need for you to LIE and make it seem like i am a disgruntled client, that is by no means the case.I had NO problem with waiting as long as I did, if i did, then i would have politely left.  I am not bashing your establishment at all in no way, I just came here to share my experience, which happened the way I explained it in my first review.I find your response unflattering, and again, you were not there, so how dare you tell me my review was unflattering, your employees behavior was unflattering.I'm done..
2	If you want affordable vet care, go here. If you want actual service and a friendly attitude, don't go here because you won't get those things.Sometimes it takes an entire week to get a prescription filled - and no, that didn't happen once or twice - it has happened a majority of the time in the past year when trying to get prescriptions refilled for my dogs.I don't know that the affordable care is worth it anymore.
5	The people we have encountered at Sun Valley Hope Animal Hospital have been courteous, knowledgeable, compassionate and caring.  They have been through some of our darkest as well as our happiest hours.  Care recommendations are made for the purpose of honest and best care for the animals.  My mother and I both have taken our furry family members there to be treated and cared for and cannot say enough good about the office, vet techs and veterinarians.  We have a special place in our hearts for all of them.May God Bless and Guide their Hands and Hearts Forever!Kathy Bryant
5	Dr. Burdick is seriously amazing. We ended up being the last patients at the end of the day because of a long wait. When my cat's injuries weren't making sense and it was closing time, she didn't rush us, nor did she skimp on care. She was kind, thorough, and extremely detail oriented. She listened to every word I said, as though my kitty and I were the most important patients in the world and she had nothing but time and resources. When I tearfully told her how limited my resources were, she didn't even blink. She came back with an estimate that was literally hundreds of dollars less than I expected. When it came time for treatment, we ended up needing even less than that! The wait is usually long, that is true, but it is because of attention to detail for every furry kid. Every critter matters there. Sure, you will wait, but so will the person after you because you will be getting the care and attention you can't find anywhere else.
5	Not enough people review when they have a good experience- we are more likely to review when we have a bad experience.  Just internet searching to find the phone number for my appt tomorrow and found it on Yelp.  Thought I'd read some reviews (I have previously brought my dog here for vaccinations and even to have something cut off her ear *minor surgery*).  I LOVE it here.  No glitz or glam - previously with Banfield.  Where they take your money whether something is done or not on their insurance plans. Where it lacks in visual appeal it makes up in professionalism, compassion, and reasonable pricing. I recommend this place to anyone I talk too- especially to people who do not take their pets to the vet b/c they cannot afford the costs.  Well here you go- love and care for your pet, spay, neuter, vaccinate, at a place you can afford.  If you are going to be a animal owner- you have a responisbility to take care of the animal- Sun Valley Hope is a great establishment.  Thank you for all you do!
1	I cannot recommend this establishment.  There no was no personable service, no reduction of costs, and we left there even more confused then when we came in.  We brought in lab who is getting close to 14 years old with sores on his face.  They smell badly and are multiplying.  We knew going in the prognosis would not be good. With my wife losing her employment and money being extremely tight we found this place.  They took us back over an hour late, and she took less than 1 minute to look at the dog.  No looking at his teeth, barely touched him and said it was probably cancer.  We discussed his age and having quality of life with what time he has left and she gave us a price list, almost like cattle call doctoring, of roughly 330 dollars.  She sends in an assistant after she leaves and it staggers to almost 13 hundred dollars.  First they arent putting him out, then they are, then they want to charge us over 200 dollars to do his teeth.  Are you kidding.  On a 14  year old terminal dog.  They charged us 50 dollars for meds that we can get at sams for 4 and my dog wont take it because its a liquid.  This place is  a total disappointment.  We checked reviews but please do your homework and choose a place where your pets are first and not lining someone elses pockets.
