2	This is one of the "Charlotte institutions" that unfortunately has slipped in quality, but people still go there. It must be based on their longevity, but at some point hopefully the owners will realize they need to improve the food quality or else people will choose to eat elsewhere. The food is at best bland and at worst inedible. That is downright sad for a decades-old, family run Italian restaurant.That said, the ambience is quaintly appealing, albeit in a run down sort of way. It's right off I-77 and very close to the Bank of America football stadium--another reason it remains popular.
2	This is one of those places you desperately want to love... the decor is amazing, some strange, psychedelic mixture of saloon meets slightly-cheesy italian... the waitstaff are a bunch of sweethearts, mostly old ladies...and it's been here for something like 60 years, pumping out pizzas and pasta and texas toa-er-garlic bread. But you can't really, because its pretty pricey-- and the food is bad. The combination kills it for you. Your pizza comes out, at a whopping $12 for a smallish two topping, and the crust is Elio's, or something, a poured batter-like pie shell texture crust. The sauce is hardly there, and the cheese is so plasticized, it stretches for feet. Your "greek salad" is $6 and is half a head of iceburg with oddly-flavored diced beets, a small sprinkling of feta, two tomato quarters, and two small olives. I've given it two tries, maybe the third will be different... but I get the feeling the recipes and style of cooking happening here haven't changed in 20 years, and are unlikely to in the near future.
3	Really the place gets 2 stars except I like that campy atmosphere so I gave it three.  Good food but overpriced.  Pretty dead on a Saturday night so that tells you a lot.  Service is ok - maybe a repeat if I need to carb up for a marathon.
1	This place has everything to be a great local Italian place except one thing, good Italian food!  I had the spaghetti with Italian sausage. What I got didn't look like any plate of spaghetti I've ever seen. The sausage was piled on top the meat sauce in ground pile. Poor, poor presentation.  I tasted the pizza and the crust was undercooked and burnt on the edges. Obviously the oven was too hot. My advise, stop in have a drink enjoy the atmosphere then gotlot Olive Garden to eat.
5	What an incredible restaurant!  The food is delicious- I tried the infamous chicken parmagana and am now addicted to chick/parm, constantly trying to find another restaurant which can live up to the OK's dish!What can I say? It's delish!The atmosphere is great, exposed brick, lots of antiques, it's a very vintage feel, and that's because it's been around since 1952!  This is a restaurant that has stood the test of time- which that in itself was enough proof for me to try it out!  And I am very, very glad I did :)
1	Food tasted less than average, kind of Chef Boyardeeish.  The owner complained how business is nothing what it used to be and snuffed at my Groupon and spoke under his breath and complained about people using plastic instead of the good ole days when everyone paid cash!  Go figure.  I won't be back again.
2	Unfortunately being a Charlotte institution does not mean tasty food.Open Kitchen has been around for a while, and it feels like it inside too. I have only found one thing on the menu that is actually edible (grilled chick sandwich). Their tomato sauce is very nasty, tastes like it came straight out of a can. So stay away from anything that has sauce on it (95% of menu). My workplace literally faces the back of OK and it sucks to smell food all day long, but know the taste will never be there.
4	I went here as a kid every time my family visited Charlotte. I've never had a bad experience or bad food. It's family owned and operated, and the recipes are the same as when they first opened. The atmosphere is unique and whimsical with old pictures, toys, menus, college pennants, etc.Their meatballs are unbelievably YUM. And the chicken barcelona is fantastic!!Cozy yet great for groups (they have a large section in the back for groups and overflow), this place has lots of charm and delicious dishes you must try!
2	The Open Kitchen offered decent Italian food, but I wouldn't call it "world famous".  The atmosphere was the best part of my visit.  I loved the brick interior.  The servers were kind and attentive, but it's worth noting that our party of four was served after nearly 20 minutes of waiting, and with only a handful of other guests in the restaurant at the time (weekday for lunch).I ordered the cheese-stuffed cannelloni and I thought it to be an acceptable dish, but I can't say I'd ever go back there again.  I've had better, cheaper Italian elsewhere in Charlotte.
3	For typical, American style, cheese bomb type Italian food, Open Kitchen is great.  For anything resembling real Italian food, look elsewhere.  Open Kitchen is a Charlotte institution that has been there for ages.  The people manning the various positions, cashier, waitress, manager, seem to have been there for ages also.  They are very friendly and at home roaming the spacious Open Kitchen floor.  Ironically, the kitchen is not open, it is back through a narrow hallway.  The lasagna was cheesy, and probably 5 thousand calories, but tasty nonetheless.  It had a hint of Nutmeg which added some nice flavor. As long as you go in with the appropriate expectations and are OK with consuming massive amounts of cheese calories, Open Kitchen is a fine option if you are in the area.  It's not fantastic, it's not awful.  It's just there.
4	Totally shocked by so many of the reviews of the OK! Here is what to get: Garlic cheese bread. It will knock off your socks and change your life. Veal OR chicken Barcelona (I'm talking veal people) but, this is for keeps. Crab meat Parmigiana-has the perfect touch of sherry. Deluxe Grilled Chicken Sandwhich-gives Chick-fil-A a RUN for its money! Add grilled chicken to a small Greek salad with Mama K's famous dressing and you've got one h** of a meal. The ambiance is enchanting.  A collage of old photographs and memorabilia- I don't think anyone can walk into the Open Kitchen without getting a touch of nostalgia. Not enough places like this left in the world today! Oh, and don't forget the cheese bread!
2	Went to the Open Kitchen about a year ago and the inside was very cool, lots of old Charlotte pics. To see how much S Tryon St has changed over the past 60-70 years is amazing. Really like the look/atmosphere of this place.My favorite is Spaghetti so I gave theres a try and it was okay....not to die for, not bad just average. Compared to other restaurants I think they should offer you a little more food then they do but i suppose its about equal to Olive Garden. I was disappointed that they didn't offer any healthy pasta whole wheat replacements.Overall, it was a nice experience....tried something new but I probably won't be going back. I'd recommend someone go there for a meal but I don't think it's going to work itself into one of your regular dine out spots.
3	It's locally owned. The building is old and historic. The inside has a very cool atmosphere.  It's within walking distance of my house.  For all of these reasons, I really, really want to like this place.  However, the food just isn't that great.  I've been three times now and each time I was pretty disappointed with the food.  I've had pizza and two different pasta dishes.  The pizza was alright I guess.  The lasagna was ok too I guess.  However, the alfredo sauce I got with my chicken alfredo was treading closer to the side of thick gravy than alfredo.  Don't even get me started on the bread you receive pre-meal.  I think they just pull it straight out of the bag and put it in a basket.Additionally, the prices do not match the actual food received.  Long story short...I MAY visit Open Kitchen every once and a while...but unless the menu/prices change, I definitely won't be a frequenter.
3	Ok, I must admit that just based on food alone, I would have to give it only 2 stars. However, being a native Charlottean, I can't help but become overwhelmed with nostalgia when I walk in the door.   I have some good memories of coming here with friends & family when I was a kid and that   makes me enjoy the place more than I would otherwise. This is certainly not authentic Italian food by any stretch of the imagination. Like so many restaurants in Charlotte back when I was a kid, this place is owned by a Greek family, so you really are getting Greek-Italian-American food. That usually means over-cooked pasta, sort of bland tomato sauce and loads of cheese. It's not a place I  frequent, but on occasion, its fun to go for a lunch down memory lane.
1	World Famous? OMG...World Famous? I am a lifelong Charlottean and the Open Kitchen of my youth must be in a pod somewhere waiting instructions from the mothership. This place gives restaurants...no...anyplace with a kitchen, a bad name. Terrible greasy smelly cheesy food. Cinnamon or nutmeg or something in the sauce. flimsy plastic cups and paper plates, cold bread. And to top it off the woman at the register was very rude. Come back Mama K.....we need you.
1	I grew up going to this place but will avoid it now. We went there Sunday after a Panthers game. The worst pizza I have had. I told the server. She just said, "I'm sorry you feel that way." The crust isn't made there; it's a cardboard-like bland crust that's brought in. I had 6 pieces of pepperoni on an entire large pizza. It was around $13.When I called to speak to John, the owner, he said people love the pizza and hung up. I called back and eventually he offered to refund my money. At least that was a good move.My advice? Stay at home and fix a ChefBoyArdee pizza. It's about the same. I will give this one star because you can't give a zero. That's was my last visit to Open Kitchen! (Except to get my refund)
5	I really don't know what these reviewers are talking about. I will admit that I grew up going here but continued to until I moved out of state. This was mine and my husband's favorite date spot. I always got a cup of minestrone soup and dipped the bread in it. The lasagna parmesan is to die for and though you might not expect it, they actually do have the best steak in town which they call our best steak that is topped with yummy mushrooms. The service has always been top notch and this is one of the places we are already missing. Please don't let the bad reviews sway you. This place has a very loyal following for a reason. Excellent food and service.
3	Bit of trivia.  Open Kitchen was the first place in North Carolina to serve pizza.  Yes, people traveled near and far to experiment with such "international cuisine." It wasn't all that long ago that PIZZA was unique.   Of course, it wasn't all that long ago that you could see SugarCreek at Dixie Electric Company next to Cinema Blue.  And for you babies whom want to correct me, "The Creek" was originally named SugarCreek and they lived off Carmel Road.   The food as a whole is truly extra-medium; but, walking in the front door is like entering a time warp circa 1974.  Charlotte hasn't done a very good job saving the historical places. . .or bands.  What ever happend to SugarCreek?   Heck, less than 3 blocks away is an empty, leveled field where Coffee Cup used to be.  Sigh.  As such, Open Kitchen is a fun place to go on occasion. Italian:  no.  Go to Villa Antonios for that.  Old Charlotte "Greek Italian" cooking and a tase of history:  yes.  They're nice people and you'll see some fun B&W photos at the cash register.
1	I am baffled that this place is still in business and has a packed parking lot at night. It's dying for Chef Ramsey to come in and do a turnaround on it. It's textbook "We've lost the love of cooking" and now takes the easy way out and used canned everything. Even the "world famous pies" are frozen perfectly round manufactured pizzas with congealed cheese in one gross layer and no flavor. It's like a mini-frisbee with a little cheap pizza sauce and gross elementary school cheese. I ate one of the 8 slices of the pizza and called it quits.The lunch side salad came in a little bowl with iceberg lettuce and an INCH of Italian dressing. Yes, an inch. It was ridiculous.  The lasagna and spaghetti is very generic.  The only thing I can say anything positive about (besides the awesome kitschy interior is the seafood dish with bechamel sauce, but you can only get it once every 2 years for fear of heart attack because it's so rich.  I'm sounding hateful, not because I want them to go away, which I don't but because I want them to reinvigorate their menu to be authentic Italian (or heck, even Greek since they're greek!) I love the place, but it's not enough to get me to eat the food, so that says a lot. I wanted to be a regular, but I just can't stomach it. I might phone up Gordon to save them from themselves...
2	first impressions: the world famous open kitchen has seen better days.  tattered flags, rotted wood trim, faded paint and an overall dilapidated facia greets you in the parking log.  when you get inside, it almost feels nostalgic but the ecclectic nature of it all just made me feel like i was on an episode of american pickers.i was recommended the lasagna if i was hungry, which i was.  the menu appeared to be your basic italian fare with nothing amazing jumping out.the service was good as most the employees had that seasoned waitstaff feel about them.  our food came out relatively quick, which was a plus for lunch service.while my portion was sufficient, there was nothing spectacular about the lasagna.  no real spice or boldness to the sauce.hungry, i cleaned my plate of the blandness, but i don't see myself coming back...
2	This is your standard, old-school red sauce Italian restaurant. It's neither good or bad, really. It's much better than heating up a frozen lasagna, but not as good as a well-run Maggiano's (yes, really). I like it OK - I wouldn't seek it out, but wouldn't have a problem going there - but my GF doesn't.
1	I grew up coming to eat at Open Kitchen. After telling my son how good it is and then being severely disappointed, I doubt I'll ever be back. We ordered a pepperoni pizza. There were 6 slices of pepperoni on it. We counted. The crust is not hand-made but is  frozen store-bought (and I'm not taking about Boboli - that would have been MUCH better!) The sauce is horrible and the service isn't much better. I told my server that the pizza wasn't good. She just mumbled and left the table, no mention to get the manager, nothing. If you like the pizza here, then you will love ChefBoyardee out-of-the-box pizza. I couldn't tell the difference.
2	Meh.  Went here with a coupon, otherwise would have definitely NOT been worth it.  Greek salad was pretty good but nothing else really was.  Cold, generic bread, bland, overcooked spaghetti drowning in butter and canned mushrooms (YUCK), mushy, flavorless meat ravioli.  Service fast but not friendly.  Wouldn't want to eat there again, especially at full price. :/
4	This place has more nostalgia than culinary appeal. My parents used to date here when they first met and now my girlfriend and I do the same. There is one waiter who is a total douche and won't actually do any waiting. Instead, he brings your food out and lets you thirst to death the rest of the meal. The other waitresses are very nice and I enjoy the food. The mama K's pizza and lasagna parmigiana are my staples. It's hard to choose every time we go. This place is in a rough looking part of town, so maybe go for the lunch special if you are wary.
3	I had lived near this place for a year and never made it there.  I'm not sure I'm sad about that either. I used a groupon to go here so I was able to taste appetizers, entrees, wine & desert.  The prices were very reasonable but I wasn't super impressed with the food.Our waitress brought out some bread & breadsticks.  I love my bread so I was sad when it wasn't fresh made, it was definitely bought.  The breadsticks were more like bread crackers that came in little plastic bags just like crackers do.  Nothing to come back for there.I got the lasagna that was described as "put back in the oven with more cheese", and though the lasagna part of the dish was fine - the gobs of cheese and grease weren't really up my alley.We had enough money leftover to get desert so we splurged for cheesecake - with pineapple.  I had never had pineapple cheesecake and now I know why.  It was very gelatin-y and we had to scrape the orange colored "pineapple" off the top.The decorations and the history of the place were neat, and I'm a bit sad I didn't try the famous pizza, but I don't think I'll be going back to try it either.
1	Service was good,  BUT THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE,  MADE ME VIOLENTLY ILL.  I had the '' World famous lasagna''  and as one who makes a mean lasagna,  was NOT impressed with its taste,  but fought thru it anyway,  thinking I was just being overly critical.  Salad was poor,  overall rating should be '' Shut down and make a kiddie playground inside ''  If could give it no stars,  I would...
2	I would love to say that it's the food that gets me in the door... but it's more about the sense of history and nostalgia that captivates you when you walk into the building.The food is okay. Not the absolute best in Charlotte... but also not the absolute worst. The lunch specials are the best deal. Big portions for the price. I can usually get two meals out of whatever I order. They come with a drink and a choice of soup or salad. The salad is a simple bowl of iceberg lettuce. My one must get here is the cheesy garlic bread. I always order a side of marinara to dump it in. Warning: you will be charged extra for that. Lasagna, spaghetti, cannelloni. It's all about the same. If you are not a big fan of massive amounts of melted cheesy goodness.... you may want to stick to the salad section of the menu.But again, it's not so much the food as it is the place. Old-school pictures cover the walls. They even have original menus as part of the decor. Make sure to take a look at the prices from back in the day. They still use an antique register at the front check out counter.This is by no means a must go to spot. But if you're in the neighborhood, stop by for a meal. The place is usually packed for lunch. It's a staple of the city's west side... serving the area for more than 60 years.
5	I grew up in Philly, eating at neighborhood joints that had the same vibe as Open Kitchen, and I've felt right at home every time I've had a meal there.  The last time, however, really went above and beyond.  For starters, my companion and I arrived at 4:45, and the server told us he'd have bread out to us momentarily, as "the bread guy" had just arrived.  When it came, it was crusty and tender on the inside and drank the butter well.As it was tomato season, they had a caprese salad on as an appetizer special, and it was excellent. The tomatoes were thickly cut and very fresh, and the mozzarella was decadently creamy.  My companion went for the fried calamari, which was delicious although to me could have used a touch more salt.  It was properly cooked, which is an achievement in itself.My entree was the real winner.  Braciole is one of those dishes that is easy to make, but hard to make well.  This was stellar.  The salami, prosciutto and Italian sausage were distributed well in the rolled steak, and cooked perfectly. This is one of those old-school dishes, like Oysters Rockefeller, that you don't find on a lot of menus anymore, and that's a sad thing.  My companion, being of a somewhat more pedestrian bent, had the lasagna, and it was tasty.  I haven't been much of a lasagna guy since I discovered the Latin version, Pastelon, which uses plantains in place of noodles and tons of chorizo.  With cold Peroni in abundance, this was a truly excellent meal.  It's working-class Italian food done with an attention to detail.  Look at it this way: You're going to spend far less than you would at Olive Garden (may they rot) and get FAR better food.
3	Got a Groupon, went and it's Ok! Ravioli was very meaty,  pizza crust was not fresh,  AT ALL, to top it off, the drinks came in PLASTIC CUPS. The best thing about the night was the waitress, she's was hilarious.
2	Within one week, I had 3 different individuals mention this restaurant to me - raved about the authentic Italian food.  My parents are off-the-boat Italian.  I know authentic Italian.  This wasn't it.  It seemed that everything had a twist to authentic.  The Italian antipasto salad was good.  For the entree, I had the eggplant parmigiana.  It was floating in oil and cheese.  I ate as much of the eggplant and meat as I could dig out.  The bread basket had variety but the sliced bread was non-descript.  Thank goodness for Groupon!
4	Groupon led me in and I was real anxious to try it. I'd driven by it for years on the way to Charlotte and the curiosity led me to buy a Groupon for half off. I was very pleased. The food had a lot of flavor. I had the egg plant dish and it was the best I'd had. There spaghetti sauce was liken to an old family recipe. Their cheese bread complimented the meal beautifully. The atmosphere made it much better, it was a homey place with artsy designs and the staff were very welcoming and helpful. I'd love to go back soon, I'd say the food was very authentic just like the owners.
4	Finally made it here for lunch.  Atmosphere is Old School nostalgic and cool for sure.  Service was quick.  The food (chicken parm) was good.  A little pricey for lunch but they did have other lunch special offerings if price was my biggest concern.  I will definitely bring my wife for dinner.
5	My husband and I have eaten here a few times for lunch and had excellent service and food.  But Saturday we enjoyed a dinner, they were pretty packed but sat us pretty quickly.  We love the atmosphere very romantic and homey and old school.  The service was superb.  The food was excellent, the simplicity of it works well.  You don't need fancy names or ingredients, we both got veal dishes and they were AH-MAZING!!  The spaghetti was yummy and the marinara, what can I say.  Give it a try.. We will def be going back. :-)
4	Came here with a group for a friend's birthday.  We decided we wanted to do family-style so we ordered some appetizers, salads, and entrees.  Our server was spot-on with service and recommendations.  Often times groups are hard to manage and the food takes very long, but not in this case!  My tea stayed full and when we left our bellies were all full.They had some interesting items on the menu and if I ever decide to try liver it will definitely be here!
2	Tour de Italia de Food Lion..Great place if you want to explore the wonders of canned and frozen Italian cuisine! I had the chicken Barcelona, featuring canned mushrooms, an unnaturally generous helping of what can be best described as "sketchy meat grease," and something extra on the side I didn't remember seeing on the menu: canned, unflavored tomato paste.   I was perplexed.   Until my girl friend got her manicotti dish; which correctly featured the canned unflavored tomato paste but had a seemingly random addition of the canned mushrooms.  Something like this must have gone through their heads to reach an epiphany reserved for the great Italian philosophers: "well, we opened the can of mushrooms and there's still a third left, that's 25 cent worth.  And we opened this big can of tomato paste with at least 30 cents worth left... I have an idea - lets RANDOMLY ADD THE CANNED INGREDIENTS TO BOTH DISHES AND SAVE 55 CENTS!!Enjoy, the frozen cheesy garlic bread actually was quite good!
2	We decided to pop into the open kitchen for lunch.  Our server was very prompt in taking our order, but as with our past experience, their servers are not super personable.  We order cannelloni and lasagna as part of the lunch specials.  Both of our pastas were on the mushy side.  You would have been hard pressed to find some ricotta in the lasagna as well.  I've had other good meals in the past, so I would really like to see this place get back online with the good stuff.  I know they are capable.  I'll give it another 6 months and try again.
5	My family and I have been going to the Open Kitchen for years now.  We always get great service and the food is sooo good.  I highly recommend the Veal Juliana, there's nothing else in the world like it.
1	I used a groupon and still felt like they should have paid me to ingest this greasy, canned, smelly, revolting garbage.  It astounding that this dump is still open.  It's gotta be a nostalgia thing with people who have fond memories of this bastion of canned and frozen cuisine from their younger years.  The clientele appeared to be, uh, rather obes.  So maybe it's the massive portions of high carb/fat that keeps these heifers coming through the door to graze?  A BMI that high does not come without putting in some effort!The "meat" in my dish was some greasy lips and assholes.  I tried to get by the visual and get a forkful into my mouth.  Needless to say, this was a mistake.  And to finish up this Tour de Food Lion, the owner at checkout was a rude.  When my friend and I tried to split the bill with two credit cards he said "Oh come on.  You are killing me!".  My response was "Yeah, the feces on a plate that you call food is killing me!".  He did not appreciate that.  Not at all.  And I could not have given less of a shit!
2	The main reason for 2 stars is the decor, good grief it's a visual carnival inside. I love the mash up of nutty stuff collected over the past 62 years. Too bad the food is so bad.  I had a small side salad to start which the waiter described as Greek. Well it had cut up canned pickled beets on iceberg lettuce. Just odd. He brought a side of bread, wow Lance prepackaged breadsticks!  I had no idea they still made those things. I think Sysco foods is making a killing here. For the pizza, ugh. Just bad. Frozen dough with chopped vegetables on it, little or no sauce. Tasteless is really the only way to describe it. It's really a shame because the location is so great. Feels like a family business that they have had so long, they lost the passion.
4	I worked here for 3 years give or take so I can claim expert status on this review.Sausage Crumbles and the Marinara on the lasagna are way better than the normal meat sauce. The Meatballs are hit or miss depending on who makes them.Eggplant Parm is insanely good and my all time favorite.Sweet Tea is insanely sweetChicken Parm is great for low carb but not low fat.The Barcelona is great! but you better like melted butter because there is a half a stick of butter on your plate. and no, it is not butter like substitute, it really is butter from an actual stick.  The Ranch, Blue Cheese, 1000, and French are all home made dressings as is the Mama Ks but your side salad is not going to be some dolled up salad so don't expect it.   Both the marinara and the meat sauce are home made. Yes the place is old and a bit dusty but if you can name one restaurant in charlotte that has been opened for 60 years consecutively that isn't, I will eat my words.   *no pun intended.     Thats my review folks!
