3	Wow, the first review of this was particularly scathing.  I have been here a number of times in my adult life and have enjoyed each one.  Fair enough, there's nothing really to do there apart from walk out and walk back, but what do you expect!  It's an island!  On that note, it's always worth checking the tide times before you do head across, as there would be nothing worse than having to call the coastguard out.  It is a fair walk across, along a path that is not of great quality, but this should be expected with the amount of time that it is probably submerged!On a sunny day, this is a great place to go, and gives you a good view out into the Forth and across to Fife and beyond.  I have also been on a foggy day, when it is not as nice.  But then that's Scotland for you!  It's completely free to visit, and well worth the walk out in my opinion.
4	Cramond as a wee village/neighborhood is beautiful.  It has a beach, a pub, a river, and woodland walks.  It also has Cramond Island.I think Cramond Island is pretty cool, but then I love walking/hiking exploring abandoned buildings/ruins.  You can reach the island on a walkway that's only exposed during low tide.  Fortunately the coast guard (probably tired of having to pick folk up who got trapped) has posted times when the "island" is accessible. In my opinion it's definitely worth a bit of exploring on a sunny afternoon, as long as you keep an eye on the time!
4	Cramond is a great place to go if you want to forget that you live in the city. We are pretty spoilt by such delights though in Edinburgh: arthur's seat, the meadows, salisbury crags, princes street gardens etc... Sometimes it's nice to get close to a great body of water though. It always seem as though there should be a great impressive river between the royal mile and Princes street; instead there is a massive train track. This is not a terrible thing, but coming from a small seaside town, sometimes I miss water. Portabello and Cramond fill this void. I have yet to go to Portabello, though I have been to Cramond a couple of times, and it  is an incredibly attractive little village when the sun comes out. The island with the disappearing walk way offers a thrill. Don't get stuck there, read the tide times. There are no shops or amenities there, so you'd likely be hungry, lonely and cold for a couple of hours... The walkway provides a pretty walk, one can see the fife and several buildings along the bank. Once on the island, you can take a walk around, enjoy the quiet and tranquillity, hopefully avoid getting blown away by wind, and potentially see dolphins and porpoises if you wait patiently. Don't wait too patiently, or as already mentioned, you will get temporarily marooned. This is a great destination for a Sunday day out with friends, for a couple, or the family. It is also well linked to Edinburgh by the 41 bus.
4	Walk off the mainland...Do not get caught by the tides...Wonderful wildlife!
4	First time I got there, walkway was under the water. Plan your trip!Second time it was raining all morning...  I was cold and wet and didn't enjoy this. Waterproof boots recommended.I believe it's more beautiful to visit the Cramond Island on a sunny day. To relax and see the view from the island and feel the salty wind.
