4	Large bar at Fountainbridge complex , serves good traditional food and usually has specials meal deals , very large selection of drinks and has good atmosphere given it's large size. Ample parking at complex if taking your car.
4	Sometimes if I am early for a movie, or after the movie is finished I might pop in here for a drink as it is located right next to Cineworld. It has a similar feel to a Wetherspoons pub, although as far as I am aware it isn't one. Big comfy chairs, cheapish drinks and cheap food. I haven't eaten here so can't comment on how the food tastes, but the menu is your typical pub food. Having seen food pass me by for other tables it does actually look quite good and good sized portions. It gets quite busy in here with people going for something to eat after work or before the cinema so I guess it must be quite good.According to my friend who drinks ales they do a good selection, but I don't even know what an ale is so I can't comment. Overall its a good reliable, spacious bar for a cheap drink and some cheap grub before heading off to the overpriced cinema.
4	As the saying goes, you get what you pay for, but at McCowans they ensure that you get every penny's worth.  The food is hardly award winning, but it's inexpensive, served hot (unless you asked for cold!), and fills the hole when needed; comparatively this is not too dissimilar to JD Wetherspoons.  They offer the usual selection of beers, lagers, wines and spirits; however, they also server tea and coffee, and maintain a very limited selection of real ale's, though I don't recommend getting too excited by that prospect.The staff are friendly and well presented, and the premises kept clean.  They have a main bar and seating on the ground level and, as far as I'm aware, they show most major sporting matches on the TV.  They also have an upper level with additional seating and smaller bar that they open during busier periods, and outdoor seating for summer...though these are generally taken up by smokers and I don't really recommend sitting there if you aren't one.My only complaint is that, on occasions, the music can suddenly become very loud.  Friday and Saturday evening's are the obvious times when this will happen, but I have sometime's found myself sitting to a quick drink with friends before a movie during a weekday afternoon to suddenly find I can't hear myself think, let alone have a conversation.
3	Quick burger before IMAX.Nothing special but service was fine, drinks cold, and burger tasty. Beats the hell out of McDonalds or Burger King.Took advantage of the ~five quid special of a drink and a beef burger.. beats paying ~twenty quid for stale popcorn at the cinema :)
3	Certain pubs are designed to meet a requirement, McCowans is one of them. The requirement I refer to is a meeting point before venturing to the cinema. In this respect it is ideal; decent food, reasonable beer/ales and quick enough service.What it isn't is a pub I would want to spend an entire evening in. It feels a little soulless, perhaps due to a limitation of location, fountain park in many ways defining the feel...Don't discount it, it is a good starting location (preferable to Nandos or Pizza Hut) but will likely never be more than that. It is a decent chain pub, serving a purpose and doing it well enough accept it at face value and enjoy your food and a quick drink.
4	Great burgers and service. Definitely a fan and would go back if in the area again. Generous portion size and our burgers (chicken-cheese-bacon and the original stacker--two patties, rashers, and a fried egg) were tasty and fresh.
3	Just about what you would expect from a chain pub on an out-of-town entertainment complex, the bonus being the real ales are slightly better than the norm. Think Wetherspoons clone and you get the idea. Never expect the food to be anything other than microwaved fare and you won't be disappointed. It fills a gap in the market in an underserved area of town.
3	This is a Brewhouse and it is cheap. Don't let those 2 facts let you decide it is not worth a visit, as it it is well worth it. They have real ales and Scottish fare on offer.The pub is big, bright and airy. I always go here when meeting friends before a film or bowling. There are video gambling machines - that does always puts me off a bit. I have not eaten here, but the food supplied looks simple and fresh. I find the staff is very friendly, but could be a little more efficient. There is no "wow factor" or unique character to this bar, but I don't think a place as this is actually going for that. Good place to start for a evening out to the cinema, dinner etc..
