5	Yay for a local coffee chain with character and good caffeinated beverages!  The atmosphere is great here: calm, not too crowded--basically a great place to nurse your coffee while you study.  I think the wireless is free, which is a big plus.  Also a plus: there's a little video rental place in the back with some great DVDs.
3	Here's a good place to experience Bloomfield. This cafe has really made it to the level of all ages, most types cafe hang out spot. Coffee is okay. There is actually a drink called the crazy mocha which has more sugar in it than you really need. Service is whatever- nice enough but the baristas are usually busy socializing- which is sometimes annoying and sometimes gives the cafe that familiar touch. Atmosphere is solidly mediocre. Dreaming Ant movie shop in the back is a ++.
3	Not really sure why everybody's so nuts about this place. Although I have to say, their turnovers are sweet (but not too sweet) and flakey and fantastic but other than that, nothing really wowed me.
5	Stopped by here on a recent trip to Pittsburgh... liked it so much I snuck another trip in the morning we left! The barista was very friendly and accommodating, she had no problem doing special requests with drinks. The atmosphere was just the right mix of relaxing and funky-- The walls are decorated with handmade art pieces from [I'm assuming] one collection, and the pieces are unique and really blend well together with the character of the building. The floors are hardwood, which doesn't seem like it would be a big deal, but I believe it really adds something.The first time we went, I had a peppermint-almond French soda ((don't knock it till ya try it; they're amazing)), and a friend of mine had a white hot chocolate, which was so good that I HAD to get it the next time. The second time, we went in early in the morning, and I was happy to see a place open at 7am-- you'd be surprised how many places here in MI aren't open till 8 or 9! This time, I had the white hot chocolate and spent a minute or two perusing their many kinds of biscotti. There were so many, and they all looked so good! A nice change from the usual chocolate-plain-or-vanilla that you get elsewhere. I had an orange-cranberry... it may have had vanilla, but I honestly can't recall. At any rate, it went incredibly with my drink, and I've been craving the combination ever since.I agree with the statement that the place is great for people of all ages and walks of life to hang out, and I'm definitely looking forward to coming back when I move to Pittsburgh in the fall. Thanks for adding to the great memories, Crazy Mocha!
4	I had the opportunity to stop by the Crazy Mocha in Bloomfield the other night.   I've been in this place many a times and have always had a good cup of coffee.  "Not Starbucks" coffee, good coffee.Good for a late night cup.
4	Oh Crazy Mocha, you're on the other end of Bloomfield and your caramel lattes are worth the walk down to that end of the neighborhood from my house on Sunday mornings. One of my favorite parts of the Bloomfield Crazy Mocha are the clientele. I've spent many an afternoon and evening sitting inside and out drawing, reading, and sipping on something delicious and caffeinated. This place becomes a regular hang out for all manner of people in the evenings in the summer. Although I can't imagine any of those people ever sleep if they're at CM drinking coffee at 10PM most days. Walking by here is always interesting. The employees are friendly almost all of the time, although I can recall once or twice where a barista became snippy with me because I wasn't 100% correct on how I ordered my drink. The fact that the coffee shop is attached to the best video store in town (Are they still called video stores? Is my age showing?) doesn't hurt either. The ability to get a great coffee drink/pastry, people watch and sketch for hours, then grab a weird new DVD and walk home is the best. The prices are where they should be and even though it's a chain coffee shop it's a PITTSBURGH chain coffee shop which is what keeps me coming back.
1	I tend to gravitate toward non-Starbucks coffee places...I worked at Starbucks myself and several other cafes as well, so I like to patronize local shops. I would love Crazy Mocha if it were any good. Unfortunately, upon visiting this particular location several times and ending up feeling ill after drinking their lattes, I'm giving up on them. I have a feeling they are leaving milk sitting on the counter till it's above a safe temperature and/or resteaming their milk over and over again. On top of that, the creamer they sit on their counters is not in a insulated carafe, they just sit a carton of half and half on the counter, which is disgusting. On top of THAT their employees are almost always apathetic, if not downright rude and SLOW beyond belief. God forbid a barista there know how to prepare multiple drinks at once. But at the same time, why do they care, they only get paid minimum wage. At least I know my drink from Starbucks will not make me throw up.
3	I want to be clear, this review is only for the Bloomfield Crazy Mocha. The coffee is not great, which is why I'm only reviewing this crazy mocha.  This crazy mocha has something more than the bad coffee the other crazy mochas have.  This crazy mocha has attitude.  Great local art, filled with nice people, and partially inhabited by a great dvd rental store.  The dvd rental store, which i don't use because of netfilx, has an amazing selection of independent, vintage, foreign, and exploitation films.  Go here if you're bored on the east end or out on the bloomfield strip with minutes to spare.
4	Sweet all around: a perfect dirty soy chai, tantalizing array of cakes by the slice, and endearing service. For a chain/franchise, I am very surprised at how seemingly "independent" this specific location is. From the art on the walls to the purposely layered wallpaper that is torn &ripped to reveal layers of contrasting patterns, finally on to the chalkboard and hand-written menus. It's a Win!
2	I really dislike this location solely based on staff alone. The two girls that work at this location are unfriendly and as unapproachable as can be. I've never dealt with people who felt like you're bothering THEM by asking them to do their jobs. Do your job with a smile on your face. Not to mention stale cake is an absolute fail.Completely over this location.
5	Coffee is always frrrresh! Love the bigg cookies:) and the best coffee is a carmal latte hot or cold!
2	Very cool set up for this Crazy Mocha.  It's attached to the Dreaming Ant, which is a DVD rental shop  What a cool concept to come, grab a drink and pick out a movie, you're entertained for hours!  The store itself is pretty cool with unique artwork on the walls and almost 3-D like mural of Pittsburgh in a loft area in the front.Why the low stars?Not surprising...but it's not friendly service.  Not surprising because it seems that every Crazy Mocha I visit has unhappy employees.  You know what, I get it.  I worked as a Barista for almost 5 years.  But the thing is, when people are nice to you, the right thing to do is be nice back.  Not here.  You get short and sometimes even questioning attitude back.  It's really unfortunate considering a coffee shop's whole idea is for you to grab a brew and relax.  My hope is for someone to step and crap some whips, make people perk up a bit....maybe have some coffee and chill??
2	Making a shot of espresso is not hard. But none of the baristas here know how to do it or they are too lazy. To make a proper shot, the coffee grounds must be firmly compressed. This requires the barista to fill, then tap, then fill again, and tap again. If this is not done, the espresso gets burnt. If you are drinking a sugary coffee drink, this may not bother you.As a whole, the drip coffee is usually just ok. But lately it has started to tasted really burnt. Might I suggest cleaning with vinegar.The service is hit or miss.
2	Coffee is drinkable but the barista totally hate customers and don't know anything about making coffee. If you ask for cream when they are out, they say ok and then go back their conversation they've got going with the same old guy that hangs there all day. Used to live near here and the same baristas are always awful and I always swore to myself I'd go to Starbucks instead. Sad to say. adpfeedback@adp.com
4	They're a little expensive for what it is, but I liked my Chai Latte and a piece of the Black Widow cake. The ambience is really laid back, and the patrons are friendly and erudite I'd say. Cool place to chill that isn't a bar. You can even rent DVD's here.
5	Why are the reviews for this place so bad? I love it! This may be my favorite Crazy Mocha location. It's small and intimate, and on a corner right off of Liberty. This is maybe 5 blocks away from my house, and I walk over at least a couple times a week for a coffee, maybe one of the huge AMAZING cookies, and to sit down and do some work. The people who frequent here are cool, and the baristas are always laid back and helpful (the service isn't bad!). I do most of my work out of coffee shops, and I think I've visited almost every single shop on the East End- and I think that this is one of the best establishments around. I will continue to hang out there to escape to freezing temps in my house!
4	Cute location with all of the typical coffee shop fare. It was nice to see yogurt and oats in addition to all of the sugary carbs. The coffee was quite good. My favorite drink isn't on the menu, but the barista knew what it was and successfully made it. Great service | Good coffee | Good atmosphere
