1	I contracted with this business through Living Social.  They got to my house and decided I had a "hazardous waste" issue because of my cats. I had asked the owner to contact me via cell on that day should any issues arise but instead I was informed through email without much detail (an did not see it until several days later).  In the meantime, I contacted the owner 3 times via phone to find out why my house was not cleaned and NEVER received a response.  I find their lack of professionalism appalling and would urge everyone (particularly pet owners) to avoid this business at all costs. It's not the issues that were raised, it's the failure to return a call to a very reasonable potential customer.  This could have been worked out with a simple conversation.  Instead I am out money and left with a very bad taste in my mouth for Valley Maid.
5	Valley Maids was a lifesaver for me.  My Mom in Sun City recently had surgery and I hired Valley Maids to clean her house while she recuperated.  Valley Maids did a fantastic job and my Mom raved about them, and believe me, my Mom is one tough person to please.  They sent over a wonderful cleaning lady named Deni who was very professional and even made my Mom a sandwich and a cup of tea.  I was very happy to know that my Mom did not have to worry about cleaning the house and could focus instead on just getting better from her surgery.  Then, when I went to visit my Mom I was thrilled to see how clean Valley Maids was able to make her home.  In fact, Mom's house has never looked cleaner.  I guess Mom's eyesight isn't what it used to be, so now instead of Mom cleaning the house I have arranged for Valley Maids to come clean Mom's house every week from now on.Overall a very good experience with Valley Maids.  When you book your appointment, be sure to ask for Deni!  She is the best!
5	They are under new ownership.My experience with new management has been outstanding.  Excellent service and cleaning.
1	Zero stars!  Would have left no stars but was required to mark one to get the post to accept.The worst cleaning and horrible customer service.  We bought a house in Anthem and the seller arranged for a cleaning for $150.00.  The house was still filthy and it took several times before the owner of the company would answer the phone.  He agreed to come out to the house and complained and argued and swore about how the seller left the house a mess.  He refused to redo the job.  Say what???As an added bonus, his cleaners completed the invoice checking off the 'work' done...we laughed because there are no carpets and no furniture and yet the form states the carpets were vacuumed and the sofa cushions cleaned underneath.  We could see the filth and the dirt everywhere and the checklist indicates a very thorough cleaning.
5	Great service!  I am so very pleased.  They did a wonderful job and my entire experience with the service, company, and value was very pleasant.  Custom tailored, fast and reliable service.  My expectation were met, and exceeded by the wonderful company.  I will recommend Valley Maid to any friends looking for a home cleaning. Thanks!  :0)
