4	Great Coffee shop.  Love the coffee, wife loves the tea.  Also have a small gift shop that has been helpful at times and seems to sell some nice little things that ladies love.   They have good pastries and deserts but I like to have a sandwich and cup of coffee.   Sometimes they have music on Friday nights but that has been a while since I have gone for that.
1	In a world of chain coffee houses, I always like to check out a local joint. I found this place through a friend. He warned me the owner was a bit of an eccentric and could be a pretty down right rude. So I stopped by one night. The place was empty, the man standing behind the counter was fixing a piece of equipment. So I stood there and read the menu. Three minutes later I was still standing there. We'd made eye contact twice, so he knew I was there. A battle of wills came about, I think he was hoping I'd leave, but I stood my ground. He was going to wait on me. Finally he turned around and asked what I would like to drink, I choose a cup of brewed coffee, the boldest blend he had."Oh, I have to make fresh, should be 5 minutes." No problem, I've waited this long already, he shot me a pretty dirty look with that zing! This guy was downright unfriendly and rude. I got my coffee and took a sip, not bad, bold without being bitter. I forget the brand of coffee he uses, doesn't matter because I'm not coming back.
4	Nice place to stop and relax.  Andre and the staff are so friendly.  Even played checkers with me and kicked my bottommmmm.   There is a table to play checkers or chess if you are in the mood.Had a very good lunch, cup of wedding soup and turkey sandwich.   Have some nice deserts but did not have one today.
5	I have been to For All Seasons 5 times now, everytime I've went I've tried a different drink and sandwich and it's all been wonderful not to mention reasonably priced. Their deli style sandwiches are freshly made and delicious. They also serve breakfast! Not only do they have a wide variety of muffins and scones but they make waffles and pancakes right in front of you! Soooo good. And as for the service mentioned below... I've met the owner and he has been nothing but very friendly with me, always greeting me when I walk in and saying bye and thank you when I leave. I really can't say anything bad about the service or people working there...Oh ya, forgot to mention. They sell all sorts of gift items there as well, from jewelery to steelers gear! Gets 2 thumbs up in my books!
5	I love this place!  The staff is friendly, the food is delicious and the gift selection is great!  Definitely will be going back.
5	The staff at for all seasons was very friendly and inviting. Had an espresso, chicken salad sandwich, blt w/ egg, and broccoli and cheese soup. The sandwiches were very fresh and the soup. Tasted homemade, hot and delicious. The owner also was very thankful for our business. I will definitely be going back.
