4	They shut down the old Krispy Kreme in this area and for a while I mourned the loss... though my arteries thanked me. *sigh.. SO I guess they decided to open one up a new one in an even more convenient location (right across the movie theaters) - so now when you come out of a movie and you haven't gotten enough over-priced popcorn, soda, and movie nachos, you can just walk across and buy a dozen donuts you don't need. Because you will buy a dozen. Like I did...But whether you just got out of a movie or are actually planning to get donuts, it's worth it to stop in and hang out for a bit. You can see the people behind the counter making the donuts and there is actually a little milk/coffee bar. Oh, and be sure to pick up a Krispy Kreme hat for the kiddies.
4	Is there much to say about this place people don't already know?Yes, as much as a dollar a doughnut is pretty steep, but who can complain when you see them coming fresh off the conveyor belt? I don't think anything compares to watching the glaze harden between your fingers as you take the first bite.WTF about that kids meal though. Two doughnuts and a bottle of sugary milk? You want your kid to bounce off the walls all week? Anyways, good product, good location. I'm a fan!
2	The return of krispy kreme is less than good..employees don't give a crap, menu is smaller, kinda ghetto
1	over-rated, air-inflated garbage.
3	I prefer Dunkin Donuts, however, Krispy Kreme isn't bad! I really love watching them make the donuts, it's pretty intriguing. I am not fond of the location, however this building is much more fitting for Krispy Kreme than the other one where Corner Bakery Cafe now stands. It's probably a good thing for those movie-goers who are craving something sweet right after catching a flick.
4	I am not a donut fan. I don't really care much about Krispy Kreme either, but I did try to go in there twice over the weekend, once they were closed (it was 10:15pm) but they had just closed. I thought that it's pretty cool for a place like that to be open so late with all of the other stuff around so thumbs up for that. And then a couple days later we made it in and had pretty good service.
2	These donuts don't taste good anymore. They have an aftertaste like they are using a different type of oil
