4	"Purple haze all in my brain, lately things just don't seem the same. Actin' funny, but I don't know why. 'Scuse me while I kiss the sky..."The Haze is here! And, although I think the name might be a little misleading in a college town (hazing, anyone?), I'm mighty impressed with the new Kushi Bar reincarnation. Apparently, "haze" is a reference to the smoke coming from a bbq smoker. Today was their opening day, so I popped in for a late lunch and was immediately greeted by a very knowledgeable server and GIANT blackboard of BBQ options. You order at the counter, give your name, and find a seat. The seating and a lot of the decor/woodwork hasn't changed from Kushi Bar days. One note on the blackboard? It's cool, I like it. But there are so many different "chalk fonts" on the board, it's a little chaotic and somewhat difficult to navigate.I already knew that I wanted to try a Bahn Mi sandwich ($7.99), but I wasn't prepared for all the options of sides! Out of house-cut fries, cole slaw, vegetarian beans, potato salad, spiced sweet potatoes, and Brussels sprouts, I chose the sprouts. Huh? I did what? Well, I happen to love those ugly little green things. And at The Haze, they're lovingly braised in lots of butter. So, back to the actual sandwich. Tender, flavorful, moist pulled pork paired with a pork pate on a french bread roll. Porktacular! Since I moved to Madison a few months ago, I've been afraid that I would transform into half cheese. Now I know what the other half will be: pork. The bahn mi featured delicious pickled vegetables and fresh cilantro, along with jalapeno peppers. The Haze makes all their own pickles, but the jalapeno peppers looked like the canned variety. Please, may we have fresh peppers? The bread roll was a little tough for my tastes, but sometimes I don't eat the roll anyway.I'm only throwing out four ninja Yelp stars for now, until I have a chance to go back for dinner and try their big plates. To order, you pick a meat, then pick Eastern or Western style, then two sides. For example, you could get spicy miso brisket served with rice OR you could go American and get dry rubbed brisket with Texas toast. Yee haw! Shoot, I think I'll just go back tonight for dinner, ya'll.
4	after living in the south - we pride ourselves on knowing good barbeque and THIS IS IT. really enjoyed our meal and the staff at Haze and plan to go back soon. the brisket was perfect, the sauces were very tasty and i've been craving the homemade pickles since we left. looking forward to our next visit. 4/5 stars b/c even though it is a bbq joint, i'd kinda like table service since i'm paying table service prices. other than that - love it!
5	Pork bahn mi.  Love it.  Like I love almost all things pork.
4	I've been to The Haze a couple of times now and walked past it both times. The signage kind of blends in, maybe an homage to those little restaurants in Japan with little or no signage.I give the BBQ dishes here 3 stars, but the sides get 5, which I figure to be an average of 4. There's little smokiness to the meat (I've had both the pork ribs and the chicken - the ribs were better), but the sauce was decent. The real stars were the interesting sides, many of them local and seasonal. Homemade pickles, tart and fresh, baked beans reminiscent of a classed up "calico bean" recipe, hominy, potato salad - all winners.Nice selection of beer for a modest number of taps. Congrats on not only picking quality breweries, but also a nice range of styles on the 4 or 5 taps they have (can't remember the exact number, I may have sampled all of them in the same night).Would this be the place to satisfy my BBQ craving? Probably not, but I haven't found a local joint that has wowed me yet (I buy extra sides of baby back ribs at Jim's Rib Haven in Rock Island until I can find a worthy replacement). The Haze would be the place I'd stop for some appetizers and a couple of beers with friends though. Too bad their pouteine (french fries covered in melted cheese curds and gravy - the national dish of Canada) is only available from 3 pm to 6 pm.
4	Super delicious.  Definitely get the celery root mash!Huge portions: I certainly could have come home full with a nice lunch for the next day...  But it was just so yummy, I couldn't stop myself.  Be prepared for a fairly long wait on a Friday night - they told me 45 mins, and I ended up waiting about 20 for 2 seats the bar.  The nice thing was that they took my cell phone number so I didn't have to stand around the whole time - and in the end, the bar was a perfectly pleasant place to eat.
3	OK is the right sentiment.  I've been to the Haze twice and I think twice is enough that I wouldn't vote to return here.  I really enjoyed the Kushi bar that was there before so I'm a bit sad that the Haze is what replaced it.  The food is okay.  It's not bad but I'm not wowed by it.  Each meat comes with a choice of an eastern flavoring or a western flavoring.  Both seem to be creative takes on barbequed meats.  I ordered the brisket and the sausage, both times with eastern style.  And both times, I'm not wowed or intrigued by the flavors.  It sounds better on paper than it does in the mouth and usually I prefer the other way around.  I prefer something to not sound as appetizing on paper and then for it to taste amazing.  The waiters are nice, though service is a bit confusing.  Do I seat myself?  Do I get my own silverware?  Do I pick up my food when it's ready or is the server going to bring it to me?  Do I have a server?  Does tip go in the jar or on the table?  Should I clear my table afterward?  I haven't tried the Banh Mi yet and this may be the only reason I come back and give this place one last go.
1	Maybe I just had a one-off bad experience, but I had the most disappointing meal in quite some time. My pork was lukewarm and flavorless -almost tasted a bit soupy. The rest of my food was pretty cold.Overall, it reminded me of dorm food.I'd be willing to give them a second chance, but I'll need some convincing.
3	the best thing at this restaurant is the Vietnamese pork banh mi lunch specials.Get the lemongrass-infused sausage (pork) and a side of asparagus or whtaever seasonal veggies they have on the menu.I'm used to banh mi costing me $2.50, but that's in a different US regional context.Nice interior, I knew it as the former site of Sushi Muramoto's, which I adore. These are managed by the same owners, me thinks.The BBQ could be better, given it's Madison.
2	The food was okay.  The servers were not interested in selling much.  The bartender/server was very timid and almost afraid to speak up and tell us what tap beers were available. Also, we were a party of three at the bar having appetizers and she kept asking us if we wanted separate checks even though we said no.  The menu is on a chalkboard on one side of the restaurant. If you sitting at the bar, you cannot read it well given its position and the glare.  There is no written menu.  This could all be overlooked if the restaurant did well in other areas.  Unfortunately, it does not. I hope they get better help who really understand the important role they play in people actually enjoying their time there, as well as the food and beverages served.
3	the bbq w/ classic sauce is pretty good. sometimes they're a little overcooked though. the banh mi sandwiches did not live up to their reviews. i've had authentic banh mi and this one wasn't it. definitely didn't even taste like a banh mi sandwich. probably won't come back too often, maybe only for the ribs.
5	Stop the insanity! I'm not sure why The Haze has been hit with so many mediocre reviews here, because I really think it's one of the coolest and most innovative BBQ places I've ever been to. Pick your choice of meat, then have it prepared Eastern-style or Western-style (accompanied by either rice or Texas toast) - what could be simpler yet more brilliant than that? And the food is excellent - similar to the standards of the other Muramoto restaurants but at a lower price, while still maintaining locally-sourced ingredients.  I suspect that to a lot of people out there, BBQ means dousing a piece of meat in brownish-red glop and throwing it on the grill. Maybe they're just not comfortable with this alternative take. Or maybe it's high expectations, or jealousy at the Muramoto chain's success: I don't know! I probably would've given 4.5 stars instead of 5 if I could, but there is NO WAY this place deserves to average 3 stars! I'd hate to lose one of my favorite restaurants because of a bunch of knuckleheads.
5	Went last night with a group of girlfriends after we ditched Restaurant Muramoto for their hour and a half wait. I was sad to see not many people there, because the food we got was OUTSTANDING.  I had the Bahn Mi, which is a favorite of mine anyway, and had one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Had the seasonal said (noodle salad) and the french fries which were the best I've had in Madison.  Everyone at the table had something different and everyone was impressed with the amount and quality of food, especially for the reasonable prices.  We also had the fried pickles appetizer, which while insanely salty, were so delicious I almost licked the bowl.The ambience wasn't 100% (lights were a little bright) but service was excellent.  For $95, six of us drank, ate, and had an appetizer. Can't wait to go back!  Love the mix of flavors.
1	First visit in the summer of 2010 was very good.  However, the menu is completely different now (the old east-west BBQ concept has been thoroughly filtered out) and now there is a wait staff.  The chicken is bad in more ways than one (dry and horribly seasoned for the BBQ sauces).  The pulled pork is ave at best.  Mashed potatoes were just bad (Garlicy & sweet w/o any noticeable seasoning).  I will never be back after this experience.
1	Tonight was my third experience at the Haze and it was horrible! The last two times I went I ordered at the counter, which I really liked. Now there are servers. Even worse was the menu...before there was the eastern versus western BBQ or a mixture of both..now there aren't as many options and you can't choose which BBQ you want with each meat selection, which was extremely disappointing!!!  So once I was moving on from these disappointments my food came and I was just pissed at that point. I ordered chicken with their dry rub and when it came out it looked unappetizing! It was dry and I could only taste rosemary, which completely doesn't fit with the BBQ theme! I tried all 4 BBq sauces and didn't like any of them, especially disliked the vinegar sauce! Overall it is the worst food I have eaten at a Madison restaurant in years! Not sure why management changed everything but they completely lost my business! Don't waste your money!
5	Ban Me is totally amazingly delicious.Great (small) beer list.Hate the t.v.
3	They're closed now, but the Banh Mi here was better than the one at the Graze.
5	Was delicious.Now closed for business. Forever.Boo hoo.
