4	Pollo Royal is a lunch favorite of mine. You may order at the counter or take a seat. They primarily specialize in chicken, but have other latin foods. As with many Latin countries, the food seems regional. I believe it's Central American. Ordering here might be difficult, because gal up front doesn't speak english too well. But if you really need to, the owner speaks english fluently and he is also very helpful. Many menu items are in spanish, but most are accompanied with a picture. =)Pollo royal specializes in chicken. They offer fried chicken (unbattered) and rotisserie/grilled chicken. This isn't your traditional American fried chicken. It has a lemony flavor and isn't fried to a crisp.  Both are quite solid though. Being a south of Mexico Latin restaurant, lunches are accompanied with plantains and/or fries or fritas as they call it. One of my fav dishes here is the crispy chicken tacos. Back home we would call them rolled tacos, but the proper name would be flautas I believe. Pollo Royal does them differently, but not in a bad way. They are topped with a cabbage salad, that I might say is pretty tasty for just being cabbage and some type of red salsa. The absolute best thing about this restaurant for me is their chicken soup. Although it is latin, it reminds me of home and of my mom's cooking. Comfort food is subjective and that soup for me is comfort food. It is slightly sour and with the lemon provided you can control the level. Nothing fancy about it. Its just your basic homemade chicken soup made with veggies and cilantro - just like my mom used to make. It  comes with rice on the side also. Mind you, it might not be for everyone. Ethnic chicken soup has a different taste. For me personally though, it is a familiar taste that warms my soul.
3	I've passed this spot a few times really thinking/hoping it was THE hole in the wall Pervuian chicken spot I've been dreaming of in the Charlotte area. NOPE. Typical rotisserie joint with Spanish flare. Service is nice.
4	I can't tell you how authentic this might be, but it sure is delicious. Rather than have one of the varieties of fried chicken, I had the grilled. It arrived with a whole lot of chicken on the plate, a good amount of fluffy rice, some salad and a grilled jalapeno (that was pleasantly warm and not overly hot). Speaking of hot, it was right off the grill and plenty hot.Service was good. There is a television (tuned to a Spanish-language station) and a small play area for the kiddies. Soda is canned Pepsi varieties, they didn't appear to have a fountain.Great food, good service, decent price.
4	Not a lot to write about this place.  All that matters is that the chicken is succulent and that the sides are heaping.   We've been here a couple times, the first because we had a Groupon, the second because it was great! The most important aspect, at least the one that I find the most revealing is that they don't speak the best English, but they know how to cook!  The other sign that tends to be telling is when the majority of other diners are Latino.  Anyway, great place to stop for a quick lunch or dinner, and if you're paleo, just get extra chicken and plantains!
2	I went to this restaurant because I had a gift cert. from my job. Food was ok nothing spectacular. Portions are big that a plate could be shared by 2 people. Service was ok. Server never smile & I tried to substitute one of the items of my plate & she did not allow me to do it. Prices are affordable. Menu is very confusing & full of pictures. I think chef Ramsey could help a lot with the menu & the decoration. Another observation is that you do not know what kind of spanish food this restaurant serves (Mexican? Salvadorian?). I'm giving this restaurant 2 stars.
2	Went in for lunch today. We guessed it was a seat yourself deal. Waitress got to us, not particularly friendly. As someone else pointed out, the menu is confusing. The food was tasty, but there wasn't a whole lot of it, at least not on the lunch special. We were one of only two occupied tables, but for some reason the service was really slow. In summation, don't expect a quick in and out lunch, friendly service, or more than a couple pieces of scrawny chicken for $6. It will taste good though.
1	Upon entering, the place was empty. Should have been a clue. I was allowed to taste the chicken, and it was good. However, upon placing my order, I was disgusted. I watched as the lady called it back to the cook, who was putting food in his own mouth before licking his fingers. I IMMEDIATELY canceled my order and left. Such a shame that they're so nasty, because the food is good.
4	Food is great. I love that they deliver because on days I don't feel like cooking, it's nice to have another option besides pizza and Chinese. I've ordered delivery plenty of times and only once went in to sit and eat. My waitress didn't know any English so it was kind of hard, glad they have pictures on the menu.
5	I go here like once a week. They have a whole play place in there for kids. The food is authentic, tasty and i love their prices! Friendly staff with great service. They also have great groupon deals pretty often.
5	Okay...this place is wonderful. Let them take you on a flavor adventure! I got a couple of things from them when I went. First odd, when I went in, the place was empty and the girl who normally serves people I'm guessing asked if I wanted to take out or dine in. I was picking up an order, I tried to explain and she looked at me like I had spoken in tongues. So, there may be a bit of a language barrier, there's always a way around that though! They had someone on staff that spoke English. Anywho, there was a slight problem with my order, they didn't have any tiramisu, but they gave me a mango milkshake instead since I already paid. Needless to say, that mango milkshake didn't survive the way home. Seriously, if you don't like chicken, come here for the milkshakes. That was the bomb dot com in a cup. I'll have wet dreams about that milkshake for years to come. Oh. I also got a beef taco, chicken quesadilla, and French fries. I only got one taco because I wasn't sure what to expect. I know the tacos I'm used to are different from the real kind. GET THE TACOS. Holy hell, it was great. Especially with the squeeze of like. The flavors were perfectly balanced. The quesadilla was good too, the Spanish/Latin rice it came with made me want to marry the guy who made my food. It also came with a salad that I treated as decoration. FRENCH FRIES. Yes. Do it. Get them. They're like diner fries, greasy, not crunchy, and just right. They came in a bag too, which kind of made me laugh. Overall, the place was clean, the service was quick, and the food was good and cheap. I'll definitely be coming back.
