5	When I first came across Galaxie's photography, I knew right away that she was "the one".  I had been searching for a photographer to shoot an anniversary session for my husband and me. When I came across her website, I was instantly struck by how unique, natural, and beautiful her photos were.  Although we live in Los Angeles and she in Phoenix, we found a way to meet halfway. Our session with Galaxie not only yielded gorgeous photographs that we will always treasure, but we have also become good friends. Not only is Galaxie an incredible photographer, she is a beautiful soul inside and out. No wonder her photos are so fantastic!  Galaxie takes pride in getting to know her couples and working with them to create a memorable experience, not just a photo shoot.  She makes you comfortable and relaxed, then captures the little details and tender moments.  This results in photographs that are incredibly romantic and authentic. I can not recommended her highly enough. Galaxie is incredible! She will take photographs of you that you will cherish forever!
5	We brought Galaxie and Brandon out to San Francisco for our wedding. She has an innate knack for capturing the essence of a relationship with the surrounding environment. Brandon has a wonderful eye for inspired moments, as well. They toured the city with us during the entire day's journey and produced a wonderful expression of what our wedding day means to us. Thank you very much Galaxie and Brandon.
5	If you want an authentic and beautiful record of a moment in time, Galaxie is a delightful expert at doing just that. I couldn't be happier.Looking at Galaxie's website, I knew she was the one to document our family's evening together before we were separated by moves out of state and out of country. I wanted something that felt familiar. Something that showed our personalities and in a setting that was natural for us.We ended up spending the afternoon in our back yard - grilling dinner, sitting by the fire...a super comfy setting for us. Galaxie was like a member of our family. And a family member with a gift for taking amazing pictures.Galaxie had the finished photos ready for us on time and in a format we found easy to use. We had a viewing party last night - my family is thrilled. Galaxie captured the nuances in our relationships and personalities in a flattering way.I'm already thinking about the next occasion where I'll be asking Galaxie for help.
5	Galaxie has a very sincere and unique way of photography that transcends beyond the photography session. Galaxie went above and beyond our expectations. I wanted to surprise my partner with an anniversary gift where we would have timeless photos to share with each other and capture this time of our lives. Galaxie was very excited to help me with this present. She was very patient with all my questions and suggestions.Galaxie doesn't just take pictures, but she brought us on a fun and loving journey throughout the entire session. I LAUGHED SO MUCH. Well, all of us laughed a lot. I thought the session was just going to be like, "stand here, turn this way".  You know, just posing for photos, but it was so spontaneously magical. I can tell that she thoughtfully coordinated our wonderful journey that really kept the energy up and lively. I don't want to give too many details because you have to find out for yourself! What really touched my heart is that me and my partner felt that we grew closer through this intimate experience. I have worked with other photographers and she is one of the most unique ones to me. Galaxie really invested so much love and time to make our experience so special. I would recommend Galaxie to you and as many people as I can.I haven't even seen the final images, but I know they will be amaaaazing! :)
5	Galaxie has something wonderful and rare among photographers: the ability to capture honest, genuine moments between people.  We were looking for someone to take our engagement photos, and were having trouble because we didn't like the pose-driven awkwardness that seemed to be common for portrait sessions.Finding Galaxie was like getting a breath of fresh air.  Our photos are gorgeous, and we have had so many compliments on how natural and candid they are.  She made the entire experience fun and comfortable, and we are excited to have her with us at our wedding next year.  She is great about communicating with you in a timely manner, which might seem like a little thing but there's nothing worse than wondering if someone got your email or not, and she is super helpful with preparation prior to your photo session.We really, really enjoyed working with Galaxie and we can't wait to do it again!
