4	Name's spelled wrong, guys "Towne Hall"..Since there's no reviews on yelp and we had a good meal, I'll earmark this for any 'Mericans like myself that go up there and want to find a decent place.  Do Quebecois use yelp?I don't get the negative reviews, but I went here on a Tuesday.  It was quiet, but nice.  Our waitress was friendly, anglo-Canadian.  I saw a review on another site that said "stop hiring kids," but our "kid" was prompt, helpful, and polite.  Mustve been a bitter old "woman-in-comfortable-shoes" that wrote that review.The menu is not pub fare, but it's not high-end continental, a little of everything, fish, steak, etc...can get a nice meal or a burger.Salmon tartare and tuna tataki were great.  The lamb shank was delicious and the pureed polenta were tasty and satisfying.  The malbec our waitress suggested was delicious, not too heavy.If you're on the West Island near the airport, it's a good option.  I'll be back.
4	Very good resto. Not cheap though very expensive. But for me the food was worth it. Good for dates. Turns into a club after 11, mostly and older croud as well as older music.
2	I really wanted to like this place. The decor is modern/classy, with large crystal chandeliers hanging from 20 foot ceilings, black and white tables and chairs, and large paintings on the walls.  The decor is quite impressive, especially given the area. There are some private areas with a lounge-y feel, good for larger groups or private parties, I assume.  One walks in expecting a nice culinary experience.We were a group of about 12, with reservations at 8:30 on Saturday night.  We had two or three small bread baskets on the table (never replenished).  A few people were late, and although we were already ordering drinks, the waiter told us we needed to order food now (it was around 9:00, there was no line, and other tables were available ...) To seat our group, several tables were pushed together. The tables weren't level, and runners were placed along the table seams, so that uneven the tables weren't visible.  A glass of wine was set on the table seam and spilled all over the table and a few of us.  Oops! Accidents happen. Our table was cleaned and a new runner was placed on the seam (again!), but our wine soaked cutlery wasn't replaced.  I still had high hopes for the food ...  I had the bouillabaisse ($27).  The presentation was nice, served in a (cast iron/ceramic?) pot, with a nice garlic bread crisp.  The bouillabaisse was less of a seafood stew and more of a cooked seafood combo placed in a broth.  The broth was bland and lacked oomph, and the fish cubes weren't  skinned.  There were quite a few mussels, two clams, two large shrimp (a little tough) and two large scallops (nicely cooked). Some fresh herbs, seasoning and simmering the broth would have gone a long way.  My boyfriend had the duck breast with a berry and porto reduction ($25). The sauce was delicious,  but the duck wasn't properly cooked/sliced and was quite tough and overly fatty - one slice contained no meat and was only a slice of fat.  Another friend had the salmon tartare (which looked amazing! Presentation was gorgeous!), but she described the flavour as mediocre at best, and wasn't impressed.  Our waiter didn't check on us after bringing our food.  The cheesecake was good. There are much better meals available for the price.  One pays for decor and presentation, but the flavour/cooking was a miss.  The potential is there, but better chefs and more attentive staff is a must.
3	Went here on a Friday night for a girls' night. We had reservations for 8pm, and were seated promptly. The decor is very nice; modern and classy. I loved the high ceilings, chandeliers and soft lighting. We were seated in a rounded booth that gave us nice privacy but we didn't feel cramped in there. Good music played, but not loud enough for us to have to yell at each other to hear. Our waiter was very nice and charming. I ordered the fish 'n' chips, served with a small house salad and a small bowl of fries. The fish was pretty good, mind you I would have preferred a little less batter as I barely tasted the fish, but I guess that's the point (?). The salad has a sweet vinaigrette and was refreshing in contrast to the battered fish. The fries were your basic matchstick variety, but I was glad there wasn't a mountain of fries, otherwise I would've left feeling too full. My evening companions had the gnocchi, the red snapper, caesar salad with salmon tartar and a seafood linguini of sorts (respectively). They were all rather satisfied with their meals, so I would say it was a successful night. The pricing is a bit high for the meals offered, but I would go back for the overall experience.
5	Amazing place!!! Great food and the lounge ambiance is amazing
1	Well... let's start with the "look"  This place is big, feels like a barn, only industrial looking with accents that look out of place.The Staff... very young and unpolished.  Obviously, it's there first job "waitering" and it shows in the greeting, mood, and lack of experience.  Lack of Attentiveness and no concern given to customer service.Drinks... forget about ordering a cocktail, you will be served sporadically (I mean come on, if 7 people are there, why not deliver and server drinks all at the same time) some of us were served our cocktail 30 minutes after ordering and received during the meal.  Also, for $10 for a cosmo, how can you get it wrong... I mean come on, if you have the b@lls to charge $10, you better get it bang on or your opening yourself up to be criticized.We ordered as a starter, Calamari... they were rubbery and greasy.  Most places get it wrong, but this place really got it wrong.  If you tried Marvins back in the day, you will know what I mean (now, even Marvin gets the standard industrial looking cuts of calamari instead of the fresh stuff).Mains... The 8 Oz Sirloin cut was a complete 0.  Tough, grainy and very fibery cut of beef.  If you could UN_Tenderize a cut of beef, this Chef has the recipe lol.  OMG, it was unchewable.  I am being serious.  Fish and Chips was very greasy on the batter, and came with greasy thin string cut fries that were all about 1 - 1 1/2 inches in length (just weird, since they were crammed in a mini frier looking decorative basket that was 4 x 4 x 5 inches in length.  I am too believe they do not heat there frier oil high enough so the oil soaks into the batter instead of cooking and sealing the batter pours (which by cooking this way, prolongs the frier oil instead of frying at higher temperatures to produce less greasy food).  Pizza Margherita was very commercial tasting dough and sauce, but it did have fresh sliced tomatoes on top, not enough to mask the dough and sauces non freshness.  Chicken was the best of the bunch, but if Your hungry the portion is quiet small so you better order two if you didn't get served bread (We had to ask for bread 2x to receive it once, and asked many times during the meal for water refill) and if you didn't order any starters.Pass on this place, mildly expensive, poor effort across the board.  Bottom line, even the owner seemed like one of those employees who doesn't want to be there types.  No hello or thank you when leaving the restaurant (he was standing at the front desk, while an employee was taking a reservation on the phone).I gave the minimum tip as a courtesy.  Nobody asked why we didn't eat our sirloin, nobody even asked if everything was okay, nobody cared to smile or say hello nor thank you... oh well.
5	Amazing restaurant, impeccabe service, great atmosphere, decor outstanding, food was excellent especially the chcolate fondant for dessert
4	Well I have to say that I was sooo pleased with this restaurant and their professionalism. Waiter was great the food was good and the they respected my request as per my reservations which I would recommend to anyone if you want to get a booth so worth it. The little down side is that I had to remind the staff that it was my wife's birthday but the cake was great. The food was good don't order pasta it's not so worth it and bring your BIG wallet. Ching Ching!! So again if your looking for pasta go to an Italian restaurant.
3	My family brought me here to celebrate my Grandma's birthday. It's an impressive room, not my vibe really, cavernous, quote unquote modern. The food was ok, my grandma was happy and that was really all that mattered. Our waiter was friendly, patient, and surprised the lady of the hour with a cake and song. Nothing objectionable here and a good option in the West Island.
3	Nice place with great atmosphere - very cosmopolitan. For the most part the food was good. I had the flat bread appetizer with some sort of cream cheese and spice; it was very tasty. However, I'm giving 3 stars because the cheeseburger was way overdone, did not taste good at all.My colleague had the Greek Village salad with salmon, which he liked. He also had the chicken noodle soup, which he raved about. So perhaps just avoid the burgers when you come here.
1	Used to be a great spot to get dressed up and enjoy a fancier dinner in the West Island. But the last two times I've been, the food has been extremely disappointing. I've always loved the beef tartar but this weekend it was unseasoned and fatty. I decided to try the Mac and cheese and it was neon orange and looked like a box of Kraft Dinner - and for $17 it shouldn't be! My friends were equally disappointed in their overcooked and badly cut Bavette and salmon tartar. Would be unfortunate for the West Island to lose one of their few good restaurants but that is where Towne Hall is going. Am wondering if they recently changed chefs...
