4	I wandered in ZYGMA today, many things I love, a whole aisle of pickles,  sauerkraut, pickled cabbage and jars of pickled veggies.  A little bit of crackers, cookies and chocolates.  My favorite thing that caught my eye was a deli case for of meat!  What an interesting find, I can't wait to try some of the hot dogs, Polish butter and frozen pierogies.
3	This place was a total surprise. It's sandwiched between a lingerie shop and a columbian bakery. Good company! Could easily have been a pay-as-you-go cell phone shop or Tienda Latina but it's all Kinder choco, imported (mostly Polish) cheeses, Knorr bullion cubes, waffle crackers, pickles galore, and, oddly, tattoo gum. Which I bought. Several handfuls of.There are a lot of classic E Euro treats to be gotten here, bread, soups, perogies, etc, but none of it's made here. Almost all the fresh food is shipped in from NYC. Which is cool, but homemade is always best, no? Still, prices are super-reasonable. Check 'er out!
3	If you're in search of any Polish delicacies - Kinder chocolate, pickles, imported cheese, an array of crackers, spreads, and packaged goods, this is your jam. While other customers were speaking to the manager/owner in Polish, she happily greeted me in English and asked me if I needed help finding anything. Dziki! The deli section, while minimal, offers a variety of meats..hot dogs, Polish sausages (apparently stuffed here?) and a small posterboard of sandwiches available for carry out. Next time I'm in the area and craving some Kinder chocolate or a magnanimous sandwich, ZYGMA is a solid choice.
5	I was wanting to buy some treats for Easter, and I heard about this place from a friend.If you want authentic Polish sausages, smoked meats, other Eastern European foodstuffs, come here.  Fresh Market ain't got nothin on Zygma!It's an hour drive _one way_ for me to get here, but I *will* be back.  That's how good it is.FYI:  The parking lot is *tiny*, and it's off a busy street.
5	I'm from NJ originally where Polish stores are a-plenty. Zygma is a little slice of home. I stopped in and bought $40 worth of childhood foods. They have a ton of jams, pickles, bakery items, refrigerated foods, cold cuts. They're open 10-7 every day but Sunday based on the sign and in a tiny strip mall. I'll be back for more goodies.
