4	Note: I did not get my car fixed here...but I did come for an estimate. Called and made an appointment for them to check out my car and they were ready for me when I arrived. It took about 10 min to check out the car and then another 10 min to type up the estimate. They came back with a price that was $800 lower and 2 days less labor than the other shop I went to for an estimate. While I didn't end up getting my car fixed here because of my insurance company (they are a Progressive affiliated shop), I have to commend them on giving me an honest estimate in a timely manner. Gracias, AAB&P!
5	five stars on customer service. Jeff was very pleasant and the receptionist up front was very friendly. I think I'm going to let them fix my car
5	Not only great customer service, but my car came out looking amazing. Like its never been in the accident. They even washed my car inside and out. Lily, the girl up front is amazing, she kept me updated on everything, everyday. Never kept me waiting and was always there to answer all of my questions. Lily, you are amazing:)
1	If it were possible I would give this place zero stars.
5	GREAT service, friendly staff, all-around exceptional experience.Some half-blind ding-a-ling ran a stop sign and caused me to crush my bumper on his dumbass Hyundai. DC and the staff at American Auto Body took care of me from start to finish -- they arranged a rental car, had the rental place come pick me up, and took care of my repairs while keeping me informed of the progress. They even communicated with the dign-a-ling's insurance, to make sure they were admitting liability.I really can't say enough positive things about this place. If you need a body shop, check them out!!!
5	Amazing place just pure magic lol they fixed my two doors for 3,000 . Honestly lalo did a amazing job fixing it in two weeks. And Sammy is just so nice and called me when they would finish something just to update me about my car. When I had questions they didn't mind answering them for me.They are really nice if you want to fix your car really good just go here. My car looks like it never even got hit
