4	Pizza & More!  Toppings Galore!Brilliant colored shop with flowers on the tables!  Only 3 tables.Salads, Appetizers, Wraps, Wedgies, Calzone, Pasta, kids meals; Top This has is all.   30 Toppings!  Get a Flyin' Hawaiian, Veggie, Mash Potato, Seafood or build your own pizza. The possibilities are endless.Good pizza with a crisp crust that had a nice taste with some seasoning on the bottom.   Sauce was good.  U can order a pizza how you like it or get a specialty?
5	There is more to a good place to eat than just the food. The management, the atmosphere, as well as location are key. First let me start by saying this food is awesome. It's a pleasure to finally have a place to eat in Aspinwall on Brilliant Avenue that you can feel good about. I had the pizza, and salads. The pizza here is VERY GOOD!On to the other intangibles. Its exciting to see a group of young entrepreneur's in Aspinwall with so much drive, focus, and passion for creating the perfect place to eat in town. Ive sat down with them and just talked. Their energy is contagious!!!Location, Location, Location! They should be able to do much more than what Fox's had done in the same location. First of all the food is much better! Also I believe there are plans to create a better dine in experience. Last but least the atmosphere seems to be trending toward that Aspinwall, contemporary, and hip surrounding. They seem to be tinkering with some innovative ways to making the whole experience fun for everyone. Next time you walk in take a look at the wall and ask them what it's all about!
5	Great food, fast delivery and great staff... Favorite pizza and hogies in the area... Great salads too.
4	Great pizza! I'm new to the area and this was one of the first local places I tried - and I definitely plan to become a regular!  The staff was very friendly on the phone and my order was ready in the 15-20 min promised. The pizza tasted great, especially the crust.  There are a lot of options to totally customize your pizza (along with calzones, salads, etc.) - I elected to get their Buffalo Chicken specialty pizza, and it was amazing.  They have a "save $8 after 8 visits" card which will be sure to make frequent trips worth it!
4	I'm always curious about new independent sandwich and pizza places around town so I thought I'd take a chance and with a Living Social deal for Top This! On Brilliant.  When I called to place my take out order, I was greeted with friendliness and enthusiasm.  The gentleman who answered (likely one of the owners) was very accomodating and happy to take my order.  I went with a dozen the garlic parm wings and 2 pizzas: classic pepperoni with red sauce and a pie with white sauce and tomatoes.Upon arriving at Top This!, I was again greeted by guys who clearly love what they do.  It's great to see this in a new small business.  Their love for what they do is baked into every pie.  The wings, too, were above average for a pizza place.  Even though it's a bit out of the way for me, if I'm ever out and about near Aspinwall, I'm going to remember these guys and stop by.  I wish them much success in the future.
4	I ordered delivery from this place all the time when I lived in Fox Chapel. The pizza is absolutely amazing (especially the CBR), and the appetizers are pretty good as well.Everyone that does the delivery is super friendly and they always arrive when they say they will. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the chicken alfredo and chicken strips weren't always consistent. Sometimes the chicken was awesome and other times it was really tough to chew and I'd have to nuke it in the microwave to be able to eat it.Other than that, such a good place. If you're into ranch dressing, definitely get some with whatever you order- it's sooooo good.
5	Just ordered pizza and salad for the office and both were great, as always.On a side note, our local volunteer organization Aspinwall Neighborhood Watch has asked Top This to help us in the past with food donations and they are always willing to step up and help us out.  They're an example of a local business producing a great product AND doing whatever it takes to help out the community.  We love them AND their pizza!
5	Buffalo Ck Hoagie is phenomenal, spicy as heck, but worth every bite. Everything I have eaten there has been great. Breadsticks, pasta, Hawaiian Bites, wings, salad. We order from there almost weekly, never been disappointed. Friend workers, great small business atmosphere!!!
4	I really like Top This.  First of all, I love that this is a locally-owned shop by a couple of young entrepreneurs. Second, the staff at this place is so ridiculously warm and friendly.  Third, the food (on average) is pretty darn tasty.  Their pizza is yummy, and I am IN LOVE with their buffalo chicken roll bites.  Their cheesy breadsticks are also to die for.  If you can't tell, I take quite a few carb-induced naps :)I did have to take off one star for a couple of disappointing meals that I've gotten from there.  One was not related to food quality, but rather attention to detail -- I ordered their mashed potato pizza without bacon, but they put bacon on it...which was too bad because I REALLY wanted to try their mashed potato pizza.  So that was a waste.  And the second disappointing meal that I once had was their chicken broccoli pasta alfredo dish...it was just not good at all.  The broccoli was clearly from frozen and barely warm, the pasta was gummy/tough and not cooked properly, and there was hardly any chicken in the dish.  However, 9 times out of 10, the food I've gotten has been delicious, so I would recommend giving them a try.
5	Top This! on Brilliant is awesome!  They have fresh food and it's consistently good.  One of the best salads I ever had (and I eat a lot of salads!) is their Saratoga Salad.  I highly recommend Top This! on Brilliant.
5	Update, tried their salad, wedgie and wings. All are fantastic. Employees are friendly and willing to customize anything if they can. Fast, cheap, delicious, can't get any better for a pizza shop!
5	I'm pretty picky when it comes to pizza and there are only a few places in Pittsburgh that I'll go. The staff is great, the location is on my way home from work, and the pizza is made hot and fresh to order. The staff alone is enough to keep me coming back, but I love the food too. I personally love the buffalo chicken roll bites. I have yet to have a pizza from here that I don't like. I love their chewy, yet crispy crust and their toppings are pretty tasty as well.
5	I love this place... Best pizza around IMHO. But is it out of business? We call and no one picks up.
5	Sadly, this place appears to have gone under :(  They are gone from the GrubHub website, their Facebook page is deactivated, they no longer answer their phones, and the storefront is covered in a large black sheet. Such a shame!
