5	Great restaurant that not many people know about. Worth the drive. Cool owner with great prices. Can't beat it. As good as roscoes in LA.
3	Room For ImprovementWent to Sunny's Chicken and Fish Tuesday for a late lunch hoping service would be fast enough for me to catch the begin of the second half of Chelsea and West Bromich.  I was so hungry for a big lunch and something with some spices, the Pulled Chicken and Waffles with Honey BBQ wonderful the Waffle was satisfactory and and the pulled chicken was white meat chopped up.  Wonderful idea for a restaurant being dead center of Lamb from Charleston and Sahara and the menu is very apropos for the community and with a menu that gives the chef Sunny a chance to more than satisfy the choosiest com-padre.
4	Excellent value!  Excellent fried chicken!  Fat rendered, skin crispy, well seasoned and cooked to order.  Sunny took my order and sold me with his personality.  I ordered the 12 Piece mixed, gizzards and fries for under 21$.  F the colonel, F Popeye.  This is where I buy chicken take out for my family from here on out.  Can't wait to try sunnys breaded wings.  Oh yea! Did I mention how clean his restaurant is?
4	Chicken is super good, and the wings are delicious. The fries are perfectly seasoned and the staff is friendly. It's just a bit of a wait at times.
5	Amazing is all I can say! Food quality and price are unbeatable! A must eat place if you are in the area!
5	Me and the wifey always drove by this place so we finally decided to check it out on the way home. Every time we drove by we always said the same thing. "Sunny's Chicken and Fish? Sounds good but the place looks kind of shady". Well folks, let me be the first one to tell you that it's not shady at all. We stopped by around 6:30 for dinner and never felt any safer. It's really not a shady place.Now to the important stuff.  All I gotta say is get the Fried Catfish plus the Chicken n Waffles no matter what. The Catfish ($5.99) has two options. Southern, which is basically cajun, and Beer Battered. Both are very good.  The cajun style has a cornmeal/pepper spice to it while the beer battered option gives you the crispy coating with good flavor. Comes with fries which is also decent. I love both options because when you bite into either one, you can taste the flavor of the catfish and you can tell that it was freshly seasoned or battered right before getting dumped in the fryer. The freshness of the fish is evident in every bite. I know some places you might get that sandy, bottom of the ocean taste but here its non existent.The Chicken n Waffles ($3.99). OMG. I dont know what it is exactly what it is that coats the chicken but damn, I could eat that by itself. While I was savoring that, I almost forgot that there was a waffle that came with it. By the end of the meal, it didnt matter what I was dipping in the syrup, it all tasted good put together. Oh, you also get some hot sauce too just in case the syrup is not your thing or if its simply not enough.As for the comments on this place being not too attractive, I compare it to that nice, quiet, nerd type librarian with glasses and the hair tied up. Once you get to know them and they open up to you, they are actually very attractive with their rich personality. You know what they say. It's always the quiet ones that surprise you. Some random info. They take cards. There's no bathroom. At least there is a nice sink for you to wash your hands with after you are done licking your fingers from all the flavor.So in closing, always have an open mind in trying things out for the first time especially when something seems sketchy. This place is a diamond in the rough, hole in the wall, etc. Whatever cliche you want, it fits. Will be back with lots of other people. As a matter of fact, I ordered more food to take home to my family and they loved it! Memo to Roscoe. You got some serious competition.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #114 "Dont waffle on this place!"
3	The food is good, service not so much. I came in last night. I ordered an 8 piece hot fingers with fries and two two piece plain fingers with fries. When my order was ready the owner's wife only gave me three cups of ranch for 12 fingers total 4 of which they didn't use any of their sauce on. I asked for one more ranch and two barbecues. I was told I have to pay for extra dipping sauces. After some bickering I finally received the sauces and drove home. When I arrived home I discovered my 8 piece hot was missing 2 fingers. I drove back to Sunny's and informed them of what happened. This time Sunny looked at me like I ate two of the fingers before my return. I asked could I get some type of compensation for having to take my time to return because of their mistake. He told me I could get two more fingers or my money back. He made a point to let me know I was not gonna take advantage of him. I thought that was unprofessional. They took advantage of me when they shorted me two fingers.
4	I found this place thanks to Yelp! My husband and I wanted to go to a place with my Dad and it needed to be on his side of town. When I read the reviews, I knew we would love this place and I was right!I ordered the Southern Fish with fries and Joel ordered the Chicken and Waffles. We both shared some chili cheese fries as well. The prices are great. For both of us, with drinks, it came out to under $20. My Dad ordered the same as me and spent under $6. You get several pieces of fish and the cornmeal breading is so full of flavor. I thought mine was great, but Joel's chicken... Wow! I wanted to rip it away from him. I wanted to order more chicken just for myself, but I was so full from the fish! His waffle was cooked crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Now let's talk about those chili cheese fries. They came in a large to go container smothered in chili and cheese! What more could you ask for! YUMMY!The only down side is that there is no bathroom, but they do have a sink so you can wash all the tasty goodness off in. Also, be prepared to wait 'cause they cook everything to order. Which is totally fine in my book! Yes, Sunny's, I will for sure be back for lots and lots of chicken!! What a great gem to have found! Thanks Yelp! You rock!
4	Great new place for fast soul food! Stopped by for the 1st time today and tried a 4 piece mix which came with a leg, thigh, wing and breast. The chicken was juicy and well seasoned but comes out super hot and fresh so be careful so you don't burn yourself! I'm assuming everything is made to order since the food takes a little while but nothing wrong with that! The food here is dirt cheap and my 4 piece was only $4.99! Will have to try the $3.59 chicken and waffles next time!  Not sure what kind of seasoning and hot sauce they use but it's tasty! Will definitely be coming back!
5	My husband discovered this place and he made me try it. They have the BEST chicken and waffles. You may see the building and think this place looks suspect but they have great food and customer service.  We place our order ahead and no wait.
4	Drove by this place a few times. Finally decided to yelp it and after reading all of the reviews I stopped in. I ordered the southern fried fish and fries and it was pretty good. The BF had wings and fries. Food is good and prices are decent.
5	Had their blazin hot wings and they are bomb!
4	Great spot!  Nice staff!
5	I LOVE CHICKEN AND WAFFLES... and this is the best I've ever tasted so far. Yes the place looks unappealing but I'm not there for the decor.. I'm there for the good food! I  read some positive reviews and decided to give this place a try. BEST DECISION EVER.What's crazy is how affordable it is. Chicken and waffles after tax was about 4 bucks. GREAT PORTIONS and a Good deal. The owner is very friendly. He looks like he works very hard and put lots of effort into his food. A tip I would give to other foodies is to TIP the man! The food prices is a steal, literally.  It's hard to come by good food like this, made fresh for that cheap of a price. So spare some dollars and change for his hard work!
5	Very personalized service and great food.  That was the best fried chicken I've had in a while and the Cole Slaw was perfect.
1	The chicken isn't anything amazing sunny uses way to much seasoning. Besides that it made me and my wife sick. I should've left the place alone when I saw how dirty the place was and how bad it smelt. I guess I can only blame myself. If you are ever around the east side of Las Vegas and want chicken look else where
4	Tasty fried chicken. And gizzards. And fries. And waffles. Everything we've had here was tasty, and cheap too, which is always nice!Gizzards come a ton to an order, for under $4. BF's a fan, and with the buffalo sauce from the chicken and waffles dish, they're solid: crispy, and served hot.Chicken and waffles are a dish I've never quite understood, but the sweetness of the thick, fluffy waffle plus the syrup contrasted nicely with the hot chicken and buffalo sauce. Would get this again, and it's a steal at $3.Two-piece "snack" comes with some deliciously-seasoned fries and a roll. This is a meal even for my unrestrained appetite, not a "snack".All in all, this is a solid place for fried chicken. Service is friendly. Location isn't in the best area and the interior isn't impressive, but the flavors sure are. Wish it wasn't so far of a drive for me.
5	Not fast food, but the chicken and waffles was well worth the wait!! $4 for a breast, leg and waffle....Wow, what a deal!! And bottles of Coke for a buck to wash it down...I'll be back for sure!
4	This place is definitely a hole in the wall type of place. I usually say that if there's a crowd or busy the establishment is doing something right. That's not the case for sunnys chicken and fish, the food speaks for itself. Think twice before judging a place like this. Service is great but don't expect "fine dining" great. Did I mention how good the food is? They're  cooked to order so I wouldn't expect a quick service as well. If you want quick service go to a drive through. The chicken was hot, moist, crispy and perfectly seasoned. I have had other chicken and waffles from other places and this place just hits the spot all the time.
5	Man I am so happy we have a semi soul food joint on the Eastside. I say semi 'cause they only have catfish and chicken. Lol. No oxtails, no collard greens, no cornbread. Its strictly chicken and catfish. Which don't bother me none 'cause the chicken HELLA slap.I went in on a Tuesday morning. It was early which explains why it was dead AF. But it's cool, more service for me. Anyway, I ordered the chicken and waffles which came out to exactly $4.31. Not a bad deal at all, 'cause if you go to KFC, $4.31 will get you a drink and potato wedges and no chicken. Lol.So I ordered my food, I hear them cooking it fresh in the back. Might've took about 15 minutes until it came out. I ordered to go, and by the time I got home, it was still hot! And smelling mighty fine. Crack it open and it was like Fergie and Jesus sang to me.I don't know why, but I always test out the batter/skin of the chicken first and I don't know what the hell they put in there, but that sh*t was like crack. BOOOMB. then I tried the waffle, it was cool. Taste like a regular waffle to me, and not the frozen kind either. Lol.It was probably the best chicken I've had thus far. IT WAS SO JUICY! AND FULLY COOKED! Haha. And I don't have to drive across town. Definitely worth the 4 and some change. Cause that sh*t fresh!I don't know why people complaining bout the hot sauce. It taste like regular Louisiana Hot Sauce to me. Lol. I'll be back for lunch. Haha. Sike. Alright maybe.Now if only they had some collard greens.....
5	I cant say enough about Sunnys Chicken.  I'm HUGE on CUSTOMER SERVICE & iPromise Sunnys has SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE & food.  Sure the wait is long, but the food is cooked to order...the prices are BEYOND RESONABLE. If you're ever over East check them out... iPromise you wont be disappointed.
5	Great prices, tasty food ... chili cheese fries and wings good
1	That 5 went to a 1 real quick. The wait time was unbelievably long. I called in an HOUR ahead and my food still wasn't done. There were people order 20-40 wings and all sorts of other shit and STILL got their food before me. WTF?!?!?!?!?! I can totally understand if they were busy, trust me, I'm a manager of a restaurant, but they weren't even close to being steady!I'd rather drive across town and get my food in the same time I waited at this fucking place. Definitely won't be back!
