1	Ive never felt sooooo screwed!!!  I went there to kill an hour and wanted to rent a 9mm.  I told the guy I wanted a 9mm and filled out the paperwork.  He walked me to the lane with the gun and a yellow plastic parts bin with some ammo in it.  I figured he was going to set me up and supervise the first few rounds to see if I knew what I was doing...which he did.After emptying the clip I asked him where the extra rounds were.  He said that was all of them (4 remaining of 20).  I said, oh OK I guess I would need to purchase a full box of ammo to continue shooting.  He said I would be required to buy another complete "package" which was $25 for a gun and 20 extra rounds.  I shook my head in disbelief.  I assumed I could shoot all day as long as I was buying thier ammo, renting the lane, buying thier targets and renting thier guns.  That was not the case.  When I was done shooting in all of 2 minutes I told him what bulls#@! I thought that was and how screwed I felt..I and not a regular range shooter so I just sucked it up and figured next time I went anywhere I would have to ask if they were like any real range or do they screw you $25 at a time like the Vegas Machine Gun Experience.
5	We went on Monday, 1/21/2014, they picked us up from the Quad hotel and casino, in a very nice van by a great, informative man named "Sarge". He told us about the guns they had for rent, gave us $5 off coupons, and eased whatever fears the ladies in the group had about firing a gun. When we got to the facility, we picked out what guns or packages we wanted to shoot, and a target from the selection they had and were assigned a range officer, named John (they called him little John, but, hey whatever works). After the large group before us left, we donned our protection, and he assisted us shooting our guns, one by one, telling us the intricacies of each weapon and the best way to handle the recoil. All the while with a smile on his face, and a great demeanor. At the end, he even gave us a free 10 rounds of 9mm pistol ammo to shoot. Overall fully recommend it, especially for the price (my SMG was only $45 to shoot for 2 clips).  Absolutely worth it.
4	Great place with a lot of options when it comes to guns, good range but personally I do think its on the pricey side, still a lot of fun though
4	Range officer was friendly, knowledgeable and very safety-conscious.  Fantastic experience for this first-timer!  They're close to the strip, cheap cab ride but they'll also shuttle you to and from.
