4	Yeah, this Hertz location has it down.   Being located with the other rental car agencies makes it so easy to drop off the car and get back to the airport.   The rental yard is covered, clean and secure.   I like this place.
1	It took us over an hour to get a rental car because there were only three employees working the desk on a Friday evening.  Isn't that supposed to be one of the busiest travel times?  Instead of apologizing, the manager said, "you don't complain when you have to wait at the airport check-in, do you?"  As far as I know, those are two completely different industries and Hertz is in the business of customer service.  Had we not prepaid, we would have gone to another company.  You cannot do that with airlines...they have monopolies on different routes.  Idiot, I tell you.  Anyway, once we get assigned a car, we go down to the garage and the car is not there.  Finally, we got someone in the Gold Club area to help us and we ended up with a nice upgrade.  I would have rather had the Kia and an hour of my life back!
4	When you're a member of one gold, or whatever it is, they have your name up on the electronic board, so you go up to the parking bay and the keys are in the ignition. Flash your ID to the guy at the gate, and you're away. Minus one star for being so f***ing expensive. Plus one for giving us a Ford Explorer. Plus one for getting us quickly out of a Hertz office for the first time ever.Minus one star to Phoenix for having a hundred numbers on every road sign, and giving no freaking idea of where the road leads.
3	Got a great deal on hotwire, for three days, around $20 a day.  You have to take a shuttle from the airport to the car rental.  You walk to the second island outside of baggage claim, the buses run quite frequently, were there 3 lined up to pick people up when I arrived at 11:30am on a Friday.  The ride only took 5-10 minutes.  The rental facility is huge and nicely air conditioned.  When I walked up to the Hertz rental, there must have been 30 people ahead of me, around 5 sales people and took around 45 minutes before I was helped.  In fact, I was pulled from the line to follow an attendent downstairs, where there were 3 sales people to help ring us up.  Got upgraded to a compact with a GPS since they ran out of subcompact.  Loved the GPS during the stay, I want one  at home now.   The car is a little dirtier then other rental places, the carpets had stains and the outside had some marks on the paint but I still would take the GPS over those aesthetics.Finding the car was easy, in numerical order and all was covered.  When I dropped off the car, was easy, you just need to remember which bus to take you to which terminal, I believe there are 4 seperate terminals.
3	The old car rental counter next to baggage claim is GONE!  Now you ride a bus completely off the airport grounds to another terminal, strictly devoted to car rental.  Nine rental agencies line the inside wall.  The bigger agencies have dedicated floors in the parking structure.  My Lady got a deal on Priceline.  We have a four-door midsize car (Chevrolet Malibu) for $15 a day + insurance + gas + tax!  It would have been nice if they had closed the hood all the way ...
1	This location lost our car after we returned it. We got calls and letters a month later saying they had not received it back. When I called to solve the problem they said that they had no record of our reservation ever even being in the system and that the type of car we had rented was not on record as one they were missing!  The manager at this location told me he would do some research and call me back. I never received a phone call back. And I just got another letter today!
3	Pros: Offered me a Prius to rent at the price of an intermediate car.  When I replaced the gas it was only $5.Quick and efficient when returning car.Cons:  Long wait to check in for a car.
1	Hertz at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is the worst Hertz location when it comes to providing clean cars without problems and having cars ready at the time you reserved it for. I'm a Hertz Five Star member who rented a car from this location recently. A car was not ready for me, so I had to wait for a car. Then, the steering wheel had grease on it. And, during the rental, there was a constant banging/clanking sound from the rear of the car. Turned out the spare time and tools were loose in the trunk. If you want good rental car quality and service, try National Car Rental, Avis, Budget or Alamo at Phoenix.
3	The rental car building is fantastic! It looks like another terminal and it's clean and spacious. I went to pick up my car on Christmas day. It was a bit busy to my surprise. However, the Hertz staff worked quickly and efficiently and I got out with my car in approximately 30 minutes. They could improve by asking if you prefer a certain make/model in the type of car that you reserved before assigning you a car. I felt like I was driving a box in the Chevy they gave me. I would have liked to know how to get a Prius instead. If you have a preference, ask at the counter. They also get you if you don't fill up your own tank of gas at a steep $8 a gallon. Plan ahead to find a nearby gas station. Lastly, they need to change their driver policy and allow spouses to both be drivers. If I were to add my spouse, it would have been an additional $14 a day. No thanks and I got stuck with driving the entire time.
1	I have used this Hertz rental agency twice now.Both times, it was booked through a third party, as part of a company deal.The first time, the company paid the cost directly. It took a little while to explain that to the clerk on duty, but it finally worked out. However, I had been given a car whose plates would expire before my rental did; thankfully I noticed this before driving the car out of the lot. It was in summer though, so it meant two trips with all my bags out into the sweltering summer heat, for something that should have been checked prior to handing me the keys.The second time, I was unable to rent a car. Period. Because Hertz has a policy that it will not accept cash for just a part of a rental, something that is not made clear on their website (in fact, their website is misleading on that count, they make it clear that you can pay cash provided you have an 'authorized credit card'. What they mean is that provided they can authorize the credit card for the -entire- amount, you can pay the entire amount in cash instead. However, you can also get out of paying with credit entirely if you apply for a special card, which takes 30 days. So it makes it sound that you need a valid credit card for identification purposes, as would be the case with their 'special' card, but not for the entire cost). This was a problem, as I was in the process of moving, and had already put a great deal on my credit card, to where the rental cost, plus the deposit, was too much for my available credit.By way of solution, the clerk tried to pass me off to another rental car agency, that was located outside the terminal, that would charge me an extra $200 per week. I'm not sure what sort of operation feels it's a good idea to pass clients off to competitors, but I said screw it, and took a taxi.My attempts to contact their customer support have been futile; the first reply apparently ignored my complaint, instead saying that "The deposit is required", and my second attempt, to indicate that this was not a correct reply, has gone unanswered.I will not be voluntarily renting a car from Hertz again.
4	Clean facility, friendly staff, basically what you would expect.  But, there are 15 positions with on average only 2 people working and a very long line which strikes me as a bit odd.  However, if you're a Hertz #1 Club Gold member, you can go downstairs to your own section that never has much of a wait, if any.This is a central hub location for Hertz in the Phoenix area, so if you're into unique cars not commonly available at many locations, such as Corvettes or Cadillacs, this location is the one.Returning the cars while northbound on Sky Harbor Circle at night could be tricky, the left turn into the garage is not well posted and easy to miss. I recommend approaching from Buckeye to southbound Sky Harbor Circle, that way you are making a right hand turn that is very hard to miss.If traveling to/from Sky Harbor, the shuttle service is convenient and reliable. Since the terminals are not connected behind security, it is important that you get on the right bus for the right terminal after dropping off your car to avoid having to go through security multiple times and dealing with the terminal busses, which are a complete mess.
1	Whatever you do, please avoid renting from this Hertz location!My wife and I rented a car from the Phoenix Hertz desk in March 2010.  On arrival, our car was damaged, which we indicated on the pre-rental inspection form.  After returning the car in equal condition to how we picked it up, we began to receive harassing phone calls and emails from a Hertz collections office demanding payments for damages that were clearly incurred BEFORE we rented the car!  Despite several hours of phone calls, emails, and letter correspondence, Hertz continues to pursue invalid claims for damages, even going so far as sending these fraudulent claims to an outside collections agency.If you want terrible service and relentless, fraudulent claims pursued against you after renting a vehicle, then this is the place for you.  Otherwise, I suggest you avoid the hassle and rent from a different company, particularly in Phoenix.
1	Take caution on renting from Hertz.  I have been a Gold member for years and I recently rented a car in Phoenix on December 27 and returned it on January 1.  There were several people returning cars that morning and I asked the agent if I needed to wait since I am I Gold member and said no.  Today - January 12th I received my receipt from them which at fist I thought was odd sending it this late.  Upon opening it I discovered they did not check my car in until January 9th and charged me the additional days. I'm horrified and called the number listed on my reciept only to be caught up in the worse phone tree I have ever experienced.  After 30 minutes of trying different options (billing was a not a clear and concise option) I got a woman named Ashley who was downright horrible and rude.  I was told I have to provide proof that I flew out that day as their records show I had the car until the 9th. I asked what my original reservation stated (which was clearly the 1st) and she said it didn't matter since I didn't return the car.  What do mean it doesn't matter??  Why would they not have called me to inquire about their vehicle when I didn't return it?  Not sure the answers only know I now have to provide proof I left, write a review and possible dispute the charges with American Express which will happen if they don't return a call or email within one day!Go to Avis people - the old guy there who checks in cars is amazing and never would he do this!
2	Took me about 45 mins from the start of waiting in line until I was sitting in the rental car. I'm not sure why they have so many check-in stations when there are only like 3 people working there (with one of them being on the phone the entire time).The line was about 20 people deep. *NONE* of the other car rental places at Sky Harbor had as many people waiting. Why are they soooooo slow?!Next time I'm going to go with Enterprise...last time I was in and out in about 10-15 mins. No line.
2	This the comments I left with Hertz.The car was OK a bit dirty but OK. But after web check in a one hour wait in line is not acceptable at all. If I hadn't prepaid on line I would of walked to one of the many other car rental counters with no wait at all.(I think everyone in line would have done the same)This was after midnight. When I mentioned the web check in 10 minute guarantee the clerk ignored this and didn't give me the discount. And of course the car I reserved was not there anymore, I had my choice of a mini van or a Sebring so I spent more in gas then I had planed. I wonder what happened to the 20 people behind me in line. The kiosks didn't work one customer in line said they didn't work last time she was there either. The car check in process went very smoothly. I voiced my concern to the guy there and he gave me a $25 off coupon of my next rental from Hertz. Yea like I'm going to rent from you guys again for a lousy $25 off. Sure I used Hotwire and got a good rate but that should have opened the door for you guys to get a loyal customer not drive away customers. As for me next time I rent a car I won't be driving away in a Hertz car.
2	There were many more positions than personnel to fill them.  We encountered an inexperienced clerk who tried to upsell us on everything imaginable.  If we hadn't been hip to the cons we'd have been totally ripped off by all the extra (unneeded) charges.  And yet, we got ripped off anyway by an outrageous fee imposed by Phoenix to pay for their new rental car palace.  Beware!  Rent off-site if you can.
5	I'm a huge fan of Hertz.  As a Gold Member, I can walk right up to my car and drive away......no waiting in line, no paperwork, no hassle.  This location is no different.  It's so easy to get in/out of the rental car center it's located in.On this particular visit, I was upgraded from a compact car to a convertible Chrysler....I think it was a Sebring.  Too bad I only had it for 1 day and couldn't take full advantage of it.Return Factor - 99%
4	We always seem to come here for our rental vehicle. We have always had friendly greetings and the employees are eager are extremely knowledgeable and freindly as well. The first time we came here the lady who we were checking in with was telling us the safer neighborhoods (planning on moving here), what to check out, what to stay away from. She was so awesome and pleasant to talk with.
1	After reading a review from Google, about avoiding this Hertz location, unless you are a Gold Member, I was hesitant to use this Hertz. Soon after, I found out that USAA members get the annual service fee of being a Hertz Gold Member waived, so I figured, what the hell. So I arrived at Hertz at about 11:00 AM on 5/31/11. I take the escalator down because that's what the sign tells Gold Member's to do. A person at the bottom of the escalator greets me, and tells me that since I am a Gold Member, walk this way for your VIP treatment. I walk in, and there is one other person in line, who had already been waiting there for 5 minutes. About 15 minutes later, two people finally come out of the back room to assist us. What kind of VIP treatment is this? There was plenty of staff available upstairs for "regular" members, and Gold Members get the shaft? NO THANKS!
1	An awful experience. Upon arrival, I had to wait in line for at least an hour before being helped. Hertz employees offered no explanation for why there was such a wait (all other rental agencies in sight had short, if any, wait times). Additionally, an employee misrepresented the cost of supplemental insurance coverage and I was overcharged to the tune of $200 for a one week rental. I have tried to call the branch three times to contest the charge, but each time I am forwarded to voice mail. There has been no return call since my first message one week ago.
3	Just fine if you're #1 Club Gold, you've made no special requests, and your flight arrives on time.  Since I'm #1CG, I've never dealt with the upstairs desk that's on the main floor of the Rental Car Center.  You just head downstairs (first escalator to the left of the Hertz desk), and there's the board, hopefully with your name and a stall number.When I've had problems or special request, the experience has not been as pleasant.  When adding insurance to take the vehicle into Mexico, it was a 30 minute process.  When there are problems, there's usually a line of 5-6 people with two agents working.  The agents haven't been terribly friendly.The people who check you out when you return your car at 5am on Friday are efficient and friendly, unexpectedly chipper for that early.I've driven lots of different cars here, my favorite being the Fall of 2009, when I got a Prius almost every week.
1	waited in line for 2 hours...horrible.
3	I signed fuel option, yet gate agent didn't log it, so I had to argue with return agent upon return. Actually this happened several times lately at Hertz, so those who buy fuel option, be aware.Car was clean and in good condition though.
1	If I could score less than a star I would. It was not so much the location as the company that has so horrible. The lady at the counter was friendly though it took us 55 minutes to rent a car as we didn't have a reservation and apparently that blows their minds away. We had been renting as our car was in the shop. The car ended up taking longer than planned, so we called about pricing an extension on a Friday around 1 pm. They put an unauthorized hold on another 250 dollars. They had no recourse for us and told us that billing would be able to clear it up Monday. Or if we returned the car it would be posted back. Repeatedly we were blown off and unnecessarily transferred and put on 20 minute plus holds. This does not convey the lack of concern that the representatives had for us but I do understand why they have an F with the better business bureau now.
1	Had a car reservation for early Saturday. Waited over half an hour JUST in line!  They had a few folks working, but they weren't helping people.  When it was finally my turn, I asked if there were any upgrades.  She said yes, and told me the costs - and I said no thanks.  She said it was my lucky day and she'd throw it in, I was pleased until it came the bill time which I luckily asked for a copy.  On it she was charging me the add-on price!  When I asked her why - she said she had to charge me... I had to wait another 15 minutes for her smart self to remove it, and give me my original rental!Car was fine.  No complaints there.  Just the customer service sucked.
4	Always been a fan of Hertz. Service has always been quick and helpful and it's no exception at their Phoenix location. It'd be better if they had an on-airport location, but none of the car rental agencies do either and the courtesy shuttles run frequently and efficiently. The car we rented was comfortable, clean, and reliable. All in all, a positive experience again with Hertz!
1	Worst counter service I've ever had...anywhere and for anything.  I rented a luxury car 2 months ahead of time. After reading reviews warning against budget carriers, I booked with Hertz ... thinking that paying for the name would be worth it.  I arrived exactly when I said I would and they told me (rudely) that I would need to wait 45 minutes for my car. So I watch these two idiots with attitudes make fun of customers, check out every woman who came near the counter and display the worst customer service I've ever seen. When I finally did get my car, they tried to put me in a Toyota Camry at the same price of a Cadillac.  He CHANGED my car type to a multi-level downgrade withour even saying anything!  So, he was going to try to just slip me into a different car at the same premium price on a two month old reservation...after waiting 40 minutes.There was one shining star in this experience.  Liz (or Lisa?) in the loading area saw our distress and made it right.  She was wonderful.  The two losers at the counter should be fired. I wish I took the names so I could put them on here.   Liz (or Lisa?) should be running the place.Stay away... at least until someone gets rid of the meatheads at the counter.
4	Hertz in Sky Harbor always seems to upgrade me at no charge. This week was a Camaro with 2 miles on it!!! I needed a car for 3-4 people, but could turn down the muscle car. Service here is always good, and returns seem to be fast, except on Fridays and during baseball spring training. The offsite airport location is way, way offsite and it would be really nice if SkyHarbor put a highspeed rail link to this rental car location. (Improve upon the SFO design).
5	Very easy to locate layout! Clean vey well organized and helpful staff in Phoenix
1	I've been Duped by Hertz Rental. I rented a 3 day car for my Phoenix vacation thru Priceline.com. My bill for that was around 95.00 dollars. When i arrived at the Hertz counter this is when the mistakes (on my part) happened. I was charged 199.57 dollars for Insurance!! Usually insurance is about 9 to 11 dollars per day. But no insurance amount was not explained to me. I do remember the person asking if i wanted a Camaro, when i asked and she told me how much more it would be i quickly declined. But the insurance wasn't clarified. I can tell you at this moment i will NEVER EVER rent from Hertz. If I am offered Hertz from Priceline, Travelocity or any other site I will delete and cancel my booking. This is a total rip off and I am a sucker you swindled.. All i can say right now is "Lesson Learned". But I will be sure to Loudly discourage any of my friends, family, non family members or anyone who will listen to me (and they will) on why they should stay away from Hertz. Budget and Avis are much better at services. Oh i didnt mention how ridiculous it was in Phoenix at the rental place where i was actually talking to a box to rent the car. Not a person, a box. You have a whole stand with at least 20 computers where actual humans used to work but now we as customers talk to a box where we get ripped off. If i had the ability to make a commercial about how bad Hertz rental is i would...Oh wait, i have Youtube for that... Wow! I can't wait for my Free Ad to go viral! 2012 will be a really good year for up and coming viral videos... Hope to hear from you soon!A very unsatisfied customer,
3	Car was typical Hertz: very nice, only 7000 miles. Return staff was courteous, and they personally drove my partner and his mother back to the terminal. She recently had a stroke and can't walk very far. Thanks!One warning: The desk staff puts "roadside service" on every rental and claims that it is Hertz policy. I can't find anything on the Hertz site about it, so it must be a "revenue enhancing" ploy by the local franchisee.
2	I rented a car here to drive from PHX to San Diego for a mini vacation in December.  I know it was around the holidays but the wait to talk to a representative was crazy.  I went in on a Monday afternoon and spent over 30 minutes standing in line to talk to a representative.  While I was standing in line there were not one, but two, customers complaining.  Once I did get up the to counter it was ok service.  The lady was very apologetic about the customer who had been yelling obscenities (yes, that's how upset people were).  She told me one car was available, then when she went to process it through the system it was gone.  Eventually I ended up in a car in the size I reserved and they just happened to throw in their GPS system for free because it was the only way they could get me the kind of car I wanted.  I get the feeling that wouldn't have been a perk if I was willing to pay for it (since they tried to sell me on it before telling me the car had it anyway).  After getting all my paperwork I went on my merry way down to find my car.  The keys were in the car and I was standing by the car waiting for someone to come assist me, which is how it's always been in the past usually.  Eventually another customer came up and told me that there was nobody working the lot and they just expected you to drive it to the "check out."  It would have been nice had someone told me that or if they had signs to that effect.  I am glad I knew to look at the car before getting in since when I got to the "check out" they told me the cameras weren't working and I get the feeling had I not had the insurance they wouldn't have even looked at the car.  The only nice part was that with Hertz you can return the car at any location.  Since I was staying with family in PHX and just renting a car for a few days, it was convenient to not have to go back to the airport and deal with that.Definitely not my best experience renting a car.
2	Inefficient. I didn't think so many things could go wrong with a car rental, until I tried picking up a 2011 Corolla here. The location is really big and a good amount of selection, but the problem is, they have only 2 people working at the main counter. They also had 3 remote agents (webcam with a live person somewhere offsite), but I don't think they could do anything useful... like handing you keys.  I probably waited in the main line for about 45 minutes. It seemed like everyone ahead of me never rented a car before. I think the Hertz agents were spending roughly 10-15 minutes per group. To piss me off more, there were a group of girls, wasting everyone's time by flirting with remote agent. Really ladies? He's probably somewhere in Arkansas and he's most likely not going to meet you four up for drinks tonight. Shut yo' fugly trap and move so people behind you can check in. By the time I reached the front of the line, one of the Hertz agents that was directly traffic told me to go downstairs. What I didn't understand was why this traffic agent couldn't help check people in? I'm pretty sure standing in line is a universal concept the everyone understands. I'm pretty sure we would continue standing in an orderly fashion without her help. Useless!Anyways, I get downstairs and I have to wait another 15-20 minutes. They had 4 live agents there, but again, people flying into Phoenix have never rented cars before. It literally took me 2 minutes to decline all insurances, sign my paperwork, and get directions to my car. The car that I was assigned to was all scratched up. No worries. I documented the scratches, made notes, and took some pictures. While I had the car, I noticed multiple problems with the car. The car had trouble starting up and there were issues with the power steering. Pretty big issues for a 2011 car. I probably wouldn't rent from Hertz again. It took way too long to get in and out of there. When I dropped off the car, there was no one there to greet customers. I was one among 5-6 parties waiting to turn over our rentals. It took about 15 minutes until someone came over to help.I'm pretty sure I wouldn't rent from Hertz again. Maybe it's just this location, but there's too many other options out there for them to treat customers like this. About my Credentials:One of the things I looked forward to growing up was turning 25. When you become as old as me, car rental companies will waive the "underage" drivers. I love driving rental cars because it gives me some variety and a break from driving my Accord. As a tip, always check the internet for coupon codes. Book before you roll up, because you'll save a lot more money that way.
4	This isn't specific to Hertz but the car rental location is pretty far from the main airport. It's almost the distance the AirBart has to travel from OAK to the BART stop and that's far to me. Just bear that in mind if you are in a rush. The rental car shuttle waiting area was packed with people trying to get to Terminal 4 which seems to be where the major airlines fly out of and they only have buses that go to each terminal.Moving onto Hertz. We were lucky, there were very few people around so we didn't have to wait long at all. Getting the car was a pretty simple process and hassle free for us.We were probably just unlucky but the car we got was not in great condition but it was getting on a bit. It was clean and all but there were scratches galore and a few dings. The car ran smoothly so no mechanical issues. - 1 star.It did have what looked like an antiquated GPS inside which was useful but super slow to load and you could drive a mile before it would power up and be usable!Good experience with a well known car rental company.
2	I've been renting for years at this Hertz with no problems, even got some nicer cars like a Prius (which I love since it's my personal car, and that makes it easier to remember where you parked and how to handle the car).But my most recent rental was quite the ordeal.  As a gold member, all I had to do was pull up to the exit for them to print my contract.  However, when I did, I was told that the car was on rental hold.  The guy politely explained that all I had to do was drive through the gate, drop off that car, and then pick any car from the gold area for the same price.  Unfortunately, once you pull through the gate, there are no signs to explain where you should park.  And none of the other employees was as nice as the guy at the exit.  When I tried to park in the return area, the guy at that counter condescendingly asked why I thought I should return a clean car to the return area, then only pointed out the customer loading zone where I was supposed to be after much prodding.Once I got there, there was no one to take the car or the keys. And it seemed that every car in the Gold Choice area had a name already assigned to it... but that could've just been me, since I didn't really know where I was going.  So I just went back to the counter inside, where I had to wait in line again, and then was given a car that was $50 more than the rate that I was quoted for the other...I'll stick with Hertz while the company is paying, but I'm looking elsewhere when it's my own dime.
1	We reserved a car online because it appeared to be a good deal . Once we arrived we found there was an extra daily charge of $13 for spouse to drive. This prompted up to go 2 doors down to the enterprise desk. We found the same type if car for $284 including taxes. The Hertz total price would have been $420!!Hertz desk person was unfriendly he did not even say hello. Just said " license and credit card" .  We were the only ones at the Hertz counter and now we know why.
2	I am here 4-6 times a year.  I have to say in the last hand full of visits there has been a problem with my rental.  I am a gold member and this last rental they have a new system that sends you a text to tell you where to find your car so you dont even have to check the board, sounds great right?  Well they sent me two texts for two different cars.  I went to the most recent texted car and while it was an okay rental it did not have the little extras that the other car did so as has become the drill I went into the office and waited in line to see if I could switch cars....sure! I go get the the other car change over my luggage and drive off....only to find that the AC is not working as well as one would hope for an Arizona rental during a hot spell.The return is always easy although when I mentioned the AC issue I got a song and dance from the guy...you would have thought it was his job to sell me the car not listen to the issue and make note so it could be checked.I am not sure what the problem is but I having thought about it after a week long rental I think this is not unusual for Hertz of late.....While I still think they are better than the rest I think they are sliding down a slippery slope when it comest to Customer Service and Product.
4	I guess the key here is not to deal with the rental counter, as I've been here a couple times without any issues.  I'm a Hertz Gold member so I went straight to through the giant centralized building with all the rental counters, on the escalator marked "Hertz", found my name and space number on the electronic board, found my car in the covered garage (very needed in Phoenix, since it was over 100 degrees and sunny ), and drove away happy.  It was the car type I reserved, and I had no issues checking out or checking back in when I left.  Fellow Yelpers, join Hertz Gold and skip the hassles!
1	One hour wait in line to rent a freakin' car. You're wasting my time. Incentive to never rent from them again! Bye Bye, Hertz. This was totally unreasonable and We had to rearrange our vacation itinerary because of their incompetence. The price wasn't even that reasonable-it was market value. Won't be renting from you again.
1	I rented a mini van for ten days. We realized after two days the door didn't lock. A few days later we got a flat tire. Hertz said I could put on the spare and drive 80 mles to the ElPaso airport or stay in the town overnight and get a van at the local branch. We decided to stay the night in a hotel. In the morning the local Hertz had NO vehicles so I had to drive To ElPaso ( over two hr round trip). When i returned the vehicle and talked to the manager she just gave me a blank stare and told me that she is not required to compensate me because i booked through Priceline. Oh well I still saved 50%.
3	This Hertz lot is off site, about a seven minute shuttle ride from the airport. Staff are nice. I'm in the Gold/President's Club so go right to my car (or select any car in the Gold section) & head out. Nice.
1	Whatever you do, AVOID HERTZ AT ALL COST AT THIS AIRPORT.Since, 2011, I've probably flown into Phoenix 3 or 4 times.  Each and every time I had a reservation and my name wasn't on the Gold marquee when I arrived.  After waiting in line at the GOLD booth, I then had to WAIT for a car.  This rarely happens in any other city.  And, If this is the way they treat a preferred GOLD member, I can only imagine how other non-status customers are treated.  If this were an isolated incident in Phoenix, I could understand.  But, 3 or 4 times in a row is just simply poor management and incompetentence ... and they are not at all apologetic.  Just last week, I almost missed an hour of the meeting because I was waiting 45 minutes for a car.  Ridiculous.Here's the best part ... they sent me a survey and I have them horrible rankings.  The lowest score on the "recommend" scale.  Do you think anyone bothered to contact me?  NOPE.  :)   Then, a week later, they had the nerve to send me an e-mail asking if I would like to post my comments on various social media sites.  Now that's some really incompetent target marketing if I've ever seen any.  Even though this is who I my company negotates rates with and is our preferred rental car providor, I'll have to choose a different providor at this airport.
3	I had a mixed experience. Upon arrival, we were second in line and the line manager scuttled us off to do our business via a machine. I really wanted to talk to a live person, but instead I get one onscreen. We do our business for quite some time and at the end the "system" does not allow the representative-in-a-machine to print our documents. So we end up going to the desk to talk to a person anyway. She can't find our records or basically anything relating to our reservation. Recall the Seinfeld episode: "you know how to take reservations, you just don't know how to hold reservations, and holding the reservation is really the most important part of the process." So 30 minutes after our arrival at Hertz we are shuttled off to see a manager. After some initial confusion--there is apparently a person in Ireland with the exact same name who also had a reservation with Hertz--she gives us a choice of any car we want as a free upgrade. We get a 2012 Prius and really liked it, but when we arrived in Flagstaff later that day and found 20 inches of snow, the wiper fluid container was bone dry which means that the car had not been adequately maintained. I had to buy wiper fluid on my own. When I returned the car, customer service could not refund the amount for the wiper fluid but gave me a certificate for $25 off my next Hertz rental, which I would have gotten anyway by doing the online survey after the return.
5	Rented via United Airlines site. The rate was great. When arriving I received a car upgrade. The customer service was terrific as well. i would rent from this Hertz again anytime, a great location and great experience.
3	The good:  clean cars with GPS built into the dash.  Quick and efficient return.  The bad:  hidden fees, far from the airport (there is a shuttle but it takes about 15 minutes so leave yourself time).  I rented through my corporate rate, and ended up adding a day on because I arrived earlier than expected.  They charged an arm and a leg for the additional day, and there are a TON of additional fees.  Airport fees, Location fees, City Fees, Tourist Fees....I could honestly go on and on.  I'll try another agency the next time I'm in town, which will be about once or twice a quarter.
4	I just love the Gold Club. Love, love, love walking to the lot and getting in my car without any human interaction. As far as this particular location is concerned, yes, it's far from the airport and our trip from lot to airport was 15-20 minutes. Long enough for us to miss our flight. Definitely allow at least 30 minutes for walking and shuttle time.
3	I am a loyal Hertz customer. I am a frequent traveler....when arriving in PHX at the Hertz "kiosk" center, I found it under staffed that day and it made me wonder how many other days were like this here at PHX. I was one of 140 or so in line and it took more than 45 mins. to obtain car. I could have walked off to another vendor. I decided to hang-in-there because they have always given me a good ride. Got a Free upgrade which was good. The staff was **** out of 5. Would rent again.
1	Car had tire low air light on when i picked it up. Car was also DIRTY. 38,000 miles on a rental car?? - On return 15 people waiting for one person to print bills. I left and was charged for gas which the car was full,. after disputing it with corporate hertz it was fixed. This location is terrible. I would will use others. (I am a Presidents club Hertz person as well)
4	The staff was courteous.  For some reason I had to go to the counter despite being a Gold Member.  But it worked out for me as they gave me a free upgrade to a Buick Lacrosse.  I really enjoyed the XM radio and the car was otherwise nice and got good mileage.  Check in was easy and friendly and there was never any pushy sales tactics to purchase all of the optional coverages.
3	Good: The car I ended up with (Chevy Malibu) was clean and in like new condition. I had to go to the Gold service desk to request a new vehicle and the gentlemen behind the desk was more than helpful. Great customer serviceBad: I have Gold service and recently signed up to get mobile updates. I requested a Nissan Altima and when I received my mobile update, it told me my Volkswagon Routan was ready in stall L00XXX....when I looked at the board it my car in stall J something and it was a Vespa or something like that. I had to go to the service desk and sorted it out.
3	Top notch people.  I use Hertz almost exclusively because I can walk out and leave.  Compliant this time is vehicle, Chevy captiva is a horriable vehicle.  Next time I will walk back and ask for something different.
1	What a disaster.  The text message I received showed a car that I didn't want (Hyundai), so I used Hertz's website service to request a different car.  The end result was that what was on my smartphone and what was on their board were different...and ultimately the car that they had actually assigned to me was yet a different one. Waste of my time.  Upon my return, I waited, and waited...and waited for someone to give me my receipt. Shortage of people with handhelds even though it was the height of rush hour. More bad planning from the corporation becomes my problem. The man directing traffic sent me to the customer service booth; attendant there shrugged his shoulders, told me he couldn't help me and sent me back to my car to wait some more. He also asked me to voice my complaint; sounds as though they may be chronically understaffed.  Now, as I call the 800 number to provide feedback to Hertz (at their request/suggestion), my wait time is SIXTEEN MINUTES.  Thus, this public excoriation rather than a private one on an 800 number.OMG, really? REALLY? I typically like Hertz and use them for business and pleasure, but definitely will not do so for my next trip to Phoenix.
1	Still have not returned my cc deposit $200 after 4 days! Pissed! Avoid Hertz if you are trying to speak to a human!
4	Overall I was pretty happy with this location. Just a typical experience. Car was clean and nice. Service was great.
1	Standing in line after paying my money and still no car and no idea when they will have one for me.  Not offered discounts customer next to me was given (AAA) and now they cant even find my car.  Remember the Sienfeld bit about not being able to hold the reservations?  Well its not so funny in real life.I rent cars all the time for work.  I am not going to be renting from Hertz again.  Customer service rep was also rude to my wife.This place is getting $1000+ from me today and frankly I would rather pay more and go anywhere else at this point.  If you have to rent a car do yourself a favor and stay away from this place.Standing in line still.  I am also not the only one.  Now telling me they dont have the one I reserved.Well manager at least is trying.  Too little, too late I am afraid.Woman next to me is livid too.  Not good Hertz.
1	What a joke!!! This Hertz is THE worst car rental place at PHX Airport. We got there and waited in a line for a short period of time so that we could speak to a virtual agent and get the process rolling and thought we were well on our way. WRONG!!!! Fast forward 1 hour later, waiting with about 40 others in the shared space right outside of Hertz and we finally get our very dirty car. Crayons everywhere. Not washed. Not vaccumed. I realize it's March. I realize you probably have more cars going out then coming in. Don't overbook. You guys suck! I'll never rent from Hertz again. Even the virtual agent we spoke to to get our car rental going said what a joke this location is. She said they need to "get it together". I coudln't agree more.On a side note, mini-vans rock!
1	Hertz in general is mostly painless, but if I were to base my opinion solely on the PHX location, I would never recommend Hertz to anyone. I've rented at this location 15-20 times in the last six months and there's always a problem.  They don't even respect exact model reservations, which you're paying extra for.Hertz is generally not the cheapest.  I expect service to justify the difference.  In Phoenix, I am almost always disappointed.I'm President's Circle.  If the lack of service is so glaring to me, I cringe to think how they treat occasional renters.
5	Hi had a problem with the A/C on my rental car I returned it for a exchange the crew at Hertz was very friendly and took of me very fast gave me an upgrade at no charge loved the Camaro the crew at Hertz Sky Harbor Airport are # 1   AAAAA+  can't wait to come back in August for vacation  to rent a car from Hetrz  at Skyharbor Thanks so much Hertz once again ! !!
4	omment: The counter staff was excellent. I don't remember much about the rental - it's been over two months - but I do remember them being friendly and the SUV being very clean.
2	I am very dissappointed with Hertz. I have been a Gold choice member for many years. Since the Gold choice program was initiated, I have opted for the Gold choice vehicle many times. I have never been charged for Neverlost before. I was surprised to see this charge on my agreement. I called Customer service and they referred meto the ticket counter. When I went to the ticket counter, the rep merely shrugged her shoulders and said she wasn't able to do anything. I'm very dissappointed in the customer service and lack of communication on Hertz. Unfortunately, my company makes me use Hertz for business travel. Personally, I've had much better Rental experiences with Enterprise!
4	I love the new feature that allows Gold members to choose a different car, when the one that's been pre-assigned doesn't suit their needs.
1	The Phoenix airport experience is horrendous. This is my second time this year and likely my last. Understaffed, one person checking in cars at 6:30am, aloof indifferent staff. Awful. I get stressed each time I rent there. I won't put up with it anymore.
1	We paid premium price for a premium car. We got a Nissan Maxima which looked fine but was in poor mechanical condition. There seemed to be structural damage or badly aligned wheels and suspension as the car was swaying dangerously on highway.. UNSAFE. Hertz did not have a location nearby to exchange the car and refused to drive anyone to our destination to switch out the car for us.
1	Had the worse experience. Ruined our 1st day of our short vacation.We had a short flight to Phoeniz(from Ca.), arrived at the Hertz line and the attendant yelled to all standing in line "just so you know, there is a 2 hour wait to get a car". I seriously thought she was joking. She wasn't. The flight was shorter than the wait for the car!Many people went to other car rental agencies, but we had pre-paid,and were screwed.We had an appointment we missed, many others in line missed or where late for graduations.I have never heard of a wait like t his for a car.The kicker was when we finally did get a car,we saw there were tons of Hertz cars in the garage. Furious, I asked why they hadn't given us one of the cars they had in the lot.They said they save them for "gold card members". We were not offered an apology nor any compensation. I will NEVER use Hertz again.
5	Being Gold Star, my car was waiting for me when I got there. All I had to do was start car and check out. Great service.
4	I had a great experience at this Hertz (but maybe because I had a horrible one at Payless that I am saying this).  Very friendly customer service.  Process is efficient.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Can't beat it.
1	Took longer to rent my car than fly here.  Absolutely ridiculous.  I was told it would be a 30 min wait and it's been three times that- still waiting... All the chairs in their lobby are full of angry customers.
2	BAD:  2 weeks in a row, and I had to stand in line to get a car.  Really bad!They have a $30 surcharge on all rentals.They over-charge fuel usage for a hybrid car.The workers can't do simple addition.Go to NATIONAL!
3	Phew!   All of these Yelp reviews had me seriously worried about arriving at PHX and renting a car, but thankfully, the experience was [relatively] seamless.I am rather flexible when it comes to rental cars - give me one that gets me from A to B safely, has satellite radio or Bluetooth for music, and is clean. If it happens to be a fun, red sporty version of the above, then all the better!Red Camero for same price as a Geo - okay.Drive through check-out was efficient, as was the drop-off.  10-15 minute basic shuttle drive between Hertz & PHX (no wait at either end).However.......with only 3 people in line, and 2 more at front with Hertz reps, a wait of more than 10 minutes seems ridiculous.  Seriously, folks, you are renting a car, not adopting a child.  When another Hertz employee walked through the waiting area, we asked what the chances were to have the "live help" - none, evidently, as the wait was even longer for your digitized live lady as it was for the actually-live people right in front of us.  Okay.  Then it turns out that Gold Members can pass through this absurd process, go downstairs following the non-existent signs and find your name on the board.  Yes, this is what I'm used to.Except name not on board.  Damn.Walked inside the "Gold Members Only" (oh, why do we have to be so pretentious?!), and someone came out to help with "are you a gold member"?  I so wanted to ask what the secret password was, but my companions were getting a bit testy.  Yes, I am; just want a car.  "Is your name on the board"?  Okay, even if it was, and I was oblivious to the members-only board process, would it hurt you to look my name up anyhow?No, not on the board.  "Oh!"  Now we're getting serious.Name searched; found; car assigned; directions to car given; car found; check-out; drove on.Take home message: Sign up to be a Gold Member (it is free), call ahead to ensure your reservation is current (I did so, after reading these reviews), and you should be good to go.  Or, if you don't have to rent a car at all, this is always a great option :-)
3	Hertz is definitely for the frequenter renter - if you sign up for their rewards system, you can skip a lot of the headaches like waiting at the counter and haggling with an agent.  Just spend about 5 minutes online creating your profile and you are good.The cars at this location are slightly above average and I have had quick and seamless transactions all around.  My only real criticism is the location - no matter who you use, you need to take a shuttle bus to the rental car center.  I am sure whoever designed the place thought it was a good idea, but it can really extend your trip!
4	Very efficient.  Would have been a 5 star if the staffer wouldn't have lied to me about the price of gas. The option of "prefilling" the gas tank was offered to me and I asked about the price.  $3.39/gallon was the prefill price (which means you don't have to fill up the tank before returning the car).  I asked what the going rate of gas was on the street since I was visiting the area and didn't know. She told me $3.59/gallon. Which, yes, it surprised me.  It is really cheaper to prefill through Hertz?  Well, I went for it of course.  Then, to my surprise (not), the first gas station I saw was $3.29/gallon.  Hmmmm, don't like a sales job that involves a lie. I would have done it with the truth too, just for the record.
3	Efficient Hertz.  I came to Phoenix on an evening flight and everything was taken care of - no craziness and extremely efficient.  Friendly service when I left so all was well. 3 Stars.
1	I have a reservation. They have no cars....for anybody. Not sure how this works as a business.
4	Great location, short shuttle ride to/from the airport.   They have super sport cars to rent if you have the $$...I only wish I could get upgraded to them!
1	Booked through hotwire and was told casually "I see you have a midsize here" with no discussion of any possible upgrade or fees and assumed I was getting what I reserved. I believe at the end after I had declined insurance / prepaid gas that she even confirmed that nothing was being added. I trusted her and didn't look through the agreement in full in enough detail apparently, and found afterwards that I was charged for an upgrade to a full size. Tried to dispute it on the phone afterwards and after being sent to multiple agents and speaking to a supervisor, they were not able to reverse the charge, even though they agreed that I should have been asked about the upgrade. Dishonest - make sure you read your contract closely before signing as this was either intentionally misleading by well-trained employees or unintentionally misleading by poorly-trained employees.
5	Easily my favorite rental car company and first choice when I'm traveling on business.  As a Gold Member, it's an easy rental process for me.  The car is waiting for me to pick up.Since my last review, they've continued to deliver high quality service and provide great cars.  Not much has changed since that review.  The only downside to this rental car company is cost.  They're always the highest rental fee per day....but you have to pay for quality.  Return Factor - 90%
3	Just ok
1	2nd time in a row that they have overbooked and now I am waiting for a car. Why bother making reservations when they don't have enough cars! I was supposed to pick up my car at 11:15 am and it is 12:30, and they say it will be ready in another 30 mins. Whoever the operations manager is should seriously consider other career paths, because clearly this is not an area of strengh!
1	Worst rental car experience we've ever had.When we picked up our car, guests with reservations had a 45 minute wait for their car AFTER checking in. Despite the wait, when we got to the counter the "trainee" with the Giants shirt tried and tried to up sell us. No explanation or compensation for the wait was offered. Dropping off our car was even worse. The lady had made an error when we checked in and the guy who handled the car return tried to charge us an extra $100+. When we explained what happened, he told us "not my problem" and walked on to the next car. We asked him where we could get help and again he replied "not my problem." He wouldn't even direct us to the office (early flight, regular office was closed). We get it, delays and account problems happen. Our experience was bad because of the way it was handled by Hertz and the employees. BOTTOM LINE--Its not worth renting from here, even if the rates are low.
1	Same exact experience here as Paul L.. Had prepaid the reservation on Hotwire, so I am obviously cost-conscience going into this reservation. Rep ("Jas") suggests a Chevy Sonic for "comfort" with no mention of an extra cost. Now having reserved a compact car (Nissan Versa), I assume that they don't have it and are suggesting another compact car. That assumption cost me $100.Calls to the company immediately after returning the crap car resulted in "sorry, you signed for it". Left a message with the Phoenix agency itself that was never returned.Obviously, dishonesty is systemic with this company and I urge you to avoid doing business with them.
1	We rented from Hertz in October.  When we were taking the shuttle to the airport, we noticed that we had left a bag in the backseat of the car.  We called the rental office when we arrived at the airport (20 minutes after leaving the car) to report that our items were left in the car and give a detailed description of items (which included a reading tablet).  They stated they could do nothing for us, other than take a claim and give us a number.  We never heard back and they never located the items after I have contacted them several times to inquire.  It wouldn't have been that difficult for them to call down to the car return when we initially called or to locate the individual who signed off on cleaning the car to inquire about the items.Poor customer service and unethical employees.
1	I guess I should of waited and read reviews on rental. 2 hour wait and had no clue what they sold me. Every seemed lost. Never in my right mind would I think a car rental place would have such nasty service. Go to Avis instead!
1	on 11/7 i rented a car from the phoenix sky harbor location thru priceline.com until 11/11. when i arrived, my car was not even there and ready even though i prepaid for the car in full and in advance. i was told that there was a two hour wait for a car and there were 30 people waiting ahead of me for their car as well. that was strike #1. strike #2 when i finally received my car it had someone else's name on it once he scanned it and i was not allowed to leave with the car until they made the name change. strike #2. finally before i was able to leave the attendant told me for my trouble he was gonna give me a free tank of gas. on 11/15 i look at my bank account and my account has been charged the $54.82 for the gas. strike #3. unacceptable. hertz is so unprofessional and does not handle it's business practices correctly. this is the worst customer service experience i have had from a rental car company. i usually rent from enterprise and have never had issues such as these. i want these charges reversed immediately. i am not paying for the gas that i was promised would be free. you  can email me at raybozz@gmail.com. i want this resolved immediately. thank you. i have called the hertz location and left a message, filed a complaint online and called the corporate headquarters but they are closed today.
2	Arriving the day before thanksgiving i had expectations of waiting in line due to the level of travel activity, not bad service.  After getting off the shuttle bus I walked to the reservation area and saw there were three open windows with a customer at each window and 1 person in the line in front of me.  I had already reserved my car and figured I would be dealing with a service rep within 10 minutes.  15 minutes later and not 1 of the people that was checking in when I arrived had moved along.  From what I could observe it  was mostly due to the employees having no sense of concern for the two of us that were waiting in line.  I understand there is a need to be social with the client that is in front of you but there also need to be a concern for the people that are waiting behind them.  Last time I rented at this location through a different agency and the experience was much better.
1	Worst car rental experience in my life. The main issues were that we received such a small car it would not go uphills very well, it just had no real power. Fortunately where we were going in Arizona was pretty flat. But once we got from Phoenix to Tucson, we just parked this POS and borrowed a vehicle that had some power. Hertz did not honor the priceline agreement we had made - so also avoid priceline as well. We also agreed to refill the tank, and told the sales clerk we were driving to and then back from Tucson. Any decent customer service agent would have told us there are no gas stations near the Hertz and we should have exited the highway much earlier to find one. We ended up paying over $60 is gas at about $10 gallon. We were also charged extra for a driver (even though we had a Hertz gold card and are partners). We ended up paying over $60/day for a POS Mazda with no room and no pickup. I always get compacts, but this car should not be on the streets. This is my last Hertz rental.
3	Good job Hertz Sky Harbor!  After about 6 rentals over the past 6-8 years, I finally had a good experience last night!This is a VERY large location.  Situated miles from the airport, the shared rental car shuttle picks up everyone from the airport at once, and drops everyone off at the central rental car location. Since I am a gold member, I should be able to go right down the escalator, see my name and car space on the digital board, go right to my car, load it up, and leave...as the keys are already in the car.  Easy peasy!  Well, last night was the first time this happened without a flaw.  Yay!Previous times, I have had all kinds of hiccups: 1) my name wasn't on the board at all, so I had to go to the counter and wait in line (20-30 mins), 2) my name was on the board, but no car space listed, so I had to go to the counter, 3) name and car space listed, but no car in the space!, so I had to go back in line, 4) #2 occurred, but I had they needed to enter my new Drivers License (couldn't that have been flagged when I made the reservation 2 weeks before?), 5) etc etc.Anyway, they move from a 2 to a 3 from this recent experience.  The car was also super clean and smelled good.  I am thankful!
4	I've rented from here a few times now and it's always gone off without issue.  I usually book a compact, because it's just me on business for a couple days, and seems like every time I rent a compact I get upgraded because they run out of compacts- ok!  This last time I ended up with an SUV!The cars are always clean, usually pretty new (SUV only had 7000 miles) and I've never had an issue with getting in and out.  I signed up for the Gold membership this last time, it's free!, so it was especially easy to skip the line and go straight for my car.  My company gets an incredible discount with Hertz, and with service/cars this good, I have no reason to stop using them for the foreseeable future.
1	AWFUL!!! Even if they offer a better deal, they might be taking your money and then say they don't have cars available. After waiting for an hour and 45 minutes (and talking with them 4 times to figure out what was going in), they finally said they had a car available for us. When we got to the lot, there were so many cars there! There must have been AT LEAST a couple hundred. I will never rent a car from any Hertz rental car locations ever again. Standing in a crowd of angry customers for almost two hours is not the way I like to start my long awaited vacation that is supposed to he relaxing.
1	If there were a way to give negative stars, I would.  My experience began on 11/27/13.  I had made reservations to rent a car for a road trip to California.  Everything went smoothly until I tried to leave the lot in the car.  The gate attendant swiped my credit card continuously until it finally rejected.  He then sent me back to the desk, saying my card had been rejected (there was plenty of credit when I pulled in to the rental center).  The desk clerk and the manager on duty tried to help, but it took them over 2 hours to find the merchant number the bank needed to back out all the unnecessary authorizations that had been placed.  For my trouble they upgraded the car and told me to bring it back on an empty tank.  This was also noted on my reservation/rental agreement in the Hertz system.  When I returned, the check in person alerted me that I had brought the car back empty.  I told them what happened, and she sent me upstairs to the main desk.  The clerk I had been working with was there and remembered the situation, and she quickly made more notes in the system and tole me everything was fine, don't worry about it.  4 days later, a charge for $145 appeared on my credit card - FOR A TANK OF GAS - because I had returned the car empty.  So, I called the rental agency and talked with the manager on duty.  She promised to look into it and call me back within 3 hours.  That did not happen.  I called again, this time reaching the manager I had been working with on 11/27.  After 3 phone calls, including on to my credit card company, I was assured the charge had been reversed and everything was fine.  NOT SO.  A month later, the gas charge is STILL on my card. One would think that after the initial problem, the actual agency manager would step in and make sure everything was fixed.  I have never once heard from him, despite all the hours and trouble I have amassed in just trying to rent a car for 3 days.  I must say, this is by far the worst rental experience I have EVER had.  I will never rent from Hertz again, ever.  If you choose to, be very careful about the charges.  Check, check, and double check.  Better yet, find another company to rent from.  That's what I intend to do.
1	I made the reservation via Hotwire and prepaid the rental cost. When I arrived the Hertz PHX, that was a long wait (more than 45 mins) to get to the counter. The guy in the counter asked me if I would need rental coverage. I told him that my credit card has rental insurance and I declined the coverage. He finished the paperwork and asked my signature for rental form. I signed the form thinking that it's the usual procedure to agree the rental information, however, I found out later that I got charged $137 for the coverage.  I called Hertz Billing Dept., they refused to correct the billing saying that the have my signature for accept the charges. I have never experienced anything like this with any rental companies. I am not sure if they do it on purpose or it's a mistake while they are filling out my paperwork, but I have to pay $137 for coverages that I declined. I'd never rent from Hertz again!
1	Worst car rental experience ever!!I rented a car here through Hotwire on 12/27. They made us wait over two hours for our car. Then they said if we wanted a car right away, we would have to pay an additional $16 per day for a higher performance vehicle. They should have given us the higher performance vehicle with NO extra charge, since they dropped the ball!I also needed to rent the car for an additional day and they said it would cost me $150 for just one day! The customer service is terrible at this Hertz and the management is totally unethical, to say the least. I called Hertz's customer service after the fact and all they could do was offer me $25 back.I will NEVER rent from Hertz again! EVER! Use anybody but Hertz. And at this location there are like 10 other choices you have, so avoid them like the plague!
5	Every convenient service. Pick up is easy with golden membership, which is free to apply. Return is quick with nice and helpful staff. Note that in rental cars are all off site in Phoenix so plan an extra 20min for your return!
1	We arrived to pick up our vehicle having a reservation.  Despite the line not being particularly long they took forever.  Everything they tried to sell to my husband he declined.  Despite that we turned in the car being charged $337.77 for 3 days for a Camry despite having a quote of $142.08 for a Corolla.  One of our charges was for an upgrade which they say my husband agreed to although he never did.  Another thing they did was charge us for fuel.  They told my husband it was cheaper to have them fill up the vehicle when he returned the car.  That may have been true if the vehicle was returned empty.  They charge you for a full tank of gas despite what you use.  They failed to mention that.  I'm sure it was it the small print somewhere so our mistake but consider it a warning.  They left out the important fact which is deceiving.  We returned a car with 3/4 of a full tank and were charged $54.72 for fuel.  I will not use Hertz again.
1	I'm a frequent traveler to Phoenix and a Hertz Gold Member. This is by far the WORST car rental service I've experienced! My last four visits had one or two employees working the counter and a line that went well outside the door. Took over an hour each time to get a vehicle.  Turn-in is even worse! One employee trying to check-in 15 cars when people have flights to catch is a joke! I finally said "F" it today, drove my car to the check-in, saw the same one dude trying to check-in all the cars with all the people waiting, so I left it and the keys in the car and walked away...had a flight to catch!  I give them one star because there isn't an option for ZERO stars!
1	Had to give up on them---say something, I giving up on YOU. The more you rent from them, the crappiest cars they try to pass off to you. I am now renting from Budget and others.
1	I will NEVER rent from Hertz again!!Hertz rental is quite possibly the worst rental agency ever. Unorganized and you will spend at least an hour getting a car and returning the vehicle is a nightmare as wellTalk about unorganized and slow. It usually takes maybe 5 min to check out a vehicle and less than that to turn it in. Just pull up hand over the keys, they check the miles and gas, hand you a receipt and you're on your way. Not at this Hertz. Hertz is not the preferred rental agency for my company but I purchased a rental on Hotwire because I combined a little fun with my business trip. Cheap rental? Check. Get to hertz after I land and of all the rental car agencies Hertz was the only one with a line. Over 50 people waiting and more were coming behind me. They didn't have enough check in agents working and trying to use their computer kiosk to bypass the line was a bust because the computers were down. Ugh. An hour in line later and I finally get to the desk. The agent is out of the mid size vehicle I requested. Heck he's out of everything except gas guzzling full size SUVs. But he'll upgrade me for just $70/day. Heck no! I told him he'd give me a car at the $17.95 rate I pre purchased on Hotwire or else. It took my request to speak to a manager before I was given an "upgraded" Prius for the original price. Another 30 minutes of my life I can't get back. Rental car return: pull up and wait because there's only 2 agents checking in vehicles. If you trust them to correctly document your miles and gas go ahead and leave and you should, hopefully, get a receipt emailed to you. After the nightmare I experienced at check in I decided to wait. After standing there for about 10 minutes a porter walked up asked me if he could help. He wrote down the miles and gas and escorted me to a manager. I bypassed everyone in line because of this kind gentleman. I told his manager to give him a raise and I tipped him for being so helpful. Sadly, everyone is still waiting to check in their vehicles as I write this. Good luck catching your flights.
1	Will never rent from Hertz at the location again!     It is absolutely ridiculous to wait in line for over an hour to rent a car when you have a reservation.   Then, they did not have any cars in the class i rented, so we had to wait for the garage to find one and log it in, another 25 minutes at the counter waiting for a car.     They finally had to upgrade me as I was upset.    I was 30 minutes late to my appointment.    Worst part, their employee walking around saying that this is how it is every March because of spring training.   Well, if it is, wouldn't an experience manager add additional staff to compensate?  And I have rented from other agencies in March at this airport, longest wait was 15 minutes.
1	So it is 12:30 in the morning and there are 14 people ahead of me in line and 4 more behind.  I could except this much easier if there was more than one Hertz employee working.I will never rent a car from Hertz again
1	Terrible service. We booked the car and forgot our gold status number on the reservation. We got to the counter and they told us that they could not add it! We had to call the 1800 number in order to get it on, then we waited in line again because that changed our reservation number. The incompetent manager finally came over to try to help, though it took 30 mins. Got to the car, it was in terrible shape, went back to tell them about it and the manager told me to fill out a form and that it would be fine. He didn't even care to look at his vehicles. Not surprising how unprofessional he was, he was in jeans and sneakers. Please don't go here.
2	I'm a loyal hertz customer and rent about a dozen cars per year. I am never impressed with this location. I have had more reservation snafus and high mileage, dirty cars here than any other location including countries where English is a second language!  This time the biggest issue is that it is Spring Break for many families and PHX is quite busy. You would think that any travel related business would take that into account and staff up accordingly but not here at Hertz PHX. See my photo. Lines to exit are jammed and long. There are 6-7 exit lanes. Only 2 were staffed and all others closed so they creates a huge bottleneck o exit the lot. 24 min just to exit the rental car lot. Very, very lame.
1	Epic failure for weekend rental during spring training. Used pipelines. One hour wait at counter another 20 minutes at checkout.  Phoenix staff is horrible. No sense of urgency and no apologies. Every other counter was empty. No cancellation with pipelines. Not worth the savings.
1	I rented a car from Tuscon to Phoenix.  My bill was overcharged.    I called them repeatedly on hold or I would start talking and they immediately transfer me once they knew I was not renting.   Transfer then another hold.  Customer service collectively is awful no one assumes responsibility.   There overpriced for nothing,  why not rent from hotwire, priceline, even enterprise is cheaper by 100 dollars for a 2 day rental.  does not make sense to rent with Hertz   very frustrating experience.
1	Horrible experience.  Not sure it's worth using Hertz ever again.  Live chat is not a good idea with the system they have currently.  3 machines were down and the line was growing.  Not sure how this is good for customers.  Plus, the phones you use for love chat are filthy.  Absolutely not user friendly.
3	I like that the car rentals are in a separate building and located together, very convenient.The Hertz line was super long and waited 30 minutes.  We talked to a customer service rep over the phone via video and it was quick, look about 5 minutes to get our car. It took forever to get out of the parking lot, they have about 8 stations but only 2 open. I forgot my bag in the rental car and we filled out a report online.  The bag was retrieved by my cousin in PHX a few days later with nothing missing, including an iPad.  I am very grateful!!
1	I waited for an hour in line until I finally got to where there were only 5 people in front of me. This part of the line took an additional 30 minutes!! Two people went on their break. The manager stopped working the kiosks, so I stepped in and did the job for him, calling customers over when a rep would answer the phone. We finally got the vehicle, and then waited another 30 minutes to get out of the parking lot. We were late for the game that day which was the entire reason we were in Phoenix. When I returned the car, they charged me an additional $85 for an under age driver fee, when the primary driver was not underage, and the receipt they gave us at check out was entirely different. I was also charged that amount twice :) I have now emailed and called twice, with no response. This was by far the worst car rental experience I have ever had, and hope I will ever have.
1	Lame policies.  You turn in a car a 1/2 hour late (at the airport) you get hit with late fee of $24.30.  Not sure the other big boy rental companies are much different, but for what its worth I would look to a different company next time.  Maybe there is a company out there that has a short grace period for returning a car to the airport.
1	The worst.  Their agents are trained to keep you at the counter FOREVER trying to convince you to buy more insurance, etc.  You would think people were buying a house as long as it takes.  Ridiculous.
3	I've rented cars here a few times. I have never had a problem getting a car and am usually in and out in a minimal amount of time. I have always had a reservation, but I was not always part of their club.For what it is worth, I'd suggest joining their Club Gold. It doesn't cost anything and, if for no other reason, you can walk to your car and skip both the queue and upsell at the counter.I have always been able to return my car in a reasonable amount of time -- at least on par with the other agencies and other airports. They usually scan my car's barcode, print a receipt and send me on my way.As always, your mileage may vary...
1	We flew to Phoenix for spring training, our flight arrived in the morning and we ended missing most of the game because of Hertz. We waited almost 2 hours in line.. They have these kiosks where people from a call center help you over the phone, which is great, although the manager stopped working them so no one was using them. I picked up his job and started calling customers over to the kiosks as reps were answering. There were 3 people working, then two went on break with at least 45 people in line. When I was finally 6th in line, it took an additional 40 minutes. When we finally got our vehicle, we waited another 30 minutes to get out of the parking lot, because again, only two people were working. When I returned the car, I had fee upon fee upon fee. I booked a vehicle for 3 days for $32/day through hot wire. I ended up paying $490. They said I chose a $30/day optional insurance.. I would never. I got one fee reversed because they messed up, saying we were an underage driver, but the other one the rep over the phone said I had to contact the Phoenix branch. I have called this branch 7 TIMES. 7. I have left a message every time and I have never received a call back.I will never rent from Hertz again. Their customer service sucks and they rip you off.
1	Received worst service from the customer service rep in hertz gold office. My name wasn't on the board, and she acted so rude. What's the point of being in presidents circle. ?
1	This place sucks. Took a full bus to the rental area (15 min ride). Stood in a huuuuge line. Only 2 people at the front desk w a lady directing traffic. Two of the kiosks on our side were out of service, the one that we used had a broken screen (so much for video call). We'd have rather had a real person but after waiting around for an hour, we just wanted out. Got lost trying to find the escalator to the car. Got to the lot, found the car, not what we wanted w no nav (when we specifically requested it). Nobody was there to speak with. And the bill was double what the price of the rate was. We have wasted so much time, had very poor service, and are still not happy. Going to try to swap out the car at a better, more service oriented Hertz.
1	Nope! Snotty Nicole tried to up sell us and when we politely declined she gave us the crappiest car they had.  It came complete with tons of paint damage, mildew smelling AC and suspension that allowed us feel every crack in the road.  Won't rent here again.
1	Just waited over an hour. No car, no explanation or why. I canceled the reservation via the national customer service line explaining what was happening. Not even an apology!
1	Worst car rental and customer service  experience of my LIFE. When I rent a car a few weeks in advance of my trip, it better be there. My experience began with a 30 min wait in line (at 10pm on a Wednesday). There were only 2 or 3 reps yet a long line of customers. Meanwhile other rental car lines were moving along relatively speedily. But this wasn't what irritated me. No, the reason I'm leaving a review is partially to pass the HOUR+ I've been waiting to receive the car that should have been ready for me at my designated pick-up time. I would understand if I was a walk-up customer and there weren't cars available. But how are there not cars available when my reservation was in the system (along with the dozens of irritated customers). This is absurd.  The worst part is how flippant the rep was about it - no attempts to remedy the situation, no apologies even. We were also given a 45 min wait time but were told it would likely be much "sooner." Well it's been 1:15 and still no car.To add insult to injury, we noticed that other people who had come after us had gotten their cars and then were given the advice by a fellow sufferer to talk to a rep because they weren't coming out to the waiting area and calling our name as they had promised. She had gotten bypassed and had we not talked to the rep, we would have too. I will NEVER give business to Hertz again and will be sure to spread the word, starting with this review. If I could, I would rate Hertz  negative 4 stars instead of 1.
1	Hertz is horrible at this location. As a frequent traveler car return was a joke. 20 people waiting no one  checking in cars. After waiting 15 minutes I got disgusted and left. They charge more and there is no excuse for wasting 20 minutes of my time when on a flight schedule. So much for hertz "trying harder"
4	PHOENIX: This Hertz is good; they have a ton of cars, plenty o upgrades, and a big, cushy rental car center.  No complaints.  I had an issue once with a car that had expired tags, and they were good about it and gave me a $100 voucher for my troubles.  Join Gold Club so you can get fast cars and discounted pricing.
1	Very poor service.  Long line, all video kiosks were down.  Then, I leave a sweater in the car and let them know the very next morning, to only find out that they rented the car out without even checking it first.  What's the point of putting in a claim if no ones even going to check the car?  Is there any reason to not double check that car after I called 10 times?  I used to rent from hertz all of the time...I even rented a car for a month from them, but maybe their service has gone down the toilet.  Looms like they lost a loyal customer!
1	Ugggssss, we did Hotwire again and it came up Hertz....more like HURTS!!!!!!  I almost NEVER give one star reviews, but this Hertz Phoenix airport takes the cake and doesn't even earn a star.  Again, two weeks later after renting from Hertz Phoenix airport, we have to use them again. Let's see, again, the longest lines in the Phoenix Airport, yup, check - Hertz, let's see, only two customer service agents with about 35 customers in line, yup, Hertz- check,  non- functioning kiosks (AGAIN) all 7 of them, not working, yup Hertz - check, after waiting for 35 minutes a live person, I'm a Gold Member, but do not honor Hotwire, yup, HURTS, another 10-15 minute upswell from the agent, look lady if you look up my Gold membership all this stuff is on file and we could have saved another 15 minutes, then they don't have a car, upgraded to. Hyundai, did I say upgrade and Hyundai in the same sentence...yup. Done done done....so done.
1	Would rate lower if possible.  Was traveling with a coworker otherwise could have skipped the line.  Took us nearly 30 minutes and there was only 2 other people in line.   One person working the counter
5	I'm a gold member with Hertz and I sometimes use them when i go out of town as their basic car is usually cheaper than taking mine after the difference in gas. Sometimes I like to have something different to drive and get one of the upgrades. This time I took the Camero SS and it was really fun to drive around on the mountain roads in Prescott for the day. The Camero SS cost me about $45 plus taxes for the day. Since I have a gold membership my car was waiting for me when I got there. They have your name on the board as you walk in telling you where your car is located and it is also in lights over the car when you get to it. You just get in, adjust the seat, mirrors, etc, and drive over to the exit where they do a quick check of your license and credit card then ask if you need any upgrades etc. I always buy the full tank of gas because it's cheaper then I can buy it at the pump with my AAA discount and you don't have to have any gas in the car when you return it. They have a nice selection of cars depending on how much you want to spend. The basic Altima is usually about $18 a day and you can upgrade from there. My favorite is the Penske GT.The Gold card is free so get one if you need to rent a car and you can run through the airport instead of spending 2 hours in line upstairs and having to listen to them try to upsell you.
1	If I could give no stars I would! After two flights and finally arriving in Phoenix I was just looking forward to picking up the car I had reserved for a 3 week rental. The lady initially helping me was actually trying to help but her colleague, another lady, a complete WITCH starting chiming in with her rude interruptions trying to set us up with a car far worse than what was promised to us for the same price. She was an absolute nightmare and I couldnt bear trying to deal with her for another second so cancelled my 26 day rental then and there and decided to take my chances last minute at finding a car elsewhere. Luckily, Enterprise next door was incredibly helpful, took the time to show us the cars they had, matched our old reservation's price and set us up with exactly what we needed. AVOID Hertz at all costs and go to Enterprise. You will avoid a huge headache by doing so.
3	It works to get you a car.  They are nearish the airport (with the rest of the car rental places) for an easy return.I'm tempted to give them 2-stars instead of 3, but I got *my* car with a minimum of fuss.  Something with my gold account wasn't set up right so I had to go to the counter instead of having a reserved spot.  Considering what else I saw that day I'm happy I got a car!Unfortunately two other people (that I saw) did not.  One guy was there talking on the phone with customer service and he was obviously quite upset because the rate he thought he had was not the one he got.  He was loudly complaining about how he had already used an hour of his time and was going to just take the car at this point but they would hear more from him.  While this was going one the one clerk behind the counter was helping me get a car.  Typically I can get a choice of car as a gold member (change color or model).  Today I was lucky to get a car since I arrived at a busy time or day.  To get a car the lady had to take one that was recently dropped off and turn it around.   As I had the keys in hand a lady came in with her luggage saying the car she had just been given had a warning light coming on.  At this point I took the keys and left without asking for anything!
3	I'd like to thank Gil at PSH Hertz Rent A Car.  After a frustrating wait in line, he was pleasant and personable, and extremely helpful.   Our car was great.  Thank you, Gil.  We'll look in to the Gold Member program, and definitely use Hertz again.
1	Ug.  First of all - whose idea was it to put all the rental agencies 200 miles from the airport???  Secondly, how is it that Hertz had a line an hour long while all the other car rental agencies had no one in line???  Something is seriously messed up here.  Once I finally got my keys, the parking lot number the car was supposed to be parked in didn't exist which led to the fun "find the rental car" game because there was zero staff in the garage to help.On the way back to the airport, it took us forever to find the car drop-off location because the signage sucked so bad.  The actual process of dropping of the car wasn't bad but then you had to wait for a bus and drive 200 miles back to the airport.
1	Terrible service. The wait was ridiculous. Service was awful. Paid too much for a tiny car. Tried to contact them 2 hours after we picked up the car, no one answered the phone. We left a message no call back. There was a empty bottle of wine underneath the passengers seat!!!! TERRIBLE!!!!!
1	Since when did renting a car feel like losing a kidney!!??  Hertz has a huge reception area in the rental car facility with upwards of 20 desks and 5 cyber kiosks to help their customers.  Well, it's all crap.  There were 2 employees working with customers.  The employees spent more time restarting / rebooting the cyber kiosks, and encouraging us to use them versus helping people in line.  When I tried to use the kiosk, it did not work, on several attempts.  I told the staff and they said, "it works, they're just busy."  Well, if it's not going to help me rent a car, it's NOT WORKING!I was the second person in line.  It took me almost 30 MINUTES to be seen by someone.  Then when I did, it was this punk kid asking the most invasive questions.  He claimed he was doing his job, but I've experienced less involvement during a medical physical.If you have my driver's license and credit card, stop asking me where I'm staying, what city I'll be in, what cities I'll be traveling to, whether or not I'm goig to the Grand Canyon, why I should get the insurance after I've clearly declined it several times.  You're wasting my time!!!To top it off, the employee clearly is used to antagonizing the customers, and getting the last word in.  There was ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE.  What has happened to the rental car industry?  Specifically at PHX!  Strongly suggest you become a Gold/Preferred customer before arriving.  I believe it's free, and you can just walk to your car and avoid the incompetent service team wearing yellow.
1	I recently July 20, 2014) rented a car from this Hertz agency and couldn't believe my experience.  The check in went fine and because they obviously had lots of cars and no customers (I was the only one at the desk) the agent offered me a Mercedes C Class for my one day of rental.  I don't normally drive Mercedes but took her up on the offer,  The car had 20,000 miles and I drove it less than 100 miles.  On my way back to the rental agency, the GPS System stopped working which was difficult but much more challenging was the signal lights and hazard lights starting blinking without a way to make them stop.  I'm a very experienced driver but this was unbelievable.  It took me 1.5 hours to drive to the agency when it should have only taken me 1/2 hour.  When I turned the car in, I asked to see a manager.  The agent went down the row and talked to some women who wouldn't come and talk to me.  Instead, the agent told me that he could drop $15.00 off my bill.  I was shocked.  I wanted to talk to the manager to explain how dangerous it was to drive that particular car and let her know my experience.  She wasn't interested.  Not only was the car a disaster but I paid much more for the Hertz vehicle than many of my co-attendees at the conference.Lesson learned:  NEVER RENT FROM HERTZ
2	I thought paying extra to do business with Hertz at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport would be worth it, but it was not.  I knew they would try to upsell, but they are all Asian people that work there and I can't understand them.  Anyway, I paid premium $ for a compact car (Chevy Spark--very compact) and they are charging me $20 more at the counter for the weekend rental than what my online, prepaid invoice said it would cost (total).  Not worth it.
1	Absolutely horrible. Spent $1000 to rent a 2014 Jaguar XJL for 2 days. Brought it back on time and full of gas. 3 days later I'm getting over $1200 worth of charges on my card from Hertz. Then a day later an automated "urgent" phone call saying I never returned the car. Seriously?!? It takes 4 days for them to realize an $85,000.00 luxury car wasn't returned??? Considering it was already returned, I don't know what's worse. The fact that is was and they had no clue or the fact that it took a machine 4 days to call me asking about it. After multiple attempts to reach the people at the actual Hertz desk at the airport without going through the 800 number and talking to someone in Michigan. I finally had to take time out of my day to drive back down to the airport only to wait in line and then speak to a manager. Never in my life have I met a more lazy, incompetent, unapologetic manger (Veronica). When I walked up she was sitting down in her chair at the desk(no other employee was sitting even though they all had chairs at their computers) I explain the situation and she proceeds to make 4 different phone calls trying to locate the "unreturned" car. After she finds it she informs me it was put to the side so parts could be ordered for it. She asks the person on the other line if she needs to charge me for the parts? Yes apparently I stole the cupholder out of the jag which they valued at $80. Yea ya know they're right that jaguar cup holder just looks and fits so good in my Mercedes. (If you didn't pick up on it that was sarcasm)After much argument she told me I chose coverage for the car when I rented it so I'm not responsible for the cupholder. After wasting quite enough time I asked for a printed invoice of my final bill. She then says she doesn't have a printer. Really you don't have a printer? There is literally over 20 computers at the hertz desk. "I don't have a printer but she does" pointing to an employee next to us helping other people. Bottom line is she was to lazy to stand up and move to one of the other 18 open computers and print my receipt. She told another guy to walk over and do it. Bottom line she was incredibly rude, lazy, disrespectful and made no attempt to offer an apology for the huge mistake and waste of time on my part. After asking at the very end "so no apology what so ever? She offered a measly "sorry" Veronica please do us all a favor and resign or learn some basic manners, take a little more initiative and learn to offer an apology when you know your company is in the wrong.
1	I just rented with Hertz in Phoenix. Having to take a bus to the rental site is a hassle but I don't blame the rental car company for the way that the airport is designed. A lot of people complain about this but Hertz did not design this system, the airport authority did.I arrived at Phoenix with a reservation for a full size car. Apparently all they had on offer was a Toyota Prius. I do not consider this a full sized car by any stretch, nor does Hertz based on its website. Basically they tried to stuff me (I am 6'3") into a lesser car then what I paid for. When I balked,  the agent offered to "upgrade" me to a Chrysler 300 (which is a full sized car). The catch: $20.00 more per day (an over 50% price increase!!!). I was late for a business meeting and did not have time to argue so I took the car (and was irritated).The Chrysler 300 has a voice activated GPS as standard from the manufacturer. Apparently, Hertz disables this convenient (and safe) feature and forces you to use a Magellan GPS which sits on a post on the passenger side and requires the user to manually type in the destination. Aside from being dangerous and inconvenient it did not work well. A really poor set up from a safety standpoint.I spoke to some friends who live in Scottsdale and discovered that the scam where the rental agency claims not to have the size car that was booked and push a more costly "upgrade" is common in Phoenix at several of the rental agencies. In fact, the same thing happened to my friend a week before I arrived.Tip: If they try to tell you they don't have the type of car you booked. Make them give you an upgrade for free. You have a reservation and they should either honor it by renting the correct type (mid-sized, full sized etc.) or give you a better car at their cost.
1	This is my first review. I recently rented through Hertz using AAA. With using AAA, you pay a good portion of your rental up front. I reserved a standard car and was left with an "estimated" balance of $80. This total price was inline with most of the other major rental agencies, including tax, as far as price was concerned. When I signed my agreement the total balance was $166 not $80. When I asked about this I was rudely told that the $80 was estimated, even though it was double, and welcome to Arizona. The next thing I was told that my car was a Yaris, the smallest car that Toyota makes. I tried to argue this, but was told it their "Standard" car. When I got to where the car was I asked someone else, who said that I was supposed to have gotten a "Mid Size." So now I am driving a Versa, the smallest Nissan car made, and paying $80 more than their closet competitor for a "Standard" car and $100 more than a  "Mid Size." I will NEVER rent from Hertz again.
1	Here's an update on my Hertz Rental last month.  I was contacted by a Regional Operations person who was very nice and after a few back-n-forth via email, I was told that they were going to reimburse me but it could take up to 10 business days.  The Operations person got someone else involved and unfortunately, it's now August 15th and no reimbursement.  How sad, I was starting to question my initial written review but not after this fiasco.  Wow, what a disappointment.
5	Went today to drop off camaro I rented returned quick and easy and picked up new car for 2nd stage of my vacation picked up r/t challanger fast and easy once again Hertz A+++
1	Are there fewer then one stars? What an epic fail. I rent a car with the check engine light on. The agent lies to me and says he adjusted the gas cap and it should fix the light. I learn later there is no gas cap.Car fails on the freeway. I call the 800 number ... And wait ... And wait. I call the local number. It goes to the 800 number.I finally restart the car and get to where I am going.Return to the airport. "Customer Service" counter is open but not staffed. "Hector" says I don't start until 8. It is 7:55. Walk across the garage to the Gold Desk. No manager on duty. Nobody seems to have the authority to do anything--all I am asking for is to waive 1/8 tank refueling charge. Thanks for nothing.
1	Horrible customer service! Both times I tried to rent from this airport location, with a reservation, when I got there was told that they had no available cars (even though they had a sign in front that said "cars available") and that there would be a 1-2 hour wait for cars. The lady at the counter was very unsympathetic. When I asked what the point of making a reservation is,  she said explained that it doesnt insure me a car at a given time, it only reserves my rate and a car 'sometime' today. Are you kidding me? Ive been renting at least twice a month with Enterprise for 6 years now and have never had this happen! To top it all off, the lady didnt even apologize for the inconvenience and tells me to have a nice day. Wow. What an ignorant, stupid person that really doesn't give a **** about their job.They DO NOT honor reservations at the time you reserve the car for! DO NOT RENT HERE.
1	My experience with my car rental was not a good one. The car that was showed on the site when I booked the rental was not there. The representative kept trying to get me to upgrade for almost $100 a day extra. I kept saying no thank you. Finally I got to the spot where my rental was supposed to be and it wasn't there. I ended up with a different car and no satellite radio, which I had requested. I won't be retuning to hertz.
1	Last Thursday I flew to Phoenix on business.  I had a reservation at Hertz.  I went to the counter and completed the transaction with the clerk.  Once she charged my credit card and returned my drivers license and went through all of the rules and restrictions, she announced that there would be a minimum wait of 45 minutes as there were no cars.  I heard several other clerks announce this to waiting customers who like me, had completed their transaction.  I had a meeting within an hour and was quite frustrated.  The clerk said she thought she could help me.  She (along with other clerks i over heard) suggested that she could get me a car if i wanted to upgrade to a high end vehicle which would cost be an additional $50.00 plus she would give me a 10% discount on the additional cost.  I was put into a position of missing my business appointment or taking the "deal" she offered.  The cost of the rental car was now $200+ for a 1 day rental.  When i went downstairs to retrieve my car, there was literally over 100 cars on the lot.  I couldn't believe what i saw.  How could Hertz have so many cars on their lot, but not have a car, that i reserved in advance by 2 weeks, not have a standard vehicle for my reservation.  I had no time to go back and address this matter so i put a call into Hertz corporate offices the following day.  As of this writing i have not heard back from Hertz.  I would caution anyone renting a car at Hertz/Sky Harbor International Airport that this might happen to me.  There were at least 3 other customers at the time that I was renting a car, that were told the same situation. I felt completely taken advantage of given the predicament that Hertz put me in - either miss my business appointment or end up paying over $200 for a 1 day rental.
1	I am always suspicious about the Prepay The Gas option so I never get it but the Counter Rep said that if we didn't drive 100 miles they just prorate it at $2.99 or close to that per gallon.  The reps # was #9026.Well, we got the bill today and Hertz ripped us off by charging $9.78 per gallon.  That's ridiculous and the rep who rented us the vehicle clearly lied to us.  This is the worst company in Phoenix.  Use anyone but Hertz because they will 100% try to steal your money.
1	Horrible service. 1 attendant checking in cars, at least 20 cars waiting at any point in time. We had to wait over 15 mins to get checked out. Customer service representative was rude when I asked nicely if they could get more attendants out.
3	I wanted to update this review because I feel that their Customer Service, after obviously reading my initial review was not only quick, but also genuine in their handling of the situation.  Richard reached out to me and offered his help in resolving this dispute and did a terrific job in making me feel like I was being heard instead of giving me basic company line lip service.  I am a firm believer in that how a company deals with crisis or criticism is as important as how they deal with happy clients.  In this case Hertz and in particular, Richard excelled in that regard so I am updating the rating as well to 3-stars because while the initial experience wasn't to my satisfaction, the follow up was above and beyond.  For that reason, and that reason alone, I will do business with them again because everyone deserves a second chance when they come correct after an initial issue.
1	OMG Unbelievably RUDE and unprofessional clerk working at hertz in Phoenix airport. I reserve vehicle and pre-paid on 10-5-14. Got there on 11-6-14 and this Rude "lady" -NOT..  sitting side way in her chair, looking she's being bothered with me and my request to pick up PRE-PAID vehicle and her response is " we have no cars  you NEED to wait one hour and half... they servicing cars!!!!!!!so I ask for manager who was not much better (NO NAME TAGS on Hertz) ask for his name ...he was thinking hard should he give it me or not ...casually sad Jessie...I ask for last name and again thinking... and he sad Smith....I don't believe is his real name.I show him my pre paid reservation.. and he simply lied in my face saying its not charge to your credit card so you are ok ...any ways.. so I canceled my reservation there walk to FOX got brand new car with 8 miles on it.. great friendly service. I am still waiting for REFUND from Hertz ...I talk to David -customer service on Monday 11-10-14.No refund yet...so I will NEVER rent again from Hertz. I can't recommend there FRIENDLY service to anybody....Even 1 star is to much for this location.
1	The one star given is too generous of a score I must add. I visited this location in September and was mind blown by the lack of customer service and BS that they try to pull on you. I must add that we ended up leaving this location and going to another, and when we spoke with the agent at the new location, she was not surprised and told us that this location is based off commission. So if you have a coupon or any type of discount, be ready to get the runaround. My girlfriend and I did have a voucher for two free days and wanted to use them for our reserved vehicle. The lady who helped us started giving us some excuse that since we did not book 24 hours in advance (we booked maybe 18 hours before...) she would not honor them (this is complete BS, when we left we booked at another Hertz location and got our discount no problem). What makes this story funny is she went back to "talk" to her manager and literally 10 seconds later (probably the time it took to walk around the corner) she was back with another excuse. We then asked to speak with the manager and he did the same exact bs and "went to speak with his manager" which took 10 seconds. There is no excuse for the lack of quality service, ESPECIALLY when another Hertz location will give quality service and sell you out for your bad business practices. AGAIN, I was told directly by another Hertz worker that this location works off commission and will try to screw you over if you have any type of promotion deal. Go to another location if you can. BTW, We ended up spending $75 for a cab ride which was never reimbursed.
1	*ZERO STAR REVIEW*Note that I love Hertz and not all locations are like this one. Every employee here would be fired at any other Hertz location. 1) They will knowingly give you a broken car with a smile.2) Do not try calling because NOBODY ever answers the phone (Call while you're in line to see this BS)3) They will steal any item left in your vehicle-WITHIN 1 MINUTE OF RETURNING (This happened to someone else; he sprinted back for his phone, after just dropping off the car, and it was stolen that quickly)4) They do NOT understand common courtesy5) YOU WILL PROBABLY GO TO JAIL FOR BEATING ONE OF THEM UP6) Management doesn't care, because just look at the ratings they have.
1	Think twice before choosing this location and company. Only two agents at the desk with over 20 customers waiting.Only one person at the car checkout. Waited more than 1.5 hours.Not much else to do so why not yelp about it .Get it together Hertz!!!
1	I think yelp is for people who complain but i would just like to put these people on blast. I rented from hertz online got the shuttle from the airport got my car right away because I'm a "gold member" and things were going well, I then was driving through the checkout where they check your license and print your contract and I gave the gentleman my license and credit card and he printed out my contract and returned my credit card and contract together but NOT my license. I should have double checked but I didn't realize I didn't have it back until I was about an hour from the airport. I'm not mad the guy didn't give me my drivers license back and I understand people make mistakes and it's not a big deal. Once I noticed my license was missing is when the problems started. I legitimately called the phone number provided on my reservation as well as online 20+ times and left multiple voicemails. I did not get a single  person to answer or call me back. I only rented the car for the day and really needed to locate my license because I had to show identification for my flight later. I ended up calling a hertz in a different state where they actually answered and took down my information. They also informed me that they could not get a hold of anybody and wished me luck.I went back to the airport and informed the first person what happened. He got me in contact with a manager where he went and looked for my id and couldn't find it. While he was looking I called them and watched 6 employees not answer the phone. I have tried to call multiple times a couple days later to see if my license turned up. Of course no answer. Do not use this location. I paid 150 for a 4 hour rental and a lost license. Learn how to answer a phone.
5	First I must say I read the reviews and was quite worried with all the bad comments of waiting in super long lines and crappy cars!! I tried to get there early but that didn't happen because it was a little hard to find... So we walk up and yea, no line. There was 2 workers and both of them were with customers, we might have waited 10 minutes. The girl who helped us was super friendly and yes,  she did try to upsell us to a bigger car. No biggie,  I booked the compact size on hotwire so we did end up paying extra for a bigger car but she wasn't super pushy or rude or anything. The car we chose was like brand new though it did have a small dent and the guy checking us out at the gate didn't ask us we had to tell him there was a dent and a scratch. So pretty great experience for us! I'll check in again after we return and see if it's still 5 stars :)
1	We returned our car at this location before flying home.  We filled our gas tank  to full.  The return employee handed us a receipt that said full tank (8 out of 8).  My husband was checking our credit card statement and realized we were charged more.  He called and the customer service rep said her record indicated 7 out of 8 in...In other words not full, so they charged us an additional $17.  Now we are disputing this charge. We have spent an hour now disputing this by calling and then having to send an email etc...not what we we really wanted to do on a day off. Now we will wait to see if they will give us our money back....that they had no right charging in the first place.  Get it together Hertz!
1	DO NOT RENT HERE. Yes they have the biggest car selection at the airport, but it is not worth it. I rented through a third party and was treated like crap because of it. I was not allowed to speak to a person in the building, instead i was relegated to an intercom system with someone in Florida. The best part is she said "Ok this is the car you are getting... and these are the colors it comes in." One week later I see my bill and they said I chose an upgrade at an extra FORTY FIVE DOLLARS A DAY. NEVER, NOT ONCE was the word UPGRADE ever used when this lady told me about my car. And when I tried to dispute it the "best they could do was half  back." I was blatantly lied to and never told about any upgrade. This place is horrible and I will never rent here or go through the 3rd party again.
