1	Never again, this place is gross.  I got a dozen donuts at the drive through and asked for no cake donuts.  When I got home and opened the box all there was were cake, so I hopped in my car and took them back.  I watched the lady take them and put them back on the shelf to be resold.  I could have spit all over them, or poked every single one of them.  Of course I didn't, but to see them be restocked for someone else is just straight up nasty and I know it's a fast food no-no.  Seriously now I'll never know who has been touching my food there, so I won't be back.  It's too bad they have decent coffee.
2	Ok it was a Saturday with a long line and only 2 people working. Still, I needed coffee after Friday night in Vegas.
3	I don't dunk my donuts...do you dunk yours? Does anyone?  Probably not...Weird name and weirder if true.  The grease floats on top of the coffee and looks gross to me.  Anyway, I spent some years in Virginia Beach, VA where Dunking Donuts and Krispy Kreme  are deep fried food icons. KK was good especially hot, but otherwise tastes the same no matter what flavor.  The variety (about 25 types) and freshness of Dunkin' Donuts there made them my favorite. They used to sell about 6-7 types of filled donuts alone...blueberry, lemon, apple, Boston cream, strawberry, cherry, and chocolate, etc. etc. but that was then, and this is now. I come to this Dunkin Donuts every time I'm in town visiting relatives - usually every month or so.  When they opened about two years ago, they had a decent variety.  But now, the selection of donuts has been reduced because they've added sandwiches and bagels.  And I honestly have gotten some donuts that weren't that fresh.  Sometimes I've seen them bring a new batch of donuts from the kitchen to the front. And that's often what I order.  I don't like that you can't see them making the donuts, like you can at most mom and pop shops and Krispy Kreme.  They don't sell turnovers, but there is plenty of employee turnover.  I never see the same face in any two consecutive months.  What I like though, is that this is a drive through.  And the times it was too wet, too hot, too windy, or too cold to step out and walk 30 ft to get inside, it is great to sit in your car and order.   The coffee has never been stale here either.  So if I sound blah, it's cuz this place ain't bad, the selection and taste, compared to most mom and pop donuts are just blah. So this is rated  3"blah" with one exception.  To end on a sweet note, I like the red velvet donut. It's not enough to give it four stars, but props to them for creating this beautiful tasty high caloric treat. Too bad it's' only available until Dec. 31....boo...
3	Staff can be clueless, generally because their employee turnover rate is so high. The donut selections are limited due to all the sandwiches, bagels, food they serve. The coffee is to die for and keeps me coming back. Too bad I can get better donuts at either grocery store close to this place.
2	When you are a breakfast place that is famous for your coffee, and it's morning, you lose serious cred if you can't sell coffee in bulk! How do you let your business run out of the boxes for the Box O Joe? At least provide an IV alternative.... Just sad.
1	I'd give this zero stars if I could! This is twice I have come to the coffee and donut place only to find out they are out of the Box O'Joe! I won't be giving this location any more of my time. Craig Road location, please don't fail me!!
1	Aside from their munchkins, this is THE WORST Dunkin Donuts location. I've been to DD locations all in Japan that have better donuts than this place. I've contacted DD Corporate Office and no reply. I've contacted this location and no reply. My issue is these donuts look like there is a 3 year old throwing frosting around in the kitchen, the coffee is TERRIBLE, did I mention that the donuts would look better if a kindergarten class decorated them? I have figured out why corporate hasn't contacted me back, there is no excuse other than this place is poorly run. The staff are really nice though, I think they just need better training on decorating and making their product look like what their franchise is supposed to produce.
