1	Downstairs bar is now smoking only - no food. I also caught a rumor that they are re-filling their premium liquor bottles with generic brands.  Like I said - Rumor. Used to have great food. Now it has smoking.
5	The Downstairs Bar is exactly what Henderson needs! With sleepier restaurants and wine bars abundant, The Downstairs Bar offers a breath of fresh air for the younger Hendersonians (I believe I have just created a word). It is dimly lit, but not a nightclub, has great tv's, but not a sports bar, and some good music, but isn't a rock concert. It is a great place to grab a weekday spritzer, or spend a night out with friends without having to hit the strip. My friend Jackie held her graduation party here, and it was perfect for all of us twenty-somethings, as well as her grandparents. The Downstairs Bar is a hip lounge that isn't trying too hard to stand out, but it is gaining popularity nonetheless.Recommended drink: The Bartender's own special flavored martiniRecommended Company: Anybody, that's the beauty of it! Your spouse, boyfriend/girlfriend, friends, coworkers, grandparents and dentist could all feel comfortable in this atmosphere!
3	Wanting a more casual atmosphere than upstairs Viaggio, head downstairs for an informal experience among large screen TVs showing the latest sports and couches to kick back in.  We came by early Sunday evening and the place was empty except for a couple of gals catching up over salads and glasses of wine.They do indeed still serve food here, and the menu comes from upstairs.  The BF ordered a rare NY Strip Steak with sauteed vegetables ($12.95), while I ordered the Baked Brie Pizza (prosciutto, roasted red peppers, and basil pesto) for $12.95.His steak came out more medium than rare, which was pretty disappointing.  We didn't bother sending it back since we didn't want wait any longer.  The sauteed veggies were damn good though, nicely done in olive oil.  My pizza was okay, the BF enjoyed it more than I did.  I could have used a bit more salt in it...which makes me think back as to whether or not I even remember seeing any prosciutto on it after all! We've come by on other nights and it was definitely more happening.  It might be worth checking out later on in the evenings or when a big game is on.(You can see pics of our pizza and steak in the business profile section!)
3	Everything about the place is nice except the drink prices.  The atmosphere is like a lounge with dim lighting and plush couches- very comfortable.  Lots of flat-screen TV's as well, and unless you go on karaoke night, it's hardly ever crowded.  You can eat (the food is good) and you can smoke (since they're affiliated with the restaurant upstairs which doesn't let you smoke they can get away with that).  But, when there are other bars in the area that charge $2 for a beer 24/7 and you're charging $3 for a beer during happy hour and even more outside happy hour, it's kind of a deal killer.
