5	Huge burgers, very tasty. Perfect when you are hungry in the middle of the night. My order was ready in less than 5 mins and everyone there was super nice and friendly.
3	This Johnny Rockets is located in the Excalibur Hotel.  Very bright and clean, it offers a good selection of good old fashion hamburgers.  The burgers are excellent.  Very juicy like your mother used to make.  The fries and onion rings are another matter however.  These are both bland and taste like you had picked up a frozen package of fries for the local grocery store- very disappointing for the price.  The only bright spot here was the sweet potato fries; very good.
1	Ordered two simple burgers.An original with only lettuce, mayonnaise and American cheese. And a veggie burger with only lettuce, mayonnaise, tomatoes and cheese.We got an original with tomatoes and onions and a veggie with onions and no cheese. Ended up being the driest and most terrible burger I've had. Should have asked for my money back, go anywhere but here for a burger -__-
2	Something was wrong with the produce - burgers made me and my kid sick. Awesome milkshakes though. Fries were average. Good atmosphere and friendly service. Wish we ate somewhere else.
4	They serve breakfast!  Would have never known this.  Found out by accident!   Eggs. . Omelets,  pancakes,  waffles.   Generous with their portions and great when you dint want to go to the buffet for breakfast.   They also do to go so great alternative to room service.   We were very pleased with this option.
3	Johnny rockets was just okay, the place looks nice but the price was over price and they don't have meal combo price, plus the food was pretty messy and me and my friends could probably make a better burger.
3	The burger is alright, even though it doesn't have any flavor. I like their fries but it comes in little quantities. Overall an okay burger place but overpriced for what we got.
3	The hamburger was okay.It was a bit greasy and hard at the edges. The fries were dirty you could taste the oil on them and its time to change it. The beverages were good. The butterfinger shake made the meal. It was creamy and thick. It tasted great. Hopefully the rest of the food will rise to that standard.
1	Burger was pretty good, but the attitudes at this place makes it a one. Work on customer service, especially when the cashier is the one who takes the order wrong.
1	First off, $7 for TWO DRINKS?! Smh. Breakfast was bland and not much to choose from. Staff was uninterested. Thought this would be a better alternative to the buffet in the Luxor but I was wrong. Still overpriced and definitely not that good at all.
4	Great Burger spot inside of the Excalibur! But do I think it's worth the expensive price? The jury may still be out on that because I will say that for the prices they are charging I know some of the un named competitors who will give them a run for their money with the same prices if not lower! But on the flip side this is located on the strip inside a casino so expensive prices come with the territory! My meal came up to $22 for the burger mixed fries/onion rings and a drink! Would I return? Maybe...
1	Worst Johnny Rockets I've ever been to...Got my order wrong 3 times. Ordered a veggie burger with lettuce and tomatoes only, thing comes out with onions. Not a big deal... Try to get it fixed, the burger is returned with a beef patty, haha oh so that's not right again. Try to get it fixed again, it's returned with everything on it.. Like What in the fuck?!Is it that do hard? After that last try I gave up and tried to get my money back. Not to mention everything took over 30 minutes and another 20 during the mix ups. I understand that nights can be stressful, and working in the food industry sucks trust me I work in it, but its really not that hard even if you are given 3 tries.
2	There is no secret why this place is only 2 stars as an average. Excalibur needs to tell these jokers to shape up or ship out. It is a disservice to customers of the Excalibur to keep this franchise inside their casino. It is expensive as far as burgers go, yes it is Vegas it can be expensive but give us our money's worth. I am complaining because the effing burger buns were stone cold when served. The burger patty was OK that's why I still gave it 2 stars, but how can you enjoy a burger if the buns are not grilled or steamed or made warm one way or the other? Just burgers, fries, and drinks for two guys cost nearly $35? In Vegas I could have eaten in a more grand manner at the Orleans or other places, even at Grimaldi's pizza at the Venetian. Not coming back here at all.
2	Decent burger, but didn't really like their menu and was very limited on your choices. The lines were too long, the person taking orders was kinda not bright. And too pricey for sure.  If you are in Excalibur there are much better choices.....try the Baja!
1	Food was awful... for the price you might as well hit a burger king! Service sucked also!
4	Love that I could use a groupon on everything and they give you a coupon when you get your order! I'll be back for my free shake!!!.... Yes it's high prices but it's Vegas baby!...recommend the smoke house burger
