2	If your room at the Flamingo is near the right elevator, this place deserves two stars because it's convenient.  If your room is not near the elevators, steer clear!This place closes at 11pm, but they ran out of pizza at 10:50pm so they turned away the rest of the customers in line and shut down early.  After much confusion regarding the ordering process and where the line was, I managed to get a single slice of meat lover's pizza for $4.59.  Pizza was so-so.
1	I'll keep this brief: Pizza does not taste fresh, over a one-inch crust, and it tastes horrible the next day. I suppose it doesn't help that the Flamingo hotel in which the Pizza Joint resides in doesn't have fridges in their room. (Go figure.) If you're dying of starvation, sure, get a slice.
4	Okay, my 4 stars review of the new Pizza Joint at the Flamingo is not really because they have 4 star pizza.  The pizza is between 2-3 stars, but what they do have is convenience and inexpensive prices.  For less than $8, you can get a slice of pizza and a beer.  Three slices of pizza makes a large pizza, so the pieces are huge.  I'll definitely be back here on late nights when I'm headed back to the room after a long night and don't want to spend a small fortune at Johnny Rockets in the food court.  Food-3 stars, Value-5 stars, ambiance-practically none, convenience-5 stars, service-4 stars (they are friendly and helpful).
1	Not in love with THIS place. The counter person was constantly running back and forth, seemingly overwhelmed. The pizza LOOKED good, but it tasted bland and lifeless. The crust was better than the rest of the pizza. Even a topping and extra grated cheese on top couldn't save it...
5	Yum this pizza was so good!! Not brick oven pizza but a fire oven and at $15 for a large two topping pizza it's a bargain on the strip and some good pizza! However they do charge 50 cents for a glass of water, a little annoying.
4	Convenient, cheap, tasty and reasonable. For $24.99 you get a large pizza, wings, breadsticks and beverages. A slice will run you $5-$7 and is actually two big slices. For $8 you get a slice and a beer (full bottles of Heineken, etc). The place is a bit disorganized, but I can overlook that. Thin crust yumminess. Reminds me of Sbarro pizza.
4	Being in Vegas you know that you are going to have to spend a lot of money, especially on food.  The wife and I were staying at the Flamingo, after checking in we were walking to our room and guess what caught my eye.PIZZA, and YES it was pizza by the slice.  AND it was only 4.95.  AND it was a HUGE SLICE, now when I say HUGE it was a quarter of a large pizza.The pizza was good, I ordered a pepperoni and I had enough to cut it down the middle split it with my wife.  Now I didn't give this five stars because of two different reasons.  When you buy a soda it is a fountain soda and you don't get any refills and its pretty small.  The second reason is I usually like to eat my pizza with a little ranch dipping sauce and they charged me for it.  Maybe I'm spoiled but I hate getting charged for ranch.  Anyways I really enjoyed the pizza and I will be back next time I go to the Flamingo,
3	PROS AND CONS: VEGAS IS FULL OF BOTH  :)Pizza Joint Pros:Open lateThe line moves fastThe slices are largeThey have food other than pizzaSpecials include pizza and beer ($8.50) or pizza and soda ($7.00)Several nearby tables for seatingPizza Joint Cons:ExpensiveThe food itself is just averageRanch cost extra and is in a packageIt took a while to get your slices (sometimes)They were at of pepperoni one time that we stopped by
2	Large pizza slizes and the prices are pretty fair. The quality on the other hand is not that great. The doe I feel like is the biggest problem with this pizza. It doesnt taste right, very bland. The pizza was also extremely greasy. When i eat 2 large slices I just felt sick because of the amount of grease i consumed. Make sure you blot some of it off.
4	Bonannos was closed (along with the rest of the food court in The Flamingo, for constructon) so we tried this place across from the flamingo habitat. Ordered a whole pepperoni pie, took no more than 10 minutes, came out hot, fresh and pretty good. Well priced,  speedy, served beer and was open during a buzzed pizza craving at 7AM
4	After walking past this pizza all weekend, we finally decided to give it a try before heading out.  The only complaint is that there isn't much seating.  However, the pizza was delicious and exactly what we were craving and hoping for...yum!!
4	Possibly the best buy food-wise in Las Vegas. This place is in back of Flamingo, on the walkway connecting the casino to the Linq and the adjacent shops, and if you're craving decent pizza at a price that won't break the bank, it's definitely worth the trip. For $12, you get two gigantic slices of pizza (about four slices elsewhere) and a drink. The pizza itself, while not fantastic, is far from bad, and again, you can't beat the price point.
4	You guys, no way. There is no way a little pizza place inside the Flamingo is supposed to taste as good as any of the other awesome places in our fair city. Yet here I am, about to write a solid 4-star review of this little joint. First, some background: I had just gotten off the High Roller and spent some time at the Polaroid Foto Bar. It was too late to hit up Guy Fieri's place, so we decided to drive back home and maybe hit up a Denny's along the way but then this place appeared. The line was pretty along, but it was moving fairly quickly as they had a ton of pizzas in the oven moving along pretty good. Now, on to the good stuff. I ordered to pizza and soda combos, which came out to about $22 (strip prices!). My friend ordered a pepperoni and I ordered the Hawaiian, which were served to us in like 2 minutes. Man, the pizzas were absolutely perfect. The cheese and both pizzas were perfectly melty and stretchy and gooey and, at least on my pizza, it was seasoned perfectly. I thought the crust was really good for being a basic crust (not seasoned like other places) and perfectly chewy. As for the amount of food you get, it's a bigger serving. They're more like Sbarro slices than Domino's slices. All in all, it was a really good pizza. Like I'd go back for more if it weren't on the strip. I guess you might be wondering then why this place is only getting four stars from me and not five? I'll tell you: I've only been there once. I now feel reluctant to give a place a perfect score if I've only been there once because I cannot speak to the consistency of their product or service. But believe you me... I will go back and I will update this review.
1	Well, the only reason I even considered this lame-looking pizza place was because I was starving& prepping for a night of drinking. Bad choice. The line was only about 8 people long API figured it would be quick, ended up waiting for 45 minutes. Figured it might be pretty good pizza for this long of a wait. Unfortunately I was disappointed. WAY too greasy, too much crust, burnt cheese on the end. Could only stomach one slice :( oh well, I learned my lesson.
1	If I can give zero star for this review I would. Not only did I have to wait in line for over 15 minutes to order my pizza but they told me the wait would be about 25 minutes. After waiting for 30 minutes I walked up to the front to ask what's taking so long, only to have them say their "printer is down" aka pizza didn't even get made yet. The workers were slacking off and smiling at us like we were idiots which made me feel even more pist off. Obviously management isn't doing their job. Don't come here unless you want to waste almost an hour of your time. There's a food court right down the hall or there's always delivery pizza. If I was the owner I would definitely train my employees better.
