5	The burritos definitely live up to the name.  This thing was huge and not just full of rice and toppings but, more than enough steak.  The steak was very tender with nice spicy BBQ flavor.  I was thinking I'll never be able to finish this thing but, it was so delicious I couldn't stop eating.  Hats off to the folks at Phat Burrito.  I'll definitely be going back.
5	Whats not to like?This latest incarnation of Phat Burrito packs all the flavor, vibe, and service as the original Phat, and maybe even a touch more... I usually run the BBQ Steak Burrito with sour cream and guac (they are extra, but are well worth it).  Usually the food arrives within 3-4 mins of ordering.  In this case, my BBQ steak burrito arrived in a brown paper bag.  I made sure to grab three to four cups of the salsa from the salsa bar before lugging my brick of a burrito home to devour it.  The burrito was real and spectacular!  It was huge and looked bigger once I unwrapped it (that's what she said) from the foil.  They really create a unique flavor as the BBQ steak and grilled onions commingle in the warm confines of the burrito with refried beans, cheese, rice, etc.  I like their burrito because they are big enough so that one could satiate your hunger for a loooong time.  The guac was decent however I didn't like that it was not evenly distributed throughout my burrito - instead in was all gobbed in the back of the burrito and I ate it all in one bite.  Otherwise the burrito was awesome and perhaps a touch bigger than the burritos at the South End location.  I would highly recommend it to any burrito fan.  As far as the service was concerned - no complaints.  As always, every employee was chill and friendly.  I've been here three times now, and the service has been exemplary every time.  There was also plenty of parking in a well lit area.  Parking at this location is also preferable to the original one.   Enviably the question arises - Where can the best burrito be found in Charlotte?  Well you're in luck.  Here is my Official Best Burrito in Charlotte List:  For me Phat Burrito, especially this new location is a slight notch above Chipotle, followed by Johnny Burrito, Qdoba and Salsaritas (Moe's doesn't even make the list).
3	I bought two  BBQ steak soft tacos and they were very spicy hot!  I Had to pay for another plain cheese wrap, though I only took one bite. Disappointing.  TheBurritos are big.  Would be nice to have more details on menu. I can see it being a favorite if you like hot and spicy burritos and food! The staff never broke a smile. : (
3	A solid effort. Food-wise this location tastes about the same as the original South End location. I still recommend you get the delicious salsa from the salsa bar. Atmosphere-wise something is just missing. It was impossible for me to walk into this more orderly location and not yearn for the funkiness that is Phat Burrito South End.If you are hungry for the tortilla foods and in the neighborhood it certainly beats hitting up the Chipotle,  Seriously, PB is still my favorite burrito joint in Charlotte. But if you are craving Phat Burrito for Phat Burrito's sake, then go the extra few minutes to hit up the original.
3	Phat Burrito is Snoops with some red paint slapped on the walls. I look forward to giving them another chance and maybe I misordered. I loved the fresh made salsa bar (in the exact same place at Snoops former topping bar). I didn't love the BBQ steak flavor I would try just steak next time. Burritos come with protein, cheese, rice and choice of beans (red, black or refried) with upcharges for everything else (guac, sour cream). There isn't a list of toppings anywhere: lettuce, tomato, cilantro, jalapeno etc. and my mind went blank when it was time to order. They do have a kids menu and daily specials like a $6 quesadilla on Fridays. Super location  - if a tricky shared parking lot. Try to walk or bike there if possible.
2	Oh, Phat Burrito, there was so much hype about you from the other reviewers and we had so much hope from you... Sorry to say that I was utterly disappointed.To begin with, I don't like not having the option to choose how my burrito is made. I like looking over the bar, picking out things I want and leaving out things I don't want. Instead, here they just take your order at the counter and ask if you want any extras, guac / sour cream or if you are okay with lettuce, onions, and tomatoes. This isn't a burger place, no burrito place asks if you want lettuce, onions, and tomatoes. Also, they don't have any pico-de-gallo or salsa to add to the burrito by the kitchen. When I asked, they said I could pick it up from the salsa bar. Sure I can, for the chips. But if I want it in my burrito, am I supposed to unroll the whole burrito, add salsa and then roll it back up?I had the steak burrito with guac, my boyfriend ordered chicken. The steak wasn't flavorful at all. It tasted like it was never marinated, nor grilled, just boiled. Also, the rice was overcooked with too much water, making it close to mushy and my burrito lacked flavor, spice, and tang and honestly, I didn't enjoy a single bite of it. The chicken was alright.The last thing that ticked me off was that they had my boyfriend's burrito (part wrapped in foil, part naked) sitting on the serving counter, tortilla touching the counter top, while they picked out two plates to put the burritos on. Both of us left the place unhappy with our lunch and had to head to Central Coffee to get some consolation chai. Sorry Phat, but we won't be back.
2	I really want to like this Phat Burrito location. I'll even admit that I wish I could like it more than the Southend location, but this one has some serious ground to cover before I'll head back in. In the location where Snoops used to be, and not much aesthetically has changed since the inception of PB, a great spot for a quick lunch or sustenance from an afternoon in Independence Park. The interior definitely isn't inviting. There are some seriously creepy decor items that look like they were plucked hastily from the garbage. The booths are re-purposed from who knows where and have some noticeable wear to them. I had asked about how they prepare their fish and I received several stares as if I had grown three heads. I asked if it were prepared with butter as opposed to oil. Their response: "It's grilled." Well, thanks for that beautiful diatribe of information, but didn't get me very far. I had to repeat the question for an answer. I just laughed. I mean, come on. That's just hilarious. My biggest guff is with the service. Shocker. The kid at the counter was one of the strangest people I've had the obligatory need to work with. He was wearing a pair of headphones around his neck, barely seemed to care that I was ordering with my friend, and did some things that were just a little too strange to comprehend. I needed my receipt and upon asking for it, he grabbed it from the trash and un-crumpled it in front of me and handed back....No words, brosef. The food, per usual, was passable. Decent flavor, salsas are mediocre, and the price is a little steep. I do really dig their grilled veggies, though. Can't say that I'm looking to head back in any time soon to this location, but I'm glad Southend still holds it down. I really hope this location improves. I love where it's located in Elizabeth.
5	I have started going here for lunch on the regular. The ingredients used are better made and kept then at the other Phat Burrito (PB). The beans and rice are always warm and delicious, not dry or hard. The salsa bar is well kept. The menu options are the same as the other PB and they even have the same sweet/unsweet tea.The service is pretty similar to the PB but the inside and seating are a little different. This location has more of an open dining area and a good deal more seating. I also love the fact that it's right next to Independence and Hawthorne park. On a nice day why eat inside Get your burrito and head to the park!
2	I live around the corner and was really pumped when I saw this Phat Burrito open up.  It ended up being a very average burrito joint, more like below average.  Very inconsistent, felt dirty, pass.**Update**  This place is now closed, thank God.  Check out the new place though, Sabor.  They're cooking up some great Latin street food.
4	Phat burrito never fails to deliver!! The burrito is huge, service is great and place is clean. They have daily specials that are a good deal.  I love the fish tacos (Tilapia) and Mango/red cabbage slaw is off the chart!  Not a big fan of the queso but it is ok.
4	A special a day is the ordering way
1	I was really excited to try out the new location, made sure to check the yelp app for their hours before venturing out too.  My friends and I walked over and we were greeted by their staff who were outside for a smoke break.  They made no effort to talk to us, just said "we are closed".  I said "oh darn, even checked your hours prior to coming" and they responded with "you were probably looking at the other location, not us".  We still had 40 minutes until closing time according the yelp app and their website.   Ho hum.  Was really hankering for a burrito that evening... I may give it another shot later on, but was really bummed to find them so unfriendly especially in this neck of the woods!
1	I've always liked the South End location so was expecting good things from this location that is more convenient. I was terribly mistaken. I agree with the other reviewer who said the employees lacked supervision. We left without ever getting half of our order. We tried to ask about it but couldn't seem to get the person beyond the counter to understand what we were saying. The tacos were pitiful. The chicken taco consisted of lettuce, tomato, and about ten tiny cubes of grilled chicken. I can't review the fish taco because I never got it. I've never given such a bad review, but I don't know when I've seen such poor service or disappointing food. I hope they fix the problems, but I won't be back to see whether they do.
1	The place was a ghost town when we walked in at noon on a weekday.Now I know why...The food - at least the part of our orders that we actually got - was unremarkable.The counter folks were clueless.  We tried to tell them they hadn't brought our entire order but they shrugged it off and did nothing.We decided we didn't really want it after all, so we gave up and left.I give this place 6 months tops.  Then after the current tenants vacate this will make a great location for a restaurant.
2	Won't be back.  I was excited to see them in this location, I used to frequent the Southend PB.  After 2 bad experiences at this location I decided I wasn't going to try for a 3rd.  It's a little pricey for this type of food, waited one day a ridiculously long time for a veggie burrito to go.  The guy who ordered 2 orders after me even got  his order before I did.  What?  I got home and had a meat burrito, not cool... especially since I don't like red meat.  They seem disorganized and some of the staff completely clueless.
3	This was our second trip to this location. The first trip was nothing special, followed up by another nothing special eating experience. The burrito is nice and big, however both the tofu and veggie burrito didn't seem too impressive in the flavor department. Even the hot-salsa-liquid water-like substance didn't add anything other than making it a wet, dripping burrito. Also, unfortunately on the first visit, despite the no-cheese order, cheese made its way on to my burrito. No bueno. i will say i thought the service was pretty friendly on this trip. It's close to the wife's work, so it's easy lunch, but not a go-to for us.
4	Had the steak burrito. Opted to add guacamole and sour cream. It was huge and only took half of one to fill me up and I'm a 230lb guy!
2	2 stars because of their salsa bar. That's about it.... Their food lacks some serious flavor/taste. The rice in the burrito is so bland. Bathroom smells like a porto-potty.I'm sure this place has potential, but I'll let someone else experience that.
