4	Okay I should begin by saying I have never had a Pedicure being a guy aged 43 never really seen myself getting one either.  However I took my wife in for a Valentines treatment and while I was in the store two older ladies and a Older gentleman along with my wife and the very friendly worker convinced me to give it a try.  Have to say it was relaxing. You get to sit back in a nice massage chair and have your feet and legs massaged along with the trimming and foot scurb.  Seemed like a decent price for what you get so I would return.
4	I had a manicure and was impressed with the amount of time and attention my nail tech , Lilly spent with me.  My wife noticed my nicely manicured hands and she said she would definitely try out this salon.  Good prices and friendly staff.
1	Went here for eyelash extensions and they were absolutely horrifying. There was so much glue it ruined my own eyelashes. They literally started falling off before I even got home. I looked like a clown. I was hysterical. My husband went back down there and spoke with them eyelashes in hand and they refused to refund the money paid.She would reapply them. I have no lashes to attach them too. DO NOT DO BUSINESS HERE. They don't care about a happy customer they care about the money!
4	Been really needing to get my nails done. I called and they nicely set me up for an appointment the same day. I got there at 6:30 and they happily accomodated me. I was so surprised since they closed at 7pm. I got a gel mani for $30 with design and classic pedi for $20. I did use a groupon so it made it more affordable. Mani is pretty reasonably priced since it was abiut the same as most places. Pedi was a lil steep but it was worth it.The salon looks a lil outdated but still pretty nice. Looks like a regular salon but nothing luxurious, which is fine. At least it looks pretty clean. I was the only customer when I got there and they had two nail techs working at the same time. Thanks for that :)They were very accomodating and they even stayed late after closing, super appreciate it!! I was watching the techs to see if they would try to hurry my appointment but no...they definitely took their time. They very carefully cleaned and painted my nails. I love how my mani turned out I know the guy that did it tried his best to copy the picture I showed him (yes, I said a guy dis my nails ). And I loved how the girl that did my toes were very meticulous about my pedicure. She was very careful and I felt very much pampered.I know next time I'll try not to come in when they are closing so they might be more accomodating because I know they were ready to go home. Only complain was the talking in another language loudly, but I'm kinda used to it I guess. Def will be coming back :) Thanks again for staying late!!!
5	Best place ever and best people. They do a good job, and they are so nice. The prices are awesome. They provide a great service. I'm happy and satisfied of my nails and my eyelash extension.
1	My nail technician was Susan.  I showed her a picture of exactly what I wanted (short french tips with rounded corners).  She began the process and right off the bat was very rough with the manual and electric buffers, especially on my cuticles.  I have not had a manicure in 12 years so I couldn't remember if they were supposed to trim your cuticles or not or whether the process was supposed to be painful or not, which it most definitely was.  After some research, I now know they should NOT cut your cuticles, because if they nick and cause an open would with their un-sanitized instruments, you could get an infection, and a potentially nasty one at that (think staph, MRSA, etc.).  And she did cut mine open... on the side of two fingers, my middle and thumb, to the point they bled a little.  And apparently you should not see any existing white powder on the buffers they use on you, meaning they have not been cleaned or swapped out after each client.  The buffers she used on me (manual and electric) had a considerable amount of existing white nail powder on them.The charge was $30 and I gave her a $5 tip which I now know I shouldn't have and I really regret.My nails did not turn out looking like the picture I showed Susan.  She applied the tips too far in, making my nail beds look short and stubby.  The rounded corners I asked for turned into rounded SIDES with sharp corners, looking very odd.  And there are visible air bubbles trapped under each nail's polish.I can deal with the way my nails look but the thing I am most upset about are the two cuticles she cut and made bleed.  I washed them really well and used disinfectant on them.  It is now the next day and the wounded areas are puffy and red, so yes, they are infected.  I can only hope and pray it won't be serious and will clear up quickly.  I will be soaking them in Listerine today.  If the infections persist, I will be reporting this salon.I cannot speak for the other technicians who work there, but if you must go there, DO NOT USE SUSAN.
5	I honestly don't where to even start! My friend and I decided to get our nails done after school so we looked for a Groupon and found Holly's Nail & Spa. We purchased our Groupon's and called to book an appointment for almond acrylic sets. We found pictures of what we wanted and showed our nail technicians, Susan and Holly. They were very polite, patient and made sure we had a mutual understanding of what us the clients were wanting. Throughout the manicures they were very thorough and held conversations with us. I enjoyed conversating with my technician, Holly, she was fun and very energetic while she gave me my manicure. Once she finished shaping my nails and lead me to the washing station I glanced at my nails and my mouth dropped. I have NEVER hady nails look so perfect in my entire life. Each nails was perfectly even, smooth, and the exact shape I wanted (mind you this was before they were polished and designed). Soon after my friend Devon texted me saying "OMG I'm in love"! Once Holly began polishing she coated each nail multiple times and very evenly. I had asked for glitter on my index finger, thinking it was extra, to my surprise it was not! I am just in shock at how gorgeous my nails look and Holly will be my new nail technician for as along as I live in Arizona. Thank you again Holly and Susan, and I will be returning soon. If you are considering going to visit this nail salon I recommend you stop considering and call to book your appointment as soon as possible, your money will be well spent!
1	I got eyelash extensions yesterday.  I have had them for two years from another salon in Chandler but thought I would try this place after a friend recommended it.  I found Holly to be pushy about the pricing at first telling me $100.  She did my eyelashes in 30 minutes and it looked like a 30 min job.  The entire time she did my eyelashes she was fighting with a friend who was standing there next to me accusing her of flirting with an ex of hers....   Can you say "unprofessional" .    I am going in to my previous salon as quick as possible to get them removed because they looked like cheap spiders on top of my eyes.
5	Me & my future mother n law came in for a gel mani/ pedicure for my birthday. The staff was very professional & they did a beautiful job! We were both very pleased. This is a great nail salon! The owner Holly was so sweet!
1	Horrible lash techDoesn't  know what she was doing. Didn't have me sign a liability waiverWhich as a certified lash technician it is against the law to put chemicals near people's eyes without first signing a liability waiver.  Eyes were puffy and red the next day she added for lashes to a single lash which if you've ever had your lashes done you know that's very painful. I called her and complained she told me to come in the next day that she would give me my money back when I came in the next day she was not there and is now refusing to give me my money back.Do not use her for lashes.
