3	The chicken of my childhood! Popeyes will always have a special place in my heart... Especially with those mashed potatoes and Cajun gravy.  Right now since its new and pretty novel the line is pretty long.  Hopefully people don't get turned off by the long wait, but I managed to beat the lunch crowd and get my popeyes fix.So glad I don't have to drive all the way to exit 138 on 85 for Popeyes anymore.  It should get pretty interesting since I thought Boj had a firm grip in the area.Word of warning.  Concord mills food court prices are pretty high to begin with... And the new Popeyes is no exception.  Almost like being in an airport.
5	(concord mills mall) First one in NC!! is best to go thru the week before every1 gets off unless you will b n line
2	I'd been eagerly awaiting for Popeye's to make a return to the area for years! Anytime we would eat at Bojangles or KF Grease...heck, even that greasepit Church's...I would always tell my young son about the greatness of Popeye's and couldn't wait for the day to try it with him.They finally opened one in my most unfavorite mall and we made the trek to give 'em a try and to make a return to Dave & Busters as a last hurrah before school started back for my son on Monday.Well, it's not the Popeye's I remember it to be. My first wave of disappointment was to  see that they no longer carry their Cajun onion rings. 2nd was having to pay a buck-thirty extra for white meat chicken! We got 2 chicken meals with a side of Cajun fries & 2 drinks all for $22! Friggin' mall prices! Chicken portions were on the small side and the biscuit was a little larger circumference of a half-dollar coin. The crispy goodness was the same and the meat had the right amount of heat, but they were a tad over cooked. Fries were just "okay". Sweet tea is where they truly shined. My god. Best fast food tea I've had in a long time....made with cane sugar! I had so many refills, my teeth were floating!So my rating falls around 2 & 1/2 stars. I will try them again when I grudgingly make a return trip to this mall that I cannot stand since its probably the only decent restaurant in their dismal food court. I think I'd rather make a trip across the street to the excellent Fosters now that I think about it.Your pal,Walter
2	The fried chicken and sides are pretty good, however the overall wait time subtracts from my star rating.  I've visited this location twice since it has opened and the wait time really isn't worth it.  My first visit resulted in about a 1.5 hour wait and the order was incorrect, so the final wait time was close to 2 hours.  My second visit on 08/19/12 was approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes.  During the second visit on a Sunday there was only one register open and nearly 100 people in line.This is a good place to grab dinner after winding down a long shopping trip, but it's not somewhere that you can run to and pick up a quick bite.  Since Popeye's is considered fast food and not Gordon Ramsey's steak in Las Vegas, I have to give it a low rating, because "who would wait over an hour in line at a McDonalds or Burger King?".I'll give the place 6-8 months for the hype to calm down and then I'll return and update my review.
5	I have been waiting for this for so long. No more nasty Bojangles or KFC for me. I also think its funny how they were the ONLY restaurant with a long line, does that tell you anything......
5	Waited 25 mins to get my first taste of the chicken today at Concord Mills.  Long wait, but the chicken was worth the wait.  Kids enjoyed the biscuits and the sweet tea was very good as well.
2	It's ok if there's not a Bojangle's or KFC in the area, which there is so... why would you eat third best fried chicken?
3	Man I've missed this place! My only wish is that they would put one of these joints on the other side of town....driving more than 30 minutes is ridiculous! But did I do it....YEP! The line was crazy long...I guess this is a regular thing because no one seemed phased. When we finally made it to the counter my friends and I ordered a family pack (16 pieces, 3 sides and 8 biscuits). We ordered the chicken spicy, two orders of mashed potatoes and cajun gravy (because it's just that delicious) and rice and beans. Service was horrible. The Popeye's crew needs to get it together! Here's a tip guys...if you smile and say "hello" the customers might not be as angry when they wait 10-15 minutes for their food.  We waited...and waited along with all the other people for our number to be called. Finally it was our turn and since we knew we couldn't eat it all we asked for bags and you would have thought those things were laced in gold and diamonds. Geesh! The saving grace is that the food was good. The chicken was crispy and juicy with just the right amount of spices. And that darn cajun gravy....Mmmm Mmmm! Just like I remember which makes me only want it more and more. But I have to agree with other reviews, the wait time and crappy service makes this place for now just A-OK. Let's hope they can get a better system figured out...soon!
3	Long lines, inflated pricing, but what did expect in a mall, chicken, thankfully, was good  must try the new one on the west side of town, much closer...
1	Food here is decent and basically the same as Bojangles with some minor twists that are welcome when you get tired of the main chicken places around. The main problems are the prices and service, being in the mall you expect some inflation but not 50% over the same place right down the road.  The service is also abysmal, they barely speak to you and leave things out like dips and napkins. Today the woman slid my box to me and just looked at me, I'm glad Popeyes is back in the area but if this how it's going to be I'll go elsewhere.
