5	I enjoy massage by Tom .    This place is huge.   they separate the  room too.     I love hard and strong massage.    I will come back soon.
5	Amazing service! Loved them all! Got a full body massage for 20$ for an hour, but they went a little over an hour to finish! Couldn't ask for a better place!
5	Since I discovered massages in Chinatown last summer, I get one every time I come to Vegas.  This was my fourth one, but my first at Good Seasons, and it was AWESOME!  The best yet.  Alan was great.  Not too hard, not too soft, very relaxing.  I'm pretty ticklish, so I'm always squirming during a massage, but not this time.  The price was $15 for an hour.  I handed her $30 (well worth it) and she started to give me change back.  All the other places I've gone to EXPECT a large tip and get mad if they don't think your tip is large enough.I'm here for a few days, and I will definitely go back before I head home.
4	This place was great.  Took my mom here Mother's day weekend and they treated our party well.  We were put in a separate room area with 4 chairs. They were professional and catered to our wishes. I like lighter pressure, and mom she loved the deep tissue massage.  My sister opted out of back portion of the massage and had lots of extra time on her feet & calves. I would go back here.  My mom gave the lady $20 tip and she tried to give her change.  So I don't think they get tipped very well here, which I am surprised.
5	Don't let the lack of reviews deter you. You still get a foot soak but the timer for the massage starts when that is done. I got a full hour of glorious foot rubbing. This is the best foot massage I've had in town so far!
5	This place is $20/foot n body massage. Im from Oc California and I have to admit this is by far the best massage and inexpensive.  Next time im in vegas I will go here everyday.  Feels so good and they have the hot stone massage included for your feet. Highly recvomend this place.
3	It's now Heavenly World Foot Spa.They charged us $40 each for a 1 hour back massage, and then when we were done, told us how much we should tip.Granted they were good and we were more than willing to tip, the insistence of a tip left a bad taste to the massage.The massages themselves were nice.They have different areas that are sectioned off, though not necessarily rooms, as they are just cubicle-ish dividers between people.
