2	This place was not the easiest to find, maybe it's because I just moved here. the place was so smoky that all of my friends that are smokers opted to go outside, said their eyes were burning from all the smoke. The service was okay nothing for me to rave about.
2	My friend is in a band and they are basically the 'house band' for this place. It is very spacious & typically have all sorts of different bands which is good. The bad thing is the bartenders usually have crappy attitudes and the drinks (even just beers) are way over priced. If it wasn't for my friend playing there all the time I wouldn't go to this place.
2	The band Wicked Garden was the best thing about this place.
5	This place has an awesome set up, stage, dance floor, sound,lighting and full bar. It over looks the Fremont experience with a great view. The place reminds me of a scaled down house of blues minus the country decor. They seem to be expanding into more than just a country bar. Hip hop roots is there now and it is busy every Tuesday. Its a cool cultural event that features local and out of town hip hop acts  in a positive environment. Its unlike any other hip hop show Ive been to. You'll see old and young all having fun and its always a mixed crowd of people. My only complaint's about the place is it is a little hard to find at 1st & I'm not a huge fan of the food. Ive also seen a couple reggae shows and rock shows there on the weekend and the place gets pretty packed. Punk rock bowling was crazy last year! Couldn't even walk around in the place & its pretty big.I go there every Tuesday for that hip hop night because its usually always free and I always have a good time. I do spoken word & rap a little also so I usually sign up for the open mic every week from 10-11pm. The show after the open mic is always worth sticking around for. They have a really cool beat boxer there every week too.
3	I saw Guttermouth here. The drinks were well priced, the bathroom was clean and the whole club wasn't too crowded. It is on Fremont Street which I generally find to be pretty gross (smells like a urinal cake) but it wasn't too bad.
5	I cannot believe this place gets bad reviews!  It was our first stop after checking into our hotel, and our group of girls had an AMAZING time!When we got there, it was 1/2 price appetizers and $3 well drinks for the next 30 minutes.  So we were sure to get in our order right away!  Our server, Sandra, was AMAZING!!!  I really wish all servers were like her because we were never left wanting anything!  She was funny, sweet, and really good at her job!We ordered the nachos, the crab dip, the parmesan truffle fries, and the potato skins.  Oh WOW, was the food good.  It was one step up from typical bar food for sure!  I really wish we had time to go back there one more time before we left! So a double thanks to Sandra--she's pretty amazing at what she does :)
1	So I saw a concert here last night, and I am not a fan.It's upstairs so you take an escalator to get there. At the top, to the right is a bar and to the left is the room where the show is. So my two friends and I walk through the door, and neither of us see the tiny sign that says "no re-entry." So we go inside to hear the warm up band. Good Lord!! SOOO loud and pitchy. Sound is deafening and not even clear. So we decide we'll go to the bar outside and come back when the real show starts. Well guess what? The bouncer tells us we can't leave, and if we do, we can't come back in. So now I'm pissed. I didn't see the sign that said no re-entry, and I've never heard of such a thing. I demand to speak to a manager, but no one ever comes.  WE ARE TRAPPED!!!!  We had to sit through another 20 minutes of horrible music with horrible sound quality.  Just aweful.If you are ever forced to see a show here, I recommend ear plugs. The sound is way too loud, and the sound quality at this facility is downright poor.Bad service, stupid policies, crap sound quality...you won't see me in there again.
3	I have mixed feeling about this saloon.  I'll lay it all out there and let you sort it out.My wife and I ended up here without intentionally setting out to do so.  We were out with another couple for dinner and they suggested we pop in because there was a band playing and they were supposed to be good.  When we arrived and got settled in, I was impressed, it's big and spacious, that appeals to me, I very much dislike being shoulder to shoulder anywhere I go.  The bar was easy to access from every location in the bar / band stage area.Here's where the mixed feelings come in.  Every time we ordered a drink either from the bartender or a cocktail waitress, it almost felt like I was doing them a favor.  Now don't get me wrong, the service was NOT bad, it just wasn't friendly.  IN fact, if i was so rate the service alone, I would give it a 4.5 stars.Then the band began playing, and where another mixed feeling for this review pokes its head.  The music was RIDICULOUSLY loud and sounded like it was bouncing off all the walls and settling down in a mish mash of sounds squarely in my ears.  Again, i'm not saying the band was not good, all i'm saying about the music, was it was very annoying loud and not received clear and crisp to me.So in closing.... this one was a hard one to write because i can't say that they did anything wrong at all, I can definitely say there is room for improvement if customer comfort is the goal.  The Saloon operates well,  the staff is competent and trained and the bar saloon itself is in good shape and clean.I suppose this is one of those places that if you talk to 25 people you'll probably have a split opinion right down the middle.
2	Eh.It was loud because of a live band....but completely empty at 11:30 PM on a Friday night.  I guess everyone was out and about in Vegas...but this place just wasn't that great.Worse, the promoter at the door gave our very large group cards for "Buy 1 Get 1 Free."  So hey, why not, right?   But then come to find out, each drink costs between $9.50 and $11.00.  So....I get that you're in Vegas and you'll pay, one way or the other, but that seemed just a little outrageous.I slipped away after only fifteen minutes of watching a couple of old people dance to a cover of Footloose that the live band was playing and that was enough for me.  Thanks.
3	It's alright. It's pretty stupid that they don't have a sign for this venue on the outside of the building. Put a sign up, maybe you'll get business! White wine tastes bad.
4	We went there to see Moonshine Bandits they were awesome and the place was awesome small so you get up close and personal. Will do a return visit.
4	I lived in Vegas for six months, and of the FEW bars I visited, LVCS is the best!! Its big, and there's a lot of space to watch the show and for circlepits. I got to see JFA, which felt like a dream! And they had the skate ramp inside the bar which was awesome!! I can't explain how bad ass it was, but it was. I don't think its a place for old people...unless they're playing old people music.but its a great place for punk bands to perform.
3	First unless you know this place is here you would not be able to find it.  There is NO sign directing people.  This is also most likely the reason that there is not many people here. Oh lets be honest it was dead in there. The reason we happened to be here the other night is cuz hubby won tickets from the local radio station on a band that was going to be playing there.  Like I said unless you already know its here you wouldn't be able to find it so my suggestion for the owners is to GET A SIGN it might help fill the bar so you can make more $$
5	the Downtown Las Vegas live music destination!! I'm looking forward to Nappy Roots, George Clinton, Afroman, Alien Ant Farm, The Rev Horton Heat and of course The Misfits!! they've got decent priced drinks, a pleasant, efficient staff and always an awesome and diverse line up for live music. the website is updated frequently and always gives me something to look forward to :)
1	We drove across the country for Punk Karaoke for Punk Rock Bowling 2013. The event was advertised for 5.00 on the site. At the door they charged everyone 8.00. When I talked to the event manager she said that 5.00 was presale price, and now I had to fork over 8 bucks. When I complained that 5 dollars was only advertised price and it didn't say anything anywhere otherwise, the event manager ignored me. They also screwed my friend out of performing her karaoke song because they didn't like her selection, after she waiting in line for well over an HOUR! At least my friend showed her what being a true punk was and busted her in the face before getting thrown out. Fuck this place!
3	I just got back from seeing the Misfits in concert at this joint. It seems smaller than the more well-known House of Blues out there in terms of 'small venues', although a bit bigger than the Railhead at Boulder Station.The way the club is set up is kind of strange. There are two bars: one outside the actual stage area and one inside. Then in front of that is the pit and stage of course.Surprisingly, there's enough room to move around for moshing and crowd surfing. The security here don't seem to care if you start moshing, but if it gets too rowdy then they might stop you. If you're a repeat offender, they may kick you out.The acoustics of this place sound very muddled, and I had a hard time deciphering what the band was singing. The instruments also seemed to blend together in a bad way. These are the only downsides to this joint.A lot of punk rock bands play here, and the week before the Misfits' tour was The Casualties along with Negative Approach and several other bands. LVCS seems to be the 'punk house' for the scene. Hey, that's cool--brings a little more 'arts and culture' to the downtown area, which is something that's badly needed besides First Friday.This place should actually be renamed the 'Las Vegas Punk Saloon' since more punk bands play here than country ones. That, go pyschobilly/rockabilly if they wanna stay a little bit Country.I still think that bands should book somewhere else--the sound is just terrible, plus it's sort of hard to see the bands at times since the stage isn't raised.Otherwise, not bad for cheap tickets. You'll never find tickets here that cost more than $40. They're all reasonably priced, especially for the amount of bands you're seeing.P.S. the highlight of the Misfits concert was seeing Jerry Only get off the stage and French-kiss this punk rock chick that was directly in front of him. Mind you, Jerry's in his 50s now, and the chick he kissed seemed to be in her early-to-mid 20s or so. Just damn, man. Then again, I would still hit that no matter what age--Jerry is still hot to me.
3	This is a nice, clean venue that hosts some really good bands. The ticket prices seem very reasonable and once you find the location it's actually pretty convenient. The venue is on the smaller side which I enjoy. My main issues are as follow:I'll never understand bathroom attendants at punk rock/metal shows. I feel like this is a "classy" service that mohawked, tattooed people slurping down PBRs all night aren't really going to miss if it's not there. It's obnoxious. I realize everyone's gotta eat, but there's gotta be something else they could hire this guy to do - maybe be a bar back or something. I don't know. I just know that one more unnecessary body in an already small bathroom pumping soap into my hand followed by a paper towel isn't necessary.My biggest complaint was the set times. There were seven bands in total at the show I attended. Looking at the line up of other great bands LVCS is soon to host, I see this is pretty typical. I was actually going to go to another show tonight but after my experience last night, I decided against it. The local bands are allowed 25 minute sets. This is in addition to their set up and tear down time. So each band is more or less using 40 minutes of time (give or take) for their performance. Some people like this as they feel they're getting a lot of bang for their buck. But some of us also have normal 9 to 5 jobs. The band I went to see (The Misfits) didn't BEGIN their set until around 12:45 AM. The show started at 8:00 PM. Almost 5 hours before the headliner even took the stage. So I've basically decided that I won't be going to any shows at LVCS unless there are fewer opening bands, shorter set times for openers, the shows are on the weekend or I REALLY want to see the band and am willing to take the next day off. Getting home at 2:00 AM to wake up about four hours later was not super thrilling.So good bands, good set up, annoying bathroom attendants and poor efficiency. But that's just my two cents.
3	This doesn't seem to be an ordinary 'saloon', but rather a multi-use venue on Fremont Street in downtown Las Vegas.  It's a big, open room with a stage and a bar.When I was in town for a an event, the LVCS hosted private parties for our group two nights in a row.  The first night drinks had to be purchased at the venue's bar: at $8 a beer I only had one and didn't stick around for long.  The second night was much more fun: several kegs (paid for by registration fees) were open to attendees.There's a lot of space in here, and not a lot of seating.  Great for dancing or watching a band, I guess, except that the acoustics were crap.  Also, this isn't the easiest place to find-- it's located on the second level above Fremont Street across from Heart Attack Grill, but seems to lack any kind of obvious signage indicating what it is or how to go about getting inside (hint: look for the escalator).I sure wouldn't go out of my way to return to this place, but if I were in town for another event that was hosting a party here it's good 'enuf.
1	Terrible sound system, horrible mixing board techGood lord, where to start with LVCS?  First, a place that does live music should have a great sound system.  However, the sound system in my car is much better than the one here.  The speakers sound like they are blown out and created a wash that makes band playing there sound terrible.  Second, the tech doing the sound board constantly screwed up the levels and caused feedback during the music.  And finally, the decor is generally in poor condition.  Someone needs to call bar rescue to fix the problems with this place.
5	Had to say this place is the best. Drinks where at a great price, food was good and at a great price. The sound was at the best level. The walls were rocking. The staff are great too. It was so nice i had to say a word about the place. Can`t wait to g back. It was all good. Check the place out.
1	Horrible Aweful Terrible The Bar Managers were Creepy Jim I think was a Perv  And the dark haired manager was quite rude.. The sound and lights are Pathetic and the service is non existent .... They need to fire the management . We will never return... There are much better places downtown than this place. Save the frustration and time. Go elsewhere
4	I am definitely a fan of the Las Vegas County Saloon! LVCS is located on Fremont Street on the second floor above Hennessey's. There's a small banner advertising the Saloon but if you didn't know what you were looking for you'd probably miss it. LVCS is a great music venue that caters to niche markets in music. The venue seems to host a lot of metal, punk, and hip-hop artists. I just recently went to see Nile at LVCS. The stage at LVCS is small but allows for a more intimate experience with bands. The drinks are expensive,  but are on par with the prices you'd pay at the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay or the Pearl at the Palms. There was a promoter who was passing out 2 for 1 drink passes that we were able to use at the bar inside the venue. Since my husband and I are accustomed to paying $10+ for a beer at concerts, we were pretty stoked we could catch a break for once. The bartender was awesome! She was slammed but we never had to wait longer than a minute to get our beers.LVCS has a great view of Fremont from the concert area and the outdoor smoking section, so there are plenty of opportunities for people watching. The bathrooms were clean but I almost slid off the toilet because the seat was unhinged- but no worries because this is a freaking metal venue! Security lets people get pretty rowdy in the mosh pits, which is cool. Ticket prices are extremely reasonable and much cheaper than the venues in casinos.  Again,  love this place!
4	Having a wonderful evening of live music ... The hall is packed ... 5 great bands for $20...sound is booming and people are dancing ...will definitely come back again soonThe only downside I've seen us they could use a few more bartenders, the 2 they gave are overworked... but the crowd may be larger than expected as it's SRO...
2	I only go here when a band i like is playing. The cheap tickets, make this venue worth while. I only go here for music, never tried the bar. Doesn't look like anything too fancy. The stage is small but has a fairly big pit area. It's nice that there's some old chairs to sit on when you get tired of standing. My two complaints about this are: 1 the time it takes in between bands, i know most of the bands that play here are small local ones but shit.. it takes forever and a day to switch  things out. Idk if it's a bad crew of roadies or the bands are too sloshed to hustle but it takes way too long. 2nd is the sound system. They do a sound check that takes forever only for the PA's to cut out during the bands performance. This happened at both the Powerman5000 and Ill nino shows. I don't know if it's bad wiring or faulty equipment but it happens ALL THE TIME!
5	Nice venue! This is a great 500 person venue. Sound system is good and it's in a great location of downtown Las Vegas!
