1	This place is a waste of money! They get you in quick and out even quicker. I went in because my lungs were burning and the doctor took literally 30 seconds to look at me. He didn't even listen to my lungs and just said I have a cold and to follow up with my doctor. Then I went to get my prescription and leave when I realized he gave me a medication I am allergic to. So I told the rude woman at the desk that I can't take this medication and she was too lazy to walk around the wall and talk to the doctor so she yells to him everything I said to her. And they both insisted that I was not allergic to the medication and kept trying to force me to take it. After arguing with her for 5 minutes she rolls her eyes and finally gets the doctor to write me a different prescription. It was the worst urgent care experience I ever had in my life and the doctor is a joke! It is clear that they only want the money. I ended up going to the ER a few hours later and real doctors determined that I actually had bronchitis. So if you're in to paying for bad service and a misdiagnosis you'll love this place.
1	Tried to use their online check-in feature.  After filling out all of the information, a screen popped up and stated that I would be called in a few minutes to schedule a time to come in.  After approximately 45 minutes, I called them myself.I informed the girl who answered the phone that I had gone through the online check-in process, but that nobody had called.  She replied with "ya, we're really busy here."  To which I wanted to reply "I figured as much, which is why I tried to go through your online check-in" but I didn't say anything.  I had a 9 year old who needed a foot x-ray and thought that being able to keep him at home while waiting would be a much better option.I was basically told to just come in.  Instead, I called a different urgent care facility (about 4 miles further from my house than Alliance ) and went through their online process and was called within 2 minutes and had an appointment scheduled.  I will continue to go to the place further away.
5	Went in for a migraine, came out feeling better. I have a history of migraines and when they get bad (nausea, extreme pain, blurred vision, ect), I usually have to go to the ER. But when I go to the ER, its usually a 4 hour ordeal (depending on how busy they are). At alliance I was seen and treated VERY quickly. I was in and out, pain free, in 30 minutes. Will use again for migraines and/or other minor injuries/illnesses
5	This place was better than I had expected because of the reviews. It was very clean and the staff was super friendly and caring. I was in and out within an hour. Thank you!
