4	For a fairly small place, I'm shocked how much stuff this store has.  CDs, DVDs, Video games of course, but they even have stereos, surround sound systems (there was one for $39!) and DVD players - both portable and to attach to a TV.  And so much other stuff.  They had IPOD accessories and magazines and a larger selection of headphones than I've seen at most Targets.  But I was totally impressed at their selection of used CD/DVD/Video games!  I'm thinking part of this has to be location - so close to ASU.  Their used CD collection was almost as big as their new section.  (Oh yea, they have them separated, which is weird for me to get used to vs. Zia)The staff is super helpful, always saying hello when you walk in and asking if they can help you.  If they see you searching they jump in to ask if they can assist.  That's a nice change for sure.  I've had them push a bit hard for the "up-sell" at the time of the sale (membership, magazines.. etc.)  Overall this is a great location with some pretty solid prices and a nice selection.
4	FYE has always had a movie i'm looking for. last semester i had a professor who assigned watching movies as homework, FYE had them all, Blockbuster didn't and you know you arn't going to find 90's movie in a vending machine.
4	I haven't been in an FYE for a long time.  I enjoyed having the time to look around in this one on the way home from Phoenix. They have all the CD's and DVD's very organized and are very helpful and knowledgeable.  They also have a lot of tie-in merchandise from movies.  I found a Broadway CD with songs from various shows and one other CD (blanking on the artist).  Both were pretty inexpensive.  I was looking for a certain used movie and they had it but it was $14.99 so I decided to pass.  It was one I'd probably only watch once so I'll just rent it or wait for it to come on HBO.
4	I'm so happy that FYE still exists. Last time I went I was looking for two pretty obscure movies. Baseketball and Orgazmo. The computer said that they had both but I couldn't find them in the store. Even though they were completely packed because of some stupid Twilight release, the employee walked me through the store looking for where they could be. We found Baseketball on some random end cap and Orgazmo at the bottom of a bin. I never would have been able to find those on my own and considering the fact they were both just really cheap used movies, I appreciated all the extra help. Whenever I want a DVD that I know I won't be able to find and I just can't wait to order it online, this is my first choice. The only reason it's getting four instead of five is because the store was slammed and they only had one register open. The line took forever but there was another functioning register so I'm not sure why they didn't have it open. There were more than enough employees.
4	I love this location.  It is rare that I leave here after a visit without a purchase.  I agree with another review that the staff is great but would receive a 5 star review if they back off on the hard "up-sell" push.  They carry a large selection of items that you simply can't find at other stores.  If you haven't been there before, I would allow at least an hour or more to look through their selection.  Also, they sometimes have various sales that are always good deals.  Best selection of various box sets (CD & DVD) that I have ever seen in one location.  Their Kids section of DVDs is also the largest that I have come across.It is worth your time and money to visit this place.  In fact, I'm heading over there today!
2	They Rape you on your trade ins. I traded band of brothers on blue ray. It retails for $79.00 at Best Buy they gave me $7.00. They do have some good selections but you may as well just trade with a pawn shop because you couldn't get any less. And they raise the prices on all new releases better off going to Target or Best Buy!
2	I've come here a few times, the service is ok but the place itself makes me sick.  They blare the music so loud I became dizzy and got a huge headache.  I wouldn't be coming back here again
4	I love FYE.  They are always running some sort of special on used dvds and cds and you can really make out with a lot of loot for cheap. Buy 2, get the 3rd for $1 is the best!  I've never had trouble with any of their used dvds before, and even if I did, they have a great return policy.
3	I have been selling these guys my old CDs and DVDs... you don't get much back but it is better than nothing.
5	Really great service, came to get scratches buffed out of a game. In and out in 5 minutes.
5	First time in FYE, I was on the search for a specific CD that I knew I wouldn't find in a regular store. I went up to the counter and asked if they had it. I was expecting a repy like "who or how do you spell that" I didn't get that at all, Julia was an amazing help! She said I believe we have one and lead me straight to it. At last the Jimmy Durante CD I'd been looking for! Quick, easy, affordable, and fantastic customer service! I'll definitely being going back to FYE!
5	Friendly people. Fixed my game that GameStop said was unfixable. Robbie is the man.
1	I've been to this one and the one on Longmore & Southern (all in one day, mind oou), and was very disappointed in both stores. Why? Because their customer service isn't very good, for one thing, although I will say the service at this location is way better than at the other store. At least at this one they are polite and will actually take the time to wait on you and help you in any way they can. At the other store, both the people working looked and acted like they didn't want to be there, especially the female employee. I've seen more expression on a mannequin than what I saw with her! She was as blank as a piece of paper! She was snarky and sarcastic with the customer I saw her assisting (if you want to call it that). The guy at the other register was on the phone while also cashing out someone who had brought in items to sell. The guy looked very hung over and looked as if he'd fall asleep standing up at any moment. He talked really slow and sluggish. He was taking his own sweet time and there were many of us in line. I finally said "Forget It" and left. (This was all at the Southern/Longmore store). I could have written a separate review for each store, but why when I wasted enough time just GOING to them both!At this one on Rural & Broadway, they had run out of money in their register from so many people bringing in items to sell/exchange/trade and the girl told me this...on the SECOND visit I paid to them on this day. At the FIRST one, she told me she was swamped with items they had gotten via sells and that it would be at least 2 hours or so before she could get to me...so I went home. Overall, a really crappy experience from BOTH of these locations and if I can help it, I don't plan to ever set foot in either of these stores again!
4	I've only been there a couple of times to get rid of old CD's, but I've been quite impressed every time with the customer service there.  The people who work there seem to be pretty knowledgeable and patient, although they seem to be swamped every time I'm there.I will say it's been disappointing to come home with great CD's that I thought they would buy, simply because they had too many in stock.  That's just a sign of the times, though, I think.  I've always seen great stuff when I'm in there.  I'd definitely go there again and recommend them.
