5	This was my first time getting airbrush tan.  I know..pretty shocking.Brenna was warm and super welcoming.  Im a bit shy, but she made me feel comfortable from the time I walked in.  She went over what she would be doing and checked out my pasty skin tone, before deciding what shades to use on me.  She had me change out of my street clothes and then applied a moisturizing solution via the airbrush.  Then had me assume a stance so she could begin spraying.  It was little chilly going, but felt nice after the heat outside.  She engaged in very pleasant conversation and had me move about to get an even application. After about 20 min we were finished and she showed me my new tan lines.  Very cool. She does an excellent job and is a real pro!  You will not be disappointed.
5	Love me some Brenna and Bronzeology.She was able to squeeze me in last minute before my vacation. I'm extremely pale naturally, but she was able to give me a tan that looked like I had been on the beach for a few days, and it looks sooo natural! Brenna herself is super sweet and welcoming. Totally the kind of girl you'd want to hang out with...but I am a little biased to Midwestern transplants.Prices are quite reasonable, especially for the results!
5	I've had a lot of spray tans from coast to coast and Brenna is the best!  Always willing to get me in if there's any possible way, I usually see her every 7-9 days and have been for over a year!  Would never go to anyone else.  She makes me feel totally comfortable even though some of the places she has to spray to get the look I want are less than flattering...ahem.  Sweet, friendly, professional and really fair in her pricing.  Book with Brenna before she get's too many more regulars...the secret is getting out!!!
5	Brenna was amazing! I called at the last minute and she made room for me right away! She makes u feel comfortable from the minute u meet her.I look like I have been in the beach for a week after 5 minutes! And the salon is super cute!!Will def be back next time I am in town!
4	Best spray tan I've ever had. Great even color and Breanna was very professional and made me feel very comfortable. Great deal with my yelp coupon offer as well. I'll definitely be back !!!
5	1st review I've ever written...Brenna at Bronzeology is great! First time getting an airbrush tan she put my concerns to rest. Very knowledgeable sweet and seems like just a good person trying to run her business & give her clients a good experience which she did. I was afraid of the dreaded orange tan...didn't happen had a beautiful sun kissed tan. Totally will recommend Brenna to anyone looking for a spray tan. One tip when checking in at the front desk make sure the receiptionist understands u are there for tanning. I just used Brenna's name and there was some confusion. Almost missed my appt if Brenna hadn't taken it upon herself to call to confirm & found out I was actually in the lobby & not late.
5	Have I mentioned how awesome Brenna is?! Ahhhhmazing.
5	Awesome experience. Thanks, Brenda!
5	Ok I have had many spray tans most ok and some not good at all. Last year I saw a friend and thought she had just come back from Hawaii she said no its just a spray tan from Brenna so I knew I had to try. First Brenna is as nice as can be then she takes the time to find out what you want your tan to look like and when I am as white as can be a few months ago she gave me just the right amount so I didn't look fake. No orange look and mine last a good week to 10 days she will tell you how  to take care of it. Highly recommend Brenna at Bronzeology
5	Brenna is awesome !!!!!!!
5	I have been going to Brenna to do my spray tans for events since 2011! She is amazing! Always great to work you into her schedule! She is very sweet and makes you feel comfortable! I would highly recommend seeing Brenna to get your tan on!
5	I'm from California and I needed a spray tan for New Year's Eve tonight and found this place on yelp. It's a SUPER cute salon with a small boutique and cafe inside! Everyone here is super friendly and Brenna was very warm and welcoming. I'm so glad I found this place cause I'm going to come here every time I'm in town! Her spray tan is by far the best I've had even around California. It dries very quickly and you don't feel sticky at all when you leave like most other places.
5	Hands down the best spray tan I have ever gotten!! Brenna is such a warm and friendly person to work with and her work is consistently impressive. I have tried places all over Scottsdale for a good spray tan and the search is over. The photos are spot on the tan always looks natural and leaves you with a perfect glow!
5	Brenna was great! This was my first spray tan and it was the day before my wedding reception (yes I'm balsy). Since nobody had anything bad to say about Brenna I decided to go for it, and I'm glad I did! The color was perfect not orange at all... Just right for February! She also took time to explain what to expect and how to maintain the color for longer. I will definitely go back if I'm in need of a quick tan again!
5	If you're looking for quality spray tan then definitely go to Brenna!!! She got me in same day even though she was booked and it she was quick! BEST spray I have had so far! I look natural and absolutely no streaks!
5	Brenna is hands down the BEST girl you will want to see if you are getting a spray tan in Scottsdale. I started going to Brenna quite some time ago.  After seeing what some of my girlfriends look like after going elsewhere in the area it reassures me that I am lucky to have found this spot. Brenna is upstairs and if you want to use the side entrance it is easier to get in and out without being seen bra-less afterwards.  If you go in for the first time she will welcome you with a friendly smile and make you as comfortable as possible.  Brenna is professional, kind and fun to talk to while getting sprayed.  She matches your skin tone to what she knows will look like a good match so you dont walk away looking like the typical Scottsdale girl with blotchy skin and some old bottle of jergens that went bad (I dont actually know if Jergens can go bad) but you get the point. I love that I found this spot and have referred Brenna to others who love her too. Best spray tan in the Dale!!
5	Thank you Brenna. As a "mature" client, you have always made me feel comfortable to get a quick" brush of summer " that is lovely and natural before weddings, events and just as a help in those first bare legged days of summer. Brenna keeps excellent records and as to the correct colors for you and your history., heels, are protected from having any kind of streaks by pre-treating all of these areas.  I believe that your training, technique and the Fantasy system set you apart. in the metro Scottsdale area and beyond. Many thanks.LJ in Scottdale
5	Brenna is awesome! I've been getting spray tans for years... this is by far my favorite place to go.  The tan looks natural, doesn't have a bad smell, and it comes off evenly.  I would highly recommend getting your next spray tan here. My sister and her bridal party came in last week to get sprayed- we received many compliments at the wedding on how great it looked :)
5	Brenna was amazing! I was a little apprehensive for my first spray tan. I was concerned about the color, streaking and the smell. Thanks to Brenna, my concerns were non-issues. The entire process took less than 20 minutes. I left dry and odorless. Brenna made me feel comfortable and welcome. The color is so perfect and natural looking. In one day, I have had multiple people argue with me that it was not a spray tan.
5	Brenna is awesome. Quick, too the point, and detailed. Mixed up color fast and we were off. Highly recommend. She's a color genius!!!
5	O M G! I love my custom spray tan! Brenna is quick, professional, and very friendly! I have wanted a spray tan for a very long time, just to finish off a golden bronze color to even out my skintone for how pale I am in the winter time. I'm already brown, but I was looking for a glow. Brenna definitely achieved that!I was able to text her late Friday morning for an appointment and she was able to get me in THAT DAY! I left odor-less, gold, and happy! Please, if you're looking for talent and professionalism, go to Brenna!!
