2	This place just recently took over Darque Tan, which provided great service to it's customers   I'm giving this place an extra star because the staff are nice people but totally replaced the staff I was used to working with. Not only that, but the manager used to always work there when I would go in and knew me on a first and last name basis, as well as knew my tanning bed preferences. This place no longer gives tanning tattoo stickers and has pretty expensive prices in merchandise, with no deals in sight. The rooms themselves are pretty blank, which I understand they are going through a remodel   But there are no trash cans or mirrors, which sometimes makes it difficult when getting dressed to go and run the rest of my errands. Lastly, I know this is probably a law, but never before have I been restricted by the 24 hour rule and I know I have probably circumvented it without knowing it per the Darque staff. I just think it's frustrating that I have to go in at the same time or later if I need to go every day before a major promo event that I'm working. What's the point in having a membership if I can go into the store in the evening on a day I work but can't go in the next afternoon on my day off. Too much has changed within the last month to want me to keep my membership. Also, I've noticed that half of the staff aren't tan themselves which makes me go "hmm".
1	Honestly, I am so so so disappointed in this take over from Darque Tan. I actually wrote Palm Beach a personalized letter about their staff ,  the horrible service and HORRIBLE products.... I have YET to hear back...I use the versa spa tanning which I am not sure why the solution they switched to requires me to literally tan three to four times in a row to get the color I want. I have asked the people that work there why this is and been told "its much more natural looking". No. Its not. It doesnt even look like I got tanned AT ALL. I am paying 50-60 bucks a month for a tanning membership, I would expect to look tan after one time. Also, I lost my ring there and their new policy about having to come into the store to discuss this is insane but I did it anyways and the girl told me she "had no clue where the lost and found was kept and I would have to come back later when someone else was working".  Great, thanks for all your help.I was soo pleased with Darque Tan I am so sad that Palm Beach has taken over and that the  product and service they provide has gone so down hill.I cant spread the word enough about how NOT to pick this tanning place to all my friends and family.
5	Apparently I'm missing something here...I didn't like Darque Tan. I felt like the staff was rude and always talking on the phone with friends instead of paying attention to employees. I came into PBT looking for a few tans for an event in a week, and walked out with a monthly membership. I had a 30$ off first month, which took care of the start up fee and a small lotion. It's more expensive than I'd like to be paying, but I like all the different beds I can use at the silver level or whatever the third level is. The manager of the joint was so kind. She was busy with people coming and and out and got them set up then came back to me. I never felt rushed to make a decision, she did the same with purchasing a lotion - took her time and explained each and asked me questions about my skin type. The beds I've used have all been nice, I appreciate them having googles for customers to use. I've had a very pleasant experience at each location I have visited and will continue to give them my business. The other reviewers were right, there aren't a lot of trash cans and the mirrors are for face only. Their parking lot isn't ideal but otherwise I recommend them. If I somehow have a terrible experience all of a sudden I'll update my review but it doesn't seem that way. I'll be sad to cancel at the end of the month buuuut I can't afford this if I don't have a special occasion!
2	Just signed up for yelp to write a review for this placed since I was upset about my whole experience Realizing the place was took over by palm beach tan and having to go through all the new paperwork and finger printing that I was too thrilled about . There is only one person working so when there is a line of "2" people they have to go through paperwork then show them how to use a bed your standing there waiting forever then we finally got started I said I wanted bed 8 (stand up) they said they had a recall on it which concerns me they don't tell you whyI said I pay a premium amount for the 7 tans and get one free at roughly 125-130.00 each set of tans because so they sent me to bed 5  (stand up) they keep telling everyone they changed all the bulbs which I call bs . It's not true So ---As white as I was underneath clothing I said give me the max (7 minutes).  Not even a shade of tan from that bed.  They try to put you in a lay down bed they said it gives more color ...After the money I pay there I was very disappointed and finished my tanning there.   Off to a new place I don't recommend this place and am not buying the fact they put new bulbs in.
1	Friday night at 5pm. No cleaning lady and I have been waiting for my bed to get cleaned for 9 minutes now. The girl at the front desk will push lotion on you like a used car salesman while everyone waits to be served. You pay per session. No matter how long you go 5 min or max time, you pay full price. Oh and the best bed I paid for in packages is broke today. *shakes his head* I miss Darque Tan
1	You know when you try a place and it's great? And then the next times are terrible? Yes, that is indeed what happened here. I get the 24 hour tanning rule, but if you're within one or two hours I don't think you should turn someone away...however beyond all of that is this:I wanted to tan a few times for an event, I was told it would be cheaper to do this as a month membership. Okay fine. Done. Okay now three weeks later at the end of the month (what I paid for) I'm ready to be done    I tell Melissa I want to cancel, she says it has to be done by the 25th, so naturally my response is "it is the 25th" oh no she didn't mean the 25th she meant before...like the 24th as in by. That's absurd. She says she'll talk to her manager. I come out of the bed and ask her if she's going to talk to her or what. She starts trying to explain that I have no choice but to wait another month because it is required to have one withdrawal before canceling...you did withdraw, you know, the first day, "no withdrawal as in automatic withdrawal" Well if you had told me that I wouldn't have given you my business. "You should have gotten a printout of this on your agreement" I didn't. "Well she should have told you about the withdrawal." Well she didn't. *starts looking through the agreement she is referring to* - surprise she can't. It actually says if I want to cancel within 30 days they'll refund you minus your sessions blah blah blah. Since she can't find the claim to support her theory "Okay well here is corporates number call them I can't do this for you." I  call, no it is not customer service, it's an automated service telling me where the nearest location is. Look up the number online, after searching forever. Obviously they don't pick up it's Sunday. So I call the Chandler location "oh yeh we just have to have you come in and sign the paperwork! Who told you you couldn't?" -_- call back the store I was just at...told her the other stores told me they could do this but that location is an incredible inconvenience for me to go to. Melissa responds "it's not that I can't cancel it...you're just still going to get charged $60 for another month. Who did you speak to at the other location?" You've got to be kidding me. Call the Shea location as it's the next closest..."of course we can you jut have to come in to sign today because it is the 25th" so you won't Charge me? "Correct"Thank you Shea and Chandler for knowing your policies. Scottsdale - please train your employees better, starting with this one.
2	nice place... but beware they only let you tan every 24 hrs.  which means if you go in at 5pm on thurs. you can not tan again tell 5p fri.  I suppose its their way of saving/making more money off people.  I would tell people to find another place.
4	I was offered a free tanning package all I went in today for a visit. I was uneasy after reading the terrible reviews on yelp but I'm a maverick and bad ratings don't scare me. I walked in and waited about 3 minutes before Mariah came out to greet me. I liked that the way it was set up it felt more like a health spa than a cheesy tanning salon. I told Mariah I was a super rookie and she was great, taking me on a tour, explaining how everything worked and the difference between the beds. She was so great and treated me like an important client. She recommended some great lotions and set me up with a tanning bed. The tanning experience was very relaxing and fun. I'm not saying I'm going to be a super tanner but for what it is I enjoyed myself thoroughly.
2	This place is an incredible rip-off! Normally buying large packages helps save money at tanning salons, but here they aren't any better. And...if you do buy a large package, they have restrictions on how long you have to use it! They try talking you into a monthly membership...upwards of $60/month plus member activation fee! Not many options for the person that wants to go in a nice bed every so often and not be stuck with a membership they don't use to the full value. Beds are ok, but not worth $25 a pop.
1	Awful place. I canceled my membership and they continued to charge my account 94.00 dollars a month for 6 months!! When I finally brought this to their attention that I had not been to their salon for 6 months they refused to refund me my money. I basically paid 600 dollars when I did not tan at their location one time within 6 months. They told me all they could do for me was offer me 4 free months of tanning. I was extremely upset and frustrated by the way they would treat a customer. They robbed me of 600 dollars when I am a student and do not have that type of money to waste. Be aware when you cancel your membership that they are not secretly charging you!!
