5	I will be a patient of Dr. Radcliffe's until he retires, which I hope is not for a very long time. I used to have a not-so-good dentist with a high-turnover staff. Mistakes were made and my teeth suffered. Then I found Dr. Radcliffe through a referral. If it's wrong to love your dentist, I don't want to be right. He's wonderful. I can't say enough good things about him and his staff.The staff has low turnover, if it's had any.  He has a great chair-side manner, great sense of humor and is a consummate professional. He'll work with you to give you the best possible care, even referring you to specialists as needed. The wonderful ladies at the front desk are great at working with you on payments and insurance.
5	Yelp probably isn't the place you'd look for a dentist, but I'm glad Amy posted a good review because that's what brought me into Dr. Radcliffe's office.  I've never been happier with a dentist.I like to say that a dentist is only as good as his reception staff, and sometimes a bad front office ruins the best dentist.  Not the case here -- the staff is as awesome as the dentist.  And the office is awesome as well, bright and modern the way it should be.Dr. Radcliffe is very approachable... extremely nice and quite good at what he does.  He treats you like a member of the family. It sounds weird to say, but I don't dread going back (and I'm not worried when it's time, because they've always gotten me in whenever I wanted)!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE going to my dentist appointments with Dr. Radcliffe and his staff. I'm 31 and have horrible teeth, yellow, many fillings, etc. Needless to say, I've always been extremely embarrassed and ashamed to go to any dentist at all. I used to go to cheap, chain dentists because of the cost, however, those offices have people that come and go all of the time! No true patient care. So, to make a long story short, I started seeing Dr. Radcliffe in 2006, by a friends referral. Not only does he sit down and talk over things, questions, concerns, he'll be honest and he's extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of dentistry. He referred me to an orthodontist for braces, I completed that, and I continue to see him and his hygienists for cleanings, checkups. I'm familiar with the hygienists Gina, Ruth and Marnie and I absolutely love all of them! The previous review is correct. They all make you feel like part of their family. They aren't in a rush to get you out the door and Sharon and Kathy at the front do great with working out payment plans and scheduling. Wonderful atmosphere at this Dentist!! Very clean, professional office with extremely talented and loyal employees. Dr. Radcliffe and his team are in the process to place 8 veneers in my mouth and I couldn't be happier with the smoothness of the process.
