3	My friends and I decided to try out the new Donatos location at Gateway Village. We got pizza to go and took it home for a VP debate watch party. I generally have low expectations for all pizza in Charlotte, but I was pleasantly surprised by Donatos. We all agreed the sauce had really good flavor, and the crust and pepperoni were crispy. I was just checking out the Donatos web site and noticed that you can order online for pickup or delivery. That convenience is a big plus, and I wish more places had online ordering.
2	Here we go again, with a place I've only heard rave reviews of. This time it was my boss, who's from Ohio, blah, blah blahing about how great Donato's is. And he wasn't the only one, I'd also heard it from quite a few of my other Friends who all were from Ohio too. Maybe Donato's is actually good in Ohio? Maybe? Either way the one here in Charlotte is not my style. I'm a New York Pizza kind of guy, I like my slices long, greasy and cheesy with a few Pepperoni, lets say ten per slice to be generous, I like the crust to be soft and doughty and thin, but not crispy. I wasn't feeling the thin crispy crust, or the weird square slices. And way, way too much pepperoni. There were some good things though. It wasn't all bad. The crust though too thin and crispy for my taste did have a nice buttery texture and plenty of flavor. You can tell the guys at Donato's know what they're doing, its nothing against them, its just not the kind of pizza I like. Try it for yourself and let me know what you think, I've got an open mind.
5	i love Donatos, it's my favorite pizza! i have been to many different Donatos locations and always have a great experience. if you're looking for great pizza it's definitely worth a try. my favorite pizzas are the founders favorite and peperoni. i am not a big fan of their cheese pizza, it's kind of bland. and i recommend always getting the thin crust.
2	Where to start?  I guess I'll start at the entrance.  Donatos shares a building with Bojangles.  Maybe "building" isn't the correct term, but hopefully it makes sense.  That is a problem, because when you come in, you're just about smacked in the face by the menu, which is up on a wall.  Not above the counter, but right in front of you - the counter is off to the side.  This can be an issue because people waiting for food to go seem like they choose this area to stand, meaning you can't get a good look at the menu (which, as I mentioned is right in front of you in the first place).  Strike one.The staff is helpful - they offer to hand you a menu - but as with many places where you order at a counter, looking through a menu in your hands with people waiting isn't a great idea.  Being able to look at something larger and make a semi-informed decision would really help here.  Strike two.Next up is the seating (should you choose to eat in).  There are a grand total of twelve tables for two, which can be moved around somewhat if you are able, so you can make tables for four, six, etc. if others aren't using them.  But if you can do the math, that's seating for 24 people, shared between Bojangles and Donatos.  Add to that the fact that service is not fast - it took upwards of ten minutes to get my sub, and others who ordered before I did took even longer.  Strike three.As to the food: It wasn't bad.  My sandwich was not huge - think a large ciabatta bun from Jack-in-the-Box, with a reasonable amount of meat and toppings.  The only problem is that I ordered it without lettuce, and it came with lettuce, as well as a monstrous dollop of mayo, most of which was removed when I removed the lettuce.  But the flavor wasn't bad.  The pizzas looked okay, if a bit on the thin side.  I also had a cookie, which was okay but for a crust that tasted a bit burnt.The staff was helpful, except for being a bit on the slow side - since they were overstaffed and the oven-cooking took so long, they could probably cut back.  And since the credit card machine spit out a receipt that prompts for tips, it ticked me off a bit.  Also, pre-made salads in the cooler is a bit off-putting.  Pizzas and subs are definitely the way to go here.
2	Donatos would have received three stars except the management is horrible. I have always had a positive experience at Donatos and have always enjoyed the food. It isn't the greatest pizza in Charlotte but it is certainly not the worst. My mother, however, has not had the same experience. My mother has a hangup with pepperonis. She likes them but she doesn't LOVE them. Everytime she orders her usual pepperoni and onion pizza she always specifies light on the pepperonis. She had never been to Donatos and was unfamiliar with their obsession with pepperonis. She called in her order and told the girl on the phone that she wanted 25 percent of the pepperonis they typically use on their "edge to edge" pepperoni pizza. She picked the pizza up and brought it home to find that they had given her an edge to edge pepperoni pizza. She promptly returned the pizza and politely asked to speak to a manager about the situation. She explained the situation and he acted like she had lobsters crawling out of her ears. He was unwilling to remake her pizza and even shared a laugh at her expense with a fellow patron who couldn't understand why my mother would not want 500 pepperonis on her pizza. She called the district manager and complained about the general manager but has not been back to Donatos since. I don't know if this will change your opinion or not but even though Donatos has decent pizza, they clearly have issues with customer service.
4	Great, consistent pizza -- Unique thin crispy crust, you've gotta try it!  Service can be slow during the day, but what do you expect at an uptown lunch joint?  Slices to go are the best deal.
2	Service was very slow at lunch. Pizza was ok - have had better pizza at their other locations.
