5	RUBBISH WORKS IS ABSOLUTLEY FANTASTIC!- Rubbish Works came to my North Phoenix home to remove items I had discarded that were piling up in my backyard and they did such a quick, professional and fanstastic job I now recommend them to everyone I know who needs rubbish removal service. Rubbish Works  pricing is fantastic (I know because I compared their quoted pricing with other local providers), and their customer service was also first class!  Their workers came in a clean truck, wearing clean uniforms, and they removed all of the items I needed within 20 minutes, they were literally in and out of my backyard.  One of the workers even raked my gravel back into place!  Rubbish works is the best, call them today, I will never use anyone else for my rubbish removal needs!- Sean , VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER!
5	Paradise Valley customer very satisfiedI submitted a request online at 7:30am and received a call promptly at 8am (same day) scheduling pick up by 12:30p (again same day). They gave a discount for online request and called when 10 minutes out. The truck was equipped for hauling (recycling) and the guys were very professional. Great customer service!! And reasonably priced:)
5	Terrific service, fair price and very prompt. The folks who showed up were extremely friendly and fast. I will use them again.
5	I've never used a service like this before & it's genius. I have scoliosis so I can't do any heavy lifting at all. We needed furniture, appliances, electrical stuff, mattresses taken away asap & they did it same day within a couple hours & only took 20 mins. I couldn't believe how fast & professional they were. I would definitely recommend to all my friends/fam & use again!
5	awesome service, not cheap but reasonable pricing. called and arrived early. the two men hauled away the items and swept up any residual mess. importantly they did everything! outstanding service!!!
5	Brandon and his team were AMAZING.  They did fabulous!  Hard workers.  Totally will use them again.
5	They were very fast, friendly, and affordable. I called and same day they were able to get rid of my old mattress and box spring. I would highly recommend Rubbish Works to anyone needing large trash removal.
5	I've used this company twice to come and collect debris from construction projects in my back yard. Both times they came out the same day and did a great job. When I call them I immediately get a person on the phone, and everyone I have interacted with was very friendly and uncomplicated. Highly recommended.
