4	For a relatively new restaurant, this location of the breakfast chain seems to have their act together. The interior is a cheery combination of red and golden yellow walls with light wood furniture and burlap coffee bags under clear plastic as tablecloths. Our party of five, including a very young one, were seated quickly and made to feel at home in a corner banquette. Getting a highchair for our friends' child was no problem either. I went with the Silly Green Chili omelette. I was happy to see that there was no trauma when I wanted to make a change to that menu item and added some chorizo for a little kick. The portion size was great, and the omelette was cheesy and delicious, especially covered in their green chili sauce. Wife had the California Benedict, with firm avocados and a very citrusy Hollandaise sauce. Both were served with parsley american potatoes, done just right with a nice crispness on one side and a soft, warm butteriness on the other.We had good service, no problems with orders and everything arrived hot and at the same time, though it did seem to take a little longer than you'd think for breakfast. Our only major complaint was the music selection of "Top 40 Hits of 1986" I have absolutely no desire to associate Mister Mister and Kenny Loggins with breakfast. "Danger Zone" indeed.
3	I finally got the opportunity to dine at the Egg and I Cafe (Ocotillo). After waiting for months for the place to open, Hatching Soon was the sign post for the longest time. It took me another couple of months to find the time and desire to go. I am always skeptical of egg places because I can make some pretty mean egg dishes at home for much cheaper. So on this day it was after breakfast and I popped in for lunch. The place is cute with the seating area labeled like streets (Scrambled Way). I was able to sit quickly, not real busy. The hostess and wait staff were very friendly ensuring I had all I needed for my self and my little one. They have 3 types of fresh brewed iced tea: regular, tropical, and raspberry (all unsweetened). I am a happy man for this. I ordered the burger with fries (other choices were fruit or cottage cheese). When the burger arrived I was a little disappointed at how small and unassuming it was on the plate, but the fries came in a heaping mound in a basket. The burger was nothing to write home about but the fries were seasoned and pretty tasty. My little one loved the fries and has now discovered ketchup. As I usually do when I have my little one with me I get loads of attention. I asked those patrons who did order egg dishes, how their food was. They all seem to state that the food was great the portions were very large. So in my conclusion, I will go back and order breakfast with the family and give another review.
1	My husband and I dropped by on a Friday morning in September just after 6:30 am.  We stood at the front desk for a few minutes and waited.  There was one other couple already seated and they were nice enough to let us know that the waitress had told them to feel free to seat themselves.  So we picked a table and waited.  After another 5 minutes (I timed it) we left.  We never did see a single employee, although we did hear them chatting in the back somewhere...  We had a great breakfast at another restaurant...
2	Granted, the restaurant selection in Chandler is slim and pretty generic. And the Ocotillo district, though it aspires to become "the next Scottsdale," has a way to go....the area billed as "downtown Ocotillo" is, in reality, just a mid-sized strip mall.So by those standards, The Egg and I is pretty decent....the food's not bad and the portions are generous.But the service...I can sugar-coat it if you like, but in a nutshell, it just plain sucks. I arrive with my wife and kids, we have four people ahead of us on the list, and we're told 10-15 minutes...not bad for a Sunday morning. Never mind that we can see four tables, all clean and available...we wait patiently, and after 15 our hostess leads us past two empty booths and three empty tables to a table in the back, with rickety chairs, by the kitchen entrance, and within sniffing distance of the rest rooms. We ask if we can have a booth instead, and are told they're reserved. Meanwhile, two groups of four who arrived after us get seated right away, and are being brought their drinks while we're still waiting for any one of six, count 'em, six waitresses to even look at us. Waitresses are running past us every 30 seconds (like I said...we're right in front of the kitchen), and every one of them actually avoids my eye contact....as do the three waitresses standing gabbing with their customers. (I'm not talking about taking their orders...I'm talking about "how did you like the movie," and "my brother's playing football this weekend" kind of gabbing.) If the place was slow, I could see it...but when you've got customers sitting there being ignored, that's just rude.After 10 minutes of this I get up and go to the front and ask the manager why. She smiles sweetly and tells me their reserved customers get preference in seating. I ask if they also get preference in service and civility....I get a blank look. Either she's considering the question carefully, or she's trying to figure out what "civility" means. In the end, she sends us a waitress. The food was actually not bad...not worth the extra 15 minutes between sitting down and ordering it, but not bad. And she knocked a bit off the check to make up for it, which I wasn't counting on....a smart practice for any restaurant that wants to see a disgruntled customer return. That said, my wife was even more annoyed than I was, and I doubt we'll be returning any time soon.
2	We went to the Egg and I for the first, and probably last time on Good Friday.The place is clean but a strange combo of urban and country.We placed our drink order promptly and it came out quickly.  OJ for me, juices for the girls and decaf for my wife. Next time I look down I notice there is a cup of coffee in front of me and  two pots of coffee on the table.  When the waiter returns I tell him he can take the pot of regular away.  About this time my daughter asks what is going on on the TV.  My wife look at the screen behind our table to see a bunch of fat guys in women's leotards and high heels dancing and spanking themselves.  My wife asks a server to change the channel so she changes it to a a soap opera?????Yeah, that is so much better.The food was ok.  The country potatoes are some of the best I have ever had, sliced thin and browned nicely.  The chicken fried steak was ok.  My wife;s omelet was ok but with too much bacon.  The girls enjoyed their waffle.  As I was leaving the greeter just leaned on the front desk watching me struggle to get the door open to push my son's stroller out and gave me a lazy "have a nice day"
4	My coworker and I tried this place last week, my lord were we impressed.  First off he had never had a Monte Cristo and I hadn't had one in probably 10 years.  I immediately sold him on it and we both loved it.  The odd thing was, what I had been used to was it being sprinkled with powder sugar and having a dipping jam of sorts with it.  This was also stated in the menu, but nothing was given to us when it was brought to us.  I asked the server who said the jam is right there and she pointed to a cup full of them.  She then brought us both maple syrup to dip in.  Okay, so not how I'm used to it, not how it was on the menu, but still was damn good.  There were far more things on the menu that we were both really wanting to try.  We'll be back very soon and I'll update this if need be.The service we had was totally normal, nothing bad, nothing extraordinary.
5	This is the place I chose when I want to have a nice breakfast.  The popeye's fritata with raisin toast is a perfect meal.  It is quiet during weekday mornings.
3	Good decor, tasty food, ok service. Had the Popeye that was enjoyable.
3	Always in search of a great breakfast place in Chandler - found this on Yelp and went for breakfast Sunday. I liked it - the omellete was prepared perfectly, the potatoes were great and I really liked the thick sourdough toast. My wife's skillet was to her liking and the kids were happy with their chocolate chip pancakes and bagel.Didn't have to wait to be seated, the waitress was swift in getting our drinks then our order. The food took about 15 minutes to get out to us but there were plenty of diners Sunday, so I didn't find that unusual.I'll be happy to go again.
1	I don't even want to waste a lot of time talking about how bad this place is...I'll try and sum it up. *Dining room was dirty, uncomfortable and hot. *Service was lacking. 10 min for the first greet. 20 min to order. 30 min for food. Every chance the server had he would go an do his side-work while eating...right in front of us. *Found a water glass at the table with lipstick. When we asked for a new one the server simply pulled one of the table new to us. NOTE: server man handled the glass at the top...where people put their lips! Food: Blah. Nothing exciting to report.  Maybe it's because I could get past the server putting his hands all over my glass.  Yikes. I wanted to like this place...
5	This is the second weekend in the row I've been here with my wife and 3 kids.  It's a different restaurant from a year ago, as all the complaints about slow service/seating no longer apply.  They had 2 hosts to seat people, a waitress that came to our table no less than 6 times and support staff to deliver and remove food.  Awesome service and friendly to boot.  The kid's menu rocks.  For $3.50, you get 2 huge pancakes and bacon or sausage, something other local restaurants would charge $5 - $6 for.  The Egg & I Omlette I ordered  was top hotel restaurant quality.  I'm a breakfast fanatic, live in the Chandler area, and my opinion is they serve up the best breakfast by far.  It's too bad the startup service in 2009 was shakey, because this is now 5 stars all the way.
3	I still like this place but service is definitely S-L-O-W. Till they can pick up the pace, it's gonna continue to rate only average in my book. Too bad because they have a rather large breakfast menu, fairly priced and cooked perfectly.
2	I've wanted to try this restaurant for some time and finally had an opportunity.  I stopped by on a Friday morning for some breakfast. It is decorated nicely and the host was prompt in seating me. The food was average.There were two things that could be improved. First, there was no background music, which made the sounds of the children crying in the restaurant seem even louder and second, the service was extremely slow. I don't plan to go back any time soon.
3	Food was good, but sadly the wait times are still a problem. I read reviews and it seemed like maybe things were better. However, we went on a Sunday am about 10 am.  Seated promptly. Took 10 min to get our drinks and order taken. 35- 40 min until food was out (eggs, waffle, pancakes) just your basic morning fair- nothing that should take that long. Waited for the waitress 10-15 min to come by so I could ask for the check. At this point it was okay/ tolerable.  However, after asking for the check, she comes back to clear the table and leaves again(no check). Waited another 10 min for her to come back with the check. Small OJ is tiny but fresh squeezed and yummy. Get the large. Would like to return but wouldn't risk the wait on the weekend again. Took over an hour for a basic breakfast. Missed the start of the football games!
3	Super slow service.  Got seated right away and ordered, but at least 30-40 minutes before breakfast arrived.  Good food, especially the potatoes.  Asked for Yelp special, but server knew nothing about it, and did not bother to even check.
2	I like the food, it's close to my house but my goodness--the service is beyond slow.  Isn't there a rule at breakfast joints that coffee is the first order of business?
4	Food was very good, nice flavors, pleasant service.We normally don't eat the breakfast potatoes that come with a dish.  We ate all of them here, so good!
5	Awesome!
4	I would like to say I read a list of reviews before trying this restaurant and surprised to see it got so many bad ones. Once greeted at the door, sat within a few seconds and our server came to us within a couple of minutes. Food was fairly priced and delicious. They are extremely generous with their serving size and the potatoes are great! Overall, customer service and cleanliness of the restaurant was very good!:) The only bad thing is they just keep it cool enough to be seated and once you drink your coffee it becomes a little warm! I say that's the only area that would need a little improvement.   I would definitely return for another breakfast date. Great food, great ppl and great service!
5	After reading the review for the Mesa locations I was a little nervous but the Chandler location is awesome!!!! Our server was so polite and gave us great service. Our breakfasts' arrived in a very timely manner and were excellent. I would definitely recommend the Chandler Egg & I to anyone!!!!
4	Food is good, atmosphere is good, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the slow service.
2	SLOW service. Worst service ever! Thank goodness the food was good! It took 40 minutes for our food to come out!!! Our waitress only checked on us 1 time the whole time we were there and when she came to deliver our bill (with out asking if we wanted anything else) we told her that we had a Groupon and she gave us the worst attitude about it and said we should have told the hostess! REALLY??? the hostess???? Since when do you discuss your payment with the hostess?! Asked if there was a manager on duty and they told us no.  Probably will not go back there again.
2	Nice place but VERY slow service, no one checks back on you.   Food was cold and wrong.  Owners were sitting chatting with friends.  They have to step it up big time or will go out of business.
2	I have been to this place at this location 4 times already and none of them really stood out as being totally bad (obviously since I still returned) nor totally great.  The food is OK and I mostly like the location (close to work and home) and the thought of having breakfast nearby that is not a chain. However, I do want to mention what happened this Sat when I went in for breakfast at 9amish with a group of 3 others.  Our server seemed friendly but our food took a considerable amount of time to get to us (we had 2 kid orders and 2 simple orders of omelet and eggs benny - how can that take so darn long?).  Sure enough when the food got in, it was not even warm, but a few degrees to being room temperature.  My eng muffins were soggy, my avocado was missing, my potatoes (which when served warm are actually one of my favorite things about this place) were room temperature and chewy.  My friends dish was in the same condition.  I asked for it to be warmed (I know, I risked a lot asking this) and it came back maybe a degree warmer, but it was not enjoyable.  My friend liked her omelet and her only complaint was the temperature.  OK, so after this, we all paid the check which involved us putting in a $10 bill and a card.  The card was charged the full balance and the $10 bill was gone.  So essentially she gave herself close to a 35% tip (she didn't even bother to ask, much less give us change).  I asked for change when she came around later and she reluctantly gave it to me.  The nerve!  I can't even understand how she thought we were giving her such a huge tip considering we waited so long for our food and I had to send it back to get it fixed.  Based on this experience I will not be returning... it was OK before, but it just got down-graded to 'i've experienced better'.
3	This establishment is now under new management and has changed names to The Kitchen.  Went there as we thought it was still The Egg & I and we had a Groupon.  When we arrived we noticed the name change so were not sure whether they would honor the Groupon.  My wife went in and asked and was told by the hostess, they would honor it.  After we were seated, the waitress advised they were not honoring them bout would provide a 20% discount.  My wife said she was told they would honor it and the waitress went to ask.  I believe it was one of the new owners that came over to advise that the hostess had been mistaken and they would not honor the Groupon but could provide 20% discount.  The Groupon was for 50% so, I did not turn it in as there are other The Egg & I locations where I can use it.  I have been in the customer service industry for many years and any good management will honor the commitment of an employee even if it was incorrect and advise the employee of their error so it will not happen again.  As to the rest of our visit, the food was good but nothing special and the remainder of the service and staff was good and pleasant.  Interestingly, the menu and receipt all still show the name of the establishment as The Egg & I.
2	The place is now called "the Kitchen" (I guess following the Living Room and Sushi Room theme of nearby joints?). This had become my primary breakfast joint for quite a while but then it changed ownership and I've decided with my last visit it is officially "over."Talked to the manager the first time we ate there under the new ownership. We were told the Belgian Waffle maker was broken and there was some issue with the previous owner and payment to the vendor (waitress may have shared a little too much on that ;)  My son would be denied his favorite :(Also told her the food portions had changed (as in less). Her feedback was that people weren't finishing their food and would actually like less. I asked the obvious question - why the same menu and same pricing? They just took over, things will improve...So we let the place settle a bit and finally went back a few weeks back (couldn't handle another Mimi's trip). Yep, the waffle maker was not working (had been down for a few weeks). And the menu was the same menu, with some items blacked out with marker.And the final straw - the food quality was actually not the same. Cold eggs only a dab of potatoes and our waitress was inattentive.
