1	WORST customer service EVER. Extremely rude and VERY unorganized! Will NEVER return! It amazes me how a small business like this would treat customers as they did me and my sister, maybe it was becuase we were women. They told us a different story everyday, about an item we ordered. We finally received it 4 weeks later! When we were told the day we ordered it it would be in the next day!!!! Plus you walk in to the place and there is just stuff EVERYWHERE just clutter and not very appealing at all.
5	Not sure what that chick is talking about...been buying bikes here for years and love it. The owner is very helpful and they always have the best gear from their vendors.....shops like this blow away craphole big chains that claim to be board/ride shops
5	If you are ever in need of a unique bike, board or clothing this is the place to go! The staff members are very helpful and patient.  No other place on the West side compares to this shop. I will be making many more visits to this shop!
5	Best bike shop in Arizona!They restored a old bike for me and its absolutely wonderful. My schwinn is brand new!! I just recently got a brand new electra and its a great blue color!!The service is top notch... They went through gave me ideas help with my I cant decide issues. Thank you small local business!!
5	Just needed a little tweek for my bike and my son's. Tightening up seat and handlebars, air up the tires, replace reflector. You know .. little things. Took my bikes here bc it's the closest place. Here's everything they did right. Greeted me quickly and politely, helped me unload the bikes, did all my requested tasks in a timely manner (15 minutes!), loaded the bikes back in the truck, and best of all .. didn't charge me a dime! Now .. here's what they did wrong. ...  *crickets* See what I did there? Seriously. I could not have asked for a better experience. I will definitely use them again .. and refer my biking friends over there. They had some beautiful bikes. Both expensive and not expensive.
5	This is the place to go for mountain bike, BMX, cruiser or just about anything that run on wheel. I brought a folding bike in, ask them to have it convert into a single speed. Gary and company got it done in minute, I was riding it with the hour.
1	I agree, worst customer service ever!! I dropped my bike's off on a Friday and told them I would pick it up in a week. I stopped in on the following Saturday and the bike was not ready. I was told if I came in later that afternoon it would be ready. I told them it could wait until Sunday so I left. When I returned on Sunday it hadn't even been touched. They claimed they were still waiting for parts!! I collected the two bikes and got out of there as quick as I could. I was planning on buying a cruiser there also, not in a million years after that experience.
5	Just witnessed great customer service from the lady at the shop...  Working prolifically with a Spanish lady, language barrier and all...  She made them feel welcome and helped them despite the barrier!  Very impressed!!!
5	Great customer service, honest and fair pricing.  They took my so-so bike and tuned it up, replaced a few parts and its better than new!
