3	very elegant but after  our bad day we decided to eat here and this was our last day so we enter it was clean only few people by the bar I order the fagioli soup  it was good, and veal piccata I did like the flavor but vegetables to plain of flavor, hubby order lasagna he didn't like it  and the bread they serve it really good also the vinaigrette they serve I really love he flavor so it was good for the prize we pay
4	Relatively unknown Italian restaurant that opened just a month ago. Bonnanos is right on the strip around the corner from Planet Hollywood shoppes (next to CVS). Good food for a good price with no waiting and extremely friendly and helpful staff. Not sure when their "featured menu" is available but great prices for decent pasta (btwn $6-8).
5	Great place, ask for Paolo!  Viva Italiano!  Good food with personal service!  The view from the outdoor seating is great!
5	I found this place on Yelp, and decided to go because it had 5 stars. The service is amazing. The food is very good, really good. The prices are very reasonable. Way better the Olive Garden by far. And you get a free dessert br checking in. Love love love this place. Wish they had one back home!!
4	Yes, there's more than place named Bonanno's in Vegas. Just remember to go to this one. ;)This Italian restaurant-bar-pizzeria is conveniently close to the Cosmopolitan, yet strategically-placed so you don't feel overwhelmed with the Strip crowd, so you can temporarily escape the Strip without actually having to. Catch up with a friend or two, watch a game, and have a white tablecloth experience without breaking the bank. $7.95 special for spaghetti and meatballs? Yes, please.Service was down-to-earth, and the staff[1] read my mind - they obviously won't be able to read everyone's, but I left quite satisfied. Bonanno's, I'll be back.[1] Shout out to Riley and the rest of the crew!
1	The worst food I've ever eaten in my life.  My spaghetti ala olio was swimming in a cup of oil ( and not even olive oil), with NO cheese.  Veal piccata was covered in a gooey floury substance that didn't even taste cooked.  The veal tasted old.  The sauce was nice.  The rolls were nice.  Chicken parmigiana was served with no pasta, but lots if julienned veggies. Serving size was large, but again, I don't know how they cooked it, but it didn't taste right.  It almost tasted steamed.  Atmosphere was noisy, with the tv blaring.  I suspect this place is probably better as a pizza joint.  My suggestion is to stay away.
5	Awesome food and great service. Thanks Rob and Stefano.
4	Good Food, Good Prices, Good Location....  We will be back on our next trip to LV.
4	Really good food at a great price for being right off the strip. Had a Philly cheesesteak, a pizza and two mixed drinks for $30. The Philly and fries were both very tasty and were a good size portion. I recommend not even trying to pick up the Philly, just eat it with a fork and knife, you will make a lot less mess that way.
3	I have to say immediately after walking into this place my husband, friend and I all remarked at how quiet it was. After being on the strip, and in the loud casinos this was a welcome change! My husband and friend both had chicken parmesan and I had an alfredo pizza. My pizza was beyond salty in the middle and less so closer to the crust so I ended up cutting the middle out of my pizza and just eating the outside, kind of disappointing.
1	Had a horrid experience. My friends and I were waiting over an hour for our food only to watch everybody else get theirs. When we first arrived the waitress informed us that it my take 10-15 minutes for us to receive our order, due to one of the cooks calling in that day. We were completely surprised when an hour later all the waitress were completely avoiding our table knowing full well we were still waiting. We finally had enough and asked for the bill, because we had ordered two beers and a soda. the waiter that seemed like he just came in told us that he would take care of our beers. Which was such a minimal consolation since we were there to eat. If you're really hungry avoid this place.
5	ExcellentI had the seafood in spicy sauce and my husband had pizza. We both really enjoyed the food.The young men who served us were so much fun. Young and cute, but really knew the menu and food! It is so nice to find a nice local restaurant!
1	Yucky! Yucky! Yucky! Had the spinach and mushroom pizza for dinner. It was canned spinach and mushroom- salty as ever. We were super hungry so I ate half of my slice. It was the worst pizza I have ever had. Don't go. Tried going to the restaurant next door but they closed at 10 pm- who closes that early in Vegas?
2	Location is tricky, We walked past it as we went up and on the overpass.  It is around the corner on street level.  The place looks new, nice and clean.  We ordered chicken parm and eggplant parm.  It came out Really really fast.  It came out SO fast that it wasn't hot in the middle.  The eggplant had cheese in the middle that wasn't melted.  We sent it back and they did add some more pasta, cheese and sauce.  They did give nice bread on the table.  The service was good and friendly.  It seemed to be family owned or at least run.  That for the strip is nice to see.  Maybe with a few tweeks in the kitchen this place could be great.  It seems that they have a walk up counter for pizza, salad and pasta.  There were more people at that then the sit down part.
2	I wasn't that happy with my dinner here.  I used a Yelp deal so I suppose for the price, the food was ok.  I think the best part of the meal was dessert.  We had a ceasar salad that was slightly overdressed and full of tomatoes.  Who puts tomatoes in a ceaesar salad?  The garlic knots were good as well.  The plain cheese pizza was greasy( needed lots of napkins to blot the grease).  The WORST dish was the baked ziti,  The pasta was extremely undercooked( as in hard) and it was just way too full of cheese.  They mixed the ricotta in with the red sauce, so the sauce was thick and pink.  Very one dimensional.  Then, they threw a ton of mozzarella on top and it was just a gloppy mess.  We took a piece of choc cake and cheesecake back to the room.  I don't normally care for cheesecake but it was light and had a nice orange flavor.  The chocolate cake was rich, but moist and tasty.  The manager was very nice and apologetic and so was the server.  Still, I cant give it 3 stars because the food was subpar,
5	Good food, quality ingrdients, will eat here again when we travel back to vegas.
1	So I went here based on reviews of others and they let me down.  What are you going to do, live and learn.  So first of all if you must come down here the closest place to park is in the planet hollywood parking garage and then it's about a mile and half hike.  I ordered the caprese salad and was disappointed when only three pieces arrived at the table.  I get that for an appetizer it should be a small serving, but 12 bucks was pretty steep, even for being right on the strip.  It's not like this place is the Sugar Factory or Spago.  I'm just saying.  My date ordered a pizza for the both of us and being that I was starving I decided to get an order of lasagna as well.  I was hoping that the pizza was going to be somewhat of a treat as the website had advertised the restaurant was an import from New York.  Unfortunately it turned out that the only thing this place had in common with it's New York counterpart was the name.  The pizza was below average and the ingredients looked like they had been thrown on the pizza at the last minute, as if the kitchen had forgot to put them on until it was almost finished cooking.  The lasagna was not much better as it was about as homemade as a Stouffers, which at this point would have at least been cooked better.  The noodles were crunchy and the sauce had absolutely no flavor.  Again if the prices were not so high the poor quality of the food would not have bothered me so much.  I would rather have just ordered out from a local place and at least enjoyed my meal at half the price.  There is not even anything unique about this place whatsoever in an attempt to lure people in and cover up the mediocrity of the food.  I suspect within a year it will close.
5	We were staying at the Aria and ate most of our meals there but decided we wanted to try something nearby. We checked out Yelp (of course) and decided on Bonanno's and we are so glad we did. Paulo was our waiter and he made the night. I ordered pasta with tomatoes and basil (I know...so simple yet not only is it my favorite Italian dish but a real test of the chef's skills. If you can't get the easy stuff perfect?). This little restaurant is easy to miss because of the construction being done on the strip. I ordered the arugula and tomato salad which was delicious and my guy ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. He liked the meatballs which is saying a lot since he is Sicilian and the "meatball maestro". I loved my salad and liked my pasta dish but I loved the service. Paulo was personable and a refreshing change from the "stiff" attitude we found at some of the big resorts.
5	Great experience and great prices. The staff takes it to a next level!
5	This little gem located just outside Planet Hollywood (facing LV Blvd near the corner of Harmon) is a find and a half!  Brought a friend here who was visiting from out of town and my two kids and we each ordered a different pizza.  My friend and I had sangria (it was delish!).  Paolo was our waiter and he is AWESOME.  Ask for him when you go.  Vegas had a hell of a wind and lightning storm while we were eating so we decided to wait it out.  Paolo brought us cappuccino and THE BEST Tiramisu I've had in a long time.  GO GO GO to this little place on the strip.  It's totally worth it!
5	This place is hands down one of the best Italian restaurant I've been to! The price is affordable and the portions are huge. The Asian hostess was very nice and welcoming and our waiter paolo was totally awesome. This place is a MUST GO
3	There aren't many restaurants in Vegas that saddle between take out and pricey, so for that reason alone, it's nice to see Bonanno's here (it's next to Walgreens on Harmon Corner). Staff were friendly, inside is pretty relaxed for being Strip-adjacent, though I'd recommend sitting outside to gaze at the beauty of CityCenter when it's not too hot.We ordered the sausage pizza and linguine bolognese, a half-carafe of the Nero d'Avola, and had a healthy supply of garlic knots. Everything was tasty, classic Eye-talian.
1	A few days ago went to Bonanno's with friends. Although the food was good the atmosphere was not. Unfortunately the entire restaurant overheard a bartender yelling at a server. We all felt very uncomfortable. I did ask the name of the person yelling and found out that it was Donna. This behavior is very unprofessional and should not be tolerated by management. Hope that something is done about this.
2	After many many drinks the other night, I had a pizza craving that I just couldn't shake.  I was trying to think where I could grab a slice fast coming home from Cosmo to Bellagio.  Of course I know that there is a pizza place in Cosmo, but I've been there so I was on a quest to try somewhere new.  That's when I remembered that there is a pizza place across the street and right next to the Walgreens.  That is where I found Bonanno's NY.Right around midnight, I walked into Bonanno's NY.  There were various slice options available, but no 'just sausage' pizza.  I was bummed  and annoyed because that is the only thing I really like.  Instead I got a sausage and pepperoni slice and asked the woman behind the counter for the slice with the least pepperoni since I was going to pick it all off.  A couple min. later, my slice was heated and ready to eat.  I took the pepperoni off and took a big bite.  I quickly decided I would need to dab the excess grease off the top, it was sooo greasy!  The rest of the slice was finished in a blur, it was ok but far from the best.I headed back to the hotel and brushed my teeth before going to bed.  As I woke up about 7hrs later, all I could taste was garlic.  Yuck!  I brushed my teeth two more times and still everything in my world was garlic flavored until after noon.  Thank you pizza for reminding me that you shouldn't order junk to eat after a few too many cocktails.I don't think I will be visiting here again soon.  Glad I tried it, but I think I will stick with the pizza at Cosmo next time I'm craving a late night slice.
1	I've been in Vegas many many times but exploring new restaurant like this was gonna make me feel happy on my last day in Vegas. What brought me was my friend has a groupon to this place. I ordered a eggplant parmesan and waitress comes back and said they were out. What kind of restaurant runs outta food and its dead in there. I ordered chicken parmesan instead, that chicken was so rough and there were so little spaghetti, its like they buy chickens from Safeway and smeared marinara to call it a day. I kept asking for garlic breads 3x with 2 different people and never came. As a outta towner, dont ever come in here. Major disappointment. I have way better experience elsewhere. Should've follow my instinct and go to Holsteins in the Cosmopolitan, like I always do.
3	First the con. The yelp coupon was not usable for pizza by the slice. I get the business practice.... But that should of been specified!Now onto the pizza. The blanco slice has a nice mix if cheese, mozzarella in the outer ring cheddar in the middle, the dough was appropriately New York, the sauce in the cheese pizza was overpowered with garlic, making it a poor choice prior to, shall we say, "evening activities." Ironically the garlic knot, had a good dough to garlic mix and was enjoyable.Overall worth a stop for a laid back evening.
5	I eat a lot of pizza everywhere i go. I try many different pizza joints. Secret Pizza in the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a close second. (Fyi there are no signs...its hidden, hence called Secret Pizza) but this pizza is truly amazing. Only thing i regularly ate. TFR
4	Stopped in for a couple slices late on a weekend night.   Real good pie.  NY style (thin/foldable)....nice cheese, good sauce.  Can't recall about the oven and the crust.....it was late ;)
2	We went to the restaurant on a Friday night to use our groupon. We arrived around 630 pm and there was only a handful of people there.  The server did not greet us, rather as he was passing by he asked if we were ready to order. We hadn't even ordered drinks yet.  The staff did not seem to enjoy working there.  The decor was nice.  The music was more upbeat and geared towards the party atmosphere rather than an italian restaurant.The garlic knots were pretty greasy and lacking flavor.  The meatball appetizer was delicious.  I would highly recommend, but it includes 3 huge meatballs. More than enough to share.  The field green salad was enough for a meal by itself and had way too mmHg dressing.  Not impressed with the linguini and meat sauce.  It had some great to it,  but no flavor.  The lobster ravioli was served with over cooked shrimp,  but the flavor was good.  For desert were had the riccotta cheesecake and the canolli.  The cheesecake was the best I have had in recent memory.  The canolli was also excellent.  Overall a great place for dessert,  but I would not recommend for dinner.  All portions are way too big.  The service was not up to par, but as a local I don't expect much form service in the Strip. Clearly they are targeting tourists that are only likely to be one time customers.   The two stars is also due to the location. The food is just not worth the hike through the Miracle Mile mall.
5	Affordable, especially for the strip. Pizza was delicious and employee Sam was more than accomodating. We will be back on our next visit for sure.
3	My wife and I decided to go out for breakfast here. The time is 3:30 pm lol (we are in Vegas after all). Well we ordered the Calamari and it wasn't the greatest. It was over fried. We also ordered a Caesar Salad and it had too much Caesar and not enough salad.I ordered the Lasagna and my wife ordered the Lobster Ravioli. The Lobster Ravioli was very good. Sauce was good and shrimp was good. Now the Lasagna was very cheesy to the point where I couldn't taste the lasagna. After scraping all that cheese away the Lasagna tasted ok. I would not order it again until I try other stuff first.The waitress was very good and the place is nice which is why I rate it 3 stars.
5	Holy Molly best pizza I've had. Awesome awesome    And I was raised in n New York where the elite pizza's are.  Leaving in Arizona I get so so pizza.  But this place was behind great.  Went there three times in my 4 day stay the buffalo wing pizza slice was awesome and the stuff and the tomato onion also.  I even took some pizza back home for the family which didn't make it on our 4 hour drive back home. Asking my friends if when they go to vegas I will pay them extra to bring a pizza home for me
3	Bonanno's is a great choice for an inexpensive meal along the strip. The menu is pretty limited, and I think the cheese pizza is really where they shine, but at $4 per slice, you can get away really cheap here. The slices are pretty standard NY style pizza; fairly wide and thin, lots of cheese and grease. They offer crushed red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese in packets, but with plain cheese slices being their best option, I wish they had more toppings available in shakers. I also tried a stromboli, but the cheese slices are better. The guy behind the counter was very honest and helpful describing their menu, and I didn't feel like he was trying to push me to buy the most expensive stuff on the menu. Fast service, good, inexpensive food. Solid three star place, and one of the better values I've found. Much better than eating at one of the many chain restaurants, and that's about all that's around the same price range other than Earl.
5	Ok it's been a week since we last had some pizza in Vegas at Bonanno's  and are now back home in Scottsdale . We are still talking about how good the pizza was . It so happens some friends are heading down to Vegas Thursday 10/17/13  so I ask if they can pass by pizza place ans pick up 3 pies and drive them back home.  Well it's Sunday and they arrived safe.  3  20" pizzas and they tasted awesome again.
1	I work on the strip and called in an order, upon arrival they had no record. Followed bye sling  did a girl take the order cause if so she has no clue. The guy behind the register wasn't even paying attention to what we had to say and made no attempt to remedy the situation. Seemed like all employees were inept meaning management doesn't know what they are doing. Will never attempt going here again.
1	The worst thing about this is I used this as my cheat meal. And I'm still mad about it. Came here on a Groupon, I eat a lot of pizza, so any chance I get to try out a new place, I'm all for it. I new this place was in the vicinity of Planet Hollywood, I hair wasn't sure where. So when I called to ask what's the best place to park, the girl on the receiving end was so rude, she had no desire to help, and told me to park in PH garage. As I'm making my way through the Miracle Mile shops, I can't even find this place on the map. Finally we ask, and we are directed outside PH, to walk around the front, to the side near Harmon. WTF. Why wouldn't you tell me to park at valet off Harmon/PH blvd? Seriously? As we say down, we were reminded that we can only use the groupon on the restaurant side and the the pizza slice side of this place? Um, ok. Our server comes to take our drink orders and wants our food orders then too. We ask a couple questions about the pizza, he has no interest in giving help. So we order the Arugula and Gorgonzola. A bread basket arrives, their attempt at garlic bread was like 4 day old store bought dinner rolls that were like doorstops. Then the pizza comes. It wasn't even picture worthy. The arugula was half dried out half soggy from the grease on the pizza. This place advertised that their pizza is Neapolitan style. No way. I know my pizza. Total false advertisement. The pizza sucked. Greasy and the Gorgonzola wasn't good. The service sucked from beginning to end. The don't have ranch dressing and they want $14 for a 10" pie. Sorry Bonnanos. I don't see this place lasting too long.
1	tasted like sabarros. not impressed with the quality of this over priced pizza.
5	I'm not a regular menu reviewer but I have to say the four of us enjoyed a great meal at Bonanno's. My prosciutto pizza was so good and the mozzarella so fresh it may actually be the best I've had since the pizzerias I went to in Italy. Everyone in our group enjoyed their choices from the swordfish to the chicken salad.  Delicious cocktails and tiramisu to finish off.  Perfect location in the heart of the Strip action without the ripoff casino prices. Actually really good food, attentive & competent wait staff (kudos to Sam). I would totally recommend this restaurant to locals, tourists and locals entertaining tourists. 5 stars from us.
3	Late night/early morning pizza tastes sooooo good!This place is open till 5am and has pretty decent pizza.  We got the pizza togo since the place was pretty crowded, kinda messy (at that hour), and small.
3	We had the eggplant parm and the argula salad.  Both were excellent.  The food is quite heavy and oily though (including the house bread).  The waiters are polite but on the slower side.  Overall, a pretty good experience and the food is much better than the fancy Italian restaurants at the Venetian.  We did not try the pizza but they looked great.
5	Andres is AWESOME!!Everyone in our party was highly impressed. The prices are pretty reasonable. The Caesar salad is great. The meatballs...OMG!!!!!! The fettuccine tortellini was amazing. Highly recommend this place.We will definitely be coming back before our trip ends.
3	Came to Bonanno's upon arriving in Las Vegas after a long flight delay, hungry for a late night snack. I had a slice of gourmet veggie pizza (gotta get my 5 a day somehow!). It cost $6.49 plus tax, which I guess is cheap for the strip but was otherwise the most expensive slice of pizza I have ever had. It was okay. Shortly after eating my pizza, I moved on to Bally's and found a place that sells $2 tacos and margaritas - a much better deal, in my opinion. While I can't speak for the other menu items, I can't help but feel there are just better options elsewhere on the Las Vegas strip, even in the middle of the night. That said, if you really want a slice of pizza and you're on the go, this is the place. The pizza (fold-worthy, NY style) comes in big slices and has decent crust, fresh-tasting simple sauce (not over-seasoned) and a fair amount of toppings.
4	We came here just from seeing it on the Yelp app and it happened to have a Yelp check-in offer.  We walked over from New York New York and it was hard to find.  It is not in the Miracle Mile Shops, its on the corner of Harmon and Las Vegas Blvd.  When we found it, it did not look impressive and we looked at the menu for a bit and almost left.  But then we noticed that was the quick take out side and there was a nice restaurant side next door.  So we went to the nice side.  There were only two other tables with customers.  We ordered spagetti and meatballs and a pizza to split.  They bring garlic knots to the table and keep them coming, they were so good!  All the food was great.  With the Yelp offer our bill was $25.  We would probably come back.
4	Great food and great service. A gem among the riff raff of casino restaurants. Even had a 20% discount for checking in.  Thanks!!!
4	Try this place for Breakfast if you fancy a change from an all American. Excellent alternative, but not light on the wallet. Do t expect McDonalds service speeds, relax and enjoy the food.
2	Came here with my boyfriend for quick dinner. Nice atmosphere; we sat in the outdoor enclosed patio. I had the pasta with red sauce. It was good but not great, nothing remarkable o, and you're definitely getting "STRIPPED" price-wise. Absolutely lovely and accommodating waitstaff.
5	We stopped by here for a quick dinner before hitting the town. We had the butter lettuce salad and it was amazing. We then ordered the spicy sausage pizza which was also fantastic. The service was incredible, but almost too incredible. They seemed to fill our water glass every 5 minutes which interrupted our conversation. But the food was so good it easily made up for it!
4	My wife and I had "date night" dinner on a Sunday.  Great tasting Caesar salad and Penne paste with lots of veggies.  Meal was hot and steamy.  The chicken was thinly sliced and seasoned lightly :)  The service was courteous and prompt.
4	I dined here with a client and we both really enjoyed it!  First off, the waiter was extremely friendly and personable, that is always a great way to start off the night.  They have a great menu, and some yummy (if not particularly strong) cocktail selections and plenty of wines as well.  We started off with calamari fritta, which was delicious and cooked just the way I like it.  They also brought us garlic knots were delicious as well.  I ordered a regular pepperoni pizza -- it was a bit more greasy than what Im used to from restaurants like this, but it was yummy.  I prefer a thicker crust, but I enjoyed it even if it was thin crust. Their desserts looked yummy but I didnt try any because I was so full.  The pizza's are big enough to share between 2, even 3 people.  I took half of mine home with me.
5	We finally made it to Bonanno's. This restaurant is so cute inside. The food was really good. The chicken marsala and spaghetti bolognese was delicious. Everything is made from scratch and we loved it. Jay the manager is  great and we will be definitely coming back.
4	We had a Groupon deal and decided to eat here for lunch.  We split a Margherita pizza and added prosciutto to it per the waitress suggestion.  We also split the meatball appetizer.  The pizza was amazing - the crispy crust was our favorite part!  The meatball appetizer came with three large meatballs and sauce.  They were flavorful & The sauce was made with San Marzano tomatoes & was very good.  I ordered a margarita and it was so good I had another!  Great pizzeria, nice cozy atmosphere and good service.  We would definitely visit again, even without the Groupon!!
4	cheap, easy, brings back memories of prom and spring break.this is the place that many high schoolers got their lunches back in the 80-90si still like this place because its comfort food at its twice baked pizza at its bestthe salad is a heap of fresh cheese and itallian dressing over lettuce and olives
4	This was our first time there and it wont be the last (even though we don't live in Vegas).  The meatballs are TO DIE FOR!  So tender, almost melt in your mouth.  The server was a bit scattered, but funny.  Can't wait to go back
3	Free garlic rolls/knots. It was good but greasy as heck.Spaghetti aglio e olio with chicken: good, but chicken was too dry and portion is a bit small. They're charging $16 for a simple dish, and the only reason they could get away doing so is because it's located in the Strip, albeit hidden from most of the crowd who walked up & down the Strip.Overall, food is pretty okay but the service is great. Unfortunately, I'm not a pizza person & I think I could get better pasta worth the money somewhere else, so I probably won't be back unless I already explored most eateries around the Strip lol
5	My girlfriend and I stopped in on a Monday night and we were pleasantly surprised.  The service was fantastic and the waiter was very friendly.  The food was phenomenal!  We had the fried calamari and tortellini Alfredo and both were wonderful.  The food was prepared to perfection and tasted great!  This was a great place to find on the strip with reasonable prices and great food.  Even though the restaurant is a little small, the service and food make it a wonderful place to share a meal on the strip!
4	Very good pizza.   The small pizza place is much cheaper than the attached restaurant and bar.The whole family enjoyed the food.   It would be great if the place had garlic salt and cheese shakers available.Not easy to park and get to.
4	We ordered  the calamari as an appetizer and we were surprised because it was actually pretty good.  It had a mix of octopus and squid which was great.  The garlic rolls we're very greasy but they tasted good.  I had the bruschetta pizza and it was delicious. We also had the baked ravioli which was just ok, nothing special about it. I would definitely order the pizza again and even the calamari but not the ravioli. The restaurant is right at the center of the strip which makes it convenient to get to wherever you are.  Ohhh, and we got 20% off just for checking in on Yelp!
5	Delicious food, big portions, good prices. We were given coupons for bogo entrees in the hotel I was staying in. They let you use as many coupons that qualify for your party ie; we were a party of 5 we got two free dinners (must have as many coupons as you need) staff was very friendly, restaurant and bathrooms were very clean. Has good menu selection and full bar.
2	Average. The best part of our meal was the beer. We were given a coupon for a free entree here, because the concierge to our hotel raved about it. We were excited, but didn't realize if a restaurant on the Strip gives coupons, might not be a good sign. We went for dinner and no one was there. Our waitress was pretty nice, though. Got our beers promptly, and were given garlic knots. They were terribly greasy. Brother ordered a cheeseburger, and I tried the special - shrimp scampi. Probably should've asked about the price before ordering - $24. Way too much. The burger wasn't spectacular but not horrible. My scampi was awful. The noodles were bland and oily, and the shrimp were stuffed with a weird mushy breading in the crevices. I had to scoop it all out for otherwise relatively average shrimp. At least I had 6, and they were big, so I was pretty full (with help from the beer - I'm a small person).Looking back, we heard everyone liked the pizza. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing. Still won't return on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I was very impressed with the food and service. Stopped for a late lunch and seated right away with a great view of the strip.Gnocchi with pesto spectacular! Great selection of beer and full bar- just a few steps from the exit at Miracle Mile
1	I have an odd gripe with Bonanno's.  So, bare with me.The food was good.  Probably about 4 stars.  And the service was ok  (see problems below).  My problem is with the Groupon the restaurant offers.  This takes a little explaining.  I purchased a $59 Groupon for a Pre-Fixed meal for two worth up to $129.  However, there is no conceivable way to spend $129 worth of food.  Which in my opinion is false advertising.^  2 Appetizers or Salads worth up to $22 each.  The most expensive appetizer is $16, and then only if you add on the chicken.  So that's a $12 deficit.^  2 Entrees worth up to $27 each.  The most expensive entree is $22, and that's only the salmon dish.  Everything else is $10-$18.  That's AT LEAST a $10 deficit.^  2 Desserts worth up to $7 each.  My wife was diagnosed with a wheat allergy, and everything had flour in it (i.e. cake or tiramisu).  So my wife had to just eat the cream out of her cannoli.  It would have been great if the waiter mentioned this fact at the beginning of the meal so my wife wasn't looking forward to a dessert the whole time.  She had specifically told him she could not eat wheat when we ordered our salads.^  2 Coffees worth up to $7 each.  We had ice tea because it was freakin hot outside.  But it would have been nice if the waiter had asked if we still wanted the coffees from the Groupon with our desserts.So, all together, ordering 2 $16 appetizers, a $22 entree and an $18 entree, desserts and ice teas, the bill came out to $89 with tax (which the Groupon doesn't cover).  There is literally no way to get a $129 value out of that Groupon pre-fixed menu.  And, that pisses me off.  We still saved money, so I didn't say anything at the restaurant.  But, over the last 2 days the fact that the deal is so misleading really ruined my opinion of this restaurant.  I feel like its a bait and switch.We got 2 other restaurant Groupons for our trip and those went without a hitch.  At both places we ended up spending over the limit because the food was great and we added onto the meal.  We also returned to one of the restaurants the next day without the Groupon because we had such a good experience there.  So, its not about being cheap.  It just about being fair.  Its funny.  I was going to give 3 stars.  And, as I started writing this, and reviewing my complaints, I kept deleting stars.  And, 1 star feel right.
2	Not much to say. They got me on a Groupon.  The waitress was nice.
5	Best meal of my life.Highly recommend meatball appetizer and dear goodness those garlic rolls!
1	It's pretty ridiculous that you state you are open for delivery but then when I call you tell me your are closed. Unacceptable. False advertising.
2	I usually judge an eggplant parm compared to the frozen store-bought kind. Well unfortunately this didn't pass the test...the customer service was average (there were a million staff running around but it took the whole dinner to refill my water) and the free garlic knots were very yummy. We used the 1/2 off deal and it worked to cure our hunger but not our need for good italian.
5	Very good food came from Tustin CA and will come here for lunch every time i come to Vegas.
4	GREAT place to get a really good, fresh from the oven, true New York style piece-a-pie while cruising the Strip. From $5-7 per huge slice, it's a great deal! And super fast and friendly service to boot!Tip: Make it even better by getting it to go and walking 2 doors down to Sin City Brewery to enhance the great pepperoni with a cold microbrew...they won't mind! How else can you enjoy dinner and a drink on the Strip for under 10 bucks?! Godetevi la pizza e birra!!! Cincin!Oh, when you check in on Yelp you get a %off offer - the gal wasn't sure how to calculate it, so she gave us the "Hotel Employee" discount - saved $3.17! That's another 317 pennies for the slots! *Located near the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino
2	What it is:  Bland pizza that will probably appeal to the wide variety of tastes of the tourist who run through the area.Counter help clerk was very, very nice and hospitable.What it is not:  Deep, rich, robust flavors.  It is also not terribly expensive, well kind of . . .  About $5 if you buy by the slice.  A tray is around $25.  In terms of prices in a tourist place, average I guess.  In terms of prices overall, high.Be on the look out for a Yelp check-in deal.
5	I've had pizza across the street from the Vatican and the pizza here can hold it's own. Our server Ricki was fantastic and fun.  If you like authentic Italian pizza, this is the place to come when you're in Vegas.  Nice job Ricki!!
5	Great service. very personal waiter. loved the garlicky bread rolls, especially dipped in vinegar and oil with crushed garlic. Caesar's salad was delicious with big slices of parmesan.  The baked ziti was so cheesy and good. The meat in the linguine bolognese was fabulous, ground rib eye and pork loin.  Great place to eat!
3	Out of the late night pizza spots on The Strip, this is one of the better ones. It's kinda ducked off near E. Harmon so it doesn't get as crowded as some of the others. The pizza is straightforward brick-oven style with a decent amount of cheese... It does the trick.
4	Just had dinner. The calamari is excellent. Portions are huge. Staff is very friendly. Overall great experience.
3	This cute, little, Italian restaurant is on the corner of Harmon and The Strip (near Bubba Shrimp and below Twin Peaks). This is the full restaurant and bar that is next door to the quick service pizza parlor of the same name. It's a small space with a bar area, tables, and an outdoor patio. It's cutely decorated and has a nice ambiance and vibe to it.We came here because we had a Groupon. It seemed like a good deal. However, as mentioned in previous reviews, it's deceptive. It's advertised as half-off and worth up to a $127 value. But there's not much on the menu that's more than $15-16. I noticed on the bottom of the menu that you can add meatballs, chicken, salmon, etc. to any entree, so I thought I'd add to the value by doing that. But to my surprise, when we got the check, we had to pay for that. Really lame.The service was nice and friendly, and very attentive.The food was all tasty, but none of it was exceptional. We started with the caprese and calamari. Both were 3 stars. Perfectly good, not awesome. We then had the bolognese and penne vodka (plus meatballs) for entrees. Both were also 3 stars. Very good, not awesome. For dessert, we had the tiramisu and cheesecake. 3.5 to 4 stars for those. The cheesecake was made with ricotta, which gave it a different flavor and made it unique.All in all, we actually had a wonderful date here and we both agreed we would do it again. The tables each have crayons on them so you can draw on the white butcher paper over the tablecloths. And we totally had fun with that. And again, the service was great and the ambiance was nice. But the Groupon was not much of a savings or really worth it.
2	if you sit outside be prepared to wait a long time for service.  it's unfortunate :( water should be served right away. the foods good that's why I'm giving it 2 stars, but do not come hungry or thirsty.
3	Late night Pizza spot that will put some grease on your stomach to soak up some of that liquor you would have taken in throughout the day and night! This pizza isn't nothing to write home about, but you have to remember you can never go wrong with Pizza!
5	BONANNO'S....WHAT ELSE CAN I SAY! It's seriously become a favorite of ours and will always go back when going to Vegas. The service was INCREDIBLE and the food..SIMPLY amazing! We went here because of a Groupon we got, and let me tell you it was the best decision we've EVER made. Jerry was our server and he is the nicest person you'd have waiting on you. He explained how the Groupon worked and what is available to get and told us we won't finish all our meals because of how big the portions were....let me tell you we need to-go boxes! Each meal was designed to perfection and whoever the chef is/was...you are amazing at what you do! The waitress came and filled up our ice tea's every 10minutes or so...and if you are like me, having a FULL drink at all times is important. Jerry, thank you solo much for giving us an amazing experience and being so kind to us! BONANNO'S  GIVE THAT MAN A PROMOTION!
5	Friendly owners and really good pizza. Try the stromboli for $8. We went to the slice-of-pizza side.
4	Fettuccini Alfredo, Baked Ravioli were both great. The starter bread was good enough that I skipped the dipping oil and the wait staff was friendly and quick. Well worth sitting down to eat rather than grabbing a slice to go. The menu has enough vegetarian options to make it an actual choice. The 20% off drew us in and I would be happy to stop here again on a future trip.
4	This is a great and cheap place if you here in Vegas this is a must eat place so manny nice ppl here.i come at night to eat rosa is the best always happy to there.
5	First night in Vegas and went on a recommendation from or hotel. First off not sure why the complaints about high prices,  we're from the east coast and the prices were more than reasonable and then the food....my wife had the pasta primavera and loved it and I had my favorite, eggplant Parmesan and without a doubt it was some of the best I ever had including homemade. Pasta was served the only way it should be, al dente and topped it of with an amazing Cannoli, we will be back before we leave!
3	You can call it whatever you want, but this is a Sbarro in a food court. There's nothing wrong with that, but set your expectations accordingly. Do you like Sbarro's Stromboli and garlic knots? Then you will like Boniver's Stromboli and garlic knots. Easy as that.
5	Restaurant quality at a food court!  Ordered a pepperoni Stromboli and the Penne pasta with meatballs to share and both were fantastic!  The penne pasta was very fresh, they just put out a new tray and it was soooo tasty.  Highly recommend eating here.
1	Walk into this place at 9:00pm... Wanted a side salad, I ask the cashier what dressing do they have, she replies no salads are made after 8:00 pm... Really??? Why have a menu you don't comply with.. The worse part about it, I ordered to slices of pizza for me and my husband.. Pizza was cold and tasted awful!! This place sucks.. Will not recommend!!!
3	20% off with Yelp check-in. Party of 8 ladies on a Sunday night, most got the pasta but I had the Prosciutto pizza, essentially a Margherita (tomato, basil, mozzarella) with prosciutto slices on top. Didn't take too much longer to arrive than the other girls' pasta dishes. The bread and olive oil/balsamic was good to tide me over. I would have liked more prosciutto evenly distributed but the pizza came out hot out of the oven, crispy crust, and six slices was definitely filling (slightly bigger than what I'd call a personal pizza). It hit the spot!
1	We are locals. Living her for years.  Am originally from New York. city. So I love New York pizza and I have found it , but not at Bonanno's  We've been to just about every pizzeria place in las Vegas.  But this is not one of them.  The pizza is not that thin in a pie and they put Basilico On top of the pizza pie.  Its not much But it's enough for you to make a face when you take a bite of pizza.   Now those of you who do not know what Basilico is. ... its basil,  an Italian ingredient.  For Italian sauce. But it does not go well on a New York pizza pie,   When, we were leaving the restaurant. Of course thwy asked .  " so how was your pizza?  We were honest. And said. We didn't. Care for it.   We won't be going back.   Were sticking to Rocco's,
4	Had salads here as a snack before a big meal later.  Service was fast and friendly but was not crowded at 2pm on a Friday.  Food was really good.  Chicken in the salad was tasty and so were the bread rolls they brought.  Balsamic at the table was so good we ordered some on line before we left to have at home.  Can't comment more than the salads and service but we will try it for more some time.
4	If you like the old Manhattan style atmosphere restaurant with great staff and awesome pizza tasting then this is for you, don't forget to order the garlic knots and the Caesar salads.
5	Omg can you say yummy!!! Bought a groupon on a whim and this place blew my mind. Had the pizza and chicken parm both tasted amazing!!! Authentic Italian meal, great service and friendly staff. What else could you want?!?!
4	Tore this place down after a Cosmopolitan Pool Party!Met some nice ladies and went in on everything on the menu.Dropped about $60 on grub, but had to find seating in another area.The food was good and definitely, hit the spot after a day of fun in the sun at the pool.Would definitely try again and hopefully, they can get the line situation sorted out since a few people seemed to be upset about speed of service.
5	Great  Italian pasta dishes at a reasonable price!  Family ordered 4 different pasta entrees & all love their meals!  We also enjoyed their garlic knots too!  Highly recommend!
4	We had a great meal here with excellent service.  The atmosphere was very nice.  We had a pizza,gnocchi and a cheeseburger all was very good.
