3	I came here to satisfy my craving for fish and chips. I ordered the cod and chips ( they also had haddock and chips). They deep fry the fish and chips when you order them so they come out piping hot straight to you on newspaper (how fish and chips are traditionally served). It also came with coleslaw and a wedge of lemon. Surprisingly the fish and chips weren't that oily so I didn't feel light headed after finishing it. The fish was decent and fries were addictive. I was sort of hoping the fish batter to be more crispy though as it was missing the crunch I usually look for in a good beer batter.  But overall I was satisfied and I can see myself coming back.Another thing I should mention is the decor of this place. The whole place feels like an urban loft and has a warm, chill atmosphere. It also helped that I was there on a cold, rainy evening so it made the meal even more enjoyable.
5	I give Ish and Chips 5 stars, not only for their great food but for their patience and productivity! Holy, try going to this place around 2:15am on the weekend just after the bars let out.... They are a well oiled machine, no pun intended.  How 3 guys can keep some semblance of order to 30+ wasted hungry people at a time is beyond me, but kudos to the hard working staff! I not only enjoy the food here but the smiles and pleasant attitudes even when they are swamped! I can only imagine how they handle a normal sober dinner crowd. Thanks for the great service and the tasty eats.RebeccaGloss
4	First time having fish and chips in years, gotta say brought back great memories. Haddock with chips for just over $5 which was a great deal! - The fish was perfectly fried and didn't leave a greasy aftertaste.- The chips were just crispy on the outside and very light and fluffy on the inside.The bonus of the loyalty card is awesome, only negative with it is the expiry date that is on the card given that I do not go to waterloo often enough to hit the 10 stamps needed.Overall, the rating would be a 3.5, I loved the flash back to my fried fish eating days. The environment is very relaxed with the feel of a laid back urban loft. I would have given a 4, but the expiry date of the loyalty card drops 0.5 stars.
4	I stumbled in here late Saturday night and decided on the chicken fingers and poutine at the recommendation of a veteran Ish and Chips goer... and also because I felt that fish wasn't the right choice for me at this hour.The chicken fingers were crispy and delicious but the poutine left a little to be desired and I might opt for just fries next time.It's a small spot with just a couple of high tables. The menu is clear and well-placed above the counter. Staff was very friendly and in good spirits considering the slew of inebriated patrons they were faced with at the time. I'm looking forward to my next trip to Waterloo - I'll definitely come back to this spot.
1	Tiny little pieces of fish that seemed not much better than something you might find the freezer section of a grocery. Stale tasting chips. Most annoying to my boyfriend, tiny individually packaged tartar sauces (obviously not made in-house) that are incredibly wasteful for a fish and chip joint.  Didn't try the coleslaw.
1	Just burned to the ground. Building gone.
