4	We checked out this sandwich shop today and were pleased. We ordered a 10" BLT grinder, which was plenty for the both of us. At just $6, the price was definitely right. Our order came up quickly, and when we got home to eat, we found they had thoughtfully packaged the lettuce in a separate baggie so it wouldn't get soggy. The sandwich was piping hot and topped generously with crispy bacon. The service was quick and very friendly. I don't eat at chain sandwich places very often, but we had a good experience here and we'll check it out again in the future.
5	Two of us just ordered two 10" sammiches (buffalo chicken and turkey 'lite'), cole slaw, and a salad with sesame-peanut dressing from Foodler.com. This was the most perfect delivery food I've ever been lucky enough to order.  The sandwiches were perfect.  The salad was perfect, with great dressing, and onions sliced incredibly thinly so they weren't ever overpowering.  The cole slaw went together with the buffalo sauce really, really well.It also got here early.This might be my favorite place for a sandwich from now on out.
5	great baked grinder on great bread at a great pricelike the sizes, not like some places you get way too big and pay for ithave nice selection including cookies and sideseven nicer that they delivered
3	This place came highly recommended by an acquaintance, but I have to disagree. I ordered a sirloin steak sandwich and got 3 thin slices of reconstituted beef (like Arby's uses).  My guest ordered a chicken sandwich.  It also had virtually no meat.  The greek salad was good and the side green salad was of a good size. The help was very young and inexperienced.
5	OMG! Their Pizza is so good. They have a really good thin crusted pizza which I looked for months in Pittsburgh!
3	Yet another foray into using my groupons to try new eateries. I've lived in Bloomfield for going on three years now a did never stepped foot into WG Grinders. I'd held onto the groupon for a while and on a nice evening we got a case of beer and some food from this sub shop. The place was pristine clean and empty. The music was deafening though, which made the fact that the place was completely empty unsurprising. It's set up that you order at one end and pickup at the other end. I stood for almost 5 minutes while two employees stood at the food counter and talked. Once someone finally acknowledged me I mentioned I had a question and the guy tried to start taking an order immediately, I had to mention again I had a question. This got a dramatic sigh and the response, "What." If I hadn't already paid for the groupon I would have walked right out.I mentioned the groupon and asked if they can take it from my phone and not from a print out. Once again I got a dramatic, "Aww come on. Look I'm not the regular manager, I'm a temp from back in the day." When I didn't respond to what he had said he then asked the other girl who was working who promptly and politely took care of me. She took my orders and the two 10" subs totaled $16.05 with my $16 groupon this was a great deal.I've worked in a similar establishment and I could both see and understand the order screen. There were 3 orders on there and 4 people working. It still took over 10 minutes for the food. I'm not saying 10 minutes is an eternity, but when you have someone standing there watching one would assume you'd at least fake some sense of effort in making the food.Oh, the food... I had a 10" buffalo chicken and the boyfriend got a 10" steak sub. +:1. Toasted fresh bread.2. Great mix of blue cheese crumbles and spicy buffalo sauce.3. 10" is two meals worth for me.4. Great mix of flavors in the steak sub.5. Local business.-: 1. Clearly frozen chicken pieces.2. A little too much buffalo sauce.3. Steak was more like a lunch meat grade meat.4. A little more than I would pay for something that feels on the same page as Subway.The pluses outweigh the minuses but not by much. I honestly can't say if I'd be back or not.
3	They used to have such good cookies! I've ordered some of them a few days ago. They don't bake those good cookies anymore. VERY DISAPPOINTING.
1	If it were possible to give a place no stars or negative stars, I'd hand out -100 stars to this fine establishment.  I've never dealt with a more unprofessional business such as here.  Very rude, especially if  you call an order in.  I can understand having an attitude if you had stellar food, but sorry Grinders, you do not.  Knock it back a few notches.Let me recount a story for you.  Ordered here, quite a bit of food, wasn't just one or two items to be delivered, this was an order for several people.  Called the order in, added up the amount that would be needed to cover the bill, factored in tax and tip as well.  When given my price from them on the phone it was $6 more.  I didn't think twice about it at first.  A few minutes later I needed to add an item to our order and called back, not only was it like I was wasting their valuable time, but it was the biggest inconvenience for them to have to take care.  I was unaware that you didn't want to make more money...  Since I had them on the phone I asked about the extra $6...guess to them it's A-OKAY to charge you a $6 delivery fee and expect you to still tip the driver afterward.The phone call was filled with lots of rudeness from the employee on the other end, so much that I had to hang up on him and just pray to god my food wouldn't be tampered with.  The next day I sent a complaint via their website and got a generic response back saying something along the lines that these are franchised stores and you would need to contact that store.  HA, that was laughable.  My complaint was probably properly filed in the toilet after a nice wipe, NEVER heard back from them.That just means they'll never hear from me again for an order, and to this day I tell anyone that will listen to not order from such a rude establishment.
