5	Scandalesque is a definite A+++ show! I can not recommend it enough.The performers in Scandalesque are very talented, and the choreography fantastic! If you have a chance to see one of their shows DO NOT MISS IT!Sexy, Funny, Creative, that is Scandalesque!
5	Scandalesque is brilliant.  The performers are sexy and enticing and have the ability to make some pretty complicated acrobatics and body balancing look simple and fun.  Their beauty and strength is captivating and it's hard to take your eyes off of the mystique they produce.  My company, Entertainment Solutions books them for events and I would highly recommend considering them for a VIP or cocktail party.  The dancers are often scantily clad while performing, but they can wear more family-friendly costumes for events that welcome all-ages.
4	The first time I went to this showi was  expecting something else, but I did enjoy myself anyway. The MCs are always funny. The acts are amazing. Great acrobatics, great dancers, good themes. They do move around a bit, I hope they find a permanent home. And it is definitely not what I would call typical burlesque. But who needs typical all the time? Great artistic performances!
4	Very talented group of performers. My favorite is the "twins" when they perform hanging acrobatics either from a hula hoop type ring or fishnet hanging from the ceiling. Mezmorizing to watch. Sexy hawtnes.
5	Scandalesque is definitely as good as it gets for burlesque in AZ!  I've seen these women progress their talent for the past 6 years and they never cease to impress me.  Been following them from every venue since Paper Heart Gallery in 05'.  I recommend this show to all of my friends and family who are wanting something lavishly exciting to watch.  Are you looking for an awesome quality show? Want to see incredible synchronized trapeze performers, hear beautifully talented singers, and watch sexy feather fan dancers?  Check out Scandalesque folks---they are what's best in the entertainment biz and will not disappoint you!  See you at the next show!
5	Burlesque done well, in the true spirit of the art form!  I especially love their diverse pool of performers. This group seems to gather together the best of the best and clearly have a good time doing what they do best! As a performer I get to work with a wide array of performers from many different artistic backgrounds and I have to say...I have had the pleasure of working with them from time to time and they are always a joy to create art with! Be sure to check them out when they come to a venue near you!
5	Excellent choreography and the numbers were smoking H-O-T! Really impressive acrobatics and performers, they make everything look so easy. Highly-recommended!
3	You will spend your first half hour stretching and then the last dancing. There are so many students in class because of Groupon you cannot move.  There must have been 60 in my first Burlesque class which I took during  in the first class of this month.  We only had 20 minutes of actual dress-up and practice.   I think most of us there want to have fun and learn some sexy moves.
1	Avoid this company at all costs!! They are unprofessional and unreliable.  I booked them for an event on a Saturday night and they cancelled on us with no warning just one day before with absolutely no reasoning. OUt of options for the following week I tried them one more time since they had given me a good rate. They just canceled AGAIN the day before my event leaving me no time to hire new performers and stated that they were not happy with the rates they agreed on!! DO NOT TRUST this company, there are many other companies like them in the area. Save your self some trouble and book els where
5	I have been a fan of Scandalesque for years, I even had one of the dancers perform at my second salon's Grand Opening party, what a treat that was.  I try to go to all their shows, whether it is a big production with many cast members or a small affair at FilmBar.  I already have my tickets for the next 2 shows coming up!  I also like that they teach classes.  The classes are not your basic workout either, you can truly channel your inner sex kitten.  This company just gets better with every passing year, bravo!
5	Scandelesque is by FAR the best Burlesque troop in Arizona, even though burlesque is only the beginning of the genres of entertainment they perform.Not only are they professionally trained dancers, but truly creative and unique, always reinventing themselves.  They are also extremely professional which can be hard to find in entertainment fields.  Aside from enjoying their shows on a regular basis, I hired them to perform at my Wedding and they made it extremely special!  My guest loved their performances and yours will too!
5	I have hired Scandalesque at every major event I have ever produced and they are absolutely the very best burlesque in Phoenix. It's not just what they do but the professionalism in which they do it. I have attended their open houses and from amateur to advanced they teach, train and treat every person as a star. Whether you want to learn how to be a fabulous full time burlesque dancer or as a hobby Scandalesque brings huge experience. My crowds always love watching Scandalesque and I always get requests to book them for bigger shows. They are as good as it gets.
5	I have used this company for many years in the nightclub industry and for several charity events. I can say that they have always been professional, fun, very cooperative and realistically priced. I highly recommend them to add flare to any event large or small. Good job girls!
5	Local burlesque troupe Scandalesque has been going strong for 10 years now, and for good reason. The highly entertaining show, which includes everything from acrobatics and fire twirling, to sexy striptease and song-and-dance, features talented performers who craft carefully choreographed, polished acts for a highly professional performance.I've been a fan of the troupe since I first saw them at the now-closed Paper Heart in Phoenix around seven years ago, and when I checked them out at The Pressroom in downtown Phoenix this past weekend, I was thrilled with how their Madonna/Marilyn Monroe-themed show turned out.Founders Pyrrha (Christy Zandlo) and Lady Fonatyne (Julianna Curtis) are the anchors of the show, performing many of the songs and getting the crowd pumped up for their supporting cast members. The ladies are both stellar singers with uber-hot bodies, and they draw inspiration from classic burlesque performances to put together their shows. A feisty host kept the action moving, with songs alternating between the two legendary singers.Each song included dazzling costumes, and there was always something cool to watch, whether it was feather fans covering up a nearly naked upper-half, or a performer climbing up and flipping around fabric high off the ground. Sure, there was a ton of skin being shown off, but the moves were classy.Paired with live art, cigarette gals mingling in the crowd, an open bar and a ton of audience participation (including lucky guys who received lap dances), the event was captivating all around.They'll be back at The Pressroom for a sci-fi-themed show Friday, June 27.
