4	Very friendly and helpful staff. Prices are a bit on the high side and no negotiations in pricing.  I've been in there many times over the past year (this week included) but have yet to find a deal I couldn't pass up..... but I have faith.
5	Awesome shop with great inventory, good prices, friendly staff. Highly recommend.
5	As a retired (34 year) law enforcement officer I can attest to the true professionality of the AZ Firearms staff.  The staff includes a former Chief Of Police from the Goodyear, AZ Police Department and another first class retiree from the law enforcement community.I find the staff to be courteous, friendly and knowledgeable of the full range of firearms.
1	I would like to start off by saying, you shouldn't have 21 year old kids that are rude trying to sell handguns. I went in there looking for a SIG P239 .40 which they had. The case for the gun was complete junk and wasn't taken care of all, 2nd the MSRP was $840 and they are selling for $880, I asked for $40 off, which they could not do. Then on top of everything, I provided my CCW and they still did a background check. When I informed the kid I didn't want to purchase the handgun, he felt the need to tell me that he does not get paid on commission and that it wasn't a big deal...so I bought my firearm at BUDSGUNSHOP.COM and paid $20 to a FFL dealer for them to take delivery...never again will I visit or recommend anyone here.
5	This is a great shop with an always interesting selection of firearms. It is my favorite gun shop in the valley even though it's an hour drive from my house.
5	Nice small friendly gun shop in Old town Avondale. Nothing fancy more of an antique in its self.
5	To date I have only used AZ firearms for FFL services. Every time I have gone in there I have been impressed with the array of products that are available in the store. The guys there are from me and extremely knowledgeable. One of the guys is highly opinionated but that's okay. We all have our passions. I would most definitely buy a firearm directly from these gentlemen because of their professionalism and their prices do seem fair. The guy who owns the place, I'm assuming, is very cool and looks like he is possibly former military. He is the most professional of the bunch and probably the most knowledgeable, and coincidentally, the friendliest.
5	Ive bought 6 guns from this store.  Gotta be honest, one or two of the staff members can be a bit rude, seem like they hate answering your questions, But if you get the Tall Mark or the longer hair/glasses mark youll be in for some damn good customer service.  which means a lot to me when making a decision about a firearm that im about to purchase. Good prices, very good selection. Visit here before you go to cabelas or some other franchise. Side note: long hair Mark (they have three Marks that work in the store lol) is exteremly friendly and seems to love what he does. Hes always gone out of his way to explain things or answer any question you can think of.
