4	I love this place.  It's more than just a place to get your oil changed.  I've had my breaks done here as well a battery replacement.  When my car wouldn't start the other day I had it towed here.  Turns out it was just a battery problem, since it was still under warranty they replaced it without cost and even waived the diagnostic fee.  Everyone I've talked to here has been friendly, and never have I been upsold for things I didn't need.
5	Again the corner garage comes to my rescue.  I can't get into too much detail about how another shop screwed up royally, because I'm still waiting for a response as to what they plan on doing to fix it.  However, Korner Kwik Lube saves the day.  It was a busy Saturday and the small waiting room was jamming.  So were the people working there.  They were whipping oil changes and smog checks out at break neck speed.  Even still, Mike was kind enough to let me explain what was going on with my van and let me choose what I wanted to do.  They took the time to really work out the problem and get me on my way.  It really is true, I love this place.
5	I got to say, that Korner Kwik Lube, is probably one of the few mechanics out there, that are good at what they do. I've been living in Vegas since 2007, and its probably the first place I got my oil change. I later found out that it was more then a Lube store, and more of a full body mechanic corner store. That really impressed me, at first, but I usually just go there for a smog check. Not really realizing I can still use Korner Kwik Lube for a full body mechanic, I decided to go to a Goodyear to fix my steering system. Since Goodyear is a good brand name, I thought I would give them a shot too.   I had Goodyear mechanics "fix" the problem for $600, to have the problem return 2 month later. Going back to Korner Kwik Lube, we asked them to check the power steering fluids. It so happens, that they mention the powering steering fluid that was in the system, from Goodyear, wasn't suppose to be there. So we had Korner Kwik Lube redo it for $40. The steering work well, for a week, before the problem came back. We had Korner Kwik Lube take a thorough look though the whole steering system. They came back to us, saying that the Rack and Pinions isn't doing its job properly and leaking. Remember that $600 dollars we spent at Goodyear, it was for the Rack and Pinions, which was done back in October 2010, in this case, 2 month ago. Debating to go back to Goodyear and getting it re-fixed or have Korner Kwik Lube put in new parts? After deliberating it with the wife, we said SCREW GOODYEAR, they screwed up so many times, and over charged us, and let Korner Kwik Lube have our business. Korner Kwik Lube, has been kind of honest, and cheaper then some mechanics out there and they seem to be more accurate on their timing, then those that takes more then a day to finish something, when Korner Kwik Lube can probably get it done in a few hours. I would highly suggest people to this mechanic, but probably want to call first, to make sure they can meet your needs. So far they met my needs and very happy with Korner Kwik Lube.
5	I'm very impressed with the honest staff here. After failing a smog test under questionable circumstances at another place. I decided to bring my vehicle here for retesting based on other reviews of this place. Passed with no problems. I definately will be bring my vehicles here for any work. Knowing they are going to be honest with you makes all the difference. Thanks!
4	No BS here. They really help you if you have any car problems and also reasonable on their prices.
5	I am an elderly single woman. It was such a pleasure to finally find an honest mechanic near my house. The staff was polite, the work was done in a timely manner, everything was explained to me (what work I did or did not need), and the price was descent. I can't tell you how many times I've been ripped off by other places, it's sad.I will be returning if I need any work mechanical work done or checked in the future.
5	Nice guys. Took good care of my problem.  Didn't try to push any extra work on me. Reasonable prices. Honest mechanics. Will definitely be back!
5	I have a f-250 diesel and needed a smog check to re-register.  The shop did a great job of getting me in and out and even have me a coupon for a free fountain drink at the gas station near by.  They are conveniently located in the north for any diesels out there that use the N Decatur DMV.
5	I would give Royal and his crew at Korner Kwik Lube Tune & Performance 100 stars if I could! After relocating to Vegas as a single woman, I have been taking my car to them for a year or so now. And last week, yet again, they provided the most excellent customer service.  I trust them impeccably, they are always so helpful, polite and quick to identify a problem with my car. The work I need done (and don't need done)  is always explained to me and the repairs are completed in a timely manner and at a very reasonable cost. I work in the customer service industry and their customer services is exceptional. Consequently, it has earned them another loyal customer!
3	Great shop they made things right. Fair for the most part.  Great place for any of your automobile repair needs. I recommend.
5	Great service, went in for a first smog check on my car since I just moved here. Was done in 10 minutes.
5	I live in Los Angeles and I had to leave asap and they were able to fix my car quickly and with a smile. Left me extremely happy.
5	Incase your wondering, the reviews were accurate! Very fast, honest work! I wasn't talked into any extras here. I went in for an oil change and that's what I got. My baby girl is purring like a kitten again!! Thanks Royal!
