4	To me, Soma is one of those little-known stores.  Everyone knows Chico's, but what is this Soma store next to it?  I first meandered into this Soma store back in 2007 looking for the famous U-shaped bra, supposedly the solution to all low-cut dresses' problems with bras showing.  However, the dress I bought it for also was low in the back, so the bra has not realized its full potential.Fast forward to this year, when I somehow remembered that Soma existed (probably from visiting Chico's next door) and started peeking around.  I noticed they have a great line called Cool Nights that has jersey-like fabric and is really comfortable.  I have seen dresses with details resembling anthropologie's clothes but at much better prices.  Though they do not honor Chico's coupons, they do honor Chico's passport members!  I have been a passport member for awhile (mostly on jewelry), so I get 5% off all of my purchases here too.I love their sales - they have incredible markdowns.  I got a wonderful Cool Nights top to sleep in for 70% off in store, and saw a top there not in my size, went online and got it for $19.99 and online honors my Passport discount so I saved a buck off that!  AND I got free shipping from Soma!  Soma also sells activewear!  I bought work-out shorts on sale for under $15!Lastly, all women deserve sexy lingerie.  We just do - you can see my review on Love Jones for more on that.  I went into Soma once and found a beautiful white ruffled and lace chemise, and it fit beautifully.  I can save that for my wedding night in less than 10 months!
3	I have been in here a few times now and scored some amazing bras on sale. I found the sales people to be helpful but not that friendly. But overall its a great place to drop in if you have some time. Who knows? You could end up with something pretty nice for a very fair price.
5	I've never heard of Soma Intimates, and although Chicos is familiar, had never been into either of these stores. I went out shopping today and desperately need new bras. I came in and immediately the saleswoman, Kellie, asked if I needed any help finding anything. I told her I needed some new bras that held me up without allowing me to fall out. She asked my size and immediately said "There's no way" (in a nicer, more professional way, of course). She measured me and I told me that I was actually two cup sizes bigger than I had been wearing. She promptly grabbed three different designs for me to try, all of which fit perfectly and looked great. I purchased all three and, as I'm waiting at the register the woman next to me is going on and on about how grateful she is that she'd finally found a bra that fits her and looks great. She felt the exact same way I did. Honestly, it was the fastest and most painless bra shopping experience I've ever had. These women obviously knew what they were doing and I could not thank them enough. I will definitely be getting all of my undergarments here from now on. Thank you so much, Soma!!! You've got a customer for life!
4	Good brand and company- I've been a fan since a friend introduced me. She was so passionate about their great service and products that she now works there! Sadly she isn't at this location, though.Worked with Jennifer when I went in yesterday evening- was immediately approached and helped with sizing and selection. Love the hands-on service here, comparable to many higher-end stores. Bras here are pricey but high quality, and really not much more expensive than other specialty stores such as Lane Bryant and Victoria's Secret.Purchased two bras, and was able to take advantage of their $20 off $100 sale- sign up for their emails and get frequent coupons/sale alerts by email and snail mail. Your birthday snags you a $10 gift card.Bras are high-quality, as are panties- good selection and a high level of attention is paid to fit. This is not a place where you can just grab your size and go, you have to try on and make sure- I've noticed quite a bit of difference in fit between different styles and fabrics. Dresses here are also gorgeous and I love that they're usually made with high quality cottons, lightweight and nicer but still fairly casual. They also have a large PJs selection that I have yet to take advantage of.Ask for Jennifer- she's very helpful and bubbly without being too clingy or overly attentive. Always get a fitting when you go, and ask about promotions.
2	I am a new customer to Soma, having first seen some ads earlier this year-I went in to try some items and ended up replacing all my bras and undergarments. I recently went to put on my favorite bra only to discover that 1 of the hooks had broken out of the back strap-rendering it unwearable. I went to the store location at Town Square expecting to be able to trade it out for a new piece. The manager-a young lady who called me "Hon"-who calls a client "Hon"? -said I must have put it in the wash machine and there was "absolutely nothing she could do". First off-I am a retail manager and there is always something that you can do-we all have ways to damage/defect out an item-and since they always take your name and address and I certainly get plenty of email from Soma so know they have my information-she would have seen that I've bought plenty of product. I left it with her and told her to throw it in the trash as it was now useless. I've been washing bras for 40 years and never had one break out a hook in the short time I owned it. Expected better. Also should tell the young manager that a brand catering to a mature demographic should lose the attitude and up the problem solving skills. Although I want to like the product-won't be back to this location in Town Square if I shop again.
1	Worst customer service ever!!! They talk about you loud enough to their coworkers while you are in a fitting room. Never going back. They do not even deserve 1 Star!!!
