4	I should in fairness say that I've no real business rating a chippie in Scotland. I'm from the U.S. and haven't had decades of greasy chips in sodden newsprint to develop my palette to this particular delicacy. But within my narrow experience, these guys excel. I can also report that  everyone I know who knows this place (most of them Scottish or English) agrees. This chip shop is the business.What makes them different? For one thing, they don't serve deep-fried burgers, pizza, kebabs or mars bars. They do fish...and chips (well, they do some bizarre sausage-y thing, but that's Scotland for you). Second, unlike lots of chippies, they don't just set up rows of fish half cooked, and then finish them off as you come in the door. Everything is cooked to order. The chips are hot and properly crisped. The batter is light and the fish not swimming in grease. They also offer an excellent range: haddock and mackerel as usual, but also less standard variations as "specials", such as skate and monkfish.A trivia detail: there is a famous (almost legendary) chippie up in Anstruther, winner of many awards. I've been there and it's good, but no better than the Tailend. And guess who used to run the Anstruther chippie and won all the awards? The guy who now runs the Tailend. 'Nuff said.
4	If only someone would invent fish and chips that wasn't so ridiculously fattening or artery-clogging, the world would be a much better place.Until then, this is about as close as you're going to get to the perfect battered haddock and chips north of the border. I only gave it 4 stars because I'm probably the most impatient person in the world, and it did take a while for my order to be ready. But, this is because they were frying it there and then, even the chips, rather than in some places where the stuff sits and sweats in those greasy plastic warming trays.Staying true to my Geordie roots, I have to say that nobody does fish and chips better than the places dotted along the Tyne Fish Quay back home, but for the meantime whilst I'm living in Edinburgh I'll happily use this place as a stand-in alternative.
5	Not a lot to say that hasn't already been said.  Fish here is great, chips are fantastic, the service is friendly and (believe it or not) it doesn't feel like you've bathed in grease when you finish that last crispy, salty bite.  Yes, there's a bit of a wait, but my carton of fresh fried fantasy food was more than worth the time.  The Tailend seems to have found the perfect balance between flavor and texture.  My favorite chippie in Edinburgh thus far...
5	I'd say 10 out of 10, but this is Yelp, so they'll get a well deserved 5. I'd asked a foodie friend who had the best fish and chips and without hesitation he told me the tailend. Since this is one thing that I've not found to be so great in LA, and I am in the UK i figured i should try it out. And I'm glad I did. The place had good light and was cheery. Half the place was a carry out joint, the other half was a sit down restaurant. I got there at 4:25 just in time for the end of the set lunch menu. I opted for the shrimp cocktail, and pensioner's fish and chips (that is one piece of fried fish, not two...and it's just enough.) As everyone else has mentioned the fish is perfect, the chips are perfect and the service is great. One thing that the others have not mentioned is that the tarter sauce is GREAT! and they give you enough for your fish and your chips. They also give you a nice "chippe sauce"; vinegar and brown sauce. If there is one slight area for improvement it would be the peas, but I suppose if they messed with the peas and made them more interesting all their customers who have fond memories of mushy peas would revolt. All in all it's a GREAT place and well worth the visit on your next trip to that part of town.
5	Without doubt the best fish 'n' chips in Edinburgh. In all honesty I must have been to Tailend 20 times over the past year and I have never so much as once been given an excuse to give it anything other than top marks. Whether it's grilled, battered or breaded fish, it's always perfectly cooked and flavour packed...something most chippy's cannot match unfortunately. If you're not a fish lover, they have plenty of other options and also do great kids offerings of fish, chicken, etc.If you love a good FnC and have struggled to find one, look no further.
4	I really like this place (or should that be plaice?) The fish was juicy, fresh and the batter light. We cycled to catch our fish and chips so that we would not feel just so bad when eating them, and the assistant wrapped them beautifully for us so that they would not get cold on the way home. The wrapping itself was a work of art in itself. Going back soon to try the restaurant where we can sit in....
5	I was told by countless people that The Tailend has the best fish & chips in Edinburgh, so i decided to investigate.I'm happy to say that the praise is justified. The food is absolutely delicious, certainly the best fish & chips I've had i a long long time.I had a large Haddock Supper with Curry sauce. the haddock was perfectly cook, nice and crispy and soft inside. the chips were very good and the curry sauce was went with it all perfectly. All in all, a good place for very good fish & chips.
2	Seems like my review will be the contentious one. I'll put my hand up now and admit, I hadn't realised that the fried food was in animal fat until Jenny L came to my rescue, so my original order was consigned to the bin and I was left with grilled haddock with a tomato pesto crust and a replacement side salad. It was laughable. Replace crust with tomato pesto slapped on top of fish and that is more like it. Admittedly, the haddock was cooked very well, otherwise this would be a one star review. The boy was equally disappointed in his meal (greasy) and the service (overenthusiastic waitresses trying to take his plate away while he was still eating, making it clear that it was time for us to leave). Some orders seemed to be confused although overall, it wasn't too big a concern, but rather confusing when the bill arrived. There seemed to be a disproportionate number of bowls of chips (sharing, rather than individual portions) across our large party as well, leaving our side begging others for more. The side salad that I was given in replacement of chips was (drum roll): 2 slices of tomato, a pinch of salad leaves and some sliced onion. This is a salad that rabbits would turn Watership Down over, and I don't mean the good rabbits. All of this cost me 12 quid, as my original order wasn't taken off the bill. That's one expensive fillet of haddock with salad garnish. Will I come back? Frankly, no. There are equal and better fish and chip restaurants where you get a fresh order and don't pay double the price, nor exclude the minority in doing so. I guess it's a reminder that when you talk about gourmet fish and chips, it really is in the eye of the beholder to make that judgement. I left almost as hungry as I came, and won't repeat the experience again.
3	The chips. Oh the chips. Crispy, crunchy, perfectly cooked but with a flavour I hadn't tasted since I was a wee lass getting a poke o' chips with my grandparents in their wee Scottish village. I forgot chips could have a flavour like this at all.And that's because everything here, including the batter, is fried in animal fat.I was aware of this before we came, so purposely ordered the grilled fish rather than battered as I knew I'd pay for my sins after. And I had planned on only eating one or two chips. But with the massive bowl in front of me I did pick away and the flavour was just...dreamy.However, for the vegetarian members of our large party of 13 it wasn't as enjoyable. It was only when I tried the first chip that I remembered they were cooked in fat, the moment I could taste it, and it was just at that  moment that Catriona C's fried dish arrived. Being a pesci but absolute no-no meat eater otherwise she couldn't have anything that had been fried. So had to forgo the chips and reorder a grilled piece of meat. The fact they cook things in animal fat isn't explicitly stated anywhere obvious. I think it's a reason a lot of people rave about their food, and the chips were sooooo good. But for veggies it really would be good to have a notice at least. And I do agree with Catriona that the grilled fish offerings were nice but not quite the same as a fried fish supper. I went with cod, and whilst it was a very ample serving and was completely cooked, it came a little cold and not quite grilled as high as I'd like. The red pepper sauce to go with it was really nice (a side order). The salad was quite measly though. So my idea of eating grilled fish and salad as a healthy meal left me still hungry, hence picking on the chips.It is a traditional Scottish fish and chip shop, and a good quality and higher standard one. If you're visiting Scotland and want to experience 'real Scottish food' and want fish and chips, I'd highly recommend The Tailend over the many, many, many others you'll stumble across on the main streets where they deep-fry burgers, pizzas and mars bars.But for a dine in meal I have to say it wasn't what I would normally choose and I was a little bit underwhelmed. The great company of other yelpers, chat, and the chips did leave me feeling satisfied but my fish was quite forgettable and I thought it would taste more...just more.If I wanted fish n' chips, which is very rare, but If I did I would probably come here. But if I wanted dine-in fish restaurant I wouldn't.Also, veggies be warned!
3	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh. We met some local Yelpers for a nice dinner at a chippie on our first night there.When we arrived, they had a table waiting for all 15 of us. The inside was uncomfortably warm and the place is tiny, so there was no real room to breathe.I ordered the tradtional fish special, battered and the hubby ordered the Fraserbugh langoustines. There was a little bit of confusion when the food arrived--not enough bowls of chips for the number of fish orders. Everything was cleared up and the waitress made sure we had everything we needed.The fish was just perfect and I discovered brown sauce--yum! My side of mushy peas was an unusual side for an American and the chips were pretty good. Overall, it was a lovely time and I nice introduction to Edinburgh.
3	Finally made the trip here last Sunday evening and other than the waitress seeming to be confused as to what a lager was I've no complaints really, just want to go back a second time before raising the stars to 4. The service was good up till the usual point of actually wanting to pay and leave (waitresses had retreated behind the cash desk but you need to pass it on the way out so no drama in paying as you go) and the starters very tasty (good sized portion of whitebait for my companion & excellent salmon with horseradish & oatcakes for myself. A 4th oatcake would have been handy though). We opted for the fish platter for 2 + side of chips and were unable to finish either. The haddock, scallops etc. on the platter were all well cooked (the goujons were particularly tasty) and the chips were just the right side of greasy & a sizeable amount. That 4th star is unlikely to be far away.
5	Best fish and chips I've ever had as well.  The last bite was as crispy as the first bite, and the chips were heavenly.  Small nuggets of crunchy potato bliss, soft and steamy on the inside.  The staff were friendly, and the service as leisurely but attentive.  I'm not sure I'll find better in Edinburgh.  Vegetarians be warned: they fry in lard.  If you're a vegetarian this isn't for you, but then neither is bacon, so I don't know what to tell you.
5	Great food and service. Was there for the lunch service which was a great value. I highly recommend.
5	I am not a Fish & Chips foodie, but I can tell you that after a week of traveling around the UK and eating pretty subpar food, the meal I had a Tailend was fab!I ordered the daily lunch special which was fish & chips with Hake as the fish. It was hot, fresh, tender, crispy and quite enjoyable. The staff is also pleasant and the restaurant is very clean. Much better than anything I ate in London that wasn't a Michelin rated restaurant. Hats off to the Scots!
5	Outstanding chippy! Not the typical soggy bottom haddock and over-cooked chips, everything was made to order. Many times, I douse my fish and chips in vinegar and dip my spuds in ketchup but no need for either at the tail end. Strong flavors as they fry with lard so if you're the health conscious type (why would you be in a chippy anyhow?) probably not your type of place. Awesome spot, the high reviews it has been getting are all well earned!
4	Been looking for this chip shop for ages...My mum went and said its very nice but she could not know exactly where it was on leith walk.Its a bit like a restaurant from outside but its split into two as you enter. chip shop as you go in and restaurant to the right.fish and chips were fab although I fell the fish was a little on the small side compaired to other chip shops in the area.Averall not bad! :)
4	Tailend is owned by the partner in the famous Anstruther Fish Bar in Fife.  They do amazing 'posh' fish and chips too.  It's not exactly white clothe napkin and silver cutlery, just really good battered haddock, chips and mushy peas.  There is a restaurant area adjoining the take-away offer.  The restaurant is modern/basic but clean with views into the kitchen.  Note to management: please change the background elevator music!  Among other things you can order pizza in the restaurant. I tried it once, but seriously don't bother.  The bases are doughy and pizza toppings are bland.  Stick to what you are good at - FISH!  Lets put it this way, if I was to rate Tailend primarily on the pizza, it would have been 2 stars, but their fish 'n' chip suppers are the best I've tasted.  Why bother with pizza when La Favorita are the masters of pizza a block down the road?! The fish are sustainable sourced which leads to a variety of specials like: sole, sea bass and rock turbot.  The everyday menu includes the usual seafood, cod, haddock, calamari, hake and monkfish - all available in a light, crisp batter, breaded, or just grilled.  The chips are big and chunky fried in beef dripping for crunch and a fluffy inside.  Yum!  Oooh I might just go and grab a chippy there tonight!
5	So happy we don't have to drive to Anstruther to get great fish and chips any more! light flaky batter - chips that are crispy on the outside and soft inside - my perfect Fish and Chips. I've taken away and sat in the restaurant - both great. If you go for take away - be prepared to wait.  they fry the fish and chips to order - nothing is sitting around!!
4	What trip to the United Kingdom would be complete without some fish and chips?On an episode of "No Reservations",Anthony Bourdain went to The Mermaid, but after asking some locals, most of them had never heard of it.  Probably not a good sign.I was pointed to The Tailend, not exactly in the city center, as it is located in Leith, but only a 10-15 minute bus ride away.  Despite the location, most of the diners were American, oddly enough.The restaurant is split up into two section: one a take-out place, and the other half a casual sit down restaurant.There was a new waitress working the shift who didn't understand English all that well, so service was sort of slow.  She was super nice and very attentive however.The shrimp appetizer includes four plump shrimp that were deep fried.  The shrimp were succulent and crisp.  Unfortunately, we had ordered the grilled shrimp but didn't make a big deal out of it.  A small side salad was served with the appetizer, however it had seen better days as it was very tired looking, with some very wilted and brown pieces of lettuce.  Very few leaves were crisp.  Even the tomatoes were a little over ripe and did not have much flavor.The Fish and Chips are the reason you are here.  A large piece of fish is lightly battered and perfectly fried.  It is super crisp and not at all greasy.  The meal comes with a small side of garden peas or mushy peas, and a huge mound of chips.  The chips are thick cut, and are crisp on the outside, and smooth and creamy in the middle.The "Chocolate Pudding" is a little misleading, as it is really is a molten chocolate cake.  The cake is moist, but a little dense and heavy with a large river of melting chocolate oozing out of the center.The Sticky Toffee Pudding is a nice large piece of cake, which is a little dense covered with an overly sweet toffee sauce.  The sweetness is reduced by the scoop of ice cream (or whipped cream if you like, I believe) dolloped on top.  It was hard to discern if there were dates or prunes in the cake, but very good nonetheless.  Although this is a rich dessert, it is well worth the calories.If you are in search of some good fish and chipsre in search of some good fish and chips, you can't go wrong with The Tailend.See blog for pics.
5	The battered fish is the best I've had. Nice set down restaurant with good service. The smoked haddock soup is awesome also. Can not miss on this place. Pass up all the other late night take out spots and walk down to The Tailend. You will be glad you did!!
4	Best chippy in Edinburgh?  I'm sure that would generate some debate, but this is a favourite of mine. There are 'standard' haddock and cod available at all times and a board with the daily specials.  Food is cooked to order so there is often a wait, but it's worth it - lovely fresh fish and chips.One note - they offer a haggis and spiced haggis.  I wouldn't bother with the more expensive spiced haggis as it's pretty much indistinguishable from the non-spiced version.
5	Of all my travels through Ireland and Scotland this was my favorite fish and chips place! And I had a lot of fish and chips! The fish is delicious. If you are going to Edinburgh this place is a must! A man on my plane recommended it to me and we walked more than an hour out of our way to get there... Totally worth it!
4	Absolutely great place to eat traditional fish and chips. My friends think it's too tasty and it even becomes some different food( joking). The only disadvantage is the location.
2	Meh. After reading the rave reviews we were expecting something special. Nope. Chips were not crunchy, and the fish was very land, with too much batter.  Think my local fish and chip shop in Melbourne does it better.
