1	Thank God the bf has been limiting me to the number of cupcakes I buy since the start of the new year or else I most likely would have purchased six instead of two Sweet Surrender cupcakes.  Little did I know that all the nasty cupcakes I've eaten in my lifetime had joined forces to create Sweet Surrender cupcakes, probably the worst cupcakes I've eaten.  Ever.Ugh, I expected a lot for a cupcake shop located inside Palazzo.  Found right near the guest elevators, the shop is so small, you'd miss it if you blinked while walking by.  The place also sells (supposedly) hard to find candies and treats, but as a cupcake fiend, one can only guess what I was here for....Between Chocolate Ganache, Lemon Strawberry, Carrot, Strawberry, Coconut, Chocolate Fudge, and Red Velvet, I chose the latter two.  The cupcakes looked prettier than your standard cupcake, but these looks would just turn out to be hopelessly deceiving (no, I didn't have beer googles on).  Again, good thing I had a purchasing limit.  Cost?  Six dollars ($3 each), but, um, not including TAX.  I have never been charged tax on a cupcake.  Whatever, I wasn't about to make a fuss over 49 cents.I didn't get a chance to try these bad boys until 24 hours later, but I don't think this is an excuse for how poor these cupcakes tasted.  The cream cheese on the Red Velvet tasted..spoiled.  I actually spit out my bite.  The Chocolate Fudge cupcake was slightly better - the fudge topping was bearable.  But the cakes of both cupcakes were dry dry dry - like choking on sandpaper.After I tossed the remnants of my cupcakes, J asked me, "That bad, huh?  So you won't ever go back?"  My reply, "Hells no."P.S.  There's also some decadent $750 cupcake on the menu.  Even if I had an abundance of money, I still wouldn't want to try this cupcake after this experience.  Yuck.
5	by far the BEST chocolate ganache and red velvet cupcake i've ever had!  The cupcakes were moist and the icing wasn't tooooo sweet, a perfect combination.  The decoration is ultra cute... this place may be the only reason i would stay at the Palazzo again lol
4	the little sweets shop right by the elevators at the palazzo can catch anyones eye.  or sweet tooth.each cupcake can run about $3 but its convenient!  they are pretty delicious!
3	While taking a break from Tao Beach, one of my girlfriends mentioned "a cupcake place" on property. We ended up walking next door, through the Canal Shoppes to the Palazzo to find Sweet Surrender. It's definitely got lots of eye candy both literally and figuratively.  Different sweets and candies and a small cupcake case featuring their namesake Sweet Surrender cupcake. Of course we tried one of those, a Red Velvet (of course), and a Strawberry. Their RV was good. The icing was cream-cheesey enough. But nothing to write home about.  The Sweet Surrender looked so elegant with it's tiffany blue icing and pearls. But after biting into it, it didn't taste as good as it looked. It was meh. The pearls were interesting as they were crunchy like rice crispies. But the frosting wasn't too thrillling and neither was the cake.I can say I tried it. But it's definitely not going to be a must-stop whenever I return to Sin City.
1	Save your calories, folks, these cupcakes are not worth it. As a self-professed cupcake connoisseur, it's my personal mission to try any cupcake within a reasonable (and sometimes not so reasonable) distance.  This place was not only a waste of my money, but my time and, more importantly, my calories. It was easy enough to find if you self-park at The Palazzo and everything was deceivingly beautiful, but this beauty went only as deep as the whipped buttercream. And when I say whipped, I mean like the nasty whipped stuff you get on cheap cakes at a grocery store.  What a buzz kill! Who buys a $3.25 cupcake (we tried several- suffice it to say they all sucked) only to get a mouthful of dry cupcake topped with WHIPPED icing? The only redeeming quality to their signature Sweet Surrender cupcake was these little chocolate rice balls that looked like pearls on top. They were tasty, but little decorative balls do not a cupcake make. Their red velvet was better, but still nowhere near the quality I've experienced elsewhere (Retro Bakery, Gigi's...). The frosting tasted someone scooped it straight from a container with a dash of sweet. Very dense, very cream cheesy--it would not be my go-to frosting of choice and I am a huge fan of cream cheese frosting!I would not go back to this place, in fact, I would avoid it at all costs.... There are SO many better places in town!
2	I saw this while I was walking around the Palazzo.  Let me just say that this store is only based on Asthetics, other than that the FLAVOR = BLAAAHHHHHH.  The cupcakes looked visually appealing, but I've had better.  I got the red velvet cupcake and the cake was so hard and dry, the creamy topping was to cream cheese like.  There was no "deliciousness" to it what so ever.  If you're going to stop by this shop, refrain from buying.  If you do end up buying, only do so for visual affects.  Cheap cupcakes = What you pay for.
2	What the hell?  At first I was dying to come here since I'm a sweet freak.  Needless to say I was disappointed by the size of the shop but digged the decor.Merchandise in there wasn't bad.  Expected something better. Way better. Really sad how everything was bought to sell there instead of being made fresh.The guy working there didn't know crap about cupcakes or sweet.  I asked him if the cupcakes were made daily and if the frosting was buttercream.  He looked at me like I had two heads.I have to give a point because they were all decorated so cute.  I bought the Sweet Surrender.  Pound cake with vanilla frosting.  Safest bet and it does sound more appealing the the other flavors.  Who in there right mind puts oily fat whipped cream on top of a muffin?! Refund please!Truly disappointed.  The only thing I can find appealing here was the decorations and those lil white crispy balls on top of that cupcake.  BLAND CUPCAKES = NO BUENO
2	I've had my share of cupcakes in my day. Here is what I have to say about Sweet Surrender. Save your money and time. I was excited to get a cupcake and the woman working looked like she wanted to die. Needless to say, not so friendly.The cupcakes are overpriced and not so good. Go to Caked on Maryland Parkway.
4	The name alone had me. After all- surrender is how I feel every time I give in to my sweet tooth and actually buy something to satisfy it. Located on the casino level of the Palazzo hotel- Sweet Surrender has a range of sweet treats to take care of anyone's sweet tooth. On this night- I was "jonesing" for one of the double chocolate cupcakes that I had walked by day after day. I walked in the store and was greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter who quickly corrected me that what I thought was double chocolate was really chocolate ganache- that creamy mixture of chocolate and cream that is unmatched. i forked over my $3.25 for the cupcake, it was wrapped in the cutest little box-just the right size and shape to protect my "investment", given a fork and I was on my way. So later that evening as I savored each bite of my cupcake- I reflected once again upon the name. Surrender perfectly described my feelings as no one can hold out against chocolate ganache!
3	Beautiful cupcakes but they are prettier than they are tasty. Actually thought this spot was godiva at first, very small store and full of gift appropriate packaged chocolate. Save your hard earned money, though. While the cupcakes are adorable and you would imagine that they are good, they just aren't. Their chocolates, on the other hand, aren't half bad. Their chocolate items are great for lil impromptu gifts. The woman who was helping me was so sweet and so friendly. So, i thought that deserved another star. Well, I dont' think that I will purchase any cupcakes from here anytime soon but the friendly service, variety and chocolate offerings . . . well, they got my A-OK rating of three stars.
1	This review is solely based on my Cupcake experience, I did not consume any other goodies in the shop.Cons:1. Service sucks.2. Cupcakes taste like stale white rice with vinegar (they were pretty bad).3. No flavor at all.4. Pricey for qualityPros:1. Decorated beautifully!By far the worst cupcakes I have ever tasted! Don't even bother, you're better off at the slot machine.
2	Cute (and by cute I also mean tiny) store right at the entrance of the guest elevators at The Palazzo.This place would work in a pinch if you were having a sweet craving on the way up to your room, but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this store.Lots of packaged chocolates which make for good gifts, but their cupcakes are not good.  They weren't horrible, but I wouldn't go out of my way to buy them again.  The red velvet was almost tasteless and the cream cheese frosting did not taste like cream cheese frosting.   Not even close.Sorry, SS ...... you didn't make me a fan.
3	I love these cupcakes. I love the designs and the flavors (except the cherry filled ones - I just don't like Cherries). Ugh.. If I could eat the dozen I would :)*update:These cupcakes were purchased Monday around 3:30pm by my boyfriend. So if the manager ever reads this at least you know who was working. My bf ordered 6 cupcakes, he was told two would be fruit filled. (raspberry and strawberry) what we got was one cherry filled and one random mint one that he didn't order. Your worker got the order completely wrong which is odd since the cupcakes are labeled. Also the banana cupcake had such a horrible taste. I felt like it's only been a few months since I last had these and the taste is completely different. I know I gave you a 5 star rating yesterday and yes, for that one cupcake that I had at the moment was worth those 5 stars. But after tasting the rest later that evening, it just got worse and worse. I thought that the one cherry cupcake was the only mistake and it wasn't. I hope you guys fix your cupcakes because I love them.
3	Craving something sweet? Get on in there....otherwise....you can pass. They do have nice stuff, but it's so small and jam packed. Just get in and out.
1	Definitely only deserves one star. The cupcakes seem cute, but they were just super dry. One of the worst I've ever had. Avoid it if you can.
2	A great thing about the cupcakes from Sweet Surrender is that they are BEAUTIFULLY decorated!!!! So tantalizing to look at!!! But that's about it. They weren't very flavorful, and they were pretty dry. . . We're a family of 6, so a dozen cupcakes are usually gone in the blink of an eye.... A lot of these cupcakes managed to survive our whole Vegas vacation, and finally met their demise in a trash can as we were packing to go home ):.
4	I got a complimentary Carvnivale cupcake on a Saturday afternoon. - Sign up for a Grazie card, get a free cupcake :)! 3.50 value - Cute presentation. disc chocolate that says carnivale.- Frosting was delicious. Had 2 kinds, a green colored and some chocolate.- Has a rasberry filling. cool. - This is why I give REALLY like it. They put the individual cupcake in a really fancy box with their sticker on it. BONUS. - Compared to SPRINKLES in SD, you gotta pay for a CRAPPY cardboard-looking BOX. Sprinkles is bull and way way too expensive...
5	OMG! My husband and I had these cupcakes and champagne in our suite @ Palazzo EVERY evening before going out. They were so moist and dense. Our favorite is the chocolate ganache. Can't wait to go back for more of these. And..the service just as sweet!
3	Sweet Surrender is a small candy and cupcake shop located in the Palazzo. The Sweet Surrender cupcake was esthetically pleasing and elegant with the pretty robin egg's blue frosting and vanilla cake, but lacked flavor, most notably in sweetness. The vanilla buttercream frosting tasted bland--there was definitely not enough vanilla or confectioner's sugar. Nice, friendly staff, just not sure how they will be able to sell a $750.00 cupcake if their normal cupcakes are nowhere near mind blowing.I don't really understand why a shop like this would sell mass produced brands such as Jelly Belly and Godiva. Thankfully, they also carry other fine chocolate brands such as Marich's, Lake Champlain, Helen Grace, John Kelly, Hammonds, etc. I bought Marich's white chocolate coconut curry cashews and my husband and I devoured them in minutes! The cashews were uniquely delicious and the perfect combination of sweet, salty, and savory!
1	Update....took friends there to get cupcakes for champagne in our suite @ Palazzo. So embarrassed! After telling our friend how scrumptious they are, the cupcakes were so dry we couldn't eat them. Threw them out. So disappointed.
4	I actually really like this place.We've been several times while in Vegas and though they are pretty they also taste really good without being sickeningly sweet.I read another review that said it just wasn't sweet enough. OK.... Its more on a french scale I guess where its understated and pretty rather than cloyingly sweet.They are beautiful and I even brought some home as a treat for my daughter. I'm going to be back in Vegas in January and since the convention I go to is at the Sands Convention center we park beneath The Palazzo and walk right by this shop day after day. Its a worthy pay off for the heck of a walk the convention creates.
