5	Being single and head strong, I frequent florists often... there's a lot of making up to do! The past few years I have opted for convenience and ordered from the usual suspects, Proflowers and others. But there is something to be said about a mom and pop shop. As I walked in, I noticed the owners, Steve and Tammy enjoying an afternoon ice cream cone. It almost felt like I walked into a relatives livingroom. That same down to earth feel and charm is present in their arrangements! I ordered a beautiful mixed flower arrangement in a glass vase (that I didn't have to pay extra for Proflowers!) The arrangement and delivery totalled $50.00, much less than the online flower vendors with all the add-ons! The service was fast and courteous, I will use them again and would recommend them to anyone! If you can take the time out of your day to visit The Matthews Flower Boutique, trust me, you won't be disappointed! Tell Steve and Tammy hello for me, and if this make up attempt doesn't work.....I might see you in there! Lol
5	My Mom was disappointed last year with the flowers she bought through Telaflora (?). We vowed to use only local florists and so when my mother-in-law passed away recently I looked for the help of Yelp and found The Flower Boutique. Simply put, "These nice people took good care if us. They made a beautiful arrangement for my wife for a fair price. They made it easy for us to get what we wanted." That's really all we are looking for. Too bad so much of the rest of the world doesn't get that. Thank you Steve and Tammy!
1	Incredibly Rude, rude, rude!! The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced! I believe in supporting local businesses but will definitely look elsewhere for a florist.
5	I am a Believee! I placed my second order this week, a surprise for my wife's birthday. The arrangement was stunning and made the day even more special. I appreciate the extraordinary customer service, the value for my dollar and the creativity in design. Thank you!
5	I have written a previous review based just on the customer service in helping me with  choices for my wedding. I was pleased but now that my wedding is over, I wanted to write about the flowers for my wedding. Tammy did a superb job with my bouquet. It was stunning!  I had several special request regarding the bouquet and she made it all happen.  All of the brides maid flowers and groomsmen were gorgeous as well. They delivered on time, were very sweet , professional and took a personal interest in our wedding. I had gone to some of the "big boys" in town to price my wedding, and then met with Tammy . I felt like I was meeting with a friend and her prices were very much in line with our budget. You will not be disappointed if you choose them !
