4	The Clean Spin is a pretty neato laundromat as far as laundromats go. I'm only bothered by one semi attractive college guy who's strictly being friendly and I'm writing this review on my free wifi. The rates for washes are pretty standard. $1.75 for the small guys and $4.75 for the "huge wash" that may be able to fit a good 10 or 12 infants inside. Aka, I can almost fit my 3 weeks worth of procrastinated darks and jeans. 25 cent dryers which is good in my opinion as well. Seeing as I'm here at 8pm, there are no attendants and the dry cleaning window is closed. Buuut it's open 24 hours and I'm happy to be left alone and not feel creeped out or like I'm in the ghetto wash. 4 stars, yay!
5	Went and washed all my comforters tonight whew. The Clean Spin was empty when I pulled up and their facebook says they are only open till midnight so i was thinking i might be out of luck,  Considering it was at the end of the work day the place for all general purposes was very clean. I used both the super huge washers for 4.75 each and they both worked great. I used 3 separate dryers at .25 for 5 mins all of them got good and hot and i dried a thick comforter with .75 cents. There were 2 change machines, a snack machine a soda machine a racing arcade game, soap vending machine and a very nice tv that was on and working nicely.My only complaints were it was a tad warm in there no fans for the season but i just hung out outside in my truck. AND the damn bathroom was locked thank god i wasn't doing the peepee dance.  I can understand for obvious reasons maybe it is locked after a certain time.all in all this place rawked and i will definitely be back
4	Its always clean,not modern,but works like home,open 24 hours,which helps alot for doing the barber towels after a late night so I can sleep in more.got the old world rally race arcade game and free wifi.so that rules,stay classy yelpers
1	Extremely dirty when I went. Lots of clothes just lying around. Washers seemed like a good deal until I pulled them out...I almost had to wash them again. The dryers are big, but they didn't seem to dry very quickly. 5 cents a min. If you live close, take the extra drive to Eco Laundromat on Rural & Broadway...so much better.
5	Absolutely amazing laundromat. 15lb of laundry washed, dried and folded for $15 in under 2hrs.As a business traveller that spends weeks away at a time, I always like to find a quality full service laundromat to support where I am staying.By far the best service I have ever experienced. Forget all other laundromats and get your but down to The Clean Spin, they even have free wifi. What more could you ask for?
4	After fleeing for our lives from another 24 hour laundromat nearby, we were thankful to find this other 24 hour laundromat to dry our clothes. We took our wet clothes and ran from the other place. Pretty quiet only one other person doing laundry and some guy who was sleeping hidden by the washers against the wall. (he never bothered us)A little messy with some clothes left behind and some dryer sheets on the floor but again the staff is only here until 2pm so I guess it's up to the public to clean up after themselves, imagine that. Big flat screen tv, games, vending machine full of "good" junk food, and College Times to tide you over. There is also free wifi and places to sit with tables so you can bring your laptop. No experience with the wash and fold service since we came after 11pm but the dryers worked great. My new 24 hour laundromat.
4	A decent little laundromat.  Free wi-fi makes it a tad bit better.
3	Meets requirements. All of the equipment worked. No attendant on duty during my visit but none was needed. Clothes cleaned as expected.
4	I came in on a Sunday to do a week's worth of laundry and was very pleased with the facilities. It's not a huge place, so I can see that on a busy day it would be very difficult to do a week's worth of laundry. Luckily, I came in when there were only a few people there. It was nothing for me to secure the three washing machines I needed for all of my laundry. The machines are clean, which is a HUGE plus because sometimes that's not always the case. I also want to point out that I had some delicate items that came out perfectly intact. The washers do not tear up your clothes. The dryers are very big and I was able to get all three washer loads into two dryers and have everything dried in about 25 mins. All together I only spent about an hour for a week's worth of laundry and spent only about $8 bucks -- very fair prices for laundry.This place is also open 24 hours and the area in which it is located is also nice and clean -- not scary.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for somewhere local to do their laundry. They also have a t.v. if you want to watch something (and no one minds you turning the channel), as well as free wifi, vending machines and a couple arcade games. This place is in a nice plaza with a few eateries in case you get hungry while doing laundry.
4	This is still a good place to get your laundry done late, which is the only time we can do our laundry. Searches will usually turn up empty for a 24 hour laundromat. Of course there are no employees late at night, and the bathroom is locked. I assume this is due to the number of homeless people that frequent this laundromat to watch the tv, sleep, and use the restroom. Most of them are harmless and I usually give them a buck or two, but you have to make sure you really are aware of who is around you. One time we came here and I was folding my laundry, a guy comes in from the back entrance and starts to mess around with the laundry sink. I look over and he looks kind of sinister, but I didn't want to stare. Then he starts cleaning a razor sharp knife out of nowhere with a cloth! There were others doing laundry too and we all kind of looked at each other not knowing what to think. It was definitely one of those Uhhhhh....moments. I didn't know whether to bust out laughing or run in terror. A good place to catch characters and get your clothes clean for sure.p.s. we left some clothes here by accident and the employees found them, folded them, and held them for us in one of their laundry bags (they do laundry services too). So the employees totally rock!
