4	Newly opened in Haymarket Terrace, Pippin offers sweet gifts, little treats and quirky things that you want to take home rather than give to friends!The shop is relatively small, but still full of lovely things to ogle, touch, and drool over.  With a selection of jewellry (I think most of it is locally crafted), beautiful china, scented candles, ornate and quirky clocks, lovely - lovely! - wrapping papers, and a range of other very sweet and/or stylish Desirable Things!The service was also very good - polite but friendly, informative and helpful.  I'm not sure if she was the owner or a staff member but she told me about the Christmas event on 1st December, with all of the shops along Haymarket Terrace getting involved, and offered to gift wrap my purchases.  And if she's going to mulled wine and mince pies, I think a little visit to finish off that Christmas shopping will be how I'm spending Thursday evening!
5	Great little place full of interesting gift ideas. The staff are really quick to suggest great ideas too!!!
2	Love the stock but the staffs attitudes are poor. This hasn't stopped me from returning though!
4	The cute, the kitsch, the quirky; that which induces the 'awww!' - I love it all. So it's no surprise that I fell head over heels for Pippin, as it embodies all of the above.When in search of a gift in Edinburgh before heading home, the oh-so-cute Pippin sign caught my eye. I headed over to the sweetest of shops with the sweetest of stock. Although there are some baby clothes in the window display and more inside, this is a relatively small part of the store and its offerings. There are plenty of lovely candles, brooches and cards to browse from a variety of different designers. Just the sort of things you'd find on etsy, which is totally up my alley.The gift was for a candle-loving friend headed to Aus so I decided that, naturally, a nice candle would be just perfect. - They had quite the selection! One range slightly cheaper and the other a little more expensive as to suit all budgets which is great. I sniffed and I sniffed till I found just the one. Would I like it gift-wrapped? 'Oh, yes, please!' So my gift looked suitably pretty in its blue wrapping paper. And at no extra cost. What a nice touch!What could make me fall even more in love with Pippin? 'Pippin supports British designers and companies, providing our customers with high quality hand picked products.' To me, that's super cute!
