4	We arrived at 11am on a Saturday and were seated within 15 minutes at this small, cheerful all day brunch place - minutes we spent outside on a bench in the sun watching the slow fluttery early fall leaves and passers-by on Beaubien (I'd make sure to get here earlier if coming on a weekend in the winter: that lovely wait won't be fun outside in -30 degrees.) The staff who seated and served us at Le Vieux Velo were all chill and nice, they flipped back and forth easily and constantly between French and English, took our orders right away, and kept our coffee mugs full of truly remarkably good brew. We were served our food about 20 minutes after we were seated. The La Florentine Benedict had perfectly poached eggs on a toasted English muffin, tasty spinach, ham and potatoes and a light chipotle hollandaise that I expected to be spicier but ended up loving. The plates had a few slices of plump sweet plum tomatoes, lightly salt and peppered, instead of fruit. The basic eggs and bacon, according to my succinct companion, were good. The meals were a respectable 9 and 7 dollars.The restaurant is laid out across two small adjoining rooms, one with exposed brick, the other painted a greeny yellow that made the space feel slightly darker and queasier than a brighter colour might, in my opinion. Maybe this was just my woozy weekend eyeballs talking though; I will definitely be a regular here, regardless of paint colours because the food was really perfect and the people were nice. That's all I need from the world on a Saturday in my neighborhood.
4	I'm a big fan of this breakfast joint. Great basic bacon and eggs breakfast (bacon and sausage are from the butcher across the street, but I'm not a raving about their quality - just alright) BUT, I dream about their BAB eggs benedict. Its a combo of brie, avocado and bacon with 2 perfectly poached eggs. I haven't had one better. Sweet service and cute decor. One of my faves.
4	I must preface this that I have never had eggs benny before. I know, right?! I love brunching, but for some reason never thought to have it. I always assumed I would hate the heaviness of Hollandaise sauce. It's also totally outside my taste palate and Eastern European up bringing. Well, this was the place to go to try it for the first time: HELLO EGGS BENNY! I think I know why people love you. My friend who brought me has had them many times, and has lived in England, etc etc, said they were delicious too.I'm gluten free and our polite waiter said that even though they come on an English muffin they make potato pancakes that they can sit the eggs on top of. Perfect! The poached egg was the right consistency, the smoked salmon wasn't stale tasting, the cream cheese texture and flavour was just right.The potatoes on the side were crispy on the outside and warm and mushy on the inside. The few slices of tomato was also a perfect addition, and they didn't taste like water (and it's early Feb!) like most resto tomatoes do, especially in the winter.The green tea was weak but at least it had free refills.The staff was nice and attentive, and after weekend brunch rush settled, we were able to do work on our laptops using their free wifi.I am going back, for sure! It's also a quick 7-8 minute walk from Baubien metro.
5	Friendly, calm & delicious. Great hollandaise sauce & perfect poached eggs for 6 types of Eggs Benny. French toast was served with a sprinkling of granola. Bright, airy space, crowded on a Saturday morning, but we got in without waiting and the folks who came after us looked happy waiting on the sidewalk. Service was attentive without being pushy or hovering.
5	Seriously, best eggs benedict EVER! I did a week-long roadtrip from Boston to Montreal, and this place ruined eggs benedict for me for the rest of the trip. It was that good.They took my favorite brunch food to another level with six different versions of the classic E.B. I had the one with avocado, brie, and bacon. The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was no joke, the best I have ever tasted. Plus, a good cappuccino and cute atmosphere. Totally would come here all the time if I lived in Montreal.
5	Agree that these are some of the best eggs benedict ever in the whole world. Great service, lovely atmosphere, and wonderful food. Our server was so kind and attentive, and even very thoughtful of our 2-year old son. Please go here. It is a great place!
5	The greatest eggs Benedict, no matter which one you order!  There's several choices between different benedicts plates depending on your preferences.  The potatoes were crispy and completely yummy!
5	4 words : bacon avocado brie YUM!
5	Love it!! Delicious brunch!
5	Incredible eggs benedict (get the B.A.B).  Go early - gets super busy after 9am.Yep, just like everyone said... incredible eggs benedict.  Probably the best I've ever had. The Brie Avocado Bacon was incredible - perfectly poached eggs atop crispy english muffins and smothered with a rich, buttery hollandaise.  My gf had the one with pesto hollandaise, which was nearly as good. The place was packed on a sunday morning, as to be expected... and the service was as to be expected in a busy brunch place.
4	Nice little breakfast place.  Food is good and made with love.The service is friendly and prompt.The place is small and hipster as hell but its pretty much the best breakfast place in the area.
5	If you like eggs benedict, this place is like Mecca. Went here on a Saturday morning and it does get pretty packed. We got there relatively early and we still were only able to get seating at the counter. And by the time we left there was a sizable crowd waiting outside in the cold. I had the B.A.B because I'm a sucker for bacon and brie. Finding the two of them together on a Saturday morning is like having God smile and wink at you from the heavens. But they have more eggs benedict options than I've ever seen on a menu together and some of the other ones were almost as tempting. While we waited for our food, we had lattes. And I don't know what kind of magical beans these guys use, but this was the best latte I've ever had. Got a cup and regretted not getting a larger size, even though they would have had to roll me out of there. Now onto the main event, the eggs benedict. They came with deliciously seasoned potatoes and tomato. For all my anticipation and high expectations, these eggs were seriously so much better than I could have dreamed. I cannot even. I seriously considered going out of our way the next morning to go back and eat there again but sadly we didn't. If I don't get to go back to Montreal in this lifetime, I will die regretting that.
5	This is the ultimate in a contemporary diner. It's the kind of place you want to go and spend your morning. The coffee is quite delicious (no more weak diner coffee!) and the atmosphere is awesome with lots of painted reclaimed school chairs and old school pyrex mugs. The food is delicious, carefully presented, and the perfect amount. The toast is exquisite. I wish there was a place like this where I live... I would go here all the time.
4	Very cheap brunch in a simple environment, and but the food is good and impeccable service.
4	The food is fresh and delicious.  The portions are just right.  They have many eggs benny options, and all came with roasted potatoes and fresh tomato.  The coffee was good and the service was great.  Everyone was really friendly to us and gave us great advice on what to do on a weekend in Montreal.  If you're in this neighborhood, definitely go here!
5	This place rocks. Its less than a block from my place (dAnGeRoUS!) and I have been many many times. Great eggs benedict of course. I often switch the potatoes for salad (I prefer a lighter meal, unless I'm hungover, in which case bring on the potatoes!), and they have always been super chill about it. Good coffee! I always go here when I have guests in town. The longest I've waited was maybe 20 minutes at the height of brunch time on a Sunday (I think it was noon or 1pm). It's always packed (I've walked by on a Tuesday at 11am and the place was still at least half full), and sure as hell beats many places in the Mile End in terms of quality, price, and service. Plus great artwork on the walls. If you are in Rosemont/Little Italy, and want some eggs, go here for breakfast. You will not be disappointed.
4	Nice, no-frills but cute place that's a great option for weekday brunch. We came late on a Monday afternoon, I think, and there was only one other table taken. I wouldn't say it was the *best* eggs benny I've ever had, but it was very good, and the number of variations they have on the classic is great. There were a few vegetarian options, which is nice. I got the eggs florentine (sans jambon) and my boyfriend got the vege-pesto -- pesto mixed into the hollandaise, over sauteed veggies (peppers? squash? I forget.) It was amazing. My florentine was good, but not amazing. The home fries were the main area that needed improvement -- they were just not very compelling. Coffee was acceptable. Service was friendly and quick. Art on the walls was excellent!
4	Hands down the best Eggs Benedict I've had in Montreal. Skeptically ordered the BAB. At first I was like: "Lemon in the bechamel?" But after my first bite, it was all: "Lemon in the bechamel!" Seriously, you'd think it wouldn't make a huge difference, but oh my god, Yelp Reader... oh my god. And did I mention that it's really well priced? Most expensive Benedict was maybe $9.50, which is a steal in Montreal. Anywho, it's amazing. You should probably go there.
5	This place is DANGEROUSLY AWESOME! The best Eggs Benedict in town, the real Benedict sauce and not the crappy fake one often restaurant serve you. The BAB is my best (bacon, avocado, brie), but the smoked salmon or the pesto taste as good. And.... not expensive at all, it can go up to $9.50 which is a pretty good price for Montreal. And the coffee is also very good, very tasty :)It's a small and cozy place, no reservation so you might wait a little but it's worth it!!!!
4	Found this restaurant on Yelp while visiting Montreal.   Liked what I saw as menu options.   Three of use went and ordered different items and thoroughly enjoyed our brunch, my favorite was the eggs benedict (forgot the actual name on the menu though).    Was very pleased with the service and atmosphere of the restaurant as well.  In addition to this it is in a nice neighborhood with many shops so had a good time walking around after brunch.   Easy to get to if traveling without a car by metro and bus.
4	What a cute little spot. The locals seem to be lapping this place up. It is among a small number of trendy cafes on the block, and so it was overflowing during the lunch hour. That said, this makes it a less-than-ideal place for spending languid time on your computer, unless you come post lunch rush.  The salads were a bit simple, which is fine if that's what you feel like. The breakfasts were pretty big, but looked amazing. I think this will be my go-to for my next hangover brunch.
5	Awesome breakfast place. Do not let the small menu choice and old wooden chairs scare you away. The food was prepared perfectly and was simply scrumptious. Unlike other breakfast places, their regular coffee met up to my standards..
4	Vintage hipster joint that closes too early for this night owlThe food is pretty good, have not had the lunch options yet.It is tiny and noisy, but cute as a button.I could be wrong, but coffee is not included with the breakfast dishes, a big no-no in my book.
4	Le Vieux Velo seriously nailed every expectation I had. On both occasions I had gone, it was a busy Sunday brunch hour, and of course a little bit of a wait was to be expected. However, that never lasted more than 20-30 minutes. To make that wait pleasant, they send you to Cafe Odessa just next door, where you can order a coffee or tea and keep warm until someone from Le Vieux Velo comes to get you when your table is ready. It's a pretty genius idea actually, and the collaboration between the two establishments most definitely assists in each of their sales.Once you're in and seated, you'll notice it's a little bit cramped up, but they make due with what they have. The menu is fairly simple to make your way through. As soon as I saw their eggs benedict, it was a no brainer that that's what I was going to order. I stand by the notion that if I can make something equally as good at home, I won't order it at a restaurant. So I'll always go for what I'm incapable of making myself! The B.A.B. had my name all over it, I already knew this before I even got in. It was mind blowingly phenomenal and tasteful. Until today, I'm still raving about it, and I will definitely be back for more.
4	I am continuing my running series on brunch, which I've recently embraced, with fork and knife! I reallllly liked this place! That really nice combo of good prices + great atmosphere. I had the eggs benny with smoked salmon and it made my heart sing. All the plates were well-sized and the wait staff were v pleasant :). We went on that first Saturday on the year when one might actually freeze their balls off. The waiter suggested us to have a coffee at the cafe next door until our table was ready (about 30-40 min wait at 11am). Take them up on this suggestion!! - I think that is prob a win win (win), for you, your appendages, and the cafe next door, especially in the coming season!
4	Bel endroit pour un brunch. Bonnes assiettes, belles portions.Hipster mais on aime !!;)
4	The place has a hipster feeling too it... We had the BAB with a side of sausage... the food was very good. However, the latte was AMAZING... I was surprised... did not expect it to be one of the best in the city. Staff is nice. Quality is good... good job! (will be back for those amazing potatoes too)
4	We went to this place for brunch because of the excellent reviews on yelp. The Benedict tasted good but not as good as I expected. The BAB one was very special, try it! And good price, and good service. The bus boy advised me that we could order half of a plate when I tried to order French toast and the salmon Benedict. Price was good also.
5	Best Benedict I've ever had and I'm usually a scramble eggs usually!
5	Best Benedict! Go for bab!
5	Holy cow!  Best eggs benedict ive ever had in my life!We ordered the B.A.B. (Bacon avocado brie) as well as the spinach and ham eggs benedict.  Both were perfect made and the portions were just right.Best meal i have had so far in montreal!  Two thumbs up!
5	I ordered the BAB Benny - Brie, avocado, bacon. Genius. Perfect hollandaise and potatoes too. My boyfriend ordered the French toast, which he described as just the right amount of sweet with a nice combination of fruit. Service was fast, attentive. Would go again and get that BAB. Uh, so tasty.
5	This place fucking rocks. Friendly service, good coffee, and everything I've has to eat has been great (yeah, OK, sometimes the potatoes are kinda tough). Great Benedictines, French toast, fruit, it's all wicked.Additionally, their bathrooms are very clean. I'm often hungover as fuck when I'm here (but not today!) and one day it was a close thing that I even made it in (good thing it was unoccupied). I had a close view of the can for a few minutes and it was spotless.
4	When I visited Montreal a friend took us out to this place for brunch one day. It was quiet with no wait, but we were there on a weekday around 9:30am. The decor and tables are basic, nothing fancy, but comfortable. There is a straight forward menu with lots of variations on brunch classics like eggs benedict. I went with the BAB (bacon, avocado and brie) eggs benedict. It was very good, but lacked seasoning which was easy to fix with some salt and pepper. The hollandaise sauce was perfect which makes or breaks a dish like this. The potatoes were the right mix of crispy outside and soft inside. My coffee was nothing special, and very strong, but they have fancy coffees as well. Overall, I'd go back a again. Simple, well executed fresh food. The service was good and fast and the price was very reasonable.
5	A very simple diner type breakfast joint with great food. Walked right in on a Saturday morning and were seated right away. Their menu features a variety of delicious Eggs Benedict dishes. Staff were super friendly and our meal was very affordable. I highly recommend checking it out.
4	I love Le Vieux Velo. I've never had anything else there than the eggs Benedict cause they are pretty much perfect, mostly for the price. The eggs are poached well, with a right amount of hollandaise sauce, which is homemade and super yummy. The coffee is good as well, but if you feel wild, I suggest you to go for the limonade. However, depending on what time you show up, you might have to wait to get a table, which is worth it. The staff is also very sweet. It would be cool if the place had air conditioning, though.
4	nice coffee and a delicious brunch with eggs and lots of fruit!. will be back
5	Outstanding Breakfast. Eggs Benedict is there specialty. I had le BAB. Bacon, Avocado and Brie. My parter had le Florentine.  Both were amazing. Service was excellent, waters and coffees refill without asking. Small detail. They are not licensed to sell alcohol so no ceasers with breakfast for you!  Highly Recommend
4	Went with a couple friends to have a brunch. We arrived and had to wait, but it really didn't take longer than 15min. So quick! Food is delicious, everyone was satisfied!!! Drinks took a bit longer to come but it was a sunday morning, so it's kinda crowded! But we didn't even notice, because the staff was soo friendly!!! Loved it! Would sure recommend it!! And I rated it 4 stars only because I wish the tables were a bit bigger, considering plates are very well served, but I understand it's part of the "homely minimalist" atmosphere they have there! OH, that BAB!!!
4	Perfect simple breakfast. I had the classic eggs Benedict with home fries. The hollandaise was excellent, the ham was thick cut and tasty. The poached eggs were near perfect - slightly over done. Friendly staff and casual diner atmosphere with a French Canadian edge.
1	Worst egg benedict I've eaten. 1-star for the atmosphere and because it's next to Odessa (at least you can drink a decent cup of coffee after)I order L'atlantique. Quarter of the salmon was brown, so it's been sitting out for some time. The worst part: benedict sauce. It was very diluted and not tasty at all. Why would I pay 10 bucks for something that I doesn't even taste closely good a proper benedict. Also they serve (regular, not sweet) potatoes which taste weirdly sweet. Not going back again. If you're around Beaubien and want a decent breakfast, take 10 mins and walk up north and go to le Pick-Up. You're welcome.
3	Ok coffee, retro mug and the benedicts were good, but the potatoes were banal. Staff was cool, service was on point and the window needs some cleaning.
