5	i just got an ad in the mail from this store and it made me think - most of my reviews are restaurant / food / booze places ... yet i do other things in vegas ...sadly...one of them is the dreaded shopping with my girlfriend ...as with most guys, my standard of a decent store ( as in women's apparel store ) comfortable seating and hot babes shopping in the store.  I'm always encouraging my girl to shop at bebe ( i try not to be too obvious and suggest oh ...let's see...victoria secret ....in fact , we've never shopped there ) but bebe's "comfort seating" is non-existent !!  Tahari's couches are too comfortable....you sink into the couch and 30 seconds later....i'm waking myself up from the loud noise...of my own snoring !!  ( you know what i mean - you first look around - a combination of not being sure  if you  were the one snoring and/or did anyone hear you....EVERYONE HEARD YOU ....DUMBSHIT  !! ) anyways, i digress....2 x-mas' ago my girl was looking for a nice leather jacket - found one at Tahari....40% off...but not her size...she was trying to figure out if she could taked a large jacket and have it tailored to a medium size....geez...women ( i'm sitting there in my nike sweatshirt, old navy jeans and flip-flops...yeah...i blend !  oh yeah...and we're looking at a jacket that cost more then all my clothes in my closet ) " oh honey....bummer...maybe next year....."  the sales person says, " wait...let me see if we have a medium at another store. " with my best poker face..." could you ???  please ?!?! " they didn't  have it....darn !!fast forward ( or is it still reverse ) to december 2007  same store...similar issue...hell...i even snored after 30 seconds...again...this time though, i awoke to  a hottie asking for my opinion on some jeans she tried on....thank god she asked my girlfriend too and my girl  suggested that i provide some input ....  anyways...my girl finds a leather jacket...in her size...oh great !!!  and to pour a little salt in the wound....on the only rack that isn't marked down....Lord your laughing at me right now ...aren't you ?!?!  and ...she likes the jeans that the hottie tried on...she finds her size...at least they were 50% off...so while my girl is trying on the jeans, i casually ask the salesperson..."the jacket...it was on the wrong rack...yes ?....it should be 50% off "  she laughed...sorry...  at this point, i didn't look at the price tag...afraid to....i try to be cool...casual....can't find the f**kin' price tag...son of a ...oh...here it is....$1,200 !!!!  are you shittin' me !! i don't know if it was because of my hands shaking as i held that jacket, the tear in my eye...not sure...but the salesperson said, " you know, that jacket is suposed to go on sale sometime next week - let me see what can do ."  she took the jacket, went to the counter, called someone ...i look up...still laughing up there ?!?! she put the phone down...slowly walked over....stopped because someone had a question ...i'm screaming inside - get your lil euro booty over here !!  she final comes over...."50% off " ....YEAH BABY !!!! so i buy both the pants and the jacket.what really made it funny for me, as we left the store, my girlfriend commented on how they gave us such a large bag for just a pair of jeans...she didn't notice that i bought the jacket !!  i looked at her, i said " look in the bag ,"  she did - she was so shocked that the jacket was in there ! ( see - she knows what a cheap bastard i am !! )i gotta admit - the jacket does look great on her
5	This has to be one of my favorite outlet stores. Not only is it hard to find a Tahari outlet but it's also difficult to EVER find a great Tahari buy.  I loved this store. I swear it was like there was a going out of business sale going on or something. Most items were at least 30-40% off. Well, if not, it sure seemed like it. I love the customer service. It was like having a personal shopper or something. I received so much attention. I was amazed that they had enough time to spend so much on me like that. I really enjoyed shopping their selection of shoes. They weren't all last season's items and they weren't all fall shoes. Some of them were spring and summer looks. Accessories were decently priced and the pants and dressy tops were very reasonably priced. I can't complain. I loved what I found and I hated what wasn't sitting around in my size. I'm for sure coming back in August.
4	Very good outlet store.  I got a great black pant suit.  They had a lot of sizes available.  The store clerk was very helpful and friendly.
5	Tahari has beautiful clothes, but to buy them at a discount? EVEN BETTER!! They have EXCELLENT customer service and coupons in the booklet from guest relations. These ladies hooked my mom up with a BEAUTIFUL shift dress and it was $150!! AMAZING!! Def will be swinging in here time and time whenever my wardrobe needs an update!
5	You all know me and my shopping addiction, shoes, earrings, clothing, you name it and I shop it.  One of my big finds was the Elie Tahari Outlet, who knew they even had an Outlet.  Bonus for me!The most beautiful clothes in the world live here.  Gorgeous dresses, silk blouses, leather jackets, shoes, and so many other pieces.  The ladies working here are super helpful and once you pick a piece they'll start a dressing room and then bring you pieces they think you'll like.  I love it when the clothes just come to me.  With quality comes price and these clothes definitely error on the pricey side of things.  To help us all out this is an Outlet and makes the clothes that much more affordable.  Still a little out of my price range but my Mom ended up buying quite a few drop dead beautiful dresses.  My new wardrobe which will come eventually will consist of a lot of Tahari pieces.  Sleek and classic sexy from head to toe.  What woman doesn't want to look like that?
5	I went in because the one at home had just opened and wasn't fully stocked in the upper size range yet. I wanted to find something stylish, yet classic enough for interviews now that I am finishing my Master's and this store did not disappoint. The piece I liked best was on their final sales rack marked way down, and the cashier knocked another $15 off the supposedly final price at ring out. It was a bargain for such well made, fully lined, and  fabric types involved. I am looking forward to visiting this store far more often.
