4	Dr. Bettencourt is a great listener. She's attentive and thorough. Bettencourt quickly identified and resolved problems that had bothered me for years after several other dermatologists had prescribed medicines that aggravated my issues.I've never left her office without a sample. I like this because I can test different products without making an investment.I can always get in quick for an appointment too, within a day or two of calling. During the appointment, she takes the time to answer my questions and explain medicine in ways I can understand.Her waiting room is small and I usually have to sit there for a while. I attribute the wait time to the fact that Bettencourt listens to her patients and explains diagnosis. Course, scheduling should account for that, but it doesn't. I'm like that too--always think I can cram in a bunch of stuff into a short amount of time.
1	My initial visit was good.  The follow-up visit was awkward, intimidating, and not professional.I asked about the removal of a skin blemish.  The doctor told me it would cost $150 cash since it was not malignant.  I declined.An intern? (Never asked if I would mind her attendance nor introduced) was present as well as my Husband.  The doctor berated me, "You will not spend $150 on your skin, it is as much as the cost of coloring your hair!  I told her my color was natural!  She continued bring up alternative purchase choices! I was embarrassed.  I will not go back after the humiliation.
3	Very competent physician but regularly overbooks appointments and wait times of 30 minutes to 60 minutes not unusual.
1	Had both an appointment and follow-up appointment with Dr. Bettencourt about six months ago. She presented as professional, however I was put off by the lengthy wait time.Fast forward to my appointment yesterday (one she suggested I schedule just to look at my skin to ensure no new moles had developed or worsened), and I was dismayed to not be taken to a room until 45 minutes after my appointment time. I was asked to take my clothes off by the medical assistant, and once she left the room I did. Looking around, there was no tissue paper or any sort of covering on the examination chair, which is incredibly unsanitary, so I chose to stand. About 10 minutes later, the physician's assistant came in. Short, abrupt, and confused as to why I was standing, she quickly looked over my body and started to touch my face-- bare handed, no gloves, and she did NOT wash her hands when she came into my examination room. GROSS!She then proceeded to try to write me two prescriptions, one for a couple pimples on my back and face and one for a teeny patch of not smooth skin (?) on my forehead. I declined, as I was taken aback that she was offering meds when I never even voiced a concern.Finally, she told me that I should have a very small mole on my thigh removed, even though I am pregnant. To my knowledge, skin trauma should be avoided during pregnancy, and I found it odd she didn't even recognize this. When I declined this as well, she asked 'WHY?', and basically brow beat me into getting it done. I honestly should have just walked out.Overall, it was a terrible, unprofessional experience and I have no plans of returning.
1	Just received a threatening message that was obviously from this provider or someone close to this provider. Thanks for addressing the issue! Oh, wait.
1	The physician assistant is very rude and condescending. She gets a big fat zilch for people skills. Will not go back if I have to communicate with her on any level. When I told her that I wanted to first research my options for removing pre cancerous cells on my face, she was very rude. She asked me to return for followup in 3 months. I noted that I would have my decision regarding treatment then, then she snidely remarked. "I hope so, you should have time to write a thesis by then " Maybe she is trying to be funny but it comes across as being quite rude. Dr. Bettencourt is okay. Does not really have time for questions. Will likely look for another dermatologist. I do not recommend this Dr. office. And yes the wait time can be quite long. Maybe that is why they turn out the  lights in the waiting room, to allow you to take a long nap while waiting and waiting...
4	I made the appointment before I read any reviews, so after reading them I was quite nervous for the appointment.  However, we were treated very nicely so I felt like I should write a review. I called Friday afternoon and was able to get an appointment for Monday. Was very happy about that. Once we got there, it only took an hour and 15 minutes from the time I checked in, filled out new patient paperwork, got called back and received an exam and was out the door.  We have had years of specialists and an hour and 15 minutes is really actually pretty quick for a specialist.  Most importantly the staff and doctor were very compassionate (especially since they were dealing with an 11 year old) and really made her feel at ease and comfortable. I am very happy that I kept the appointment and am hopefully that this treatment works on a condition we have been dealing with since Feb, especially since three other physicians struggled with the condition.
1	Not surprised to see the other reviews after my wife's experience at this office. The doctor who practices here Tuyet Nguyen is such a noob and worst is that she has an attitude and does not want you to ask questions. She talked my wife into cutting off a mole she was born with from her calf (more like a birthmark). The way she cut it has left a penny sized bullet hole looking scar. She should not be practicing. Using words such as pre-cancerous to scare my wife into removing a birth mark that has not changed in size or in any way for decades. Also tried to talk her into more procedures but we moved on. She must really love that we have health insurance to try to exploit with unnecessary procedures similar to the other review! Just received a bill for $30 of what the insurance didn't cover. Full bill is over $700. So paying her to basically scar you for life.She's just looking to line her pockets, knows nothing about dermatology and when you press with questions you have every right to ask, she gets offended. I'm glad my wife asked me to come with her on the second visit. Just to bad I wasn't there the first time when she cut a chunk out of my wife's leg so that I could have told her  we were going to get a second opinion first.At this office if you see Tuyet Nguyen... you've been warned.
