5	Dr. Edward K. Tsai is a Doctor of Osteopathy specializing in Family Practice.I like Dr. Tsai, his office, and his staff.Dr. Tsai's modest office is well maintained and staffed.  It's small. For me, that's good. He is one doctor..not a group of doctors. One doctor that treats one patient at a time. What a *novel* concept.He is proactive and conversational about treatment and diagnosis options. I discussed several different alternatives with him. Dr. Tsai helped me set up an "at my leisure" blood panel with a popular phlebotomy lab so that I could make my appointment for an annual physical when it was convenient and the results could be reviewed. Dr. Tsai maintains client records electronically. With the exception of the first battery of bubble-check in processing paperwork, Dr. Tsai keeps notes on his laptop during the visit.Dr. Tsai and his staff actually took the time and "talked" with me. At the time, I lost my voice. I sounded like Wolfman Jack. But these people took the time to talk with me during my visit. Dr. Tsai and I joked about bacteria relating to antibiotics (in the specific example of an upper respiratory infection of which I was suffering) ... Dr. Tsai said bacteria mutate and adapt to compensate for the attack of the antibiotic. I said that bacteria in that way were like the Borg, and Dr. Tsai related to me that he attended school at Pomona College for a period of time, right near the famed Oldenborg Center from where it is documented the name of Star Trek's "the Borg"  was derived. On my way out, I mentioned (in my Wolfman Jack raspiness) to one of the two young gals supporting Dr. Tsai as receptionist/practitioner/assistant that her coworker reminded me of an actress in a recent movie (Anna Kendrick starring opposite George Clooney and Vera Farmiga in "Up In The Air"). She related.It is exactly those kinds of interactions that make a "Doctor-Patient Relationship", not a Cattle Call Assembly-Line Warehouse Rubber-Stamp Insurance Mill you might find at some of the more hideous examples of medical practice in the Las Vegas vally (coughYouEmmSeacough).
5	I do not  like Doctors since they seem to only give bad news. Have you ever heard of a Doctor telling a patient that they are going to live forever and it was true. I think not. I must say, the Doctor didn't have me waiting more than 5 mins at any time. As Christoper G. says "One doctor that treats one patient at a time. "He took the approach of one issue at a time. He even offer a fill of my previous medication. I felt like he valued my time, and used it efficiently. While he can't promise a long life, he did make it a step closer to being more enjoyable.I think I will keep him as a primary.
5	Awesome doctor. He rarely makes you wait more than 5 minutes which is super important to me and my family. He's also very careful about prescribing which I appreciate because there are enough shady doctors in Las Vegas. The prices without insurance are cheaper than other family doctors and he's a really nice guy that is good at his job and doesn't rush you.
2	I'm giving 2 stars based off of being able to get in the same day n there being no wait time once there. Other than that, not great. I felt I wasn't really being listened to n that the issues I was presenting weren't being handled proactively enough. 2 months after my appt I was called by the receptionist to see if I still needed a referral to a specialist I had told him I had already seen n been cleared by at my first appt... Needless to say I wasnt impressed n won't be back.
5	Me and my gf both go to Dr. Tsai and he is great. He is one of the only Drs we have seen in Las Vegas that takes the time to talk to you and seems legitimately concerned with how you are doing.As for the wait time issues people have mentioned we have never had to wait very long and it is usually faster than other places we have been.
1	On disability so I called ahead to inquire if they accept medicare. Arrived and filled out paperwork for 10 mins. Second to last page there is a $20 form fee, I was a little surprised. the receptionist at the front in for me that I had a $100+ dollar co-pay? Sad to say I didn't have that and she inquired what I did. "The $20 form fee". "Oh, you don't have to pay that". So do you make up prices too? An hour waste with no resolve. This is how you conduct business?
5	I have been Dr. Tsai's patient for about four years now, and I love everything about his office and practice. I grew up in a family that never had a 'family doctor' and always spent hours waiting in Quick Care, but as an adult that really didn't appeal to me. Over the years I have seen him for a variety of reasons (trouble breathing, flu, cold, cough, head pain, check ups and lab work), and he always takes the time to listen and take me seriously. I recently wanted some bloodwork done just to check something out, which he ordered no problem. When I told my mom - a former nurse - she was so surprised that a doctor was willing to listen to what I was worried about and order the labs for me. The absolute best thing about his office is how easy it is to get in for an appointment. Usually it is that day or the next day. My last visit was a 48 hour wait, and when I told him about it he was surprised, apologized, and asked me who I talked to. In office I usually wait less than 15 minutes to get in the room and maybe 5 minutes in the room.I also love that I don't have to fill out paperwork EVERY. TIME. I. GO. I did it the first time, and he keeps all files electronically (which means when I complained about a symptom that is new he was easily able to confirm that with his own electronic notes.)
5	I'm truly impressed with Dr Tsai! I wasn't sure how to feel at first because I missed my old doctor. Tonight proved that Dr Tsai is awesome!!!I blame myself because I get so many medications that it is sometimes hard for me to keep track. I found out I only had one pill for tonight with no refills! It's blood pressure medicine so it is very important that I take one everyday. I called to leave a message on the doctor's office machine because it was already 9pm. I even forgot to leave my phone number because I was frantic. I just left my name and the prescription and the number to my pharmacy. I thought that I wasn't going to hear back until Monday. While I was Googling natural ways to keep my blood pressure down for the weekend I get a call. The doctor ...not an answering service calls me and says he will call in the prescription first thing in the morning. That was so unexpected but very much appreciated!
5	I have been going to Dr. Tsai for 7 years. I always recommend him to friends and family looking for a new doctor. He is amazing. He listens to you; never rushes you out of his office. I love his staff, his personality and his office is CLEAN, always. I go to him for everything. I am a student and because I have been going to him for so long he always helps me out. If I ever need to come in right away due to being ill, his staff always gets me in that same day. I do not think I have ever been turned away when I am very sick and need antibiotics, etc. I have always been happy with who he has referred me to when I needed outside care. I highly recommend Dr. Tsai. He is located on Jones in a small shopping center too, so you do not have to deal with crazy parking or hospital madness. LOVE MY DOCTOR!!!!
4	Really like Dr Tsai. He's very caring and easy to talk to. Best part is it's very easy to make an appointment and be seen. Rarely have to wait much past an appointment time and often they have same day appointments. Unfortunately, he no longer takes my husband's insurance so we are back on the hunt for another PCP.
4	Update: I actually had an appointment with him after writing this. The last couple of times I must have caught him on a bad day, because the appointment went very well. I updated my rating, but I'm still giving him less than 5 because I waited an hour after my appointment time to see him.I started seeing Dr. Tsai last year, after moving to Vegas. I had been with the same doctor for 12 years, and I was very worried about finding another doctor who I could trust as much as her. Dr. Tsai's reviews were okay, and everyone seemed to think he was nice, so I decided to give him a shot. The good: -Getting an appointment is very easy, even at the last minute. -His staff is very kind. -He likes to cover all of his bases, which is always a good thing. -He has his email posted in the waiting room, which indicates that he wants to be there for his patients.The "meh": -Wait times can be ridiculous. -I've been seeing him for almost a year, and he still doesn't seem to know who I am. We have had the same conversation 3 times. My daughter's pediatrician knows my name, and she has seen me less than Dr. Tsai. Some people don't think this is a big deal, but I really have a difficult time building trust with someone who can't be bothered to learn my name or remember our conversations. I have never left that office feeling comfortable with the visit I just had because I just don't feel like I'm welcome there.The "not-a-big-deal-but-worth-mentioning-just-as-a-heads-up": He doesn't share his office with another doctor. This is weird for me, as I have never gone to a doctor who doesn't have at least one other doctor in the office. Around the first of the year, I needed a prescription refilled. I called to make an appointment, only to get a recording saying that they were out until a week from the day I called. My prescription was going to run out the day after they were back, so I had to call and hope that they could get me in (they could--again, they excel in last-minute appointments) that day. I understand that doctors are people, and they need breaks, so I'm not upset about his office being closed. It would have been nice, however, if he had done something to let his patients know. Maybe a postcard? I don't know--even asking for that seems like I'm asking too much. I just think it's a good idea to let your patients know you won't be in the office, just in case they need refills or something. Would I recommend Dr. Tsai? Sure. He's not a bad guy. I just don't feel comfortable with him.
1	I was recommended to Dr. Tsai by a former co-worker who had great things to say about him when I was new in town and needing to find a new general care practitioner. Dr. Tsai might be the best doctor ever, but I'll never know because of how rude his receptionist was. I called to ask about making an appointment, said I had never been in there before and that I was pointed to Dr. Tsai by a co-worker. The receptionist proceeded to ask the usual question of what kind of insurance I had and as I was digging my cards out of my purse I told her that I had already looked up Dr. Tsai on my insurance plan and he was in my network. I told her what kind of insurance I had and was ready to give her my info when she rudely cut me off and said  "We aren't accepting new patients right now."I understand that, it happens. But I asked why she even bothered to ask what kind of insurance I had - obviously it didn't matter- if they weren't taking new patients. Why didn't she just say that up front? Rudely again she said, "well if you had medicare we would take you," I replied that I did not and she just hung up on me! No goodbye, no have a nice day, no sorry for the inconvenience, nothing. She just hung up! I understand doctors get full and can't always take new patients, but there are more polite ways for staff to explain it. They could also - POLITELY - just say when they answer that they aren't accepting new patients unless they have medicare. Easy and simple. The receptionist was just plain rude and acted as though I was inconveniencing her by even calling. Sadly, rude front of the house staff just seems to be the norm in this city.
5	I was looking for a new doctor in the Las Vegas area and I found this doctor on yelp. I have seen him twice. His staff is very friendly and helpful. Also he is very nice and listens to your problems and answers any questions. I have no complaints about him or his staff. They always treat me well and help me when ever I need something.
