3	Indian Spices is a fairly new addition to the Cultural District dining scene.  It's nice to have a good-tasting Indian option Downtown, and it's also nice to see a relatively inexpensive restaurant open here (expect to pay $7.50 - $14 for a dinner entree, or $7.50 for the lunch buffet.)  Unfortunately, the atmosphere in the restaurant isn't as nice as I had hoped.Good points first:  We really enjoyed most of the dishes we had here.  Pappadums were warm and crispy, with some sort of spicy seed baked into them (unlike the plain pappadums you get at a lot of restaurants here).  Both the mint sauce and the onion relish were very nice.  For our entrees, we both ordered dishes marked as "chef's specialties."  I ordered a vegetarian entree with paneer and okra, which was perfectly-cooked:  the paneer and okra had been sauteed with onions until both paneer and okra were slightly browned, but not overdone.  This let the okra keep its flavor without getting the sliminess that okra can have.  My husband ordered lamb pasanda, which turns out to be lamb in a sweet and spicy creamy sauce, with cashews and raisins in it.  This was one of the most delicious lamb dishes either of us has had in a very long time.  The garlic naan was good too; the garlic was cut in rough slivers and baked with the naan so that it had a roasted taste.The bad parts of our meal:  Samosas were not good: the outermost part looked and felt promisingly crispy/flaky, but the crust turned out to be a little bit gummy/chewy on the inside, which I do not like.  Additionally, the potato and pea filling was distressingly homogenous and not very well spiced.  But the accompanying tamarind sauce was excellent.    (Maybe samosa chat would be better?)  The restaurant itself is kind of cold in temperature and austere in appearance:  the walls are all painted varying shades of grayish-purple, which I find oppressive, and the occasional small, kitschy wall hanging does nothing to relieve the overall foreboding aspect of the dining room.  Worst of all, the service was not good.  Our waitress acted as if the presence of diners in her dining room was the only obstacle preventing her from attaining enlightenment.  She was not very good at answering questions.  When we asked what onion bhajiya (another specialty) was, she replied "onion rings."  Upon looking it up later, I discovered that they are not onion rings.  They are actually basically onion pakoras.  Furthermore, she wasn't particularly attentive, and when we asked about dessert options, she gave us a disapproving look (me in particular) and said "Dessert?!" as if we should be ashamed to even consider eating more food in a restaurant.All in all, we will probably come back here, since so much of the food was good, and that lamb pasanda was REALLY good.  We will also probably stick mainly to the chef's specialty items, and we might order take-out next time!
4	I've never been here for dinner, but the lunch buffet is a great affordable downtown option.  There are usually ~10 different dishes to choose from, some of which are vegetarian.  there is also a salad bar, but frankly, I don't know what some of the things are on there, and I haven't been bold enough to try it.  On the buffet I've had, Tandoori chicken, curry chicken, chana massala, lentils of some sort, spinach of some sort, and I honestly have not had anything that wasn't really good.  (Sorry, they don't post names, and I'm not an Indian food expert) I'd recommend this place for lunch, because as the other review said, this isn't the place you come to for service/atmosphere.  Get in, get full, get out.  Lunch is ~$9.50 including tip.  Indian Spices is on a bi-weekly rotation for me, I suggest you give it a try!
3	Had dinner here one evening. I was the only person in the place when I walked in - which worried me a bit - but I had checked Yelp - and then a large party of six people arrived.I ordered the Lamb Curry - at the hottest level, along with Garlic Naan and Riata. plus a glass of water.Food came out in about 12 minutes or so. I must say the lamb was totally succulent. Almost melted in your mouth - very lean, no fat or gristle which is always a plus.The execution of the dish was another matter. It was pretty damn hot - but the curry flavors were overwhelmed by the heat. Some of my fave go-to Indian places back here in Virginia are really good at balancing extreme heat with flavor. Made me wonder if they took some left overs from the lunch buffet - re-heated them up - and then addedf some additional fire to the dish? Might account for the imbalance between heat and flavor. I'll never know for sure.The garlic Naan was tasty - bread was a nice crispy, flaky consistency - and very garlic-y - you could smell it. Also liked the Riata - it had a nice thick consistency to it. I am not a fan of thin, runny Riata.Service was good and attentive.I'd give this place another shot the next time I am in the area.
5	I loved the food here. The ambiance is pretty bleh- I was there on a Monday evening and it was pretty much deserted. The only other people next to us were a few cops who were far from experienced. They asked for garlic bread instead of naan, and were kind of rude and insistent that certain dishes they wanted from some Indian restaurant were not on the menu even though they ended up being on the menu and they were just being a little dense. Anyways I got the whole shebang... A mango lassi, appetizer of vegetable samosa, paneer naan (one of their specialties) and vegetable briyani (spiced at a 10 out of 20...I thought it was cute that they asked to say how spicy out of 20..) The amazing thing was that for all of that it came to less than 20 dollars...that doesn't happen in Boston- the briyani alone woulda been 15. And by the way it was wonderful- the golden raisins, nuts, spices and basmati rice were all in perfect harmony :)
3	Price went up recently to $10 + tip.  Suddenly expensive for downtown.  The food is still good, but it's now a special stop and off the weekly rotation.
4	A great Indian option downtown. Their lunch buffet it good and cheap I think it only came to $10.00. I've been there on a weekend after going to Heinz Hall for a concert, and the service was very good.
2	Very little selection on the lunch buffet, and $10 is twice the price of Sree's on Smithfield, which has about the same amount of variety.  Just was disappointed, as friends claimed this was the place to go.Taste of India in Bloomfield or India Garden in Oakland still win the buffet war.
4	Great place for lunch, although the buffet selection is quite small, every item is very good.
4	Excellent nan and curry pekora. Polite, attentive staff -- and we were able to make it out with plenty of time for the 8:00 show.
3	Came here for dinner and overall, the food was good and service was excellent.  Ordered the Lamb Vindaloo at a spice level of 10 and not that spicy.  Spice levels apparently go up to 15.  The samosas were good but a little too dense.
5	My favorite lunch spot downtown.  My husand and I meet here frequently for the lunch buffet and, including tax and tip, get out of there for $20 even.  Their chicken tikka massala is wonderful.  Other favorites from the buffet:  chicken tari, chicken saag, aloo gobhi, channa masala, and gulab jamun.  I probably need intervetion at this point for as much as I go there.  Highly recommend.
4	Reasonable price , good food, friendly staff
3	Lunch buffet with a small selection of usual suspects for $9 (not including drink).Overall the flavors here are decent, but they are a bit toned down for american pallets.On my visit they had a selection of  veggie curies pakora, rice and naan. The curries were fine nothing great the Gobi one was the best. The pakora seemed a bit soggy and the naan was scarce. If you are hungry or in a rush is a great choice as you pay at the end and it is self service and all you can eat, if you want great inidan flavor I am sure you can find better. At $9 it is a decent price for a lunch buffet in a Urban area.
4	My best friend has season tickets to the Public Theatre, for a matinee, and we always finish the afternoon with dinner. On several occasions, we decided on Indian Spices, and quite frankly, we're usually disappointed when we stray into another territory to try something different.Initially, the first time we decided to try it, we were told they asked for reservations.  We arrived to be the only two people in the restaurant for the majority of our meal, which really was a shame, because the experience we were about to have was delightful. After a few more trips, we decided that they ask for reservations - so that they know whether or not they should stay open. Indian Spices is a very small, family owned restaurant, that serves up truly yummy Indian dishes, spiced to your taste.  The staff is extremely sweet and friendly, as consistent as the food quality.The prices are incredibly reasonable as well, which really made me wonder why there wasn't a crowd, but then again I've had out of towners visit, and taking a walk through downtown during what would normally be a bustling dinner hour in other more 'alive' cities showed large restaurants with empty seats.  So I guess I can't say I'm not that surprised, plus, judging the tastes of the local in-the-boxers, I'm sure for a great portion of the population Indian food is one of those types of food that invokes the 'Oh, I don't like that' reaction, which when you say 'Why? Have you tried it?' they will more than likely respond 'No'.So, if you ARE a fan of Indian food, and can take more seasoning than just salt, pepper, and Heinz, this is one awesome little place to go.We have tried a variety of dishes, from my fave Palak Paneer, and her's Bhaingin Bharta, to a lovely (though boney) goat dish, lamb, several biryani, and ALWAYS the samosa.  One very important thing to bear in mind - they DO ask for your spice level preference. They go from 1 to 15, and it is a pretty darned accurate scale. You order the 15, you're going to get it spicy burn hot.  This isn't Pittsburgh Spices, it's Indian Spices, and they do it right.  Unlike the 'Nuclear Wings' at one chain that tongue in cheek requires a 'waiver' to be signed if you opt for them, and then they arrive to a spice fan's table being just 'hot' like a normal hot wing should be. At this place, you ask for 15, you are going to get burn.They have several spiced teas, and a mango lassi that is delish, as well as Coke products to wash down the goodies.They have plenty of appetizers to choose from, from pikoras to those amazing samosas, which really taste home made, as opposed to 'just restaurant' samosas.  They also have a selection of nans, and I love the garlic nan. All the entrees come with basmati rice.The atmosphere is pretty basic, but this isn't a place for the 'foodies' - again, it's for people who like food.  There is light Indian music playing in the background which can just slightly be heard (for my tastes they could turn that up just a tad - love the sound - and sometimes it would be nice to hear more of that and less of the conversation at the other occupied table in the place).Now comes the price. Our last meal, which was AMPLE, started with an order of samosa (two large), an order of garlic nan, bhaingin bharta and palak paneer for entrees, and the bill came to $25.Though I've not been able to go for the lunch buffet, I will say - don't expect miracles. They can't spice the food to suit everyone's tastes at a buffet, especially in da burgh. It's going to be a cheap all-you-can-eat for lunch.  It's not going to be the best they have to offer.One of our best experiences here, after we knew them a bit, we asked them to just kind of whip us up something.  To pretend they just had some friends pop by, and they had to whip up something yummy that they would eat.And they did.  They brought us a butter chicken in a red sauce that was out of this world creamy and buttery, with perfect flavor.They're nice, they're VERY affordable, and they make it with care. Who could ask for anything more?
4	I finally made it there during a weekday for their lunch buffet, and have to say I'm just as impressed, if not even more than I thought I would be, at the quality and flavor of their buffet.Usually 'flavor' is watered down in da burgh for any kind of ethnic buffet, but that just isn't the case here. The chicken tikka was extremely flavorful and tasty, and the Tandoor chicken was THE most delicious I've ever put in my mouth! I've always thought it was just supposed to BE dry and flavorless, but Indian Spices just proved me wrong. Not only was it juicy and yummy chicken, but the 'red' on the outside actually had some spice and flavor to it that made me go 'WOW - is THAT what it's supposed to taste like??' They also include nan on the buffet, and it was buttery and good, along with the basmati rice, and a variety of other goods. Kheer for dessert was delicious sweet and creamy rice pudding. The buffet is small in selection, but high in flavor and quality, and for just under $9. I am always astounded at their small crowds. This place deserves diners. And if you like Indian food, put it on your list. Dinner is excellent, and now I can say, so is lunch!
3	Went here during a business trip at around 9:30PM. It wasn't my first choice, but most other spots were closed or incredibly over priced (What the heck Pittsburgh?).Not many people were inside and somebody was doing homework. Figured it was a family run restaurant. Decor was average for your run of the mill Indian restaurant. I was given a glass of cold water and nothing else. I expected to receive some chutney, but was never ordered with any. I thought that was a standard, but I guess I was wrong?I ordered the Garlic Naan and the Chicken Saag after looking through their menu, which was pretty standard. They had the usual chicken, fish, shrimp, and vegetarian options with the standard Indian cuisine styles. Sadly, nothing really jumped out at me.My food came out rather slowly considering the emptiness of the place. The Saag had a darker tint to it than I was normally served; it was overcooked a bit. It did have a good spicy kick to it which I did enjoy. The naan wasn't too salty and I could really taste the garlic which I enjoyed as well.Overall, I wasn't crazy about the place and also not raving about it either. It gets an average rating for standard Indian food.
4	I often eat at Indian Spices before a play or the Symphony.  They have reliably quick service and deliciously authentic Indian food.  I particularly like their Coconut Soup, which I think is quite unique.  Their breads are wonderful, and so are the entrees.  The wait staff is quite friendly and helpful.  I really enjoy eating at Indian Spices and I never hesitate recommending it to others.
3	We came here for lunch while attending a week-long conference nearby. The service prices and food were all very good. We had the buffet, which I normally avoid, but we were in a rush.Everything seemed fresh, but nothing to rave about. Your standard, Indian buffet, and it was fine for a quick lunch time visit. I'd go back if in the area.
4	I went here with a few friends right after watching a Pirates game at PNC Park. The first restaurant we walked into was a really basic Italian place, and there wasn't a place to sit (it was packed), so we decided to walk a little farther down and try another place. We walked into Indian Spices and there was absolutely no one there, which was very surprising because so many people were going straight from the game to get something to eat.  We were kind of happy to have the place to ourselves though, so we figured we would give it a shot.  There were people cleaning the windows outside, which may have been a deterrent, plus they didn't serve beer, which would account for a lot of people going elsewhere.Our server was Indian (which was a good sign).  He was friendly and the food was served promptly (which we expected as we were the only ones there).  The prices were very fair, and the food was great.  I got Chicken Vegetable, with a spiciness level of 12 (out of 15), and I loved it.  My friends got mango ice cream and a shrimp dish, and they were also very satisfied.  The environment was a little plain/generic, and the bathroom was tiny and not the cleanest.  If it weren't for those factors, I probably would have given the place 5 stars.  Regardless, it was a great value for the money.
4	Awesome! From the naan to the chicken tikka masala from the buffet, it was great! First time eating at an Indian restaurant, so I cannot compare. Will definitely be back!
5	Nice find in downtown Pittsburgh while visiting from California to see the fam. Good and polite service---enjoying the buffet on a slow Saturday afternoon...the service earns the 5 stars.
4	Indian Spices has the best chicken Tikka Masala and Chana saag that I've tasted anywhere, hands down.  I drive from the North Hills for take out at least a few times a month and often before performances in the cultural district.  They're also very good at understanding time constraints you may have and will tell you up front if they can serve you before a show.  If you're a tikka masala fan, give them a try, you might get spoiled.
4	Have eaten here two times. Once we ate in and the other time carry out. Both times the food was fantastic. Perfectly spicy and saucy. Only minor complaint is I wish there was more chicken in the main dishes. The chicken biryani was delicious. Naan was toasty, crisp and perfect. Can't wait to go back!
5	The lunch buffet is super delicious and only $9 (including tax). There is another indian restaurant a few doors down but that place is nothing compared to Indian Spices. They have the best chicken Tikka Masala and kir.  I love coming here and I am sad that they dont deliver.
4	Vegetable jalfrezi was very good.  The vegetables seemed fresh.  I asked for medium spice, and it was just right.  Not too much to become overwhelming.   The only reason they're not getting 5 stars is because the garlic on the garlic naan tasted like it came out of a jar.  Otherwise, a tasty and affordable dinner.
4	Similarly to Andy E., I ordered my favorite Indian dish (aloo gobhi), and my grandmother ordered two samosas with mint and tamarind chutney.The aloo gobhi was fine. It came with a ton of rice. Thanks! I like how they prepared the aloo gobhi.The samosas were meh. They were soft and a little soggy. That's kind of gross man. The mint chutney saved the day though.We were the only ones here! It was very fun eating aloo gobhi and samosas with my grandma.Argentina just missed an easy goal by the way vs. Germany.
5	Great (and cheap) lunch buffet! Really good chicken tikka masala and kir! Friendly service too. Don't get scared if the place is empty, the food is delicious!! Can't wait to go back here!
4	I chose Indian Spices over the other Indian restaurant a few doors down at the advice of an Indian coworker.  His advice was spot on.  I visited for the lunch buffet.  It was affordably priced and everything was very tasty.  I enjoyed that everything was clearly labeled so you know what you are eating.  There are three sections to the buffet.  The hot section that has all your entree choices, rice and naan.  The cold secion that had salads and sauces and the dessert section that featured a few choices, most notably rice pudding.Even though it was a buffet, everything tasted fresh.  Service and atmosphere are the reasons I didn't give this five stars.  They were busy, but the server had a bit of an attitude.  She seemed a bit put off by the fact that I wanted a refill on my water.  The layout is also strange.  There is a large front room, a hallway, another dining room and the back room with the buffet.  I was seated in the hallway area and it was kind of awkward with so many people walking past.I'll be back to try the regular menu and will also do the buffet again.
1	One of the worst Indian places I have been in the USA.. Its a joke to call this place 'Indian Spices' because of thier bland, flavourless food which doesnt do any justice to making good Indian food with good spices and flavor.. (By spices I dont necessrally mean spicy and hot, I just mean flavours). It should instead be called 'Indian Spiceless' From our experience, I can tell these guys dont know whats Indian food and how to cook it.. We ordered navaratan kurma and veg jalfrizi.. Though technically these are entirely different dishes with kurma being somewhat on the sweeter side and jalfrizi being on the tangy and spicy side..  What we got was nowhere near what we expected. Both the curries looked uninspiring and not that different at all.  Both clearly had the more or less the same well cut frozen veggies you get in super markets and more or less tasted the same..  Jalfrizi which typically has more sauce (gravy) was very dry (never seen it in any other Indian restaurant like that) and had virtually no flavour.. it seemed like some spices were tossed in here and there..  And to add to the insult, they prepared these wonderful exotic delicacies taking more than one hour to prepare when hardly there were any customers around!! Not only do the staff seem to not know how to cook Indian food, they also dont seem to know much about whats Indian food!   My wife had ordered 'Onion Kulcha' without seeing the menu.. (For beginners Kulcha is slightly different type of Indian bread like Nan..) Actually that item was not in the menu.. thats fine.. but instead of telling us that, the staff took the order and brought us 'Onion Nan'.. when my wife complained that this is NOT kulcha but nan, then the staff tells us 'Onion kulcha is Onion Nan right??!!'..  LOL!   Actually this was not a big thing, but clearly shows that the staff (eventhough they looked like Indians) didnt know much abt Indian cuisine.. I then explained to the staff whats the difference between nan and kulcha.. then to make things more comic, we could hear them arguing inside the kitchen abt this issue.:P  Also the mango lassie was sour..  We came here seeing four star reviews, thier buffet might be good as most reviewers have opined here or most of thier guests are newbies who havent experienced real Indian food.. When we left the place, we were joking about the name 'Indian Spices' for all the flavorless food with no 'real spices' and exlaimed we could have done this food ourselves very easilyat home..
3	I went for the lunch buffet during the week and went a bit early (around 11:30) to find the buffet freshly stocked.  I'm not a huge fan of buffets since they can get kinda gross after people have ransacked it a few times so if I can get to a buffet before the crowd, I prefer to do so.  The buffet and food was on par with the other India restaurant buffets I've tried. I wasn't overly impressed or overly disappointed.  The chicken tikka was very creamy as per the standard at these places.  A little goes a long way.  They had a vegetable korma dish wish I really enjoyed.  The rice was a bit burned and I wish they had more vegetable dishes but it was either that vegetable korma, spinach/lentils (which were bland) or potatoes - which I didn't feel like loading up on.  I was somewhat disappointed that they didn't offer pakoras or samosas since they had all the fixins for them (brown/green chutneys).  They did offer sweet rice pudding and carrot type hulva (sweet).  Price was $9 inclusive of tax which I found reasonable.  The place started to get crowded around noon so I would recommend coming earlier if you can.
5	The food here is amazing, and the prices are very reasonable, especially for Downtown.  If you haven't tried their coconut soup, it's rather unique and delicious.  This is one of my go-to spots for dining Downtown.  Their service is fast and you can't beat their location.  It's a family business and the wait staff are very friendly, funny, and incredibly nice.  Their naan is excellent and authentic.
4	Indian Spices is a great place to try unique, ethnic food at an affordable, low price. I ordered the fresh bread: Kaabli naan, which was a delicious sweet pastry like bread filled with sugar, coconut, nuts and raisins & Panner naan, which was a bread filled with cottage cheese and herbs. I thought the cottage cheese would be a dominant taste, but it wasn't at all. It was very subtle and I could barely taste it, though it was wonderful. The bread is flaky and flat and has a very unique taste worth trying! The prices are absolutely wonderful! You get 4 large triangles of bread for $3.99. I also ordered the coconut soup ($3), which was very good. It had pieces of coconut, raisins, and nuts in a milky coconut broth. It was probably the first sweet soup I have ever tasted. We also ordered the Chicken korma ($9.5), which was served with a big plate of basmati rice. The rice is wonderful all by itself, without sauces or meat. The chicken korma was said to be a coconut based dish, but the dish had a richer taste of curry and less of a coconut taste. It was good, though I probably wouldn't order it again. The server asked if I wanted it mild or medium. I ordered it medium and it was pretty hot. I enjoyed it, just drank a lot of water, which the waitress was wonderful at refilling. The waitress wasn't the friendliest and didn't help us newcomers with the menu much, but she refilled my waters and checked on our table frequently. The diet coke was served in a can and you poured it into your glass of ice, which I'm never a big fan of, but it was also only $2. I'm not sure if the drinks were refillable or not.The ambiance wasn't really there and as soon as you walked in there was an odd odor. Perhaps table cleaner/rags? It is hard to explain but it has happened at other restaurants and always turns me off a bit. The bathroom was not the greatest and is squished by entryway to the kitchen.  I would definitely try this place again because of the food and their prices, but hope that they can dress up the place a bit in the future and make the interior match the quality of the food!
4	Supremely delicious! Went here for dinner with a friend before a show at the cabaret. It is a very unassuming looking restaurant and was not very busy. It took our waitress a little time to get over to us, but we mentioned that we had a show and she made sure to bring our food out as quickly as possible. We got the samosas, which were huge and delicious. We also shared the chicken tikka masala and the chana masala at spice level medium. I love spicy food, but if you don't I suggest going lower on the scale because even at a medium, these dishes had some serious kick!  I loved the chicken tikka masala. So much so that I took the leftover sauce over rice home just so my hubby could try it! We also got the garlic naan and poori. Both were delicious and helped to scoop up the delicious food. The portion sizes were also very generous for the price and my friend and I were each able to have a to go container from what was left over. I can't wait to go back!
3	I stopped by with my friend on Fri. night for dinner before seeing The Nutcracker at the Benedum.  Between the convenient location in the Cultural District, the good reviews from other Yelpers, and the reasonable prices, this place seemed like a potential winner.  Unfortunately, however, the food and atmosphere left something to be desired.The a la carte dinner menu is pretty extensive, and includes most of the usual dishes offered at Indian restaurants.  Because I'd tried samples of chicken makhni (butter chicken) from friends at another Indian restaurant in Oakland and really liked it, but had never ordered it myself before, I decided to order it.  Bad move!  The sauce was less creamy than that served with the dish at the other restaurant (see photo), and the chicken was of poor quality--all dark meat, with several pieces of gristle that I had to pull out of my mouth while eating (as discreetly as possible, of course, to avoid grossing out my friend).  This version of the dish was disappointing, to the point that I only ate a bit more than half of it before abandoning the rest.In addition to my entree, I ordered a mango lassi, as I usually do at Indian restaurants.  Even this was a disappointment, given its thinness in comparison to versions I've had at other Indian restaurants around town.My friend ordered the malai kofta, a vegetarian dish consisting of potato balls stuffed with paneer and vegetables in a light cream sauce with nuts and raisins.  She let me try a bite or two, and it tasted much better than my chicken makhni.  If I'd ordered this dish, I probably would have finished it and left with a much better assessment of the food than I did.  Indeed, my friend did so, and expressed satisfaction with its quality.Aside from the quality of the food, I was rather unimpressed with the ambiance, which I'd describe as a notch below no frills.  There was no music, the wall decorations were pretty sparse, and the tables were unadorned except for menus under the glass tops.  Moreover, the place had a slight aura of griminess that was apparent from the odd odor that I encountered upon entering.  Service was okay, and the food came was served in a reasonable timeframe, so I have no major complaints there.Overall, I've had better Indian food in superior settings at other places around town, so I probably won't return.  It seems as though most people come here for the lunch buffet, so it's possible that the quality is better than their a la carte cooking.  If you do order a la carte, I'd recommend sticking to the chef's specialties (the malai kofta was one of them), and avoiding the chicken makhni, for sure.  If I went solely by my own experience, my rating would be a 2, but my friend seemed pretty pleased, so I'm averaging to a 3 to better reflect our combined judgment.
