5	I got a flier in the mail so I went to check it out and fell in love. the equipment colors are super bright and colorful but they were also brand new. the facility and all the equipment are clean and I always see the staff cleaning. I cancelled my la fitness membership and joined here because it was cheaper, cleaner, and closer to home. I am able to workout in the free weights area because there aren't a lot of people  or meatheads hogging the area trying to out lift one another and show off.  the treadmills and cardio equipment have personal tvs with directv channels which is awesome! I can walk and run and watch tv for hours.
5	I love how clean the Gym is all the time.  And my personal trainer thru Custom Built rocks!!!
3	Went here to see what kind of classes or instruction they offered for our Meetup group. The guy that showed me around was very young, very rehearsed, but very nice. The gym looked pretty clean, most of the machines were not being used. They have a mini self-led circuit that you can follow, using the stoplight timer on the wall. They also offer this as a trainer-led class a few times/wk. The best thing here is the price, for sure. If you're just looking for a place to use weights & machines on your own, this is your place. It's more of a diy workout, but for $10/mo, it'll work for some.
4	I really enjoy working out here it's provided an open ambiance and good new YouFit branded equipment. The purple and green can get kinda annoying after a while but it works. I enjoy being able to workout in the free weights area because its not clogged with juice heads. Employees are always cleaning or looking for something to clean, which is a plus. I feel like it is the right gym for me. Also you have TV if you want but I'm not much of a TV person so I like to do without it. the plus is that they have iphone/ipod charger attached to them...umm score! The only negative I can give so far is that the employees didn't greet me as I left given the fact I've only been there 3 times so far. Also they don't have paper towels in the bathroom just a blow dry machine.kinda of annoying but saving trees. Not too bad for the monthly rate. Love it!
5	I love this gym! I recently embarked on a fitness and weight loss journey, and this place is perfect for beginners. Each piece of equipment has detailed instructions so you don't stand there looking like a goof trying to figure it out. The place is pristinely clean and never too packed even during peak hours. The staff is friendly and helpful but don't hover during your workout. The members range from beefy fitness types to people who clearly just started working out. The atmosphere is in inviting for all types, that has to be my favorite part.  My only, and I mean only, complaint is that they got a fancy new scale that I can't seem to figure out...
5	Although this isn't my "home" gym I enjoy working out at this location. It's a bit bigger than my home location but has all the same great equipment. The staff is very friendly and I love the windows you can look out of while working out. This is also a very clean location with plenty of equipment for everyone. I usually go around 3 or 4pm and it's not that busy. Highly recommend YouFit for a quality, low-priced gym experience.
1	This location does not have the elliptical machines like the one on Bethany Home. It is much smaller with way fewer machines in general. In addition the staff are all constantly talking to each other and ignoring the members. All they do to recognize you is yell "have a great day" to your back as you're walking out the door. I found it unfit for my needs and now they are charging my wife and $25 each to cancel our memberships. There's a word in the dictionary for that... extortion!  The one thing I can say positive is that the trainers have limited their harassment of the members. It was so bad at one point that my wife felt intimidated to go because they were constantly berating her and telling her she would not get the results she was looking for without their help. stay away from this place unless the things I have mentioned above are of no concern to you.
4	Great little gym. Very clean and never too busy. You can't beat the price either. The staff is very friendly but doesn't ambush you trying to sell services while you are training.
1	Oh Youfit, we could have had an amicable break up.I signed up for a membership while the gym was still in construction and never really got a chance to use my membership as it took awhile for them to open and then I got a job on the other side of town with other gym options. I went in and got a relatively pain free cancellation thanks to the fact that I had been paying for 6 months and never been in. Oops. I paid any owed fees and filled out all information to cancel. Nice people and cool place, even if it just wasn't for me at the time. I recommended Youfit to others looking for a gym even after canceling my membership. Fast forward to a year later. I received a voice mail from a Youfit representative at this location informing me that I was in "collections" for unpaid membership dues but that I could easily pay half of what was owed to be able to use my membership. I called them back and was given another pitch about how easy it would be to bring my membership back into good standing. When I could get a word in, I informed her that I had canceled my membership months prior. She looked up my information, realized that I did indeed have a cancellation form in my file, and put me on hold to talk with a manager. When she came back she apologized and assured me that her and the manager would take care of it, that it was completely a mistake on their part, and that it would not reflect negatively on my credit(as I wasn't actually in "collections"). I thought then that it was taken care of. A week later, I received a text telling me that my monthly membership due did not process and to call a number to fix my account. I have not received any such texts in the entire year since I canceled, I don't know why this would happen now after it was "taken care of". I again called this location and asked to speak with a manager, the gentleman I spoke with assured me he would be able to help so I again explained the situation to him. He also admitted that my cancellation was on file and I should not still be charged. But he also said that each month's payment since my cancellation in March 2013 has attempted to go through and failed. That is 12 payments that Youfit has attempted to take out of my account, luckily for me the card they have on file is expired and nothing has actually been charged. Again, he assured me that the manager knows my situation and would take care of it with Youfit corporate. I truly hope that is the case however I won't hold my breath.  I can't recommend Youfit anymore, billing issues can happen anywhere, but not catching something like this for 12 months and then not following through to fix a problem is terribly unprofessional. Also, the fact that a manager is not made available and will not personally follow up when there is an issue says a lot about a place.
4	This is a pretty good small gym. I have been happy with it over-all. I usually go during lunch time and there aren't very many people so although its small i can get most of my workout in. The only reason that i am giving it a 4 star is because they do not have any stair-stepper machines. I would recommend this gym to my friends.
3	Be very careful and read your contract. There are lots of hidden fees. You pay one rate for a couple of months and then you're hit with an annual registration fee that you will have to pay again next year. Can't for the life of me figure out what that annual registration fee is used for other than to just hit you with more charges. Then if you ever need to change your membership, there's a $10 processing fee. Plus, a few months after I signed up, I was advised that my rates would be increased next year.The gym is fine. Clean. This is not a pick up joint or a place for huge guys on steroids that are grunting and yelling while they're lifting weights.  It's nice, quiet.   But, they do not offer any classes. They have treadmills, ellipticals, circuit machines, and weights. I ended up canceling my membership because I decided I really prefer a gym that offers a variety of classes. And of course, there was a $10 processing fee for them to click a button on the computer to cancel my membership.
