5	This truly is AS GOOD AS IT GETS! The bread pudding is properly entitled "Slap Your Momma"...it is DELICOUS :-) The seafood gumbo is delightful and the fried catfish is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. To top it off the customer service you receive is outstanding! Please take the time to try this place it out...it is definitely worth the time and consideration #bestLousianastylefoodinVegas!
3	wet Sauce was extremely nice & generous. She served us seafood & chicken gumbo(a little salty), appetizer sampler: okra, hush puppy, fried corn cobb, catfish and a very delicious shrimp po boy sandwich. I am definitely going back for the food that has a lot of heart & soul. i went back 2 more times and it seems that the food wasnt salty, but the flavor of the foods  tasted bland. I dont understand why they dont offer even for a fee TARTAR sauce for the fish anymore?
5	Walking into the Charleston Campus Commons food court you would not believe me if I told you that there was lobster served there but it's true ... and it is found in Weeziana's gumbo along with shrimp, craw fish, crab, sausage... So delicious and affordable! I went there last night for a CMYE and was fortunate enough to sample some delicious food items on their menu. In addition to the gumbo I also had deep fried corn on the cob.. what??? haha yes what a unique spin on a classic favorite! The deep fried catfish with Weeziana sauce was also delicious and had that same sweet breading as the the corn on the cob. For dessert we had their famous "Slap Yo Mama" bread pudding. OMG I suggest asking for a corner piece which gives a nice bite to it. Everything on the menu comes from the owner's family cook book and some recipes are super top secret so you know that it has got to be good. My favorite thing about 'Weeziana Gumbo & More' was the wonderful service from the owner, Espy! Such a genuinely sweet SWEET woman. Make sure to stop by to try her yummy food and don't forget to say hi to Espy and ask her about Lil Wayne ;]]]HOT TIP: You can preorder your bread pudding and buy them in batches. They also don't just come in peach/pecan but in many delicious flavors!
5	Someone call the Five-O cause I just made out with a heaping bowl of the best seafood gumbo for less than $10!  Speaking from someone who grew up from the South, this gumbo is as good as it gets.  The gumbo is Nawlins-esque bursting with flavor with chicken, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and crab.   I've had all the other gumbo's (Lola's, M&M, you name it - none come even close to Weeziana's)I also had their cornbread which was delicious and Espy gave us a fried corn on the cob sampler which was the sh@t!  The cornmeal breading was perfect.Everything here is so cheap and you get gigantic portions.   The service is so South friendly you have to check this place out at the Charleston Campus Commons.
5	I was raised in the south and have I have lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years ,.I have always looked for a place that reminds me of home. and now I am truly home and it is all thanks to Weeziana Gumbo and More !!!! when you place the food into your mouth you will feel like you are down in the south and you are 12 years old all over again. The food will transport you back into time were the cornbread is hand made, the smells of Gumbo warms your heart and soul, and where the fresh catch of the day was fried to perfection with all the spices that will light up your smile but all of this delicious food doesn't hold a candle to the most wonderful lady that I have had the pleasure of meeting  and that is Espe  the owner, she is the biggest sweetheart !!! She makes you feel like you just walked right into her home with open arm. A true lady with a big heart and a passion for  delicious food from her grand mothers recipes that were handed down to her . and what I tasted tonight I wish that I could had been around growing up with Espe.  Everything is handmade and made with love. you truly feel like family by the time you leave. So POPCORN TRAVEL IS TELLING YOU TO GO AND POP ON OVER !!!!!!! your taste buds   will thank you , and don't forget to spread the word tell everyone you know and trust me after you get this delicious food into your mouth you will thank me for it .
5	Whoa mama! I haven't yelped in awhile because frankly nothing has excited me much, until tonight.I had high expectations after reading other reviews, but those were far exceeded upon first bite. Everything is made from scratch from family recipes, and this is a family that must eat VERY well. I literally got back from N'awlins on Saturday, where I had gumbo at the prestigious Commander's Palace. Weeziana's gumbo smoked their's out of the swamp water. I give five stars, however, because everything else was just as good as the gumbo, and the owner/chef couldn't have been more hospitable and lovely. She had cornbread fresh out of the oven that she brought to the table, and it was the best I'd ever had. We also ordered the cornmeal coated corn on the cob, and she comped us some of her delicately fried fish served with a fantastic spicy aioli and Crystal hot sauce. This lady can fry to perfection!I wanted the bread pudding, but I guess even after 6 weeks the dessert is becoming so popular that she was sold out. I 'settled' for the pound cake. Another item that fit in the category of 'best ever.' Don't expect much in terms of the atmosphere, but expect tons in terms of everything else. The food, service, and value make this a MUST in my book. I'm grateful it's only ten minutes from home, but even if it weren't I'd drive distances to go here. Despite the filling meal costing less than $20 for two people, I would give Weeziana's five stars even if it cost twice as much (maybe even three times). Oh, and her son is super cute, too. He's sweet and happy with just the right amount of shy. He's lucky to have a mama that can cook like she does!
4	Saw some recent reviews of Weezie's and i was stoked to see another placee for me to try GUMBO.  I luv gumbo !I was in the vicinity yesterday so stopped by for lunch.  From what i can tell, they ust opened for the day ( 11:00 am ) - one guy working there and i saw about 5 order tickets he was working on so i was a little worried about how long the order would take.  I went with the seafood gumbo ( large - $7.95) and a shrimp po boy ( either $7 or $8)It did take a while to get my food but not a big deal - it gave me a chance to look at the other food places in the court ( my first visit ) The gumbo was great !  Nice roux base.  I like that the onions and peppers were diced in small pieces.  Really liked that the bones and shells were in the soup - working class gumbo !!  I'm kicking myself for not getting a chunk of cornbread - it would have been the perfect lunch.  The po' boy was decent.  The shrimp might have been slightly undercooked but i liked the coating and a it was good sized for the price.Definitely will return.
5	After our hike at Potato Knoll, we stopped by this Charleston Campus Commons to try out some food.  It's rare that we are on this side of town, so we just had to maximize the trip.  We were sold immediately on the seafood gumbo after hearing the ingredients that go into a bowl of gumbo.  OMG, I haven't tasted such delicious meaty gumbo for quite some time.  The flavor was bold, there were shrimps, crab meat, crawfish meat, drumstick, sausages...um um um...definitely took me back to Louisiana.This bowl of gumbo is as good as it gets.  There is no competition, Weeziana Gumbo & More is the place for some delicious, decent-priced cajun food.
5	I ate the gumbo so quickly that I didn't have time to snap a pic. Chef Congo did not skimp on the shrimp. It was sooo... delicious; the okra was crunchy; the flavor was "right-on" the money and the rice was perfectly cooked - can't wait to go back.
5	The SEAFOOD GUMBO r the only words I can utter right now!!!! And yes, I'll be back to pick up my order to go at 5:00pm. So generous w/the crab and lobster! LOVIN' IT!
4	I had the good fortune to try some of Weeziana's gumbo when I was at Campus Commons for our CMYE Reverse Spring Break.  At that time, I got a container of chicken gumbo to take home (my wife won't do seafood).  Yesterday, in a funk about what to do for dinner, I thought it was time to go back to the Commons and get some more gumbo.  I got a container of chicken (for my wife) and a container of seafood gumbo (for me).  Their gumbo has a rich flavor with just enough of a spice to give it some good taste.  I don't use hot sauce with their gumbo because I want to taste the great gumbo flavor.  The seafood gumbo had a fair amount of seafood and it was a great meal that I brought home.This is now a fast food place to go when I want something different and tasty.  Service was excellent!  I am a fan!
5	Really, really good cajun food.  I had a small order of the seafood gumbo (amazing) and some hushpuppies, but the owner also gave me a sample of the chicken gumbo (amazing), a free piece of fried corn on the cob (really good, never seen this before), and a sample of the Slap Yo Mama bread pudding which had pineapple and coconut (super amazing).  The owner was incredibly nice and gave free samples to a few other people that were waiting for food.  I will definitely be back.
4	Though it can sound like a cliche at first, a really good gumbo does require some heart and soul. It takes time and patience to make a proper roux, and to know how to balance the ingredients in a way that makes the flavor and texture of each one shine. And of course that special spice kick to bring it all to life. When you taste this gumbo you can sense all of that. And when you meet "Weezy", you can feel the heart and soul behind it all. Real.
5	This place is so awsome! The Gumbo is so amazing, I love this place.
4	It been long overdue trip back for some Weeziana Gumbo since CMYE months ago. I was in the mood for some gumbo and some slap yo mama bread pudding. Two things that really stood out for me and wanting too come back for more. Some reason maybe cause I order the chicken gumbo rather then the seafood gumbo. It feel short of my last experience. I thought it was bit on the salty side. I should have order regular size instead of large. Not that you can never get enough of A good thing in life. I felt with the large between the gumbo and the rice plus everything is so condense or packed in. No way you can enjoy best of both worlds. Or just could have been bitter that should have ordered seafood gumbo. Still its good gumbo especially the seafood and even though not fan of the chicken nothing skimpy comes too the andouille sausage, chicken, and get your money worth of gumbo. Not just gumbo everything on the menu is nice size portion!! I also ordered the pound cake since there famous slap yo mama bread pudding was sold out. I was surprise not just fact that nice full piece not thin slice piece. It so moist and delicious!! All the desserts here are made fresh daily just like the rest of the menu. I am fan of Brain desserts at Wing Kings. Between both restaurants amazing bakery of cakes or pies that puts chain restaurants desserts too shame. The staff or this night just the cook great guy, friendly, and talking stories about famous slap yo mama bread pudding dessert. It crazy too think that people call in on the phone everyday asking about it. They place order over the phone non left for non phone orders. If ever get chance that one dessert that AMAZING.
5	Go by mama's and n'em and ask Espy for her bucket sized bowl of gumbo, which comes in 2 varieties: chicken or seafood.  Don't forget to get a side of the fried corn on the cob, which is ridiculously slap yo mama & yo uncle good.  If you're curious about something, they are more than happy to hook it up with a sample.They are still in soft opening mode, trying to gauge the market and streamline their business processes.  She is fixin to do an official grand opening in a couple months.  Espy, the owner is a lil sweetie with a big ole personality and some mean cooking chops.  All of her recipes came from her family.  They make a unique bread pudding daily, which was sold out when we stopped by for dinner.  I tried their sweet potato pie, but it wasn't to my palate, buuuuut then again I'm biased & spoiled because I grew up eating my North Carolina granny's recipe. The only down side is the location & the fact that they close at 8pm.  They are in a small food court near CSN.  They are going to be mega-successful; it's just a matter of time before they expand to a bigger location.   The food is better than what you'd find in N'awlins.
5	Took a while...took a long while for Weeziana to open but it finally did...then it took a much MUCH longer while for me to stop by and try it out. No secret to anyone that i'm pretty close to the owners of Wing King, Kaba Curry, and Tacos el Jefe's. So today i just wasnt feeling Wing King or Kaba and Jefe's was closing. So...why not try some Gumbo? This experience really does remind me of the first time i had uni and the first time i had GOOD uni. So here's the story of my experience with Uni. First of all it's sea urchin. Whole sea urchin looks totally alien if you're not used to it. The soft flesh inside looks like what comes out of said alien's ass. Now lets turn toward gumbo. First time i had gumbo was i think on the south side messing facility of Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni. I've never had gumbo before and it looked interesting with the crab legs and seafood and sausages. yeah...tasted like something that came outta an alien's ass. So every time gumbo was served i would get a small bowl and give it a shot just to be disappointed and it just settled: Gumbo = Crap. Back to Uni, recently we found a sushi spot that offered fresh FRESH uni and holy that looks like an alien's ass batman the stuff was absolutely amazing. Back to Gumbo, Went on a limb and ordered a seafood in a small size and a bread pudding on the side. first bite...absolutely friggin amazing it's like opening your eyes from being blind for your entire natural life until that one day. I havent had enough gumbo to full explain what i was tasting and how everything was balanced together. This meal totally made my day. Bread pudding was quite amazing as well. Not overly sweet as i was expecting but balanced. The pineapple and coconut give a lot of flavor without adding to richness. I came hungry and curious and I left one happy smiling ass motherfucker. What more could you ask for?Yelp 100 - 028 of 100
5	Best gumbo in town and many other towns.!!
4	I had the steamin hot Seafood Gumbo on a mildly warm Saturday afternoon.  As I slurped on some gumbo rue, I found hidden treasures of smoked sausage, crawfish, real crab meat (none of that imitation shit), and shrimp. They also added some chicken in there, too.  Needless to say, it was a flavor-party in a Styrofoam cup.  They were not stingy with the meat at all.  The soup was not too watery but not too thick either.  I loved every spoonful.  What was missing though was some okra.  I think it would've made the dish even more complete.  I don't know if it usually comes with it, though.  Maybe they were out?  I really wanted to try out the Slap Yo' Mama Bread Pudding, but they had sold out : (.  Apparently, Circus Circus bought the whole batch earlier in the day, which is good for business I guess.  I'm still a little bitter about that - well, not really.   When I went, around 2pm, the fryer wasn't up and running yet, so I couldn't try out anything deep fried.  However, besides the lack of choices available that time, my experience here was pretty great.  The owner also stopped by to converse with us as well, so I found that as a nice gesture.  I will definitely be back to try out the other dishes, so hopefully everything will be up and running, and available. The place is located in a food court, right in the same corner of Walgreens, which is across CSN Charleston, on the southwest side.
2	The broth of the gumbo is the best I've ever tasted anywhere, but I'm afraid that's about the only good thing I can say about this restaurant. For staters, don't set your expectations too high. The restaurant is located in a small food court. You sit at community tables shared by the entire food court. Not a particularly good part of town. I wouldn't go there after dark. Your gumbo is served to you in a styrofoam cup. Tall and narrow. Hard to navigate. You eat with plastic utensils. The gumbo cup is filled with a lot of crab shell pieces which you need to crack open with the provided metal cracker utensil, but the pieces are too small to be opened. I tried to order a side of fried okra. They were out. Changed my side order to corn bread. Was told I've have to wait 30 min. for the bread to be prepared. Ordered red beans and rice instead. The beans were way overcooked.
5	I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! the food took me back to being in my mom's kitchen learning how to cook. I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and she is just as nice as her food is good...and that's saying a lot! I can't wait to bring my friends here, they are gonna love me even more!
2	We were told the gumbo here was amazing . . . . best in town.  And to Weeziana's credit, it is delicious, but it's super hot (as in spice!) and too hot to be enjoyable, in my opinion.  I've never been to a place that was out of so many things that seem to be a staple to their business/menu -- we're talking out of cornbread, hushpuppies and fries!!  No fries with my po'boy??  Seriously.The fried okra we had in place of hush puppies was ok - it was a little bland and tasted fried with batter, but needed some ooomph!   My mind (and my belly) were excited about the ice cream and caramel pecans for dessert . . . . but as luck would have it . . . "we're out of ice cream".  Really??The atmosphere lacks, so I thought the food would make up for it.  It's in a food court type setting with 4 or 5 other food eateries and tables in the center for all.  It's just not worth the time.  The owner is pleasant and very friendly - she came by to see if we were "ok" a few times.  I guess that's why I gave it 2 stars - I like customer service.  But I also like to be fed when I go out to eat. :)
4	We were greeted by the owner who was very nice and answered our questions. She was surprised that a pair of non locals had heard of this restaurant located in a fast food court. We each ordered a small cup of the Classic Creole Seafood Gumbo that is served in a styrofoam cup along with a spoon of rice. It included a few skinny snow crab legs that were not worth the bother plus chicken on the bone, sausage, fresh okra, shrimp, tomatoes and more. This proved to be the best tasting gumbo we have ever including while on visits to NOLA and Biloxi.Our visit would have been incomplete if we had skipped the Slap Yo Mama bread pudding. Ann prefers a more custard-like bread pudding, so I was "forced" to eat a little more than her.
4	I stumbled upon Weeziana while reading Desert Companion while getting coffee. I told my wife that there is a place that has excellently reviewed gumbo. Cajun based food is rare here in Vegas so we had to try. My wife and I along with our daughter went today and we are not disappointed. The gumbo was spicy and filled with lots of wonderful cajun style meats. I love spicy food so this was right up my alley. My wife had the Shrimp Po' Boy which was delicious as well. We talked with the owner and she was very nice lady. We told her we would write a review and invite friends so that is what  we are doing. Go check out this excellent food for a super affordable price! Next time I am getting a Po' Boy for myself along with some Slap Yo Mama Bread Pudding. I'll be back!
5	This is the best food in Vegas
1	Found this place on YELP and drove 20 miles to try it for lunch. Their pagesays they open at 11 AM. We arrived at 11:20 and went inside the food court.All the restaurants in the court were open except, of course, the one we wantedto eat at, Weeziana Gumbo. We could see that there were employees insidebut no one would open the serving window. I saw a way in and went insideasking when they would open. The cook says they open at noon. Well you needto change the hours on your webpage then because it says 11 AM.Now this guy might be the best cook in the world but I'll never find out becausehe's probably the worst businessman in the world. Instead of apologizinghe demanded I get out of his kitchen or he'd call the police.I have never heard of a restaurant that serves lunch opening at noon.I think this clown opens whenever he makes it to work. If you want to havelunch here I suggest you call first to see if they're open.
5	This place is truly amazing. I had the red beans and rice with a slice of cornbread and it was so good that it made me feel like I was in my grandmother's kitchen!!!! The service was as warm and wonderful as the food!!!!
3	Its use to be great but has since taken a step backwards. Tastes a lot like zatarains seasoning.  A lot of rice and very little gumbo.
5	So, read the reviews and stopped in three weeks ago. Excellent seafood gumbo. Came back to Vegas again and I had to get my gumbo fix again. This time I had the chicken gumbo. Excellent again!!!!! The people are friendly and the food is great and inexpensive for soul food. So, whenever I visit Vegas I'll be sure to visit Weezianas. Next time I'm going to get the small gumbo so I can try some dessert. I heard the bread pudding is really good. Oh, don't forget to get the sweet tea, free refills. Espie even offered to rerefill my sweet tea before I left. It's in a food court and it says food court on the outside of the building to help you find it. Cross streets are Torrey Pines and Charleston.
5	My father in law is from Louisiana and I've been fortunate enough to know what true soul foods taste like.  I've searched high and low in Vegas trying to find a place similar to my dad's cooking with no success. Tonight, my search is over!  We had Gumbo, shrimp Po Boy, fried and blackened pan seared cat fish, corn and the bomb Weezie sauce.  My taste bud was revitalized and craving has been satisfied.  The foods were seasoned to perfection as the way it should. This is true southern home cooking and hospitality!  Furthermore, they know the true meaning of customer service.  Keep up the great work. I will be your customer for life!
5	Fantastic, authentic seafood gumbo.  Chock full of shrimp, crawfish meat and, the best part, crablegs.  Corn bread was moist and amazing.  Their house sauce is perfect mix of sweet and spicy.  Get the fried corn.  I had never had this kind before and it was really good with the sauce.
5	5 STARS***** for the GUMBO! DELICIOUS!!!3.5 STARS for the Fried Catfish & fries. It was good but I've had better. The portion was a little small for big appetites but I was satisfied. No leftovers though.I'll definitely be back.
5	this place is awesome!! dee dee can throw down.......the best gumbo i've had in years and the fish is seasoned and fried to perfection. the staff is super friendly and helpful they make you feel right at home. i would suggest to try the seafood gumbo, fried fish crispy, also ask dee dee to hook you up with her secret cornbread salad with a glass of sweet tea. i traveled from los angeles to las vegas for the food at weeziana gumbo. can't wait to return so i can eat again lol. this restaurant catered a play i was in called: midnight cry and the whole cast raved over the food. please please please don't sleep on this place. lord knows once you have it you will keep coming back.
5	Shared the classic creole seafood gumbo, shrimp basket, fried okra and pecan pie with a friend. Hands down best gumbo i've had, great service too. Everything was fried fresh, shrimp and okra were delicious. Gumbo was super hearty, finished every last drop. Good food, dont miss it if you're I'm the area!
5	Homemade food using top notch ingredients and recipes passed down from great grandma. Fabulous gumbo with complex layers of flavor. Chicken gumbo without shellfish is available for those with preferences or shellfish allergies. The fried okra was the best I've ever had. The fried fish was stellar. And the owner also fixed us up some off-menu corn bread salad that I wish I could have finished but I was sooo full! I can't wait to return!This place absolutely rocks.
5	Holy shit, you guys. This place is the real deal.I usually don't use profanity, but this gumbo? Polite words don't cover how amazing it is.I took my BF on a foodie roadtrip to Louisiana last summer- the food is amazing, seafood and gumbo and boudin and crawfish, oh my! It's all phenomenal. But when we moved so far away, I gave up hope of having cajun food that good any time soon- but this place came up with a near-perfect score on the Yelp app, and I came within a week of moving to Vegas. From the outside, it's unimpressive and a bit odd- but don't let that stop you. You're here for FOOD, not ambiance.All I can say is, this gumbo is damn amazing. I ordered a large seafood gumbo to go, got home, and have barely made a dent in the order and am blown away. The portion is huge, and it's chock full of okra, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and crab- I'm pretty sure there's an ENTIRE crab in my container. I've counted two legs so far, and I'm only halfway through the entire order... Which probably isn't meant for one person, but they'll have to fight me for more than just a taste of this stuff!On top of the amazing food is amazing service- I believe I was helped by the owner herself, who made a minor mistake running my card manually, and then went above and beyond to fix the issue. Totally unnecessary, but thoroughly appreciated!Stellar food, spectacular service. Gonna be coming here pretty regularly- gonna have to grab some sweet potato pie next time! Maybe I'll make Sundays my unofficial Louisiana appreciation days- they're open noon to 4PM!
5	Impressive! Don't let the location detour you. The food was exceptional and the customer service is even better. I was welcomed by the owner like I was an old friend. The gumbo was satisfying and the corn bread was better than my Mom's cornbread! The owner brought out a sample of her fried shrimp and corn. I know what I'll be ordering next time.
5	OMG! All I have to say is move over M&M, Miss DeeDee is in the house!!  The seafood gumbo is AMAZING and each bite is packed with a punch.  Fried Okra is the best I've ever had, fried catfish just melts in your mouth and the SLAP YO MOMMA Bread pudding makes you say 'dayyyuum this sh** is good". Miss DeeDee made us feel like family with her southern hospitality.  Miss DeeDee, please don't  change your recipes or substitute the ingredients, everything is PERFECT!  Comfort food at it's finest!!
5	a friend first brought me here, been coming back since then!! that gumbo was just amazing!!!
5	Best catfish EVER in Vegas. They also offer a couple of unique appetizers. A fried mini bread stick and fried corn on the cob. The corn used the same breading as the catfish so was spectacular. Sweet tea was good with free refills. Oh and the seafood gumbo - amazing! A slight spice and great pieces of crab leg inside.To top it off, the main cook is such a delightful lady! 10 star service to my girlfriend and I! Will be back again for more catfish...
4	Great Louisiana food. Catfish was tasty and well prepared.  The seafood gumbo (with real crab legs) was also excellent.
3	Preface:  my mother is from Louisiana and I spent much time all over the state growing up and later as an adult.  I LOVE and actively seek out Cajun cuisine where ever I go.I visited this establishment while in the area for business.  I looked up some reviews and decided to give it a try.I ordered catfish and red beans w rice.  The fish looked great but was very tough and chewy.   Had a good taste but weird texture.I did not care for the red beans as they were watery and had little spice.I may come again to try the gumbo but not anytime soon.
2	It was all hype!  As with most African American owned restaurants overpriced and short on substance.  The fried okra had great flavor but was undercooked and left it greasy.  The fries were horrible soggy and greasy!  The fish had good seasoning but was very chewy almost like fish jerky!  And the Seafood Gumbo was good but I'm still searching for some seafood!   PLEASE GIVE YOUR CUSTOMERS WHAT THEY ARE WILLING TO PAY FOR!  I will be trying your competitor Mamas Boy Cafe next time.  I'm a native Las Vegan looking for consistency in southern cuisine.
4	Sooo they jumbo supper bomb ...prices are just right but ...I've been a fan for a year now the owner is really sweet n nice. The fish yum yum yum the sweet tea always a buy plus free refills ...when I want fish instead of going to marios this is the place ;*)
1	I'm not sure what happened to this place. Did you guys get New management or new cook? The last couple of times the place wasn't opened. Then when I went up there again I got the gumbo and it just wasn't the same. That's why I wanted to know if you guys got a new cook. Then I went there today and it's closed once again. No sign or nothing saying why. I really love this place, but your going to lose a lot of business if you don't get business in order. There were other customers along with myself who were waiting around after 11am and no one showed up. I ended up going to Lola's and it was great!!!
5	This was the first time I have ever tried Gumbo and it was delicious!! And the fish was awesome as well. And not only that, the staff was very very nice and accomodating.
5	I have driven past this place many times and never thought there was any business in the building until recently. The building itself is nothing to look at however when you walk inside you will see that there are several places to eat at. It looks like a food court just like the sign says.We ordered the seafood gumbo and the seafood platter (catfish, shrimp, crab and hush puppies) from Weeziana Gumbo & More. It was delicious especially with the Weezi Sauce. We will definitely be back to try the other food they have.
5	Hidden gem indeed! The catfish was the best I've ever had. Gumbo was delicious and the don't skimp on the seafood. They deserve their high ratings. Walking in , I was a little skeptical but was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. My friends went to the other eateries in this food court and enjoyed their food as well. Will be back!
5	First time here and customer is an A+. Lady was very nice to serve us. It's located inside Internet cafe food court. It's my first time trying soul food and I would love to come back for more for the catfish, it's too die for. Also their sweet tea is real good !!!!
5	I have driven and walked passed this place for so long and eventually i came by with my boyfriend and we were both shocked at how internationalized it was. There was a few other places inside the cafe but Weeziana was out of this world - PHENOMENAL! The service and people were great and i just loved, LOOOVED there sweet tea and banana bread pudding/pie. There Gumbo and Red beans n' rice, cornbread were just soooo satisfying!!! I crave there food almost everyday. No joke. I couldn't be anymore happier with this cafe (:
5	Great food and great folks! We really enjoyed ourselves at Weeziana gumbo and more.  My wife had the Shrimp Po-Boy that was overflowing with shrimp and sprinkled with their Weezisauce. The sauce is sorta like a removable but spicier and better. I had the fish basket (sole) with fries and Weeziana and a small seafood gumbo with shrimp crab and lobster. This was a good bowl of gumbo with a nice dark roux. It was our first time their and everyone behind the counter treated us like family. (No, the good way) The meal for both of us was just under $25. BONUS! The only thing that they need is a bigger sign so you can find them. They are in a food court next to a car wash. I highly recommend this place.
5	Got to try for first time and definitely not disappointed.   Had a chance to to sample all the poboys along with their classic gumbo.  Definitely will return Friendly and great serbice.
5	Just finished eating here and my oh my! I only have nothing but good reviews for them. I'm from CA and moved to Vegas 3 years ago and always look for the best southern food. Usually, any restaurant we go to for southern food, it can be pricey. This place has the best priced food and the quality is great!! Words cannot really explain how amazing the food is because you have to try it yourself! The service is amazing as well and they are all very nice. This is my new go to southern food spot for sure! Thank goodness I over tipped them a little bit before I even recieved my food. They are so very welcoming! I have already referred my friends to try out this hidden little gem. I know they will not be disappointed.
5	Hands down the best gumbo I have ever tasted. The location may be hard to find at first, but once you do, you will have struck gold. I highly recommend trying the Weezy Corn and classic Gumbo. At the prices this place sells them, I'll be coming back again soon. Not to mention the outstanding service and caring attitude shown by the entire staff. Definitely a Must for anyone craving delicious, authentic food straight from Louisiana.
4	Had a very satisfying meal!  The owner, Espy puts a lot of passion and love in the food.  Everything is made to order so there's a bit of a wait.  Had the seafood gumbo, fried catfish, fried okra, sweet potato pie and a touch of their bread pudding of the day, banana.  Her hot sauce is delicious and the fried okra and fried fish were really great.  Very generous with the seafood in the gumbo and the sweet potato pie was a great finish!  Staff was attentive and thoughtful.  All very affordable!
5	I have had Gumbo from so many prople but this Gumbo was by far exceptionally good...I have given it a shout out on Facebook and hope people will vis I t..When I called back to give kudos to Chef John I had the pleasure of speaking to the owner who gave me the history of the Gumbo. Thank you so much.
5	Great food and great service. Love their gumbos and fried okra! Prices are very reasonable as well.
4	Stopped by here on the way home from work as I was feeling a little Southern cookin' and I wasn't disappointed when I got home.Something to consider if you're looking for a place to go out to eat at.  It's in a Food Court setting and the AC unit for the whole place was down so it being summer in Vegas it was HOT!  Thank goodness I lived nearby and wasn't planning on staying to eat.Regardless, should I have the cravin' for some Cajun I'll be coming back
5	Twice in my life I have had to make vocal sounds with every single bite of food and THIS place had me doing that because the food was JUST THAT INCREDIBLE!!!! I had the fried catfish and WOW! I haven't had food like this since I moved from New Orleans. If I lived closer I'd be there way too much for my jeans to fit but it would be worth it. If you want great food, you will find it here. And now I'm going to cut this review short... so I can get in my car and drive to Weeziana's!
