1	I love Korean food and have ate at a lot of Korean restaurants.. This is by far the worst Korean restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is horrible, the service is just as bad. Server didn't know the difference between one soup from another. They charged a soup dish $10 bucks that would be free at any other Korean restaurant. No wonder the place was empty like a ghost town. Will never eat here again..
4	First of all, our reviews and ratings all depend on how well this place meets or exceeds our expectations for that given moment and situation. If my situation was to entertain a customer or a "out of town" guest with the best authentic korean food, my rating would be perhaps a two, only because of the "five star" places i have experienced in LA and Seoul. But understand that those are different situations.I was once traveling to Indiana with a Korean customer, and after days of great American food, he couldn't take it any longer and begged me for any kind of Korean "Tang" or soup. This was before days of cellular phones, so i looked in the white pages and found a Korean last name. I called them and explained my emergency, and was able to get a name of a place where we could remotely order anything that was even close to what my customer needed, (Korean Soup!)Once there, the place wasn't even a Korean restaurant, and the lady was happy to see a couple of Koreans. She agreed to go off the menu (it was like a regular diner) and made us two Yook-Gae-Jang (). To describe this, it was not even close to our wildest expectations, as it was a modified american vegetable soup with tabasco and other hot spices. It fell short of our minimum expectations, as the dish itself was not in the definition of the name. But even so, we were thankful for the over priced vegetable soup with extra spices.20 or so years ago, Vegas was kind of like that experience in Indiana. You would be thankful to be able to eat Korean food, let alone Korean food that met expectations.Now, we have a substantial population of Koreans and even seem to have a Korean Supermarket.So, back to my story. I came from LA area to attend a trade show for my wife. We brought our two teenage, American born girls to stay during the business trip. We ate the Buffets, the waffles, tacos, etc. but now needed some "Soul recharging" Korean Basics 101. I ordered some Bibimbap, Omrice (for the kids), Ttuk mandoo kuk, Sun tofu soup, and took it back to our hotel room. In one word, everyone was satisfied to a five star level. Was it the best Korean food ever?  For our situation and circumstance, it exceeded our needs. If i just arrived in Las Vegas from LA, we might say it just satisfied our needs. But after tonight's weary conditions, we are recharged!Hungry and tired, I guess I could have driven around Spring Mt. Road a few more times, as in search for the Holy Grail of Korean foods, but with a mob of hungry and tired mouths in the back seat, I am glad I made the decision to order to go, and eat back in our room with a hotel movie.It's the smiles and looks of satisfied stomachs that acknowledged me to be once again, the "Man" of our cave, and perhaps the possibility of running to be the leader of the Clan someday.As for the movie we watched for $16.99 in our room ? (One that is currently renting for $1.20 on Red Box) . . . Did I tell you about the time ...
3	I hate to just give 3 stars to new opening restaurants. But this place just didn't have anything to excite me. We had ginseng chicken soup, Bibimbap and cold bean soup noodle. Everything tasted very bland. Ginseng chicken soup tasted almost like water. It was much needed to be cooked longer!!! Each one of us got complimentary cold ginger drink after the meal. It was refreshing and smooth. I will probably give it a second chance after several months. Hopefully, I can find something yummy to feed my tummy.
5	The menu has a variety of different dishes which I liked to begin with. The service was friendly and the portions were quite good.  But best of all, the food was great! I think we've found our new place to eat Korean food when in Vegas!Sometimes when I see 1 star reviews, I can't help but think it might just be a competitor! Was he at the right restaurant? LOL.
4	Had the sea snails and hot bibimbap. Food and sides were great. I lived in korea for a year and this was by far the most authentic korean restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas both for its food and atmosphere. The portions are large as well. The only thing that brings it down a star for me os that the waitress did not return to check on us very much after we received our food. Hope to try several more dishes in the future.
1	I would just like to preface my review with the fact that I LOVE KOREAN FOOD.  I am huge fan of Korean food actually.  My family ended up coming here because we couldn't get a table at Monta Ramen and we were really hungry.  The outside of this restaurant is filled with PICTURES of food.  The name said DELICIOUS, so we said, "why not.  Let's do it!" THAT WAS THE BIGGEST MISTAKE WE MADE THAT NIGHT! I got the Oxtail Soup.  They gave me a side of salt and I was wondering why.  Well, when my soup came, it was sizzling hot, and tasted like hot water.  No amount of the salt made that soup taste like ANYTHING.  The bibimbap barely had any meat.  THIS WAS THE WORST Korean restaurant I have ever been to.  The food had no flavor whatsoever.  I returned the soup because I was outraged that a soup would have NO TASTE! She said it was because it was just the bone that they boil and I was supposed to put a red sauce on it.  I just wanted a soup and I don't care where in the world you go, a soup is supposed to have flavor in it! It was the most absurd thing.  After I returned my soup, our waitress NEVER came back to our table, yet we see her sitting with other patrons and chitchatting with them and we had to actually walk up to the front to get our check.  It was absurd to name a place DELICIOUS and have no flavor in the food they serve.  STUPID PLACE!
1	This is not Korean food. Bad taste for expensive price. Never coming back, ever. please do not come here.
1	Food? Delicious? Korean? Yeah right. This place serves the most disgusting food. Its not food for humans, its food for dogs!!! !!!.....
4	Great service, a variety of side dishes that they promptly refill, and good Korean food.My friend who just moved from Korea says it's his favorite restaurant so I suppose it is authentic enough!
3	This is a good Korean craving fix.  It was the first place I found I wanted to go back to.  This is home style cooking, very generous with banchan, but the menu is a little hit and miss.  It really depends on what you're up for. This place is a little on the pricey side for the bbq, and I prefer the other non bbq foods when I come here. The kalbi is standard, the bulbogi is a little chewy and watery.  The osanbulgogi (spicy stir fried pork belly and octopus) and eemyunsoo gui are spot on.  The Korean sea food here is a win.   I recommend the yukgaejang and kalbitangs here too.
2	I'm not the world's hugest Korean food fan, but if you have the word "delicious" in your name, I expect to taste more than just kimchee and banchan. I love banchan, don't get me wrong, but the glossy food photos outside didn't really compare to the main dishes actually received here.First of all, sticker shock. I wasn't there for KBBQ (but maybe I should have changed my mind), but everything was like $25/dish. Pork and octopus stirfry was mostly kimchee with red sauce over a scant amount of octopus, a few other pieces of various seafood, and some other unidentifiable protein that must have been the pork.I gave the main dish to my guy and stuck to the sides: broccoli, pineapple, beansprouts, and daikon prepared various tasty ways. Oh, plus more kimchee. You know, if you hadn't had enough already.Now I know why this is the only restaurant in this plaza that never, ever has a wait. I'm just curious as to how they afford the rent, since no one ever seems to go in here, they have so few reviews, and no one was here during a super-busy night when I was, either.
2	I came here with my family during lunch time this Friday afternoon. We were craving Korean food before we go grocery shopping at Greenland. I suggested that we should go to a Korean ayce bbq on Spring Mtn. (like Honey Pig, or Tofu Hut) but since we were on the cross-street S. Decatur we decided to go to the plaza this restaurant is located in anyways.The food was okay, nothing special or "delicious" as the restaurant name says. It was just eatable. We ordered their ojingeo bokkeum (some squid dish), hot bibimbap, and tofu soup. Their bibimbap was so plain :( I definitely had better bibimbap at other Korean restaurants I've been to. Their bibimbap really lacked flavor. The only thing I liked was their handful of banchan, especially the kimchi and pickled daikon. The restaurant itself is very spacious and clean, a lot of tables and seats. I think it is one of the biggest restaurants in the whole plaza and we were the only ones eating there. It's the only restaurant in this plaza without a wait and now I can see why. Now, if we went to Monta Ramen or Curry Zen around this time it would be packed! I seriously still wonder how this place even affords rent in Chinatown. The owner who served us spoke really good English and was nice though. +1Our total came out to be about $60 for three of us, which is pretty steep considering the food wasn't that good. Generous portions but I'd rather have quality over quantity. Even ayce bbq tastes better and can have more variety! We definitely could of had better food at a cheaper price somewhere else nearby. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
1	TRASHdduk bbok ki.. shibal noma..  .
