4	I prefer gambling downtown to the strip usually, and I still like Main Street even though I haven't really won there in a while. I like the atmosphere so much better because it's well-lit, has vaulted ceilings in the casino, and is usually pretty lively. The dealers and pit bosses are always great too. If I'm going to lose my money, which I have a bad habit of doing, chances are it's going to be here!
5	My favorite downtown casino hands-down for the old cowboy western theme!!!  It has high vaulted ceilings with beautiful 19th century details and original Parisian chandeliers.  It feels like stepping back in time at this casino.Easy access from the California Hotel via the sky tunnel after a hearty and satisfying meal at Aloha Specialties (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/wpnLPAnkMEb1NpC3xiD_qg ).#215
4	Main Street Station is a great new addition to downtown.  Although I love the feeling of all the old places, it's a newer hotel/casino that lends a little bit of a modern feel to the place (despite its old facade) and, I don't know, makes the area around the buses seem less seedy, perhaps?First of all, the buffet here is the best in town.  I have a lot of out of town visitors come through and most of them want to hit up a buffet and this is where I always bring them.  No buffet is really GREAT in my opinion, it's just gluttony, but this one at least tries.  Their brunches are pretty darned good, especially if you're in said gluttonous mood.I never really feel like Main Street is part of the Station Casinos family, too.  That's awesome because I never feel like I'm going to be bowled over by some soda-fueled kid running out of a movie theatre or the Kid's Quest We'll Babysit Your Brats Funtime Extravaganza.  There's also a microbrewery!  The Triple 7 Microbrewery is a brewery and restaurant that serves traditional American fare with a Sushi bar and a few different microbrews for the sampling.  If you're a man, don't miss the restroom with the urinals mounted on a slab of the Berlin wall, graffiti still intact.
5	There was nothing wrong with this place, we loved it. Definitely our favorite casino/buffet in terms of atmosphere. It's really beautiful and doesn't feel fake like almost all the other hotel/casinos.Even if you ignore the low price, it's arguably one of the best buffets. If you consider the price, it's unbeatable.
1	Yikes. So, the first room I checked into had black mold on the ceiling of the bathroom.  The room they switched me into had a malfunctioning A/C unit that didn't work, but did leak water all over the carpet.  The 3rd room was actually in decent condition, but was about 200 feet from the interstate.  The gaming floor is limited, but the dealers were pretty nice.
4	Great value! The hotel is clean, great theme, nice staff, love the wood and decor in the lobby.The rooms are spacious and the beds are VERY comfy, I kid you not.You do have to walk some to actually get to the Fremont Street Experience, but believe me its not a big deal, it has a bridge that connects you to the California (sisteer property) and from there its even less, don't worry about walking in the night, at least for me it wasn't a problem.If you can, I recommend getting the Las Vegas Advisor's Pocketbook of values, it has a bunch of great coupons, including a 2-for-1 stay at MSS (Mon-Thur).
5	their breakfast/brunch buffet is the 1 thing i have to do each time i visit vegas. not only is it inexpensive but it's almost always easy to find a seat. i love that the buffet area is large and well lit, with natural light. i love that the selection is ENORMOUS and that the waiters and waitresses are so attentive. simply the best!! (see you soon, buffet. i fly to vegas today!!)
4	Old School locals' gambling downtown! We walk over the sky-bridge from The Cal, and enter Main Street Station on the second floor of the Casino, and take the escalator down. Every single time I do this, I am wowed and amazed by the look and the feel of the Main Street. Gorgeous old wood and chandeliers, really fair video poker, decent table games and slots.  Every time I walk in, I feel like I'm home, and I should never leave. Then 100% of the time, I proceed to lose my ass. I don't what it is, just luck, cycles or whatever, but I've never won a damn thing at the Main Street.  In fact, I don't just not win, I lose, and lose quickly! Sometimes I barely have time to go to the men's room to check out the piece of the Berlin Wall they have in there before I have to leave Main Street for friendlier gaming confines.  What is weird is that the games, specifically the video poker, are really fair there. I just don't have the karma. I love the fact that they have football on flat screens above the gaming pit.  The buffet has been sound in the past, but on this past trip (Dec 07) we found it wanting. Could have just been a slow week though.  We do avoid the sport/brew pub restaurant there, as we have never enjoyed a meal there. The brew pub part is great though, decent beers, but they can be enjoyed at huge marble bar in the casino too. You can tell you are in a pretty good and fair place, when lots of the casino workers will show up in the Main Street after their shifts at other places downtown.  Very pretty, and funny waitresses their too, but usually I can't last at the machines or tables long enough to get more than one drink. I give the Main Street four stars, because they seemingly do nearly everything right.  I just wish I could afford to hang their more.
4	Cool old spot!  The gambling is decent as far as downtown standards go.  Lots of really cool antique furnishings, ornate decorations, etc.. gives you a real old school feel.  Old trains are outside the hotel all painted in the appropriate period.  The lobby is completely finished in wood with antique slot machines on display.  In the main casino floor mens' bathroom is the berlin wall, a real piece from it!  you can say you've pissed on the berlin wall!The MSS is pretty reasonable, I had a $79 weekend rate. Very quick check in, friendly staff.  Walk to the check in to the elevators is the shortest walk in vegas i've ever seen (like 15 feet).  The rooms were very clean, tastefully decorated, slightly updated with new paint and fixtures.   Nothing too fancy but not too ordinary.  Had a room on the 8th floor facing away from Fremont.  I've heard people complain about noise from the nearby train tracks but I didn't hear any.  Very close to everything on downtown, easy parking.  Didn't eat the brewpub, but it looked very cool.. great place to watch a game too!  Ate in the buffet which is great, see my other review on it.  The main bar in the casino is great and ornate like the rest of the place.. $1 margaritas around the clock, which is amaaaazing.  Wierd thing about this place is the valet is on the far side of the hotel, and the lobby is on the self park side.  Ordinarily I tell people its a great idea to valet your car in vegas, but not here.. Self park is much closer to the hotel elevators than theirs.  And not sure whats up with the influx of Hawaiian visitors and employees.. Both the MSS and the Cal (across the street) are always filled with Hawaiians.. not sure what thats about but interesting (when do you ever see native Hawaiians? well im from Boston so never)Anyway, no trip to Vegas is complete without a stop downtown..  And MSS is a cheap alternative when rates are high on the strip.  And leave your kids at home, kids should not be allowed here yet every time I go I see strollers everywhere.. Leave em at home or bring your kids to disney, jerks!
5	This is one of  my favorites downtown, along with the Golden Nugget.  Main Street Station is a small casino hotel within walking distance of the Fremont Experience.  Though the establishment is small, they offer a good variety of slots and your standard pit games of craps, roulette, three card poker, black jack, etc.  If you do ANY gambling there, get the players club card.  You will receive room and food comps based liberally on your play.  Once you walk inside the casino, is a cozy, welcoming decor furnished with a lot of fine antiques and elaborate wood work.The standard rooms are clean and well-furnished!  I personally think they are as nice as Golden Nugget's standard rooms.  And I think that tells you something, since the Nugget boasts to be the best casino hotel downtown.Though we've only eaten at the buffet, we've frequented it numerous times; several times for breakfast, brunch, and once for dinner.  The breakfasts and brunches are excellent!  There are (on weekends) eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, made to order omelets (made w/REAL eggs cracked right in front of you), ham, bacon, sausage, corned beef hash, breakfast casserole, sausage gravy, biscuits, fruits, grits, oatmeal, pastries, pasta salads, kalua pork (not good here), mexican breakfast selections, asian (breakfast?), and of course a variety of drinks your server will bring you.The night we went for the dinner buffet was a Thursday.  I think Thursdays are still their filet and shrimp scampi nights?  The filet was good and tasty but not great.  Good enough to get seconds though.  The scampi I was told was good.  The dinner buffets have as big of a selection as the breakfast buffets do, so there will DEFINITELY be something for even the pickiest of eaters to certainly ENJOY.  To make a long story short, THIS IS A VERY GOOD BUFFET for the modest prices.  Main Street certainly is one of my favorites in all of Vegas.
4	We went here on the recommendation of family.  WOW, this place is a hidden gem!  We went to the brewery/pub.  They have all of their own beers on tap.  We got the sampler to start with.  For $4.50 you get 6 8oz beers!  They were all pretty good.  We wound up getting 2 22oz seasonal beers (kind of like a Sam White Ale).  My fiance got a salad and I got a burger.  The food was very tasty and came out quickly.  The menu was pretty large, and it includes the usual bar fare.  The prices were EXTREMELY reasonable.  Once you get away from the strip, the prices drop.  If you take the bus (Deuce) to Freemont and then walk to the top of Freemont, take a right and you will see this place.  Easily walkible.
4	best buffet in Vegas! the selection of food was vast and everything looked and was very appetizing!  another plus, they are super cheap! i think it's like 7.95 a person? wow! that's definitely a good deal! everything i have eaten there is good, from their breakfast buffet to ribs at lunch. fantastic! plus, afterwords its nice to take a stroll through downtown, the old strip!
4	In past experience, I've come to stop trusting $7.99 Prime Rib Dinner Meals or $1.99 Steak and Eggs promotions, because it always ended up with me regretting every minute of the disastrous meal. So when half of the people I went to Vegas with suggested a $7.99 prime rib dinner, you could imagine my lack of enthusiasm. But I thought to myself, when in vegas, right? So I reluctantly agreed, and prepped myself for the meal (by consuming a little alcohol) and sat with the lowest of expectations.As I perused the menu, it offered sushi and oysters (which really scared me), typical pub food like nachos and pizzas, and of course, their famous prime rib. The table ordered chicken nachos, I had a cup of chili and the prime rib. I don't know if I was just really hungry or a little buzzed, but the nachos were decent, the chili was pretty tasty (with plenty of shredded beef with a scoop or both sour cream and guac on top), and the most surprising part of the meal was the prime rib. The portion was HUGE, not overcooked (a really beautiful pink), that came with a baked potato, green beans, au jus, and horseradish that would "put hair on a man's chest." Someone once told me that the quality of prime rib places can be measured by the type of horseradish they offer. If they offer that creamy, mayo CRAP, then you can probably expect leather on a plate. Now, the prime rib I had was actually really good, the horseradish was  yum-o, AND it had a price that could not be beat. The quality was good enough that if it were served at a regular restaurant in CA (and charged $25), I would have been equally satisfied.  The potato and green beans were crap, but other than that, it was a pretty delicious meal. You could order the half size ($7.95 for a 1/2 lb)  or the king size ($13.95 for a full pound), but I could barely eat a 1/3 of my own. All in all, it was good that I came in with low expectations, because it was a pretty delicious. would come here again for a tasty and affordable meal!
3	This is for the casino only as we did not, nor have I ever stayed here:No poker room (never have had one), cleaner than most of the casino's downtown and well maintained. We played blackjack here and won a bit so that was fun. This seems to be a place that caters to lots and lots of Hawaiian visitors who are big gamblers, so that can be fun to watch as well.Not sure what the rooms are like upstairs but I do know they don't do reservations on the interweb.
4	Yep, this is one of the best buffet place among a thousand other Vegas casino buffet.   It was cheap as well.  I would come back again :) good food, cheap price, I can't expect more from Vegas buffets :)
4	We stay downtown when in Vegas, usually at the Nugget.  When we want a great buffet at a very reasonable price or a late night dinner, we go over to the Station.  You have two eating venues in the casino proper and both have very good quality food, varied menus and decent service.  There's a micro brewery in the non-buffet venue with a good variety taster deal of 5 brews for about $6.
4	Old School.  It's been many a moon since I've stayed downtown... On this trip out, my usual spot Red Rock was sold out.  Bummer dude.  We were rolling into town with a fair number of heads so we opted to stay over at the Main Street Station.  $54 just couldn't be passed up, plus I know they have decent food around, and a few from our group were visiting from Germany and had never been to Vegas before.  The rooms were decent... actually, quite better than decent for the price.  The gambling also went quite good in our favor overall, so you can't beat that.  =)  I like that you can walk across the bridge to get your Spam Musubi fix, and that the tables usually aren't over crowded.  Plus the whole of Fremont street is a short 2 minute walk away so there's even more old school Vegas debauchery to be had without cabbing it.
4	Everytime I am downtown the Main Street Station is a must.  I enjoy the victorian charm of the hotel and all the antiquities.  I find the casino and public areas to be very enjoyable.  I have never stayed here, so can't comment on the rooms.There is a good selection of video poker in the casino, including the main bar along the back wall.  All the dealers and staff that I encountered were helpful and friendly.  The genuinely seemed to appreciate their customers.  Cocktail service was fine and generally prompt.  We are fans of the buffet for dinner (T-bone steak night) at an affordable price, and the Triple 7 Brew Pub has great food and service as well.Main Street Station is only a block or two away from Fremont Street, so it's within very easy walking distance.  A great place to play!
4	I love it! This and the California are a must-visit for me when I go to Fremont St. Everything is cheap and laid back. We went on a Sunday night and had a blast, and returned Monday to have the place practically to ourselves. There area alot of Hawaiian guests and dealers, which I think is a nice coincidence. It's quite noticeable, though. Our (Caucasian) dealer even said "so, you guys aren't Hawaiian." Ha ha! Super chill and no-frills place. The waitress even remembered our drink order from the night before.
4	The buffet is decent.  They have a large variety of different ethnic foods like chinese (only the chowmein is good), mexican (i dont think much of its good), american/grill- i loooved the hotwings they were a bit on the really hot side but they reminded me of like a cheaper version of wingstops atomic hot- pretty damn good.  They have meats like sausage and ham that can be cut, a salad bar, italian type food (not so great) and some soups.  The mushroom soup is really good here (very thick for a reason). The desert bar is also a must try, it has many different pies and other interesting deserts that i've never even seen before.  The servers are nice and attentive -- most of the times, and they are friendly.  They have a wide variety of drinks like oj and other juices to soda. Pretty decent buffet for the price (for lunch at least).  Always one of my first buffets while staying in vegas.
3	Main Street Station is a very nice and for the most part - a quiet casino on the north portion of the downtown Vegas area.The hotel is nice, nothing fancy.Small bathrooms are located in rooms with an older Vegas decor.The beds are old .........The hotel service is friendly, the people are nice.The dining choices are excellent.The Garden Court buffet is one of the very best in vegas, and for the price would need to be considered as one of the very, very best. The buffet room is open, airy and relaxing. The Triple 7 brew pub does a supurb job with their microbrews. The Pullman grille is a fine dining treat.The Main Street caters to an older crowd, and the casino has set up an extensive Hawaii / Vegas tour package.A nice feature of the hotel is that the self parking is quite close to the hotel entrance and makes you check in quite fast.The casino is a frienldly place and I have done moderately well playing the slots and table games.Main street Station is a nice place if you aare looking for a quiet comfortable get away  .........and it is close to the world famous Fremont Street Experience.(where there is something new and unusual each and every night)Nice ..................
4	I just stayed at the Main Street Station for the first time this weekend. I come over this way to eat at the Triple 7 Brewery located inside the casino, and to gamble, but I had never stayed here. Im glad we did! The room was a cut above the normal Downtown room. Large, spacious and very well maintained! I dont think I've ever stayed at a hotel and been happy with the shower, but this time was the first! Hot water instantly, and the pressure was great! I'll be staying here again!
4	The downtown area is always packed with Hawaiians, so I'm naturally attracted there instead of the Strip.Not being a gambler, I look for creature comforts while here.  Came for a reunion held at the California Hotel, so having that overstreet walkway to the California Hotel is so convenient.  My Main Street room was above average; the buffet's damned good; service personnel helpful and excellent.  What more could you ask for?Being deaf in one ear, my only hangup was missing several elevators because I didn't see the fifth elevator on the other side of the remaining four.  Dumb me.Highly recommended.  After reading some of the reviews, my next to-do is have the prime rib.BONUS:  the free wi-fi in the Players Club next to Registration.
5	The Main Street is a hidden treasure.     We've been to Vegas more than 100 times (5-6 times a year) so we've seen all the hoopla on the strip we need to see.  We've been pampered at Bellagio and schmoozed at Venitian in the past but the price of those services isn't worth it (IMO).  The MSS will give you some bang for your buck and win or lose, you'll go home feeling like you didn't get fleeced.     The rooms at MSS are nice and a good deal by Las Vegas standards (ours were comped and we're not high rollers).  Keep in mind this isn't the Bellagio nor is it on the strip.  These are decent rooms in downtown Las Vegas that you'll find to be clean and comfortable. The casino is the best in town for craps players with 20X odds.  Blackjack has good rules too.   We don't play slots but I hear they're decent.  The casino is small, well lit and well ventilated which is another plus.If  you'd like a change of pace, The Cal is a short walk via enclosed walkway over N. Main St.   **Sidenote: The ice cream/ coffee shop just off the walkway is great and the exotic ice cream flavors are delicious.  I had a double scoop waffle cone (macadamia nut praline) with a large coffee while my wife had a single scoop waffle cone (pineapple coconut)  and it only cost  $8.25.  Try finding a deal like that on the strip. The 777 restaurant is very good and priced to suit anyone.   I don't drink but hear the brews are fantastic.  The buffet is also good, no complaints on either one as far as I am concerned.   Good food at good prices, plain and simple.  The only downside to MSS is there is no room service or a coffee shop.  No big deal as we just take our own traveling coffee maker and the problem is solved.  If you can wait til 10:00AM for coffee, there is good coffee at the aforementioned ice cream/coffee shop.  Another big PLUS is there aren't many strollers or young kids.  There ARE a lot of Hawaiians but we find the Hawaiian people friendly and pleasant (like Texans) and a lot of fun to gamble with.   It's also nice to be treated respectfully by all the staff.   We've stayed at hotels all up and down the strip and at The Orleans for three years straight (2005-08)  but we have found a winner in the MSS.  We'll be staying here a long time to come.UPDATE:  The ice cream/coffee shop (Lamberts?) opens at 6:00AM now so we no longer take our coffee maker.
4	Been coming here since hubby made me a Vegas regular in the late 90s.  Yes, it's not the longest buffet with endless choices, but it's still decent and the quality of the food is good.  The service is friendly and who cares about the decor?  The food is decent.  However, at this most recent visit here, the enchiladas were a bit dry and we were one of the first ones at the buffet expecting the first run to be fresh. The vegetable egg rolls and taquitos are crispy, not soggy and greasy.  The fish dishes are good too.  Couldnt comment on the roast since I didnt try it this time.   At this buffet, crab legs are not offered, so if that's what you're looking for, better specifically look for a seafood buffet.  But it you're looking for good buffet food at a decent price, this is the place.  As far as desserts go, there's nice variety.  I'd skip the bread pudding and check out the Golden Nugget version.  I couldnt decide between the cannoli or the pecan pie and opted for the latter.   Coffee is weak but that's true for all the Vegas restaurants we've been to.
4	Stepping into Main Street Station, I was half expecting to see Undine Spragg step out of the pages of Edith Wharton's THE CUSTOM OF THE COUNTRY - indeed, the casino is a chock full of bric a brac from the auctions of Gilded Age robber barons and the nouveaux riches, with antique stained glass windows and skylights, and richly carved walls, moldings and ceilings. The Venetian and the Bellagio, though awesome in their size and opulance, could not compete with the classy elegance of the woodwork and stained glass, which makes the Main Street Station unique in its own way.The white marble bar at the rear of the casino, in my opinion, is the MOST beautiful bar in all of Las Vegas, with it's brass boar's head and brass maidens decorating the back wall, like something you would expect to see at one of the Vanderbilt mansions in Newport.  You will want to get a drink at this bar and you won't need a credit card to pay for it. Down a passage lined with mirrors and risque nineteenth century paintings of female nudes (think of Ingre's Grande Odalisque), the men's lavatory features a section of the Berlin Wall.  It's a gritty block of stone, with trademark grafitti, and a plaque hanging above the urinals.  This is why I love the Main Street Station and why I will back.
3	The lesser known, but as popular brother of the the California Hotel & Casino is connected by a bridge. I like playing at Main Street Station a bit more, not sure why it is. Maybe it's because when I have to relieve myself I can stare at part of the Berlin Wall in the men's bathrooms. Maybe their next thing should be to ask Mufi if they can have a piece of the Waikiki Natatorium War Memorial and put it in the women's restroom? Eh, maybe not.It's way cheaper to stay downtown than on The Strip. The rooms aren't too bad, but what are you doing in the rooms anyways?! 99% of the time you'll be downstairs playing craps, 21, or pai gow! It used to be way too smokey in here, but they've cleaned it up a bit in recent years. I like how large it feels inside and the fact that it doesn't make you feel too close to the other tables around you. It feels more like a Reno or Lake Tahoe casino, than a Vegas one which I enjoy at times.
5	This place is just awesome!  I didn't stay here or even eat here......yet.  We just walked through the place to check out somewhere new.  It was probably the coolest place I ever saw in my life!  I love antiques and interesting things and there are plenty of both here.  It is so cool to just walk through.  There are so many unusual things here.  It's a neat place to check out!
5	We ate here at the Brewery with a party of 8. We were seated immediately and the waitress even split our bill 6 ways with no extra cost. The food was fantastic. I had the prime rib dinner for $8.95 and an oyster platter for $8. The prime rib was perfect and the oysters were very flavorful. WAAYYY better than the Planet Hollywood buffet. Next time I go to Vegas I'm definitely hitting this place again. No complaints whatsoever.
5	After a nasty stay at the 4 Queens I moved to this joint.WOW SUNLIGHT IN THE ROOMS AND THEY ARE BIG AND AMAZING AND I COULD WATCH EFFIN' TNT AND STUFF.Oh and the BREAKFAST BUFFET WAS A MERE 6.99 BUX and cool as HELL. Don't miss the Omelet Dude - he's a SLICE of MAGIC. then the most BEAUTIFUL THING HAPPENED in the 777 BREW PUB. They had PINTS OF WONDERFUL BEER FOR TWO BUCKS AND A BUCKET OF SHRIMP FOR $4.50 during happy hour. The shrimp alone was just mind blasting.Small black jack area is THE ONLY fault. GO FOR A WALK. This is by far hands down the BEST HOTEL EVER in ol' Downtown Vegas!!!!Get a Boyds Casino Club card and stay even CHEAPER next time.
3	Beautiful building and rooms, horrible evening staff.  I loved the rooms compared to El Cortez, but the evening staff seem angry and rude.  The check-in lady at around 3am acted completely irritated when I came up to her and said I was told I could possibly check in early.  She checked me in and assumed I'd been there before when I asked how to get to my room.  Also the bartenders never crack a smile, never thank you for your tips, and one even managed to keep my change.   The daytime staff is pleasant on the phone and the lady who checked me out of my room was pleasant too.
2	stayed here for the first time & was disappointed tho I gamble & frequent the buffet here often...accommodations were fair @ best...small room & bathroom...check in was fairly painless though it was almost midnight so no line to deal with...my son's had a basketball tournament out here in Vegas that weekend so the Saturday night Prime Rib buffet was really crowded...went early (5:30pm) to BEAT the crowd & still waited over an hour =(  once we got a table, it was off to the carving station & quite possibly one of the best cuts of PR I have ever had, something you don't usually expect from a "buffet style" restaurant...no frills (read cheap) casino...need a place to park your bod for the weekend, this is your place...
5	A great place to gamble with nice friendly dealers and gamblers. Clean bathrooms, good food.
3	I like Main Street it has a more small local casino feel.  They have better deals on food than the big resorts on the main strip.  This casino does more catering to local and Hawaiians, they do a lot of package deals from the islands.  The staff are more friendly and more likely to know your name.
3	We had the brunch buffet with a few visiting relatives. I think it's the best  downtown buffet  . The buffet is diverse and because they cater to Hawaiian clientale , they always have some type of Hawaiian style food, today they had kalua pig /cabbage, Portuguese sausage , pork giusantes , mac salad , namasu and manapua. I was hoping for there oxtail stew, no such luck this week,,maybe next weekend they got ox tails , we got more family coming in :) .
4	This hotel has the best buffet downtown with the most selection. It also has a couple of other good restaurants too. It also has a good layout for their casino. They have a fun slot tournament that you should check out as well.The rooms are clean and decent. This is the nicest of the Boyd hotels. It is one of the Vacations Hawaii package hotel locations. They have US Rental Car place on site also. There is also a free wifi area too. The parking lot is a little strange. There is an empty parking lot attendant box. And after you park, you take the elevator down and walk to the hotel (not as convenient as the cal). The staff is very friendly and caters to us Hawaiian locals and treats us like ohana.  ^_^*~
5	Love this place, the old antiques, the history in the items on display, like part of the Berlin wall in the men's room. I love the bar just outside the buffet with he old time feeling of marble, brass and the fan blades on the rotatory ceiling fans. I used to enjoy the Wheel of fortune machines just inside the entrance by the Valet, but they updated them and are now more modern. They still have the old kind, but only three of them and of course they are always full! Just like "The Cal" this place is a regular for Hawaiian family and friends, so we come here often. And enjoy it when we do!
5	This place amazing to just walk around in (the interior is beautiful, you must look up to see the ceilings!) Any place where you can actually make pee-pee on the Berlin Wall gets my approval!  (urinals are attached to a piece of the wall.) Ask an employee to point you in the direction of the bathroom it is located in. I would explain but it would take a while.
4	Good place to enjoy a simple poker machine, love the deuce's wild. So with family still here, and trying to make their jackpot, spending some time at my favorite machine. Just wish it would pay off! Main street is a favorite of mine anytime.
4	The sister property of the California Hotel in Downtown Vegas, this is a nice spot to come by for eats and drinks.  Here are some highlights:- It was once known by the name of "Rosie O'Grady's Main St Station" when it was owned by Bob Snow.- It's design is very similar to it's sister property (Church St Station) that Bob Snow built in Orlando, FL.- Some of the bathrooms on the main casino floor have parts of the Berlin Wall as the wall of the bathroom.- It is one of the most unique designs in Las Vegas.- FREE Parking in the parking garage & valet.- There are a couple of antique Snooker Tables on the 2nd floor, which isn't open to the public, but is on the way to the management offices.I like to come here to have lunch and have drinks at the Triple 7 Brewpub (separate review).  The casino is relatively small by Vegas standards, but average sized by Downtown standards.  The rooms are basic hotel rooms.Will I return?  Of course....it's one of my favorite places Downtown.
3	I would give a zero if I could, but the sweet morning shift lady came to my rescue.  Lily, the night shift manager/ supervisor was horrible.  Checked in at five in the afternoon on a Wednesday mind u, not even a weekend (so it wasn't a busy day) and they gave us room with two queen size beds.  So, I called the frontdesk and was told they were completely booked. Frankly, I find it hard to believe.  Asked when another room might be available with a kingsize bed (did i mention my online booking requested for a kingsize) and was told that they have nothing tomorrow or the next day.  No apology, no thank you.  Anyhow, so my bf tries his luck asked for the manager supervisor and was given 'Lily' and was told exactly the same thing as I was told by her.  That they were booked, at a negative, blah blah.  My bf the ppl person asked her is there any way  she could check  if anyone is checking out the next day and that it's our anniversary (in reality it was a bday trip) and we flew all the way from Hawaii.  NOPE.  Said we can try our luck tomorrow and to keep checking w/ the front-desk and good-luck (sarcasm added).And so we did, this awesome sweet lady the next day helped us get another room which happen to be right next door to us w/ a king!  Yay!  No one was in there the night before, totally non-lived in. So either 'Lily' was lazy to make our changes, or a liar!
4	This is one of our favorite buffets and a place we try to stop at every time we visit the City of Sin.
5	I gave Main Street Station's buffet 5 stars because of the price.Compared to other buffets in Vegas, not only is the food good, but for that price it gets rated 1 star better.Not going into much details here as its just good. Have tried other buffets in Old Town, but even some of the locals say to go to Main Street Station! One thing we noticed was that they charged a different price every day or just about because the menu changed daily.
3	The buffet here is cheap, decent, and has a lot of variety. It used to be 7 bucks for lunch but now it went up to 9 bucks. Unlike some other cheap buffet places where the food quality is below average, food here is not bad (but not great either.) If you want high quality and great food buffet place, I recommend Studio B buffet at the M resort. Check out my review of Studio B for more info.
3	Quick Review, Rooms are ok, but VERY noisy, trains, freeway, ok though, The Bathroom was moldy due to no fan..Now the good..Great Buffet, good price selection..Good security, saw several security guards peering outside of the doors, then going out to check things out... Great brewery and food, great prices from beer to the Supurb food..Go there!!!!! nice decor, My father in law and I were abit put back by having a good piece of the Berlin wall with Urinals connected to it, I didn't realize it until I looked up to the explanation of how many people died trying to cross, but yet I'm pissing on it..Not cool(my father in law is here from Germany, speaks no English, And I had to tell him we pissed pretty much on the Berlin Wall):-( overall a cool place, but could do better..Reception was very nice too.. Forgot to add...I wish there was one or Two more kids channels..Cartoon network was adult at the time, would have liked to at least had Nickolodian..we arrived late, and I found my 7 year old watching adult swim!lol..
4	If you are from Hawai'i, or indulge in Hawaiian dreams, then this is where you need to stay whilst in Vegas. The Triple 7 Brewery has killer Pale Ale Battered Shrimp, the casino has a skywalk to The Cal (which serves loco moco, saimin, and everything else you already have in HI), and is conveniently located off the 15/515 interchange.I've been gambling, eating, and staying here for over 10 years, and the Hawaiiana is still going strong.
3	The Buffet: Good...and cheap :)They have a nice selection of food but not too much to become overwhelmed. Had breakfast here twice and loaded up on your traditional Vegas breakfast staples of bacon, biscuits, and gravy. Great service from our servers! I don't think the bottom of my coffee cup ever saw the light of day, it kept getting refilled.The Hotel: Okay...and cheap!Decided to stay in Freemont because it was wayyy cheaper than staying on The Strip. I checked out the photos on the hotel's website before booking and the rooms looked really nice. But the truth is they had a really nice *photographer* - haha- oh well. The room *is* nice, but the pictures on their site make it look more polished than it really is. Nothing in our room was "new" except for maybe the paint on the walls. Our room was clean, everything was where it should be, the housekeeping staff did a good job getting our room ready.The Casino: Fun ~~Found an empty table at a card game I didn't know so I sat down and the dealer taught me how to play. It was around 1AM and she was feeling friendly I guess. I went on a great run and the dealer gave me tips on how to play until I got a hang of it.The Antiques: See them!From the casino floor take the elevator to the 2nd floor - you'll emerge into a walkway with railings. There's some furniture there that belonged to Winston Churchill; his snooker table and chairs. One of the casino staff happened to be passing by and we asked him about the furniture and how it got there and he was able to recount some of the history of the former owners. Pretty cool. Whatever you do, do NOT go beyond the railings, security will appear out of nowhere to ask what you're doing... =P
4	I visited downtown las vegas for the first time last week....and me and my buddy were starving and ready to kill a buffet.  We chose Main Street Station's buffet.  It was a Thursday night, it was steak and scampi that were featured on the menu along with all the other food here.It was only 13 dollars per person, and it was well worth it.  The Steak wasn't anything special, but at least you had a choice of how you wanted it prepared.....their shrimp scampi was pure deliciousness.  I had to go back for seconds on both.  Other highlights on the menu were the bbq ribs, juicy fried chicken, a nice Mexican selection along with the best tamales I've had in a while....LoL so good I pulled the Filipino trick of taking some "to go" since i was wearing a hoodie....LoLWould definitely come back if i'm around downtown again.
3	Went there for the Tuesday night cooked to order T-Bone. First off let me be fair and state I'm not a fan on the T-Bone cut of meat. Am guessing this was the first I've eaten in the last 20 years and didn't like it but a buffet isn't just about one item. They had a lovely piece of turkey breast that looked smoked. The price is very reasonable, setting is bright and cheery and the food is fine. It's not my first buffet there and won't be my last.
3	Ah Old Vegas. I definitely have some fond memories here. This is where I hit my first jackpot playing the Wheel of Fortune slot machines. This is where I had my first 32oz prime rib at Triple 7.It's true that Main Street has somewhat withstood the test of time. A lot of people still eat, play, and stay here. It's cheap, it's friendly, and it's a home away from home for a lot of people. Especially people from Hawaii like myself. It always seems like I might run into someone I know from back home walking through this hotel.
5	OK, I'll admit that the old part of Vegas may be a riff raff magnet, what with the motels and dingy wedding chapels, a veritable Reno south,  plopped into the north part of Las Vegas Avenue, amidst the CBD, city hall, and services for the not-haves. But like Reno, you can walk to 6 casinos in the time it takes you to get from the elevator to the sidewalk in the southern strip mega-casinos. And you can find cheap meal specials. It's not your glitz and glam and chichi night clubs and celebrity chefs, or $25 minimum table bets in cavernous themed casinos with a 20 minute walk to your car or 20 minute wait to get your car or taxi. But I like Main Street Station. It has an old west train station motif which is interesting but not why I like it, and like the California Hotel adjacent to it, it caters to Hawaiians. That is why I like it. Many of the people working here are from the Islands, and will slip into their Hawaiian accents, with that distinctive way of asking a question that drops down in tone, just the opposite of the Haole who's question rises in tone. And if you start up in pidgeon, they will pidgeon it up with you! They know dakine brah! The table stakes are low, usually $5, but the odds are high, like 20X for craps bets. And at the craps table, of which there are only three (rarely all open at once), it is usually not crowded, with a relaxed island vibe, because nearly every craps gambler is Hawaiian, with tanned skin and almond eyes. And they are friendly and relaxed, even when losing. None of the bravado driven, money flashing, pseudo-high rollers looking for attention, to prove their self worth on a gaming table. Nope, just down home "local" boys, who are humble with a great touch of island humor. Even the croupiers will let you take your time, do your pre-roll craps ritual, and not hassle you about how you throw the dice, or agitate you with comments about throwing them too high, too low, too slow, like some casinos I won't mention (actually, most of the bigger ones!). This goes for the other table game dealers, and the other staff. If you relate to Brown, this is the place in Town. It's sort of like an extended family feel here. Aloha spirit in Vegas!  The cafe has island type food to, with greasy plate lunch style meals, that remind you of food back home in the islands. And the buffet is pretty good, and the sports bar-like dining area has good suds to suck'em up brah!If you like Waikiki and Ala Moana shopping center in Honolulu, with the designer boutiques and fancy restaurants, go to the south strip, with those ever bigger monster casinos, trying to outdo the one just completed last year, go to the southern part of the strip closer to the airport. But if you are a local boy, from Ewa, Mililani, Aiea, north shore, or somewhere outside Waikiki tourist traps, then come here and feel at home with the Brahs and Sistahs.PS - I usually win here, and if I lose, I still have a good time!
3	Review is for casino only:  Some of the VP machines are a bit old fashioned.  The one thing I really like about the place is how they have preserved some historic pieces of art/architecture.  For example, one of the chandeliers is from a Paris opera house, bronze doors and facade from the Kuwait Royal Bank, and doors from the Pullman Mansion.  This is only a small list.  You can go to the hotel area or slot club and get a brochure which describes them and tells where they are.
3	Stopped for dinner at the buffet this past Friday on 4/22/11. They had their Friday seafood buffet special which was really good. Good choices at a very reasonable price compared to other buffets downtown and on the strip. Only down fall was the wait and the utensils. Had to wait for 2 hours to be seated and when finally seated and had my plate of crab legs they ran out of crab zipper. A pain in the butt to open some of the claws and legs. Would of rated it 4 stars but not having a zipper and a long wait took away from my experience.
4	Pretty nice casino!! It's really clean and looks like one of the new casino on the Las Vegas strip!!!The 4 stars review is for the casino floor only!!!
4	Cool little casino off the strip. Actually went there because a friend was looking at one of their vintage train cars - her family actually owns one of the types they have there! After an interesting adventure in one of there elevators, my party was comped with free buffets. The buffet is actually really good in comparison to other Vegas buffets. Don't get me wrong - it's not like the Wynn, but it hits the spot. Good quality food with a decent amount of choices.
4	Great breakfast buffet for not much money.  We paid $17 for two.  Waffles, pancakes, french toast, lots of fruit choices, yogurt, breakfast meats-chicken fried steak, sausage, bacon, pastries, and lots more!  While I wasn't going to wait for one, the omelette chef was really entertaining and looked like he was moving the line fairly fast!  (Why people wait so long for omelettes is beyond me.)  Its a slower pace here overall, and first thing in the morning that is a-ok with a grumper like me.
4	Good downtown casino with good atmosphere; friendly and centrally located. Try the breakfast buffet (which I reviewed already), but cool casino. Hot out today, but A/C cool in Main Street Station :)
4	Not my first time staying here, but it has been awhile.The only reason for my trip was because I got an offer from Boyd for 3 nights stay comp'd. Heck Im not gonna turn that down. This hotel is in the downtown area - so its not you're glitzy fancy place. If you want that you can stay on the strip for 6X the amount you would pay here. This is your basic hotel - no frills. Not even wifi in the rooms. Rooms are ok - decor is dated....but it is in downtown. Dealers are really friendly here, they even taught me a couple of new games. Considering the only time you are in the room, is when you sleep - this place is a killer deal.
4	Good deal in Vegas. Our room was nothing special, but it was clean. The building has loads of charm and they serve some good beer. We tried their buffet one night, it was average. Staff was friendly, dealers were nice. And did I mentioned they served a good beer?
4	I stayed there this past wknd and had a good experience.  I usually stay here every August as I score keep a basketball tourney and they give us ridiculous rates.  The hotel itself is clean and neat and their table games are always a good time.  I spent about 5 hours at the blackjack table because the dealers were very entertaining and I was not losing money.  Everyone is very friendly and if you get tired of the casino you can walk Fremont street and stop into one of the many casinos in downtown.  Def would stay here again.
1	Roommate and I went on Sunday evening to the 777 and the food was horrible, for the first time ever neither of us could eat our food.  I had the meatloaf, it was so dry and salty it was impossible to eat, roommate had the chicken wings and garlic cheesy bread, the chicken wings were undercooked and greasy and the garlic cheesy bread was pretty much just bread not much along the lines of garlic or cheese.  I don't know what is happening with Main Street but we definitely will not be going back any time soon.
5	This place is awesome.It has pretty tin ceilings and a nice wide open gaming floor where you can see the exits. It has a beautiful museum of old slot machines and antiques. it has a huge piece of the Berlin Wall to piss on in the Men's room. It's just great.They play face down Blackjack here, which annoys me, but some people seem to like it. They always have low minimum tables (if you gamble for the fun and not for the money). They have the Triple 7 brewery where they make their own beer, it's like $7 for 5 6oz tastes of each beer. The beer is great. It's $3 for a beer brewed right in the casino. Amazing. The food is cheap. You can get a decent meal here for about 60% less than anywhere on the Strip. The rooms are typically under $40. It's just a comfortable place. It's not pretentious. It's nice. It's clean. Main Street Station is wonderful and it's a shame that most people who visit Las Vegas never venture to Freemont Street anymore, let alone Main Street Station.
5	best buffet in vegas. amazing. that's all i can say!!!
2	here are the quick and dirty highlights: BUFFET: decent for the price, good selection, and Tuesdays are steak night HOTEL/CASINO: just like the "California Hotel", this place is in need of some critical renovations.  i have no idea why Hawaii people love the Main street or California hotels..... wtfVEGAS 808 SNACKS: small shop with local-kine snacks... it boggles my mind why ppl from Hawaii go to Vegas to buy snacks they can get in Hawaii..... where is the logic in this? oh, but they're friendly, so that is nice.fyi - i did not stay at this hotel.... and from the looks of it, i probably never will b/c WOW....
4	I love the buffet at this place.  For a fraction of the price of other buffets in Vegas you get much better food.  Great selection too.  Have been here a couple times and there was a line both times, but for food this good under $15 I would expect that.
5	I think I'm through with the overpriced, over waited buffet lines of  The Strip, downtown is the place to eat without putting a hole in my wallet. I came here b/c I literallly got irritated waiting in line with people coughing all over me at Caesar's for buffet which was $24 for lunch.While the crowds and the old casinos don't have the impressive decor of the Strip Hotels all have but the buffet here was definitely good and for the price. My only regret was not signing up for their rewards card to get that extra dollar off. Lunch was $8.99 and my choices between italian, chinese, mexican and others was good and had I come on their other specialty days, I could've enjoyed myself a sirloin, primerib and seafood. The taste was great, the desserts were of good moderate selection and the service was good. as I was leaving i could see the line building up, only to reinstate the fact that this place was good and kept them a'comin. I will definitely be back.
5	My favorite budget place to stay downtown.  Room are bright and cheerful and totally worth the $50 a night they usually run.  If noise bothers you make sure you get a odd number room high up (eg 1101 or 1703).  This will put you on the rail way side as far away from the tracks as possible.Room quality is like Holiday Inn express.  Easy comps, free wifi by players club, best brewpub downtown and a classy fun casino.What's not to like?  Plus you can pee on the Berlin wall.  Awesome!
4	Probably the second nicest casino/hotel in downtown. First of course is the Golden Nugget and this is a distant second. GN is in a class by itself.   The Main Street has decent or should I say adequate rooms here. Nice and clean with just enough room. Only problem is the shower, it's not strong at all. And the shower curtain is a bit too long.  They have a buffet here that was rated the best in downtown couple of years ago, not sure if it still is. It should be, they have a wide variety of food. Nice salad bar (which I never tried), pizza, some kind of grilled meat and sausage, chicken roasted or fried, mexican and asian food. And tons of desserts with an ice cream machine!  Also there's a micro brewery restaurant called the triple 7. The food here is awesome, we love it! On our first visit my gf had chicken wings and I had a bowl of chili(came wtih nacho chips). Both were really good. Second visit was around 3am, so they had a "late night" menu. My gf had scrambled eggs and spam, I had saimin. We devoured it! The waitress was impressed! haha. Service is always good, only problem it gets very noisy when its busy. Taste, portion, price and service you can't go wrong here!  Only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars..........because I never did win here!!
4	BEST BUFFET IN TOWN!!!! AND IT WONT BREAK YOUR POCKETBOOK!   We came for the all you can eat t-bone buffet and I have to say I loved it!  I barely can eat one plate of food and I scarffed four of them down! I loved the way this hotel was set up.  Unfortunately we didnt stay here but next time I am in Vegas this is the place I want to be!!!  The outside is just beautiful as well.  i really got a great vibe from this place!
3	This is a review of the casino only. This property is one of the more conveniently located hotels & casinos in Downtown Las Vegas. the parking is close and sprawling. A lot more convenient than most parking downtown. They have a lot of historical remnants available for viewing as well, which is cool. The casino is pretty nice and they have a lot of different entertainment and dining options available. Their brewery is a good option as well. They are a part of the B Connected  rewards systems and close to all the happenings in the downtown area. All in all, pretty good property for the age.
5	Great value, awesome microbrews, great brewpub and awesome buffet.
4	Stayed here for the weekend (granted it was for free) but another classic downtown hotel. No frills but you really shouldn't be expecting it. I like the wood all over the hotel, its got some charm vs. all the marble found on the strip. The Elevator area reminds me of the Hollywood Hotels ride at Disney's California Adventures.The positives:1. Cheap2. Clean3. Low Table Games4. $1.75 beers at the barThe only negatives were:1. Valet is on opposite side of the registration desk. (park near the structure for check-in)2. Parking in the structure can get full during busy times3. The trains can be heard at times4. AC can get loud, but at least its cold
5	If you want a good buffet and a good price, come to Main street station!  There are better buffets but you will pay more $$$.  We were only in Vegas for 4 days and we came here twice.
4	Best breakfast buffet in Vegas! Worth the drive from the Strip to Freemont St. Free parking, great atmosphere at the omlette station!
4	This is one of the nicer, newer hotel/casinos in the downtown area, but it's still smoky as heck. Historical points of interest: benches, a piece of the Berlin Wall in the men's bathroom. Cool brewery which is pretty darn busy during Happy Hour- I think lots of locals hang out here during this time. We had to wait at the bar to wait for an available table on the dining floor. The buffet was decent, from what I remember (hadn't been in recent years). Aloha Vacations is on the way to the bathrooms. Free Parking in a multi-level garage. More parking across the street but I think that there is a section for Employees too. Located at the end of Downtown, on Main Street.
3	Usually when I travel to Las Vegas, I stay downtown.  It's what Hawaii people do.  It's part of our culture to stay at either the California, the Fremont, or the Main St. Station.  This is probably the fourth time or so staying here...and I have to say it was my worst experience there.I don't know if it is because I'm getting older now and the charm of just going to Vegas is wearing off, but certain things about this hotel bothered me that wouldn't have ten years ago.It's still a great deal and I'll probably stay here again...as the hotel room is not the main reason I'm going to Vegas.The Pros:Price--Nuff said.Location--Conveniently located downtown with a pedestrian bridge connected to the California hotel.  Very close to the Fremont Street Experience with all of the other casinos there.Service--I found the service here to be excellent.  No complaints about check in or maid service.The Cons:Location--I know...I said it was a Pro earlier, but there is a con as well.  I got a room on the fourth floor right above the roof line for the casino and kitchens below.  The air conditioning units located there run 24 hours a day and they can be loud at night if you are trying to get some sleep.  To top it off, it seems like the trains like to rumble into town at about the worst possible times(like around 1AM, 3AM, and the crack of dawn!!!)...and with the tracks not too far from the hotel, they can be quite loud as well.The Cigarette Smell--I never really noticed this before, but damn do these rooms reek of cigarette smell.  I was on a non-smoking floor, but either the smell is so deeply ingrained into the carpeting/curtains etc...or the ventilation system is seriously lacking, because the cigarette smoke smell was pretty bad and actually bothered me to a certain extent.  I know that its going to be there in the casino...but when I go up to my room...I expect it to be gone.All in all...I'd give it three stars and that's good enough for the price I paid.
3	The Buffet is the only reason i could ever see to hang out here.  Beautiful views reside above your table, however I would advise you to keep your eyes pointed upwords, as the enhabitants of this place are hidious to say the least.  I think the table next to me weighted in at well over 1000 lbs, and I think her parnter was just as big.Price may seem like an attractive posative of this establishment.  Oh-Nay-Nay.  The food has degraded to the point of Cisco rubbish, and expect to be playing number 2 on the roullette table shortly afterwords, if you know what I'm say'n.
4	Great Food & nicely priced.  Time - Sunday around noon - still serving breakfast items (cheese blintzes, biscuits & gravy, Portugese sausage), and serving regular buffet fare (taco stuff, beef brisket, crispy fried chicken).  They also have a nice salad bar and the dessert selection was amazing (cakes, cheesecake, pie, ice cream, and even a special sugar-free section too)!  My relatives are locals and they even make the trek up here from the 'burbs for a good buffet :-)  Beautiful "old west/victorian" type decor (stamped tin ceilings, big chandeliers, woodwork, etc.)
3	Bling! Bling! Bling!For the second half of my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas, this hotel got the job done. It's an old hotel in the heart of Old Las Vegas. So yeah, it looks pretty damn old. I wouldn't mind the classic look if the Internet wasn't worthless in the rooms. The only way to connect to the Internet was to go downstairs to the main lobby, use the wi fi there, and suffer the second hand smoke. Yuck.But this place is still clean, has a decent restaurant inside (Triple 7 Restaurant & Brewery), and a charm that puts a smile on my face.Bling! Bling! Bling!
4	stayed there this weekend, had a great time.  the rooms were clean, and the beds where awesome, very comfortable.  it was a very nice slumber.  the service was also very good, everyone was nice.  now for the brewery, good stock beer, for the laymen, its a good start for new craft beer drinkers.  the garden buffet was aslo good, lots of selection.i would stay there againjust 1 1/2 blocks to the fremont street exeprience, good location, and easy acess to the freewaysgh
4	What's not to like about Main Street? Their parking structure is five stars! It's the least creepy and possibly the cheapest one that I've found in downtown. Okay, yeah. I'd rather walk from here and get validation than park, let's say, at the Binion's structure even though that one has an elevator that takes you right into the hotel.But you know what really makes Main Street Station great? The buffet of course! Check out the reviews for Garden Court buffet. Best value in downtown, a true Asian destination ;)
5	Beautiful, old west feel. Clean, beautiful rooms and comfortable beds. Fantastic prices. Close to downtown, freeways, and Fremont Street. Very satisfied. Highly recommended!!!
2	I recently had the opportunity of experiencing Las Vegas. We drove from Surprise to LV, after picking up the family from the airport. Do to miscommunications and such, we did not have a hotel booked upon our arrival. We arrived in the early morning hours and were tired from the drive. We decided to stay at the Main Street Station.Parking was free, which was nice. It was also close to the entrance. Upon entering I noticed right off the old time feel by the decor in the lobby. I was impressed by the cleanliness and the friendliness of the staff. The cost of the room for three guests was impressive, less than 60 bucks. We had to be escorted to our room by security due to the key lock mechanism was broken. The elevators were designed to be old style and quite charming. Our room overlooked downtown, and the place was quite a bit aways from the strip, nice I must say as far as being quiet. The room itself was clean and had two double beds. I myself did my normal sweep of the mattresses looking for the ever dreaded bugs of the night, and found none. We were on the 15th floor so the view was very nice. The room itself was set up with a tv, re fridge, microwave and hair dryer. For my guests the downside was there was no complimentary coffee maker. Myself not really being a coffee drinker I was not alarmed by this fact. The bathroom was clean, water pressure so so. My only gripe with the bath is there were only enough linens for one person. Oh yes, and the fact if you were not 4 foot tall or shorter you had to stoop to shower.  My favorite decor within the room was the huge mirror on the wall. Would I stay here again, perhaps, simply depends on the mood. Over all it was a nice experience. We did eat at the buffet upon checking out in the AM. This of which I was not impressed with at all. Being it was a large buffet one would assume that there would be a large selection of varieties of foods. This was not the case at all. Price was fair for the selection they I offered I suppose. Overall two star rating based on my experiences at other hotels.
4	Just off Freemont Street in Downtown Las Vegas sits the Main Street Station. I recommend wondering off the Freemont Street Experience and checking this place out. It is clean and bright, I know highly unusual for Downtown Las Vegas, but there you have it. They have their own brewpub, worth checking out. Plus free parking, you pay $3.00 and redeem it at the casino cage. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	"The Quest for the Berlin Wall"My husband and I had just gotten out of the Smith Center after seeing a matinee of the musical "Memphis."  We made a wrong turn and found ourselves approaching Fremont and all the neon casinos that come with it.  While multi-tasking directions to my husband and trying to find a dinner spot on my phone I noticed the sign for Main Street Station.  "Oh! I just found out that there's a chunk of the Berlin Wall in a men's bathroom in there.  We should stop in sometime and check it out," I said with phone in hand trying to find the number Triple George Grille.  Next thing I know, I felt a giant shift in direction as my husband pulled into the parking garage at the last second.  After locating a spot, my husband turns to me and says, "What?!"We walk inside and my husband has one mission on his mind: find the Berlin Wall.  He finds the first security guard he comes across and asks for directions.  We are given a once over, looking like wide-eyed tourists who came in too dressed up for a Saturday afternoon Downtown (remember, we were at the Smith Center earlier).  "I'll take you there," the security guard said and we started to follow him.  I was under the impression that he was worried I would try to go into the bathroom (I wasn't) and he wanted to make sure no shenanigans were going to be taking place.My husband chatted up the security guard on the way and mentioned to him how we were locals and just found out about this randomly-placed historical artifact.  The security guard had a noticeable change in demeanor and became chatty with my husband.  Next thing I know, he tells me to wait a minute while he makes sure the coast is clear.  I was going to see the Berlin Wall too!After telling some peeved regulars who wanted to use the facilities to hang on a second, he let me inside.  There, with four urinals attached, was a giant piece of the Berlin Wall.  Thankfully it is covered with Plexiglas so no one can get any silly ideas about peeing on the actual wall.  I am now the proud owner of a picture of myself, the Berlin Wall, and a urinal.This is why I love Las Vegas.On a side note (I should be reviewing the actual casino after all), I was taken aback by how beautiful this casino is.  Old chandeliers, furniture, paintings, etc really set this casino apart from the rest.  Things here are so old when compared to the rest of this town that it puts off a spooky vibe I don't get too often.  I liked it!My husband and I will definitely be back to spend more time enjoying the casino and the other historical pieces it offers.  And we've now found another "Random Vegas" spot to take our visitors when in town!I'm going with 5 stars for the Berlin Wall alone (but I might be a history nerd).
3	Main St Station is within walking distance of Fremont and the Las Vegas World Market, so it made sense for me to stay here recently during the furniture market. The price was low, but I was surprised that the rooms weren't too bad, are fairly clean, and the plantation shutters covering the windows block out a decent amount of flashing Vegas lights. The elevators are also newer and fast.The place had a mellow feel to it, with a mostly older crowd, and the hotel/restaurant staff were friendly and helpful. The dealers and pit bosses were as well...Negatives include no wifi in the rooms (which is ridiculous... As a business traveler, I'd gladly pay a bit more to have it available) , limited restaurant options, old -style TV's in the rooms, aging mattresses, and the hotel's proximity to the railroad tracks. Long, fully loaded trains come through regularly and loudly at all hours... If they offer you a lower floor room near the track side, ask for another roomOverall, not a bad value for the money if you can overcome the negatives
4	I am only writing this review based on two things: The customer service w/ getting us Player's cards and the buffet :)**$1 off the buffet if you have a player's card at this casino**So the woman behind the counter was really helpful about getting three of us processed for the player's card.  She was chatty and sweet.  The buffet was an experience in itself.  I can't believe it was only $12!!They have a wide variety of food.  We were there for the brunch buffet on a sunday morning--mimosas, anyone??  They have a bunch of lunch AND breakfast options.  Some were great (french toast, potatoes, and the make-your-own taco bar etc) and some were not (dried out chinese food and eggs benedict).  Overall, I would DEFINITELY go back again!! :)
4	I had never even heard of this casino before this week.  Our search to find old (late '90s, early 2000s) Twilight Zone slots led us here!  Main Street Station has a beautiful casino floor with high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers.   We only stayed an hour or so but really enjoyed our time here.  I will def be back next time I'm in Vegas.  We didn't even know to look for the Berlin Wall, so we'll have to come back for that.  Next time I want to do the antique tour as well.It was a short walk from the Freemont Experience.  It was hot so we went into the California and used the walking bridge.  I was somewhat confused on who owned this casino.  I figured it was a Station Casino due to the name.  However, it looks like name is just a coincidence.  It's train-themed, so the name is a reference to a train station.  It's owned by Boyd Gaming.
4	Great old casino just off of Fremont street. They even brew their own been here now, and it's fantastic! Such a huge variety, from a lite wheat with watermelon to amber and dark brews, it's all good. The menu has a large selection too, even sushi for their Island regulars. We had such a great time playing, drinking, and eating here. That's what Vegas is about right?
4	This place is beautiful. Not as beautiful as when I was a kid and there were hardwood floors instead of nasty casino carpeting, but still, it's really pretty. It is not a "Station Casino" but instead a Boyd property, and called so because it used to be the train station--trivia for those Yelpers confused. Like most of downtown, they have cheap tables and drinks. I have not been to any restaurants on property for a number of years, so I can't vouch for those. I like downtown in general for an off-the-beaten-path experience, and I think Main Street is good for this purpose.
3	I have stayed here many times and always been pleased with the room as far as rooms go.  The breakfast buffet is the best I have seen (and I have seen a lot).The only problem with the property is that there is no internet access in the rooms.  You have to come to the lobby and compete for one of several small tables to set up your computer.I hate to do it but I am moving to another hotel where I can check mail without getting dressed and hauling the equipment downstairs.When they get internet in the rooms - I'll be back.
5	Fantastic cheap buffet. My friends made us meet them here for dinner and we were nervous about what we were getting into on $14 steak night, but have no worries my friends. Just because it doesnt cost a ton of money like the buffets on the new strip, does not mean you should pass it by. Very good "meat and potatoes" kind of food. Home cooking, southern style. Great desserts (German Chocolate Cake, Pies, Puddings). Always come here when we are downtown.
4	Their buffet was very good. It has a variety of food the other buffets do not. The pizza was excellent, the BBQ, Salad and Asian stations were a close second. Well worth the price of admission.
4	My family goes to Vegas once or twice a year and usually spent the first part of the trip Downtown.  We actually prefer the Cal, but they were sold out this past Sept.  This trip was for my parents' 50th anniversary.The only reason why we prefer the Cal over Main Street is the noise from the trains.  I counted 75 box cars on just one of the trains that went by one nigh (many trains pass through every night)t.  At least, on this last trip, we only heard the steam horns once.  The last time we stayed at Main Street, the conductors blew the horns everytime they passed the hotel.  I guess they figured they were up at 3 in the morning, everyone else should be, too.  Otherwise, the buffet is one of the better ones Downtown.  It certainly is the biggest.  I'd like to have chopped peanuts at the soft serve station, please.  I know... peanut allergies.  But Fremont has peanuts, just no caramel.  :(  The quality is standard buffet.  It sits arounds for a while so some things that are supposed to be light and crispy (i.e. taquitos) are a bit hard or chewy and dry.  Maybe not the best idea to go at off-peak times.  :P  But this is the buffet we go to even when we stay at the Cal (they don't have a buffet, but the Market Street Cafe is pretty good).The rooms are exactly the same as the West Tower (newer) at the Cal.  Large, spacious (believe me, it's not the same, I've been in large crowded rooms) rooms with seperate toilet/bath and sink.  I didn't notice how old or new the TV was since I didn't turn it on.  It's in an armoire so I don't tend to notice it when lounging around (I don't do that much in Vegas :).  I love the fact that the refrigerators are standard and we don't have to call for them, anymore.  It's clean and not as worn as most Vegas hotels that are less than $150 per night.  The service is excellent.  When we fly in late and can't get adjoining rooms, they will hold a set for us so we can move the next day (and they don't even make you rush out by check out time!).  The casino is one of the smaller ones and it's pretty much a big rectangle.  No getting lost.  The air exchange is very good.  No clouds of smoke to choke you unless a someone is blowing smoke in your face.  We love the video poker and the machines love us.  :D  When you hit a four-of-a-kind or higher (with your slot card in play), you can call an attendant to get a scratch card that can be redeemed for anything from $2 - $5000!  Always a nice bonus that you can use for tips.  :)
4	This hotel is located in Downtown Las Vegas what i love about this hotel it's connected to the California Hotel so it shares all the good foods and snack places. Staff here is great and friendly always helpful. The rooms are your typical rooms nothing spectacular lol. This hotel does have a brewery that serves sushi i have yet to try the sushi but i've had the beer i can't remember how many on tap but they have different types to choose from. Casino floor is spacious good atmosphere and always have cool music playing. So far this has been my go to place to stay.
3	My reason for ever going into Main Street Station is for Triple 7 Brewery.  This restaurant has a pretty good mix of food.  I think the quality is good for the price and the place never disappoints.  As for this casino/hotel, I don't think it's any different than most of the older casinos/hotels in the Fremont area. But I do get this haunted vibe here.  I don't know if it's because of all the antiques, the Victorian style lobby, or the Haunted Mansion style hallways. There's a bit of a creepiness feel here.  Every been to the Winchester House in San Jose?  Or the Whaley House in San Diego?  Not trying to start any rumors or urban legends, but this place reminds me of all of those.
4	A nice boutique hotel that caters to locals and Hawaiians, this place is perfect for a few a hours of trying your luck.  They have decent restaurants and ample parking. In my opinion, this is the 2nd best hotel and casino in Downtown, with the Golden Nugget being 1st.
4	Let's keep this one simple: 4 stars for a Brew pub, nice buffet, and a chunk of the Berlin Wall you can pee on.Yeah . . . seriously.  There is a chunk of the Berlin Wall installed in the men's room.  With urinals installed in the Berlin Wall.  So men visiting are metaphorically peeing on communism and repression.  Viva individualism!  Viva the steady stream of men's urine!  Viva public political statements!  Viva a collection of local beers!  Viva all the comfort foods you might want under one roof!  Viva nice stained glass and the feel of a classic train station turned into a casino.  A slice of Vegas history with just enough kitsch to keep it interesting.
2	I used to like this place, but service went downhill. The blackjack dealers are grumpy, which is odd considering they work for tips. Oh well, not coming back.
3	Eating at their buffet is the only reason I visit this casino. Now, I am not much of a gambler, but if you are looking to spend your hard-earned money in the city of casinos, I would pick another venue. An older building, this casino smells of cigarette butts and old musky wet carpets when you walk by their one-armed bandits. Their casino floor is fairly small and does not seem very diverse. One cool feature for guys visiting this place... the urinals are affixed against actual Berlin wall chunks-- there are pictures taken to prove it.
5	It's the only hotel my family and I stay at when we go to Vegas. One of the reasons is for the buffet, but the entire staff and rooms are great! The lobby reminds me of an old train station with the wooden floors, desks, and long benches in the middle. The antiques scattered around add a touch of class. As my auntie said, "This place is so cute." Yes, it is.
4	Came here to meet up with my mother. She likes the Fremont scene more. We grabbed some brunch buffet and a drink here. The buffet was super cheap! I believe it was $10.99 a person and included corned beef hash, country fried steak, eggs Benedict, and donuts!! But they also serve carved meats, Chinese food, and salads. I know an odd mix but all was pretty good!The bar outside the buffet is really pretty. Very old school with marble and bronze. The bartender is super nice. I got a mimosa for $5 and my husband got a top shelf well drink for $5.50. The casino is an older crowd. There is a thick layer of smoke smell in the building. Kind of made my eyes water.
2	This is a review for the casino & 777 Brewery. The casino is typical of the other downtown establishments. It is full of "blue hairs" and the  smokers that can't afford the strip. That is not to say that the action in the casino is lacking. Craps and BJ can be found with low table minimums ($5), which are a rarity on the strip. The dealers are first rate, and the cocktails come quickly and often.         The brewery on sight is top notch. They offer Golden, red, wheat, and IPA beers at a reasonable price( $3 @ Happy Hour) . The beer is brewed well and worth the trip to the Downtown. As for the food, I have only tasted some of the happy hour appetizers. They are priced to sell and do the job. They consist of calamari , buffalo wings, garlic bread, egg rolls, and shrimp. HH prices range from $4- $5. Definitely a deal! Service is good, and their always seems to be a good crowd inside. I would give the 777 Brewery 4 stars on its own.
2	My husband and I always stay at Main St when we go on mini vacations for over 10 years and has never had a problem till recently. We had book a Non-Smoking room and I had call before hand speaking to a guy who had confirmed it yet when we check-in we received a smoking room. I wasn't happy at all! The first room smelled horribly like smoke and I immediately start to feel sick. After calling front desk they tell me they are fully book and cannot give us a non-smoking room till the next day. I was boiling! so they sent a bell man to go sniff out other rooms on the same floor to see which is less smokey. So we ended up lugging all or stuff large suit case, large cooler, a couple bags, and my makeup case to another room. While the whole time I was starting to feel very sick and miserable...(I am a diabetic and pregnant.)Second day we called and they said we have to wait till 3PM for a non-smoking room then my husband ended up talking to Vince the Manager and we ended up getting a non-smoking room at 11AM. So here we go again lugging our stuff to another floor.When we spoken to Vince we wanted to be compensated or something since we called and confirmed the day before they said they cannot guarantee a king bed at check in but they can guarantee a smoking or non-smoking room. I'm sorry to say that it was not our fault for you guys to be overbooked and why do the people that chosen what room they want have to suffer? What is the point in giving the option of smoking or non-smoking room because it seems it doesn't matter what we choose and we get shoved to what room is available. Also calling and confirm was pointless the day before too!I have nothing more to say except my husband and I are very disappointed especially when we been coming to you guys only.
4	Decided to take the free night, it was our first time here thought it would be a lot older looking in the rooms but it was actually the opposite and it was really comfortable in the rooms, the workers was nice local not so up tight as for the casino it was nice too been in the casino before but not in the hotel rooms itself so I liked how it was bright in the casino not like others dark and dingy looking
4	THANKS FOR THE SAFE PARKING LOT!If youre taking the freeway to get downtown, as you make your exit, you'll see a big (huge) sign that points to "Free parking" (with validation) at a giant, well-lit, attended lot. This is Main Street's parking and if you show your receipt inside they give you back the $3 cash that it cost to park there. So even if you DON"T take your receipt in, you're not out much money for a safe parking spot close to Fremont Street. Much less Shady than some of the garages in that area.But please DO take your receipt in. This place is sooooo pretty inside. Even the food court caught my husband's eye and we turned around so I could see it too. It's extravangant and elegantly detailed and has something to see no matter where you look.I haven't stayed here, but if I were planning on staying in this part of Vegas (as opposed to the strip) I'd stay at this hotel next. Plus, I want to check out their buffet. BUFFET!
1	***Update***   4/25/13Tiffiny W. of Main Street Station posted a reply to my review, noting how disappointed they were to hear of my experience, and that they were forwarding it to their GM and Hotel Desk Manager for "further action."  This was on 3/21/13.I gave it over a month.  That's enough time.  Apparently, "further action" means that they balled it up and threw it away, just as I expected they would.  Just another example of Main Street Station's commitment to customer service, I guess.  A lot of talk, ZERO action.  As if I needed another reason to avoid the place.  Thanks for nothing, Main St.!!!*******************************************Original Post (3/17/13):  OK, Main Street Station.  It's on.I stayed here for a couple of nights in 2011, and liked the place.  The rooms were decent for Fremont Street, the buffet was pretty good, the 777 brewery had some great food, and the casino was decent.So, when my wife said she'd make us reservations here again, I said OK.  I was looking forward to the trip.  My wife had some email from Main St. that offered a reasonable room rate with two buffet passes per person for each night you stayed.  Not bad.  In January 2013, she booked 3 nights and called me to tell me.  I checked my calendar, and suggested adding a fourth night.  THAT SAME DAY, she called up the reservation number and added the fourth night.  The original trip was from Sunday to Wed.  Now, it was Sun - Thurs.Fast forward about two months later.  We decide to add yet another night to our LV trip, so we check out Main St.'s rates.  Not the best.  We find a great rate at the D.  Even better, the D is offering buy one night, get one free.  So, we can stay there Wed and get Thurs free.  We call Main St. to cancel the Wed night, now that we don't need it.  During the conversation, we try and confirm that we are still getting our buffet passes.  They say no.  They say that it was a special promotion they ran in January, and can't give it to us.  We search through our email, and realize that we made the reservations in JANUARY.  We bring the email with us.  Easy fix, right?Nope.  Check-in desk tells us that they had already explained to us that because she cancelled her original reservation, and didn't book the other trip under the "correct code," we don't get our buffet passes.  I plead my case.  We booked the trip in January.  All we did was try and add a day to an existing reservation.  We didn't "cancel" a reservation, we just added another day to it.  No dice.They treated me like I was trying to put one over on the fucking casino.  They refused to give us a break, all because my wife apparently made a mistake and didn't book the reservation under the correct promo code (even though the original 3-night reservation was done under the correct code).  I get the fact that casinos run specials.  That's cool.  I get the fact that they may have a dozen or so different rates for the same room.  That's cool too.  But I don't get why you have to treat a customer like crap simply because I'm trying to straighten out a simple and straightforward booking issue.  It was pretty clear to everyone what my wife was trying to do.  There's no need to act all shitty towards us.  So, here's the deal, Main Street Station.  I will never spend a fucking dime in your casino, restaurants, or hotel again.  You treated me like I was some douchebag who was trying to screw the casino out of a fucking buffet pass.  A $6.99 buffet pass.  Do you realize how fucking stupid that is?  You just took a previously happy, return customer, and alienated him for life.  A customer who enjoyed your restaurants and spent a lot more than $6.99 in your casino.  See ya.  I'll be staying on Fremont and spending money in other casino/hotels.  Just not in yours.
5	I should clarify that this review is not for the hotel/casino, but instead for the amazing experience that my husband and I had having our wedding reception at the Pullman Grille located within the Main Street Station. We planned our Las Vegas wedding from afar. This was no easy task in the beginning. The internet can be deceiving with the use of nice camera lenses, and video work, so  I quickly decided that I needed to fly to Las Vegas to scope out the location of my ceremony and reception. Thank goodness I did. Every place that I was expecting to be perfect based on the website and photos, was not at all what it appeared to be online. This realization, is what lead me to Robert, the banquet manager for Boyd Gaming at The California and The Main Street Station. I don't want to write a novel here, but think it's important to set the scene a little. My Mom and I must have visited a dozen or more places looking for a nice, romantic, classy, reception space. Unless you're willing to spend thousands of dollars, this is hard to find. Until we met Robert. Robert introduced us to the Pullman Grille, a retired steakhouse located within the Main Street Station. The space is gorgeous. It has a vintage 1940's vibe with high ceilings, hardwood floors, a marble fire place, a beautiful built in bar, and best of all, a retired 1940's parlor train car within. It was perfect. This is where I'll try and make the long story short. My mom and I left Las Vegas and I continued to plan this wedding from afar. Every single experience I had working with Robert via phone and email was incredible. He was quick to respond, and very accommodating in regards to my decor questions, vendor questions, as well as in accepting multiple packages that I had sent ahead of time. Lastly, and very importantly, I was concerned about what the food at my reception would be like. When you plan a wedding online, you don't have the opportunity to taste test the food like you would otherwise. So, I just had to trust, and hope that it would be better than some weddings I've been to. And, It was. It was actually incredible. We went for the two entree buffet and chose the garlic crusted chicken and lemon tarragon salmon with a variety of side dishes and salads. The salmon was to die for!!! Maybe some of the best I've ever had. In the end, I had the absolute best experience EVER working with Robert and all of the staff at the Pullman Grille. They were incredibly friendly, accommodating, and truly helped make my special day just right. Thanks to Robert and everyone  at the California and Main Street Station catering office!!!
3	PROS: Clean room at cheap price. Quiet. Maid service was good. Had an issue with the slow-draining tub and it only took one call to get it fixed. Room had a working fridge that kept everything nice and cold. Parking was free and felt secure. The micro-brewed beer in the casino was ice cold and only a $1.75 in a regular sized glass. Margaritas were $0.99 and got a nice buzz. The ambiance - very nice, unique. CONS: The buffet was cheap, but the quality of food was meh at best (Sizzler was better). I wish the room had some fresh air. The AC is fine but opening a window just a bit would have made this room much more enjoyable. I promise not to jump out of the window.
4	People always ask us locals where the best deals are in Vegas. When it comes to a classic buffet, it's not just price, but value. My favorite low-price tasty buffet by far is the Main Street Station option. Lunch is especially good at about 10 bucks and includes mainland as well as Hawaiian choices. Since Vegas is called the 9th island, that is especially important to both visitors and transplants from the 50th state. Gourmet? Not really. Good food at a good price every time? Yep.
4	We spent one night of our Vegas trip at Main St Station as we knew we'd end up crashing after a night on Fremont Street. I was expecting the worst and was pleasantly surprised.I'm only reviewing the hotel accommodations and casino as we didn't eat there (the restaurant was closed all night for cleaning, though the home brews we had at the bar were actually quite good). The rooms were clean, updated, large, and quiet. Honestly, if most of the hotels on the strip followed the obvious adage of "make your rooms simply look nice without going overboard and people will flock to it" we'd all be better off with reasonable prices and reasonable lodging.The casino was fine. Cheap tables, good payouts for Blackjack, and they didn't skimp on drinks. Nothing bad to say about it. If you're looking for a good, cheap, quiet place to stay that isn't a long walk from Fremont Street I highly recommend Main St Station.
2	I ate at the restaurant but the selection was a little disappointing and tasted pretty generic. Beer was excellent though.
5	This is an old hotel, you will know very well because the furniture and fixtures are old. Even the restroom door is thick and heavy. But I never miss to stop here everytime we go to Las Vegas. Also, their buffet is great, with lots of choices, price is reasonable and you don't really have to wait so long to be seated. Staffs have pleasant personality, I can only count a few who doesn't smile.
5	$29.00 OUTSTANDING ROOM!!! ; and 7.99 FANTASTIC BREAKFAST!!! . This place is small, but dam worth going too, if you are going through Las Vegas for the slower an simpler pace.
4	My review is primarily for the restaurant and bar area.Are you serious?  $1.75 for a good craft brew?  Well that's just nice.And you want to charge me a reasonable price for a wide-selection buffet?  Well that's even better!  It's a good thing when you can find a buffet that has a huge selection of food, from Mexican, to Chinese, American, and everything in between that has a consistently good taste across the board.  But they have it here.  Main Street Hotel is on the edge of a downtown area that I love about Las Vegas.  An area where you don't have to walk a mile to the next hotel, an area that still thinks you don't have to drop $20 per hand on the average blackjack table.  That's the part of Vegas I have learned to appreciate.My Boss stayed here for nearly a week while we were in town for a convention.  He said that while his room was cheap, comfortable, and modern it was also highly invaded by outside noises such as planes and trains.It's a good place.  I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner!
3	I'm only reviewing the hotel room and whatnot. I didn't partake in the casino or restaurant. So, this was only my second time in Vegas and first time driving in. I was only there to see UFC 160 and didn't want to pay out the yang for a hotel on the strip so I figured what the hell, I'll try the Freemont side. Well, Main Street was ok. Parking is free and I didn't have any problem finding a space in the garage adjacent to the hotel. Didn't feel queasy leaving my car there. Most of the people were old and/or asian. Didn't see anything overly ratchet on the property except for a group doing "something" on the top floor of the garage Friday evening. Anyway, the room was fairly clean albeit a little dusty. AC window unit worked as it should. King bed was AWFUL, very low..I think it was one of those old ass spring matresses. If I didn't go to bed drunk each night sleeping would've been impossible. Shower head was also comically low. It's like the room was made for short asians. I'm about 5'11" and had to duck to get the top of my head wet. No wi-fi but I have my own connection so that was of no concern. Elevators ran fast. If I return for another fight with my vehicle, I'll probably stay of either strip. Makes no sense to stay at a casino hotel if you aren't gambling but that's on me. The Freemont area isn't as bad as advertised not to say it isn't a little dicey in spots. I wouldn't advise females to walk around alone if they aren't the aware type. Freemont was bustling with people though, diverse crowd, without the crush of douchey drunk bridal party girls. I suspect certain "things" are much easier to come by on this end then the strip but who knows, I wasn't looking. If you're a Vegas regular, I'd stay on this side every now and again to switch things up.
4	We stayed here for a few nights in an attempt to get away from the Strip - which I don't enjoy. This was a GREAT choice! I found out afterwards that it's considered the best downtown hotel and casino and I have to agree. What a great value too! The room was amazing and inexpensive. Clean, modern, supremely comfortable. Terrific! A short block walk to Fremont street and all that has to offer. But the real kicker for me was the Triple 7 brewery and restaurant! Yep, this hotel/casino is a brewery too! Why would you ever leave??? Their own brews are SUPERB and the bar area is super comfortable with a remarkable happy hour! 16 oz drafts for $2.50 - or less? Are you kidding?? Oyster shooters fresh from the sushi bar for a buck? Sign me up!! I'm sticking around! And the food? (We did come back after our naps that helped mitigate the effects of those tasty drafts). The food is amazing!! Next time you're considering an off the strip stay in Vegas, this place has to be your choice. FABULOUS!
5	Didn't stay at hotel, but DID stay everywhere else.I have been coming to LV since the 80's with my parents when I was a kid. Always like downtown, but never liked any casinos there. Was at 4 Queens in LV for 4 nights and couldn't leave this place. The ONLY really nice casino downtown. It is in the old 1890's LV train station (I can imagine a spaghetti western being filmed here). 100 year old chandeliers and brick and architecture. Rivals anything on the strip.Super cheap everything. $5 tables the whole time I was there Wed - Sun, better than average buffet, nicer than most dealers and cocktail people, nicer than most pit bosses. Tons o parking. A block from Fremont experience. Great place.This is my "go to" casino for sure. Next time i will stay at the hotel too.
4	The hotel is great. Stayed 3 nights the staff very nice, and helpful.  The room are clean, and great location. I hope they update thier bathrooms and the ac could have gotten a little colder, BUT with 115 heat it did great!!!.  The Casino was super fun, love that you can walk to the Califorino, all while in AC.  The BUFFET was good. I am a picky eater, and there was always something that I could eat. If you ask for something special they will do it...all for a low price..I will stay again.
4	Stayed here one night, Mon. June 17, '13 after traveling from San Diego-Hoover Dam-Grand Canyon on the same day. Very "home-y" presence; comfortable. And for $40, I'd say it was more than what anyone would expect! Great view from our room. Bed was comfy. The only complaint I have is that the shower would go from warm to EXTREMELY COLD! You really have to find the hottest temp u can stand, so that it will turn to warm as opposed to FREEZING! Lol Other than that, we had a great stay! Thanks Main Street!
3	Beers were good, not great......Food HAD to be pre made?   We ordered burgers and they arrived in like 3 minutes... No exaggeration... No way to make that quick.... and it wasn't really that good.If you are in the area, sure... but don't go out of your way if you are looking for some awesome micro brews.... You will be slapped in the face with mediocrity.
4	seriously great value. $30 a night with a king size bed? yes please! parking's included. Internet is like $10 a night. Though curtains over the wooden blinds woulda been nice? Would've enjoyed sleeping past 6:15am. I guess for curtains or a room on the other side of the building cost more.the casino area is seriously adorable and not crazy overwhelming. it doesn't feel artificial (like how the strip casinos do). the train station vibe is just, well, awesome. and the 777 bar in the casino is actually affordable to eat at.i don't know what downtown Vegas is like cuz we just hung out here (i've heard mixed reviews as far as safety and overall sketchiness) but if you need a place for a low key trip to Vegas or for your last night, Main Street is great.
5	Excellent hotel to stay at in vegas! Rooms are clean & good size. Staff is very friendly. Walk from self parking lot is close. I called a few days before my arrival to confirm my reservation & the phone rep comped me 2 buffet meals for each night of my stay there. The buffet at the Main Street is great! I would definitely recommend this hotel!
2	Hotel rooms are pretty gross. Carpets are so dirty that our feet got black. When we first checked in, there were stains on our bed sheets and pillows. GROSS. I guess you can say that you get what you pay for.. Cheap hotel. At least there was a mini fridge.Buffet was awesome though!
4	I go out of my way to do the Sunday brunch here every time I go to Vegas.  It used to be better, but it's still good.  I love the ambiance both inside the casino and the buffet.  I've always enjoyed the dealers here too.  I love the fact that there is character in the design of the building; that really seems to be missing on so many places on Fremont.
2	Stayed there for 3 nights with my wife, the reservation in my hand said 1 king bed, they said they couldn't accommodate that so I had two queen beds for 3 nights. Every day they said they didn't have a bed available and that my reservation was for the room, not for the beds. The employees were very rude and unpleasant, with a matter-a-fact demeanor. The only reason they get an extra star is because I love the inside of the hotel, it's like being on the Titanic! The buffet was so-so, but it was free so I didn't complain. Also, the light leaks through the blinds and wakes you up at around 7am regardless of how hard you try to close them. Will not stay here again.
4	The Friday seafood buffet is worth the wait in line. Great food and amazing service.The snow crab legs and the prime rib made my experience memorable:)
4	I am amazed at how this buffet put the Wynn Buffet to shame. I spent only $19.44 for 2 meals and they Wynn yesterday I spent $85.00. The food here was way better and real! Mashed potatoes real and not powdered. Definitely eating here again!
1	If I could rate it 0 stars I would.  First they tell us we won't have a room, we booked rooms more than a month in advance.  Secondly, they tell us we might have to stay at another hotel.  Third, they find us a room for 1 night and they will try to find us a room for the rest of our stay.  We come back the next day to find out what room they gave us and its "not ready", "not available", etc.  We had plans for the day and didn't/couldn't wait for our room to become ready for us.  Therefore, we had to leave and when we returned change rooms.  When we returned they gave away the room we were supposed to get and they had to find us ANOTHER room.  We had housekeeping do our room a few days later, and they did not replace the hand soap, did not change the sheets or pillow cases.  Our car got broken into, I can't blame them for that one.  That happened on our last day.  We asked if we could have a late checkout and they have us 1 extra hour.I don't think I will stay here ever again unless I'm forced to.
4	We stayed at Main Street Station while at Las Vegas Bikefest this past weekend. Had a GREAT time. The hotel has a cool vibe and looks like a turn of the century train station. The rooms where much nicer than expected, especially for the price, which was really reasonable. We had dinner at the 777 restaurant one night. The micro brews here are excellent and the food was good and reasonably priced. We also ate at the buffet for breakfast and it was dynamite. The best think though about this place is $1.75 micro brews at the bar. In this town where $6 bud lights are the norm, I was floored to get a quality beer for under two bucks. That alone will keep me coming back to this place. If you want a nice hotel at a really low price, this is the place. Love it.
4	I love this place.  Like most people say, it's affordable, clean and not too crazy in the casino.  I see a lot of people complain about the blinds in the rooms and the light coming through.  Really....if you only flip them in the other direction, they close tight and you get blackout.  Tah dahhh!!  Don't know why people are complaining so much, for the price, it's a nice place.
4	We went for the buffet, but my highlight was the men's room!The buffet is probably the best value left in Vegas. Sure, it's not the incredible plating and presentation as some of the newer, bigger buffets - but it's CHEAP. Like, you can get just one plate of food and not feel like you've wasted money cheap!Nice selection of flavors from around the world, all of it pretty tasty. Dollar for dollar, truly the best food value I've seen.The architecture and detail work throughout the casino is spectacular! Love the wood, pressed tin plates, marble, chandeliers, etc. It really feels like a converted historic train station and I could spend hours just looking at the walls and ceilings. Absolutely gorgeous!Then - the men's room. I don't know if it's supposed to be a secret. I haven't seen it come up in many tour books. But where else will I get to have an up close and personal view of large pieces of the Berlin Wall, just for the $5 tip we gave the security guard to clear out the men's room so we gals could walk in and see?Absolutely asinine to have it in the men's room - it really should be on display where everyone can appreciate it - without having to make poor drunks stand in the hallway doing the pee-pee dance while waiting! But - the adventure in making it happen and just how random it is, well, that's something I find a little endearing.Hope each time I go back it's with new people, so I can have the excuse of staring at the wall behind the urinals. That's a sentence I never imagined would cross my mind, but it's so true!I will totally be back!
2	I am comparing this to my experiences while staying on the Strip...Normally, I book my stay at the Cosmo, but this trip, I decided to stay downtown since my parents are staying at the Cal.Whenever I ask a strip casino a question using their online inquiry via their website, I have always received a response.  Always.I asked Main Street Casino a question and never get a response.  Poor customer service.  I even left a voice mail for the casino host.  No call back. Safe to say, I did not and will never stay here or patronize this establishment with my gambling $$.
3	Clean casino with tons of slot machines. Kind of limited on table games, but they had 3 craps tables ($5 min w/20x odds). The dealers are not good with their math so be cautious if playing craps. They also don't like "doing work" when pressing or changing bets. I gave a pass line "bet for the crew" with full odds (that won) thinking it would change their attitudes, but surprisingly it didn't. It's not a bad place to gamble, just be mindful of all your bets and payouts. If the table is hot, they will try to "stall" or "mess up" the flow of the game. Not sure why, but this seems to happen more often here than other casinos. Most of the dealers here seem unhappy to be there. Yes, the men's bathroom has pieces of the Berlin Wall. Kind of cool, but a little disrespectful as to where it's placed (directly behind the urinal). Not sure what "statement" they are wanting to make by placing it there.
3	I have to admit, Main Street Casino Brewing Hotel surprised me. When I think of properties in the Downtown area of Las Vegas, old, dingy, smoky comes to mind. Did I mention old? Well, Main Street is situated in the Downtown area and it's an older property. But during the holidays, for a family member's birthday, I wandered in and was pleasantly surprised. I didn't find Main Street to be as bad that I had thought it would be. I actually like the place.It's away from craziness of the strip and if you know the area, away from the traffic. It wasn't a foggy haze as I walked through the property and it wasn't so busy that I had to prepare myself for elbow checks if someone didn't make way for me. The employees were friendly and helpful. It wasn't so big that you could get lost and wander around aimlessly forever. And the buffet, the reason for my being there (for my cousin's birthday), wasn't too bad at all. There's also the Triple 7 which I guess is their adult beverage watering hole and there's of course, all the gaming. Main Street is an okay place and I'm sure I'll be back because I've heard that more and more people from Hawaii, including my family, are staying there now. Gotta see and be with family when they're in town and I'm around.
5	Our go to hotel for last minute trips never disappoints. Great prices and comfortable beds all within reach of everything Fremont has to offer. Cheap prices for their yummy home brewed beer as well? Cross the bridge to The Cal and check out Aloha Specialities. Yelp doesn't lie! Lol I love Main St.
4	Parking here isn't the greatest.  There is a structure on site with an elevator so slow you could typically crawl up/down the stairs twice before the elevator even shows up.  Or, you could park across the street.  The best bet is probably to use the valet service on the other side of the building from check-in.But the parking quibble aside, this hotel/casino has a lot going for it.  High ceilings over the casino floor help to make cigarette smoke far less obtrusive than at many other casinos.  Decent mix of slots (lots and lots of "penny" machines these days) and some good video poker pay tables (if you look for them).  Quite a few banks of video poker progressives, too.  Fairly small table games area that is pretty slow except for late evenings.Rooms aren't anything special but for one thing, most visitors to Las Vegas don't spend much time in the room.  For another, the non smoking rooms have always been truly non smoking.  At least the televisions are now decent flat screens.There are two restaurants: the buffet that has won awards for best Downtown Las Vegas buffet and the Triple Seven restaurant/bar with some of the best sushi in Vegas alongside reasonably priced, tasty bar fare.
4	PROSNo resort fee.Great free parking with no validation required.Comfy clean room with nice bed, clean bath and carpets.Low price rooms.Fantastic breakfast buffet in beautiful, spectacular surroundings.Wide-screen TV setup.CONSNoise - Patton's fifth Army could have made less noise, tanks and all!   Between the Highway and occasional trains passing through the noise was high. Couldn't sleep.   The windows didn't block much of the noise.No free Wifi. Costs is $10 per night per device, really?
4	I have been here several times an stayed here once. Overall this is a solid place.Starting with the hotel, the rooms are average size, clean and come with a mini fridge. I did notice the rooms on the side facing the freeway are louder so if you are a light sleeper ask for a south facing room. The casino is great. It is small but has plenty of tables. It has a different feel than most other downtown casinos. The antiques and turn of the century Victorian decor give it a rustic but classy feel. For gaming, there are several $5 double deck pitch games and at least one $5 craps table going most times. Main Street Station has some great microbrews. They will even comp them while you are playing. I liked the High Roller Gold. You can't beat the freshness. The restaurants are also great (see separate reviews for Triple 7 and The Buffet).Main Street is about a 5 minute walk from Fremont Street. It has a laid back feel and is primarily patronized by middle age people. I would strongly recommend it.
2	Been coming here for years, first time I have felt threatened downtown this time by their head of security.New policy as of today, $5 for parking.  Complained at players club, so they called head of security who said he disagreed with me.  They finally called casino manager who refunded my $5.  No signs on parking fee, girl at garage barely spoke English, abrasives security manager.  Time to spend my money elsewhere.
5	Update - Main Street Station now has internet in the rooms.  I love this place!  Great breakfast buffet and the best part is being able to get in and out of your room without having to drag your bags through the casino.
5	Caution:  I'm not reviewing the Aria, Wynn, etc.  This place ain't that, and that kind of stuff isn't how we roll.  I picked Main Street Station because we wanted to stay downtown.  The weekday rate of about $38 plus tax couldn't be beaten.   Check-in is a breeze, considering there is no corporate glut of zombies in suits trying to push you to sign up for something.  Our room was tidy and spartan, but that's what we wanted--clean, comfortable, and safe.  2 queen beds, a separate vanity/shower and toilet area, etc.  The room wasn't the glitziest, but again, we wanted something simple and affordable.  The staff was consistently friendly, and the interior is beautifully appointed (wood paneling, stained glass, etc.).  A downtown value and a definite return.
3	Stayed here for work. The room was decent, nothing too fancy but but not dirty either. Housekeeping was pretty good about cleaning up and changing the sheets when requested. Checking in was fast, the front desk employee looked miserable but whatever. The buffet was OK , nothing to brag about. Parking is not good, you have to walk down the stairs. You can hear the train at night but that doesn't really bother me. For the price I cant really complain. It was a decent experience.
3	This review is for the RV park only.  I only went into the casino/hotel to check in to the park.  The RV park can accommodate some pretty big rigs.  There is also additional parking just outside the park.  This is basically a parking lot with hookups, right next to the highway.  It's loud (traffic noise), but it's cheap and it has everything you need.  Pull through and back in sites that are fairly close to each other.  We definitely could not pull out our awning.  We don't have slides, but some did and were pretty close to each other.  You will need to park and then walk over to the hotel/casino front desk to check in.  I would encourage you to have them tell you the space you will be in and pull into it before you do.  They gave us a spot that was already filled over the phone.  To get to the hotel from the RV park, walk to the right of the laundry facility, through the gate and under the highway (this is where the two dog runs are BTW), then cross the street.Overall, if you have enough insulation in your RV to drown out the highway noise, it's not a bad deal.  The rate was about $18/night.  That's the cheapest RV spot will full hookups inside a city we've ever experienced.  Also, the laundry facility is pretty good.
5	Great payouts, dirt cheap great tasting beer, and a fun relaxed atmosphere has kept me coming back to the Station for years!  The strip is fun of course, but this place is built for the common man!  The guy who has a taste for craft beer cheap and icy cold.  The guy who wants his fun at the slots or tables to last, just a little bit longer!  I'm by no means saying stay off the strip.  I am however saying this place has to be put on your list of places to spend a few hours on your next trip to Sin City.
3	We stayed last August to get the Freemont Street Experience and not break the bank.  Easy to get to the covered area- just a short walk across the street.  The rooms were fine.  Standard size, clean, nothing fancy, nothing shabby.  I loved the lobby decor- reminiscent of an old west hotel lobby. The casino was fine..took my money just as every other one does.  I never had a problem getting a drink.  Frozen margaritas are just $1 if you're not gambling.We ate twice at the breakfast buffet.  Like other Boyd's properties, low price and pretty darned good.  Great variety, fresh items, not a single complaint from any one in our party of 10.
1	I usually frequent this casino for the buffet and convenient location. My husband and I stayed here once and they were so kind to give us a suite.  When I was planning my second stay here, they would not reserve a suite for me. I was told they are only for VIP guests and the managers discretion. Not available for reservation.  How ridiculous! They would rather turn down a paying customer verses a chance to fill the room with a heavy gambler.
2	This casino and their parking lot has already put a bad taste in my mouth. If your casino parking is charging for parking and it can't break a simple hundred then what are you in business for?? You're a casino! Have suitable change in your parking cause you just made your employee send away a customer. Poor Marco who had no choice but to deal with the casino's poor capacity for funds. Lucky my friends were there to help cause the parking guy and security were already sending me off somewhere else to find a parking.  I recommend you drive one more block down and give your money to a casinos that is always prepared and ready for service their customer.If they can't even get change for a hundred I'm afraid to find out what their hotel rooms look like. I think I'll go back to the strip from now on. Forget downtown.
5	I love the Triple 7great beers
4	This is my favorite downtown casino...... good service, nice restauranat and great bar. they have great craft beer and the Coldest beer around!!
5	Friday night's this is the place to be, if you are a sea food LOVER!!!! can you say CRAB LEGS =D I think $22 for ALL you can eat is awesome I been to a lot of other places here in Vegas and paid way more, I wasn't impressed at all...I'm a local here...but if your ever here in Las Vegas this is a MUST STOP SEA FOOD NIGHT!!!
4	The Garden Court Buffet is very affordable, breakfast for about 7 bucks, lunch for about 8 bucks, and Tuesdays T-Bone Steak from 4 to 9pm 13.99, Thursdays Steak & Scampi for the same price, but it's the Friday Seafood buffet from 4 to 10pm that rocks for 21.99 not bad. For what it is I'll give it a 4 star I'm a fan.
3	Don't be afraid to try this place out for size. The rooms are small (as all older hotel rooms are) but well appointed. The casino itself has a vintage appeal with alot of historic items on display. the 777 Brewery is suberb and will exceed your expectations. No pool though.
3	My dad loves staying here.  It is easy to get around.  The odds for craps are way better than the strip.  There is Hawaiian food across the street.  It might be little run down, Fremont Experience is next door, it just is not as "interesting" as the strip.  It just is not my cup of tea.
3	The bed was super comfortable and the room is nice and big. I also enjoyed the buffet breakfast downstairs and it's pretty reasonably priced. Although there are more reasonable places to eat in Vegas. But for staying in a hotel, it's nice to have something reasonable in the hotel. The water pressure is terrible though and there are nicer places you can stay for the same price that are closer to the strip. I'm not saying I would never stay here again, but there are comparably priced options that are more convenient. The managers in the buffet were rude, the servers were great though.
5	You can't go wrong when you book a room in one of the downtown hotels here in Vegas. Who knew that in Vegas at the Main Street Station Hotel for around $25 to $30 dollars plus tax you can get a nice large room with a King bed, flat screen TV, nice bathroom, and a nice view of the city depending on what floor you stay on? The only downside is that wifi is provided by a cable company called Cox that wants to charge you $9.99 per 24 hours of wifi usage. I have yet to explore the hotel so I'll definitely be staying here more often when I'm in town. And lastly the customer service was superb.
4	Enjoyable place to visit as a gamer or eater, but I haven't stayed there, yet, so not sure about accomodations. I have found the buffet there to be EXCELLENT, perhaps the best in Las Vegas, and, fairly priced. Wide variety of DELICIOUS foods there, especially the well-prepared steaks on T-Bone Tuesdays! Combine that with good ambiance, in the main part of an old train depot, and it's a HIT! A NATURAL HIT! Friendly and helpful waiting help there, dessert bar to dream about and excellent coffee, all adds up to a delightful buffet there. I find I return there again and again and again. Never disappointing! The 777 bar and brewery is EXCELLENT Micro Brew for ales (the Black Chip Porter is to dream about!) and reminds me of Wynkoop's in Denver or the Ice House there near Coors Field. The video poker and slot machines are good and are average for Downtown Vegas. Fun place to be! I rarely rate a place 5 stars so 4 stars is my 'Excellent'. :)
3	Definitely not a place I would recommend for younger folk. It's nice if you don't necessarily need all the chaos of the strip, and like to just have a separate experience from all the business. Additionally, a taxi to the strip is only about $20. Whatever you do, DO NOT check in at night. The night staff doesn't know what they're doing, and when you're just trying to get your room to sleep they somehow create unnecessary complications. The 777 restaurant downstairs in the hotel is decent and reasonably priced. If you need something to do, like everything else in Vegas, there is entertainment within walking distance. The Fremont Experience was not what I thought it would be (I was a but disappointed), but it's nice if you just want to go walking about.  Overall Main Street Station is located in the downtown area of Las Vegas, not for those looking to get crazy, and all together just...eh.
5	This is the place on Fremont Street. Triple 7 Brewery is awesome and I love their seasonal beers. The Monique is my all time fav. They have since lowered the alcohol content on it. I remember the first time I ordered, it only came in a sifter and had a two order limit. Now it comes in their regular beer glasses with your choice of size with no limit. It still tastes great, so that's all I'm worried about.The bar in the heart of the casino sells their regular house microbrews and the prices are crazy and dangerous! I could hang out there and wind up not being able to hit Fremont Street, if you know what I mean!Cool spot. You will have to check it out.
4	Stayed here as part of the Vacations Hawaii package. The check in was great though we had to wait a few hours for our baggage, but I chalked that up it is late and not many bellhops available at that time. The gift shop had stuff that we needed since I was coming down with a cold and had some knick knacks that I was able to buy for coworkers. We did the majority of playing here and did win some money, not a lot, but enough to not come home losers. The beds were comfortable, though the shower head was a little low. Considering we were out most of the time eating, gambling, and acting like tourists, it was worth the stay and will for sure stay again when we book again.
4	I can't lie - I had a lot of fun here. This casino is definitely reminiscent of old school Vegas. Lots of slots and tables that pay out pretty well. The staff are all nice. It doesn't get too crowded, which I like. I'd go back!
4	For the price this is a very good value. Groups are decent size and clean. The fact that it is connected to the California club Casino is a real convenience. Would stay here again.
3	I have stayed here a few times, usually meeting my brother from Hawaii, they have very good packages for HI residents.  Pros:  Usually very cheap, relatively clean, Triple 777 is a decent TGIF-type restaurant, the bartenders at the main casino bar are very nice, the tables usually have low limits and are not crowdedCons:  The rooms are basic and sparse, don't expect luxuries, fixtures are old and run down, beds weren't comfortable
5	Stayed here for 4 days rooms were decent with a "get what you pay for" look and feel. But I was in no way disappointed being that I didn't spend much time in it. The casino itself looks older but I'm guessing that's the whole idea? Compared to others downtown, it's definately on the nicer side. The bartenders are awesome! So friendly and attentive. Can't say that about too many other places in Vegas. Only real disappointment I had was not making it into their Friday night seafood buffet. Why?! Line was RIDICULOUS! Didn't move! So if u plan on hitting that buffet start lining up before they open at 4p. With that said, the triple 7 restaurant they have in the casino is super good. Sushi was great and love that they're open super late! Perfect place to stop for a quick bite after a night of drinking before heading back to your room. Will definately stay here again. Or at the least stop at the bar for some video poker!
4	Just reviewing the buffet since I couldnt find the buffet by itself. Good selection of food menu items for sunday brunch - asian, mexican, italian, omelet custom, american, salad, breakfast. Good number options for vegetarians too. Nice and clean and relaxed setting. I liked the lights as part of the setting. If u join the players club for free, u can get 1 dollar off per person.  Didnt really smell smoke inside dining area which was good.  Lots of people and.only downside was waiting in line to get seated but it went.pretty quick. Juices are not fresh (canned). They need to improve on this and get freshly squeezed juice. 12/ person. great price.
4	One of the nicest places downtown with the best buffet by far. The rooms are large enough but it's best to get a room on the south side it's quieter. The place has a nice old feel with wood  and antiques. I always win here and I even hit $1000 on the Wheel of Fortune once and $500 the previous visit. It is a great place for the money.
4	Excellent Value" The property is clean, friendly front desk and staff. Casino clean and excellent choice of slots (new games). Great food in restaurant "Triple 7" with a wide selection, Monday Night football a blast . The meals in the buffet for breakfast lunch and supper are very good with an amazing selection and the desert section is large and diverse. Tuesday evening features T Bone steak and Thursday features Steak and Scampi. Note the Wi-Fi is not free, but there is no Resort Charge. Further if you want to print a boarding pass printer available beside front desk.
1	I have been visiting Main Street Station Casino for a few years now, I usually go every week with a few friends, however, our recent experience with the parking attendant has allowed us to take our patronage elsewhere.We usually visit, gamble and buy some dinner/lunch at this casino, so when we visited on Sunday, we came purely for the buffet this time. The parking attendant (Philip) told us the parking would be comped if I visit the casino teller. I made sure of this before entering as I was visited with my parents fro our of state for the buffet (They dont like to gamble like us).I took my ticket to get validated and they told me I had to pay for parking. I explained the situation to them and they said I would have to gamble to get free parking. I went back to Philip, and he was probably the most rudest person I have encountered this year! He said "you people go too fast" and "you didn't listen properly".Firstly, this is EXTREMELY rude and very poor customer service, and secondly, I made an effort to clarifying the situation before I entered the parking lot. He closed the window in my face and started reading a newspaper.I want you to know that your potential customers are being bottle-necked by this excuse of an employee, which is why you may have been experiencing a reduction in customers since putting his sorry ass in that parking lot booth. He embarrassed me in front of my family and I will not forgive that.Please contact me when this matter is resolved, as I would love to visit this casino againRegards,Sean
5	I've never stayed at the hotel, but have frequented the casino and brewery on several occasions.  The staff is extremely friendly, the beer is great, the cost of the beer is amazing, and the bar food is bar food.  The look of the hotel is really cool and the old slot machine that they have on display are fun to look at. They also have some of the coin slot machines still, which is a fun blast from the past thing.  If I am downtown this is always my first stop.
5	This place is awesome... Best breakfast!!!   Everyone should try it!!!  We have eaten here for years and never been disappointed!!!
4	Just got home from a four night stay. Our room was clean, bed comfortable and good beer. Only negative is that it would have been nice to have the king bed my husband reserved instead of two queens. The bartenders and the beer is what makes this place. We enjoyed our stay and won't hesitate to stay here again
3	Decent beds, ok rooms.  Sleep and play, basics ok.  Not good at comps.  Could be cleaner, but it's not awful.  Gambling good here, Triple 777 brew pub always good.  Can't much complain for $70/night, I guess.  We've stayed on strip and off, we prefer staying in the Freemont area.
4	For the price you can't beat this hotel.  Three free nights and $20 in free food is a great deal.  We have stayed many places downtown and on the strip.  This was the first time we have ever stayed at Main Street and it did not disappoint. The rooms are clean, decent sized, the beds are comfortable and the elevators are quick.  What else do you need in Vegas?  The brew pub has great food and beer, but the buffet is the main gem of this hotel.  You can't beat the price and variety on the buffet.  From Italian to Hawaiian food this buffet covers it all and is quite tasty.The only downside is the location because it is two blocks off Fremont Street.  A small negative is that the room safe has a physical key vs. a code system.  On the plus side you will never see another hotel this vintage and beautiful.  If you aren't staying there it is definitely worth a trip to see it and while you are there hit the buffet!  PS - This is and The California hotel are where all of the Hawaiians and other Pacific Rim folks stay...they obviously know a great place!
4	My daughter and I were in NV to tour  Main Street Las Vegas Brewing Hotel and see NV . I booked us at the Hotel Angeleno. A great place to stay. Close to The 405 and to  Main Street Casino Brewing Hotel. Right on Sunset. Perfect location. We love the free parking / valet, free WiFi, room service was awesome! GREAT customer service. Our room was very clean and comfortable. I would highly recommend and will use this hotel on our next trip to NV. Keep up the good work!
4	Good value hotel, rooms are cheap & basic but all you really need for a trip to Vegas. We requested no smoking floor / room which is what we got but the rooms still smelt of smoke like majority of vegas really just a warning. Annoying but a reality of a casino in Nevada. Gaming floor is mid sized and never crowded operating around the clock. The Brewery is actually in the 777 restaurant. Their beers are also available at the main bar and from cocktail waitresses.  Microbrews are cheap and quite good. Food from 777 is great with some dishes having a Hawaiian influence due to the high number of Hawaiian tourists in this hotel. No laundry except weekday dry clean so we went to the attached Rv park laundrette which was fine but wouldn't be doing at night time. Overall good value for money
4	Only real grump was the click on click off noise of the fans on the air conditioner. This may be a room-only issue, but it was also mentioned in an earlier review. The hotel is well-located for the NV Live activities (good restaurants, shops, event venues are all within a block or two walk) and the group with which we traveled (for the 2013 Rose Bowl) found the bus access area very convenient. Breakfast service was a bit slow, but we were enjoying the morning papers and not having to be dashing off for appointments.
3	Haven't stayed here, so the review is actually for the gambling/eating experience.  This is my 2nd favorite hotel to gamble at while Downtown (California Hotel being the first).  The hostesses that walk around asking if you want drinks are sparse.  Or they probably just hang around the tables (I'm a slot machine person).  Then again, I suppose it's like that at ALL casinos.  Oh well.  We go to this hotel's buffet (when we don't feel like eating The Cal's oxtail soup).  Their buffet isn't the greatest, but it does what it's supposed to...fill you up.
2	I have ate here before and the food was decent, nothing I would make a point to go back for. This trip we did a flight at the brewery. The bartender was VERY informative about beer and the beer offered there which was fantastic, except the part that the beer was all just okay and out of all of them (9 maybe) not one stood out. Most of them my mother didn't drink and I couldn't pick one I would want a pint of or to go back for. Big let down!
