5	Do me a favor and get the 'Antep sandwich,' priced at $6.Absolutely fantastic; beautifully seasoned and perfectly grilled boneless lamb kebab, served in a country Turkish-style freshly-baked bun, with a light smattering of tomato, parsley, and sesame/garlic sauce.Cooked to order-doesn't get much better than this.
4	here's the run-down - Atmosphere, Service, & FoodAtmosphere: Antep Kabab - for all of Montreal's diverse culinary fabric - is one of the few Turkish restaurants found in down-town.  The fact that it's owner operated, gives it its unique feel - what the feel is, however is yet to be clearly determined.  It's small, but cozy, quite but bustling, uniquely Turkish but feel like any number of places around the Concordia Campus.  Best is to pop in for take out.Service: The lady behind the counter - always on her laptop pc - has a jovial smile, but can be stern if the mood doesn't strike her.  The owner, a short, burly man is the head cook (also makes the bread / pitas) speaks english with difficulty and although always happy to take customer's orders - can often been seen barking remarks / order as the 2 other employes on the counter lady.  Cute family-ish dynamic - but sometimes gives patrons an awkward feeling.Food:  The food however, is something else!  The fact that everything is made fresh, makes Antep's menu a treasured prize for the hungry student, traveller, err... everybody.  Prices have been on the rise (damn you inflation!) and Antep's sandwiches (kabab, shish taouk (chicken portions), kebab, and filet mignon) have gone up in price to $6 each.  Two of them should do the trick when you're hungry.  Everything is cooked on a charcoal grill & as an added bonus you can find many exotic soft drinks and juices at Antep (those from the Mediterranean part of Europe and the Middle East will recognize many of them).  Take note, only cash is accepted."Baten Malan, Kef Tamam" (full stomach, happy mind)
4	The chicken sandwich that I had was perfect.. The only reason I'm not rating it 5 * is because it took them 15 minutes to prepare it and the atmosphere was not that good. Taste wise though, perfect
5	Best Turkish grilled sandwiches in town ....Amazing food for a cheep price .Very tasty and delicious .Be careful it is very addictive ...
5	So good.  One of the best values in town.  I love lamb and they do it amazingly here.  The best value is to get a chicken sandwich for only 6 dollars! They put tomatoes, cucumbers and tzatziki with your choice of meat.  Everything is done in house from the amazing bread to the freshly grilled meats.  I try and come here for lunch since my work is so close as many times as I can.The platters are also really good just a bit more expensive because its much more food.  The place at first seems like a hodge podge of furniture and a hole in the wall, but it is really really good.  You won't be disappointed!It does take awhile to prepare so call ahead!
2	The good:Very friendly and warm serviceLamb has great flavorBread is fluffy and warm and amazingThe bad:Lamb was super fatty.  I had to remove half of the meat because it was all gristle and uck.  From all the other positive reviews I'm guessing I just got the blubbery ends, but it's the blubbery ends I got, so else can I review?
5	PROS:1. Spicy Chicken Sandwich is to die for ! ! ! The bread is made in house and has sesame seeds which adds really great flavor to the smokey chicken with tzatziki/veg. So goooooood....2. Quick. Cheap.CONS:1. Food is too good to see a con.OVERALL:-Go, you will not regret it!!
5	I know of only 2 places that make fast food turkishstyle and this is the best one.I honestly believe it's the best quick bite in the downtown area.Pros:  Amazing bread, kebab, chicken and filet mignon, the salad is always fresh and complements the meal quite nicely. I cannot stress how delicious the meats are and the breads are also a delight.Cons: Lamb is pricey ($10 for sandwich and $20 for plate.The side of bulgur is not good and cold mush (no rice or fries to substitute). Last issue is you only get half a bread for a plate even though it's twice the price of a sandwich. So better to take 2 sandwiches with 2 yummy breads.The interior decorating is lifted out of a failed nightclub and the uneven tables seem to wobble a bit, but who cares.The service is also pretty friendly, but you have to give them a few minutes to make the food. This is not a standard shish taouk joint.
4	I had one of the lamb sandwiches. It was pretty good. The service was very slow
5	Really great meats, and barley. Yummmm The Barley! so good. Great salad as well as yogurt with spicy sauce. I think I like the minced meat the most.
4	I went there last week, had the kafta-kebab sandwich and it was absolutely STELLAR, good bread and nice, spicy meat. The decor is whatever but for very good, spicy kebab, this is seriously excellent. I will definitely come back!
5	AMAZING charcoaled kebab sandwhichs ! Hidden little jewel !
5	Wow, this place rocks. For only $6 I got a freshly made grilled chicken sandwich, it was yummy. They even bake their own bread, it is a round Turkish bread that make this restaurant really unique. Excellent value
3	Ermahgerd! I got the Antep sandwich and lost my mind. It's so smokey and delicious. The meat melted in my mouth. The tatsziki is creamy with just the right amount of dill. You guys, this is a sandwich epiphany.  Please go here immediately. You will be soooooo happy.Side note: you're gonna want to give yourself a day to recover. It's pretty heavy.
4	Very good food. Took a few minutes to prepare, but it was well worth it. When the staff and most of the customers are speaking Turkish (as was the case when I visited), and the coolers are stocked with soft drinks imported from Turkey, you know it's the real deal.
4	Overall a great Armenian fast food type of restaurant.   The cashier was extremely helpful concerning our lack of knowledge in both Armenian sandwiches and the French language. She suggested turnips as one of our vegetable add-ons and it made it much better than the standard Greek gyro. Also, free Wi-Fi for all customers was available. What a blessing for us tourists!
4	A hidden gem that u walk by and might not realize what you're missing.. Love their bread pockets with fillet mignon and kabab..
5	First time here. Ordered filet mignon sandwich and chicken rice plate; request for spicy. Excellent taste with great flavours. When lining up, make a final decision on your order as its a busy place. Try also the Uludag drink (orange flavour)
5	LOOVE the spicy chicken sandwich here.  I call in 15 min before I come otherwise you wait 15+ min. I haven't tried the filet mignon bc I always crave the chicken. The buns are sooo good that I take a bite of my hubby's buns when he is not looking.  That's how good it is mm ya!  It taste doughy n fresh just how I like it =) Best Turkish sandwich and buns I ever had!!
5	AMAZIINNGGGG!!!!!The Meat is great,the staff is politeThe best turkish food in Montreal
5	Superb chicken sandwich and amazing freshly made bread. If you are around, you must come by and give it a try.
4	a friend of mine recommended this Turkish restaurant to me. I am not big on grilled meat in general. It just happened I was in area so I decided to check it out for a late lunch. I ordered a chicken sandwich which comes in. Freshly baked Turkish bread. The chicken was yum and I really liked the bread so much.  The portion was huge so I could not finish it. I paid about $6 for it and it was totally worth it. I also liked the fact the restaurant looked very clean on the inside. They have an open kitchen concept so i got to see how my sandwich was prepared which is nice. I am highly skeptical when it comes to those little fast food restaurants but Antep Kebab gets thumps up. I would go back again especially for the bread.
5	Walked into this place and was greeted with a smile.  The owner was very friendly. I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich and was not disappointed. The bread was fluffy and fresh and the sandwich was loaded with chicken. I will definitely be coming back here to try the filet mignon sandwich as well. For $6.50 the sandwich is a great deal. The combination of freshly grilled meat with fresh veggies make this sandwich mouth watering. I can't wait to get my next sandwich.
3	Food was good, though I wasn't impressed with the quality of the lamb. The guy operating the cash register was a huge jerk (maybe because I'm a foreigner?) and he rounded down my change to the nearest dollar... Atmosphere was fine, nothing special. It's not super cheap either, about $10 for a sandwich. Go for it if you're a sandwich/kebab fan, otherwise try something else.
5	The spicy chicken sandwich was my first one I've had here. Pretty safe to say it won't be my last.
4	Awesome kabob sandwiches that they make using their fresh baked breads. Probably my favorite part was the fresh bread. The meats were also very good. You can watch them freshly cooking all the meats over the wood coal stove. Simply  delicious.  A must if you are in the area.
4	I went there for lunch and I had the spicy kebab sandwich. The meat very tasty and the bread was the best part; it is homemade right in front of you. The staff was really polite and friendly. My friend took the chicken sandwich and she like it as well. Would recommend to anyone who is really hungry, because the portions are quite big.
5	This place literally has the best chicken sandwich I've ever tasted.The chicken itself is moist, charred, and flavourful, and really stands out as the star of this establishment in my opinion. Their bread is baked fresh and is just awesome. It's sort of a small place so it might get kind of crowded if you're planning on eating there. Take a sandwich (or 2!) to go - trust me, it's worth it.
4	I had no expectations when I first walked through the door. I ordered the spicy chicken sandwich and boy, the chicken really had the charcoal grilled flavour. The sandwich itself, however, was ok. It contained too much mayonnaise/cheese (fats) and it became a mess cuz the bread fell apart. And we could barely taste the spiciness. But for 6.50$, I'd still take that over a burger at Mcdonalds any day of the week.
