5	Best Wells Fargo I've been in and by far the most helpful bankers out of the valley WF's I've been in.  Paulette has gone above and beyond to help me with my personal accounts and setup another LLC for me and later on a DBA and fix those typical WF surprise fees that I'm not supposed to get but always seem to pop up.Other that that, it's a typical bank but located in a good place and quick and easy to get in and out.  Thanks Paulette
4	I have been to this location several times and each experience has been pleasant.  The most recent experience at the drive thru was the one to make me want to write the review.  I was very impressed by the drive thru service. Having previously worked a bank drive thru, I know how easy it is to forget the customer service that comes naturally (at least for some people) when interacting face to face.The teller greeted me way before I was even ready to send my transaction thru the tube (showing she was paying attention and acknowledged that I had arrived), she very kindly told me what she needed me to send her (so there wasn't a lot of back-and-forth tubing to take up a lot of time and make that awful loud noise), she filled out all of the slips so all I had to do was sign my name and she delivered on my every request (specific bill denomination, in an envelope) with a smile.Banks are banks (just like cell phone companies).  Most products and services and fees are almost interchangeable, you have to find the one that fits your needs.  Working within federal guidelines and having to stay competitive, keeps them all fairly similar.  What makes the biggest difference is the people that work for the company and the way that you feel when you are interacting with that company.  To me, this was a great example as to why I like to bank with Wells Fargo.
5	I had to come here for for the first time the other day to make a mortgage payment on my rental house that would have been late if I had mailed it, like I normally do.  I was greeted at the door by an friendly employee who directed me to a teller for my transaction.  They also had what appeared to be a complimentary hot coffee station by the door as well.  That was a nice touch.The line moved very quickly and when I got to the teller she politely greeted me and I explained that I needed to make my first ever, in-person mortgage payment because it was nearly past due and she said 'no problem' and was extremely efficient in handling my paperwork.  I think she was finished crediting my account within 90 seconds.  Yay!Overall this was a pleasant experience, and aside from gagging from the strong smell of cigarette smoke wafting off the guy in line in front of me, I enjoyed the experience at this Wells Fargo.
5	Great service!
1	Lol, the glowing reviews below mine must be fake.  I've banked with WF for over 5 years, mostly at the downtown branch.   I found them to have predatory policies that take advantage of people with limited income.  Any debits you have will always be taken before any deposits and if you live on a shoestring as do many in these difficult times, WF will not have your back here.  The personnel seem extra polite but will politely rob you and leave you to die.  I have stopped my direct deposits with them as they gave themselves license to help themselves to my money with no recourse to complain.  I'm opening a credit union account today, anything has to be better than these robbers.  Run away!
4	Moved over from B of A. This branch is friendly and fast. Hate having to go to the bank, but at least this place makes it just a bit better. Love their cookies too!
1	The worse bank ever! They are a bunch of crooks like Bank of America and Chase. I no longer bank with them and have decided to switch to credit union.
5	This branch of wells fargo is awesome. Everyone is so nice, and they always have free coffee and bottled water.  Always someone to great you to help out. And all the tellers are helpful and friendly. When I have had some issues with my account they have always been happy to take care of it.
4	I use this Wells Fargo for business banking and I have always had great customer service here. Sometimes the lines can get long but that is the case with any bank. The thing that sets this location apart from others is the customer service reps who come and ask if they can get you water or coffee while you wait. The tellers are all extremely friendly and it really makes me think that whoever manages this branch is doing a really good job. Overall I really enjoy my experience at this location of Wells Fargo and if it was not so much of a hassle with my other bank, I might consider switching my personal accounts over to this location as well.
1	Over the years I've been to several Wells Fargo branches and for the most part they are pretty friendly; this one is the exception.  I went in because I was having a problem with a  vendor charging my checking account and over drafting it.  Prior to this the only other time I have been charged a any fee was when they switched my account and the bank kept on billing me for a monthly fee in error which they reversed.A girl sat down with me and went over my account.  She was courteous but kept on trying to get me to sign up for things.  I told her I was good but she continued for several minutes until finally she asked what she could do for me.  Funny thing is when I sat down I told her exactly why I was there.  I repeated why I was there and she looked through my account again, the previous ten minutes she looked at my account I guess was just to try to sell me something.  I explained to her about the bank errors fees being waived.  After a long pause she said she had to talk with her manager about reversing the fee and she got up and left.  Another 7-10 minutes later she comes back and says she couldn't waive the fee.  When I asked why? She said because they had already waived monthly fees.  AGAIN I explained to her that those were waived  because of a bank error.  I asked if I could speak to her manager but she said he was busy and couldn't talk with me.  At the end of the day the fee didn't bug me as much as the TREATMENT.  They had me there for 20 freakin minutes and this guy couldn't come out of his little back door to talk to me for 2 seconds?  Also,  if you weren't going to waive it why not tell the person in the first few minutes, why drag it out for so long?In the end I called the 800# and they waived it right away. If the people at this branch had bothered to read the notes on my account like the agent at the call center did they could have resolved it then and there.  Instead they were inept and a total waste of time.
5	I've used this Wells Fargo for years and have always had prestigious service. I've only ever had two problems with my accounts and they quickly fixed them. This Wells Fargo is closest to my work but I enjoy this particular store so much I go out of my way for my personal banking. Everyone is always extremely courteous and happy to help. They are always on you're side and want what is best for you.
1	FOLLOW UP: Still a crap rating for this branch...about the NSF I called the 800# and they waived it right away. Today  went through the drive through against my better judgment and the teller LOST my drivers license. YUP she handed it  back to another car that drove off and since the guy just cashed a check and has no Wells Fargo account they don't have a way of getting ahold of him to get my license back. LUCKY me! Wells Fargo should just shut down this branch!
