5	This little spot is my favorite public space in downtown Phoenix.  Heritage Square evokes a metropolitan feel focusing on past, present and future.I think it's the juxtaposition of the old historic houses against the rising modern skyline to the west.  Or maybe it's the ethnic and cultural festivals galore, where I can catch sumo wrestling or hula dancers. Or perhaps it's the fact that it's a walkable city block and also host to the Arizona Science Center, Phoenix Museum of History and other historical houses or great restaurants like Pizzeria Bianco. It might be a combination of all of those things. I have spent many weekends here, too many to count. While I dig the ethnic festivals in particular (just went to the Indian festival the other day) - it's also host to the Rainbows Festival, which celebrates the GLBT community and diversity and is one of the largest street festivals in Phoenix. I am diggin on you, Heritage Square. Werd!
5	I totally agree with Stevey  P - the best thing about Heritage Square is that it preserves the past while still celebrating modern culture. Yes, you can see beautifully-restored Victorian homes and imagine how things used to be, but you can also have some of the country's best pizza at Pizzeria Bianco, down a pint at Rose & Crown, or take part in celebrations of different cultures and social groups. We walked around here for the first time this past Friday, when it was deathly hot out, but I look forward to cooler weather, when my husband and I can come here and sit one of of the gorgeous, shaded benches and just take in the scene.
4	i've lived in the downtown area for like 85% of my life and have only ventured into the heritage square area a few times for Heritage Squarish events...usually it's a walk thru to the Arizona Science Center or to a parking lot. but i was here two weekends back to back for the NBA All-Star game tip off party and the Matsuri Festival a week later..and wow. this place can have some awesome things happening.the tip off party...75-80 bucks for a ticket..and full range to entertainment lots of food and drinks to sample...free of course. plus the museum and science center were open. live DJ music and access to Pizzeria Bianco and Rose and Crown. totally made my night. the Matsuri Festival was alot of fun, saw Jack play the drums, saw some kids dressed up as anime and manga characters. no free drinks that day. but still was alot of fun.Heritage Square gets my 4 stars for being a cool place to have things to do. plus the old houses and stuff rock.
3	I am still undecided on what is better... going when there isn't a soul around or attending an event here. It is a nice place for events, but I think in that atmosphere you lose a lot of what this place is really supposed to be all about; history. Going when there is no one there is kind of boring though. Well even after growing up in Az I still don't understand what it is about this place that makes it a must see, perhaps it's a lack of anything really interesting to do in Phoenix.
4	Nice Plaza/Park. Two Museums, a couple very cute restaurants and in the middle of lots.  Its near the convention center, walkable distance to CHASE Stadium too, and across the new ASUniversity.Parking: Theres a parking structure, and very little small parking lots around the place.  Museums: Arizona Science Center & Arizona Museum of HistoryRestaurants: Biano Pizzeria, Rose Restaurant, and more...Theres benches around the area if you want to sit down.  Small place but big enough to have two museums I guess.
4	Heritage Square earns a fourth star in my book for being a historical landmark in Phoenix. But what exactly lives in Heritage Square? Let me tell you! Here, the Arizona Science Center, famous Pizzeria Bianco and Nobuou at Teeter House call this humble square home. The Arizona History Museum used to also live here, but now the Arizona Science Center is converting it to another part of their experiment. Heritage Square has a comfortable feeling to it. As I walk through, I enjoy looking at the historical Rosson House. I've been through once and it's a nice little history lesson if you're looking for something to do. I also like how Heritage Square hosts a variety of festivals throughout the year. I wish they did more and took more advantage of the space, but the ones they do are nice.  What I like most about Heritage Square is the ambiance in the late afternoon as the sun is starting to set and the weather is breezy but warm. As I walk through, I look up and see the city surrounding me and it makes me appreciate Downtown Phoenix. Plus the architecture of the Science Center along with the historical buildings housing the restaurants and other museums add to the character of the square.
4	Heritage Square itself is great and has all different kinds of events going on. It is also literally right by the Arizona Science Center. The setting is great, the plants and buildings are beautiful and unique, and the entire area is a pleasure to be in.World Festival: My last visit was for WorldFest, a cultural festival celebrating cities from around the world. Most of it was a less-than-thrilling and a lot geared towards children (which I don't have). They did have a massive "Beer & Wine from around the world" stand that was extremely fun. Beer tickets were $5 for 4 (mildly annoying that each ticket was $1.25 instead of just $1) but each ticket could get you a sample or 4 tickets a glass. 4 samples do add up to a glass, so we opted to get all samples and try as many things as possible.Japanese Festival: My first visit was for the Japanese Festival, which was very fun. There was a ton to see, though a lot of it was food. The performances were interesting and the only downside was the amount of people. It was so crammed that you could hardly walk! I guess a bigger venue would have been better for the turnout, but it was still a good time.
4	This is a great location to visit, and seems to be a good spot for holding events, too.  We have gone here for various events, including the Matsuri Festival (kind of a shame that it has turned into an anime fest over the years...there is so much more to Japan's culture than that!) and it's a beautiful area.  I love the historic buildings and the landscaping is beautiful.  It's surrounded by the city, so you get a good view of the city lights at night, too.  It's a fairly good size for accommodating lots of people.  I  photographed a wedding here over the weekend, and I have to say it's a great photo spot!  I didn't have to worry too much about getting something ugly in the background, because most of the area is photo friendly.  The wedding was at night, but the lighting setup allowed for some really unique and beautiful shots of the bride and groom.  All the guests seemed to be having a blast at the wedding and the layout of the courtyard was perfect for allowing things to run smoothly.  The night was chilly, but heaters were provided, so everyone was comfortable.  Smart planning, Heritage Square! One consideration is that the kitchen and preparation rooms look like they are in serious need of renovating.  So if you're planning an event that relies heavily on these areas, you probably want to check it out before booking to ensure it will meet your needs.  Otherwise, I highly recommend this beautiful, historic location.
3	Has needs - trash cans - benches - amphitheatre
4	What a cool little spot that I didn't even realize was a spot until last week. I used to just think of it as the plaza by the Science Center but now I know it as much more.I was here twice on back to back days and realized the beauty of this place. First I was here for a lunch time visit to Pizzeria Bianco and then relaxed for a bit in the square and just enjoyed the weather. The next night I was back to enjoy the Phoenix Brewers Invitational beer fest where the square was packed with vendors and music and made for a great setting for a beer fest. Everything was close and going one end to the other seemed full of stuff but not a long walk either.With events like the beer fest and daily joys like the Science Center, Bianco and Nobuo this is a great little spot.
5	Neat little area!  Great place to take photos but you may want to check first if there's anything going on that day.  The place can get crowded.  I just happen to be there during the Matsuri Festival and it was a delightful surprise.  I will have to keep up with the happenings here!
4	I always love coming to this location.  It just feelings so cozy and relaxing.  I came here for the Matsuri Festival on Saturday.  WOW, it was crowded.  It had crafts, products to buy, dances, food, drinks, plants, etc.  It was very cool to see some many people out and about.  I am normally here for the AZ Science Center.
3	I have been to 2 Cultural festivals here. It is a great venue for showcasing food and cultural performances. Parking can be steep at the garages nearby if you cannot find it for free on the street.
5	Excellent place to unwind in hectic downtown!
4	This is a nice place to attend special events.  Home to the restaurants of two James Beard award winning chefs is a big plus as well!
5	Beautiful area to walk around, check out museums and eat at local restaurants. Area is very clean and safe.
