2	So, this location used to be Thai Elephant, then it was 5R Cha Thai, now it's My Mom's Thai Kitchen.  I went there last week during their "soft opening" as they were offering 50% off lunch.  It was a good thing there was a discount because had I had to pay full price I would have asked for a refund.  1. the decor was not complete.  I know this has nothing to do with how the food tasted (we'll get to that), but it adds to the ambiance.  half the walls were only half painted over the last owners color scheme.  After the place filled up with people, it became very hot in their and even though they had fans going, it wasn't enough to cool it down.2. when my party of 3 was seated i noticed the couple next to us was still waiting on one of their lunches.  the woman had her food; however, the man had been waiting for his food for about 15 minutes ( i know b/c i asked him).  going against my gut, we ordered.  My co-workers ordered Pad Thai.  One with chicken and one with pork.  I ordered chicken fried rice with a heat level of 4.  After a good 12 minutes or so the first order of Pad Thai arrived.  then we waited another 5 or so minutes and the other pad thai arrived.  i then waited another 15 minutes for my chicken fried rice.  During this time, the staff was running around like crazy people delivering dishes to wrong tables.  I saw what i assume was my chicken fried rice being delivered to a 4-top of people (who had pretty much just sat down).  so, after 15 minutes i asked the server where my food was....another 5 minutes later he finally brought my chicken fried rice.  One problem...it was not spicy...at all.  I ordered a level 4 (out of 5) because i really like spicy food. The chicken fried rice was nothing special and neither was the pad thai.  I was especially disappointed with the timing of the food.  i understand it was their soft opening; however, i cannot excuse waiting over 25 minutes for food that wasn't even prepared how I ordered it.  if all the food took as long to get to the table i would be more forgiving; however, the timing of the food was so off i can't look past it.  my co-workers were also not impressed with their meals.  there are three other Thai places in downtown Phx that are very good.  I won't be back to My Mom's Thai Kitchen.
2	I tried lunch with a friend at this new place.  I ordered the Garlic Chicken and my friend ordered the Garlic Shrimp.  The sparse sauce on both our plates was salty, but hardly garlicky, and there wasn't one piece of garlic on our plate.  The chicken in my dish was very bland, under seasoned and very dry. It was served quite quickly, and about five minutes before my friend's dish, so I wonder if perhaps they cook the chicken ahead, which would account for its dryness.  My friend said her dish was very bland.  Very disappointing meal.  We will stick with the consistently good Thai Basil, which is just across the street.
5	I'm not sure who this ass S.D. is? This New Thai resturant is the BEST Thai in downtown PHX. If you do not believe me come and have lunch or dinner. The inside is absolutely georgous. Sharp NEW interior, with colors very tastefully coordinated!The food is fresh, always made to order, (not like a chain resturant "Thai Basil")Variety offered on the always changing menu is differnet from ANY Thai resurant in the entire valley.The staff are Fast, even during busy lunch hour!
5	Food was great at my moms Thai kitchen. Me friend and I ordered the Thai basil chicken and 3 appetizers, spring rolls, fried octopus and chicken satays. The appetizers were 50% off for happy hour.  They were all great, especially the fried octopus. it was tender which is really hard to make since most restaurant over cook it.  Chicken basil was yummy too. I am from Malaysia. It's hard to find authentic Asian cookings here in Phoenix. Definitely would go back again. And not mention the staffs are super friendly!!
2	Cute little Thai shop in Downtown Phoenix. It seems like there are a million Thai joins in the area...apparently middle-aged businessmen/women are craving the curry and pad se ew nowadays. The decor is nice and modern, menu all-encompassing. The server was a little hurried even though we were the only ones eating at the time. I ordered a simple Chow Mein (my bad for ordering Chinese at a Thai restaurant) which came out lukewarm/cold and not spicy at all even though I asked for Thai hot. The prices seemed fair but given that my meal was cold and serving size was a little lacking, I had a hard time coughing up the $25 for the two of us.Walk about 100 ft to the West and you'll hit a very good Thai place that I've eaten at several times. (Thai Basil)
4	I happened upon My Mom's Thai Kitchen this afternoon while on a quick walk to find something new for lunch. Imagine my luck! I had every intention of just grabbing something to go, but I was able to sit down and enjoy a cup of soup while waiting for my order to come out. Such a nice soup, lemon and chicken. I brought my tofu basil back to the office and was very pleased with it. Just the perfect amount of heat, flavorful sauce that wasn't too heavy, and the tofu was fried perfectly. I can't wait to go back.The decor was nice, but is that paint color Blush of Bashful?
5	Today on my lunch break I was craving real taste full Thai food, My co-worker told me that I HAD TO TRY My mom's Thai Kitchen, So I had to try it for myself. The decor of the resistant was amazing, I would sad that it had very asian modern look to it, I am sucker for modern decor. Since is was lunch I had to try their famous hot sour soup with chicken. As soon as the soup arrived to my table the smell already won me over. That was just the beaning, The first taste of the soup made me feel like I was in Thai Land,. Than I also ordered from their expres menu. KHO KHA MOO stew leg pork  which came in 5 minutes like they said less than 5 minutes, The dish was to die for, I could stop myself from licking the whole plate, I had stop myself from ordering another dish to go, This resistant is now the only I am going to order Thai food from. I see myself coming very often. The staff was also amazing and I felt the the strong peaceful warmth of Thai culture from the staff. Also having a smile on their faces and making sure I was well taken care of, Mantegna was also on point and made sure I was taken care of,, YOu must come and try it for yourself and you will now want to leave, I see myslef as a number one customer already, SO PLEASE SUPPORT THIS RESISTANT AND EAT "HERE,  MIguel R My Mom's number 1 fan!
5	DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY IT'S COVER (OR NAME) ...  This place from the outside didn't appeal to us, but when we went to look at the outside menu and the waitress came out to greet us, we were first impressed. We went in and it was WAY different than the outside prospective. It was super clean and quaint. The food was amazing. We had the tom kha soup with chicken and it was great. We had the spring roll appetizer and they were delicious as well. We would have never thought the service and quality of Thai food would have existed in this place. The name and logo us pretty lame, but the food and service is excellent. We would totally recommend it
3	I feel that this is going to become a review in progress.  I just started coming here since the new ownership, I live in the neighborhood, and  am a huge Thai food fan. In fact, we are really great friends. I have been here on one occasion so far. Ordered the chicken noodle for lunch, which was perfectly spiced but a bit on the oily side. I do admit, however, my portion size could have been a bit larger...but, that's alright, it would most likely only encourage me to eat too much.  Four stars for the food.  I knock off a star as I was wanting to order take out without having to wait inside the restaurant, but there is NO WEBSITE, meaning no menu from which to order. So, there may be some lost business there.  At least from this customer. Hopefully they will rethink their marketing or maybe it's just taking them forever  to put up...
5	Delicious and tastes like the food in Thailand. Definitely to return for mieng kum!
3	There are four Thai restaurants within a block of each other, and My Mom's Thai Kitchen is the newest addition. It is a clean and modern space with minimal decor and quiet background music.When I arrived early evening mid-week I was the only customer. The server (possibly owner/manager) was friendly and chatty. I ordered the Tom Yum Gai, which is a spicy broth with lemongrass, lime, mushroom, tomato, cilantro and chicken. I asked for it Native Thai spicy and it was perfect. the server brought me some Nam Phrik (fish sauce with chilies) in case it wasn't spicy enough (but it was!)For the entree I asked for her recommendation, saying I was looking for something with noodles. She got very excited about a dish, that unfortunately I didn't catch the name of, and I went with her suggestion.Unfortunately, it wasn't great. It was a big bowl of beef, broth and noodles, similar in appearance to Vietnamese Pho, but the resemblance stopped with the looks. It was overpowered with lemongrass. Literally every spoonful was a spoonful of lemongrass. The noodles were ramen in style and completely overcooked to the point of being gummy. I made a valiant effort to eat around the lemongrass and noodles, but gave up. It was inedible. When she came by to check, I told her there was too much lemongrass for my taste, and that I didn't really like it, but she said that is how it is supposed to be. No suggestion of a replacement was made and after that she kind of avoided my table. I was considering dessert (I have a weakness for sticky rice and mango), but I wasn't given the option as the check was automatically dropped.One other thing that kind of bugged me - while I was there another table was seated and they asked for the happy hour menu. I wasn't offered the happy hour menu and I would have liked to at least been given the opportunity to take a look at it. Nothing on my bill was discounted for Happy Hour.$36 (inc tax and tip) for small soup, bowl of noodles and 2 beers.
3	I was here for work and it was just around the corner from our office. There were about 5 of us, so we ordered the duck fried rice to share and also had our own entrees. I loved their duck fried rice, but can't say that my entree was memorable. Their thai iced tea was pretty good though.
3	I grabbed a quick dinner tonight at My Mom's Thai Kitchen.  It is strange to me that there are so many Thai restaurants within a few blocks of each other...and none of them are really that good.  I ordered my noodle dish mild (since I have only ever been served it this way...actually normally sweet) and it came out pretty spicy and not in a good way.  I ate half of it and moved on...probably won't be back even to try another dish.  However, the staff was very friendly and welcoming!
4	Fantastic Thai cuisine served to your spicy index every time. I have dined several times on layovers in PHX and have always walked out 100 percent satisfied, both with the food and the service provided by Pom and Austin. Do not miss the spicy flaming soup it is fantastic. In fact, i try a new dish every visit and the flavors and spice are always perfect. Just let Pom know what you like as far as fish, chicken or beef and let her order up you a meal worth a post on Facebook!!! Enjoyps..this is a 4/5 rating. i am saving the 5/5 rating for Mom when i visit Thailand myself
4	As with all of my reviews, I am reviewing the restaurant against what one would expect considering the location, intent of owner etc.  In this case, I am rating the restaurant as as a casual, quick place for a quality Thai lunch in downtown Phoenix.  Thus the 4 stars.The menu is very clear and easy to understand.  you choose your meat, your style of preparation and your desired hotness.On my first visit I had the seafood pad see ew noodles HOT.  For a beverage I had a thai Iced tea (some kind of dairy over strong tea with ice).  Everything was wonderful.  Nice portion size for a quick lunch.  The service was great with an engaging attentive staff.  I will return for lunch as a regular.
5	I have had the opportunity to go to this restaurant twice. I am VERY satisfied with the food and the service. My experience has always been a pleasure. I am immediately greeted and seated. I am served with water right away. There are many options to choose from and lunch specials. Once you order you are given a small bowl of fresh soup that by fair is the best soup I have had. I don't recall the type of soup but it is a broth soup that is good enough to order to eat alone.Both time I chose the Tai Basil. Fresh basil, veggies and chicken. Served with Rice and a Egg Roll. Large portion sizes enough to not be hungry later.You are always thanked for dining when you leave. I love the customer service. Can't wait to dine again.
3	The service was fast, and friendly. The thai iced teas are huge and come with whipped cream and cherries. They lost two stars for the food - I ordered the Pad See Ew, mild, and it came out with red pepper or chili in it. What kind of Thai restaurant puts that in their dish?? I've been to dozens of Thai restaurants and never encountered this. It largely ruined the taste of my favorite dish in the world. If it's also not your thing, make sure to tell them not to add any spices.
3	This is a cute little place within walking distance from the convention center. Interesting enough, there's another Tai restaurant around the corner, who knew..Phoenix, the Tai hot spot of the desert.It's an affordable small place, with a really a friendly atmosphere and a great staff.They have lunch specials, but the menu is somewhat difficult to understand, so I needed a little guidance. I had the Lunch Special, the chicken with fried rice, Tai veggie roll and jasmine rice. A huge portion and plenty of flavor. (You see, you pick the special, then you pick a combo from Mom's Entre's or Mom's Curry, (on the other side of the menu) but not the noodles). "Noodles not on lunch special" nor are the two Mom's Combo's 1 & 2, right below the specials.I was disappointed in the "heat level" I ordered hot (4 out of 5) and it fell short, way short. I wanted some spice, you know, forehead sweating, nose running and you start uncontrollable hiccuping in between bites. It wasn't meant to be. But then afterward, I noticed they offer double and triple Tai Hot. I should really learn how to read a menu.They serve a variety of coffee and teas (but no refills on the Tai iced coffee, iced tea or iced lemonade)...must be really special.No adult beverages and "to go" orders must be consumed outside of premises, credit cards must be a minimun of $8 (express menu starts at $6.95), and additional charges for substitutions or brown rice (see rules on refills above). So, does that mean it's extra if you have peanut allergies?  A lot of rules, but it's Mom's Kitchen and she says what goes! Next time, I'll try the curry at Tai Double Hot.
5	This place is great! Get the green curry! It's so flavorful! We also go the fried tofu app, and the crab puffs! Awesome
4	First off they did a great job on the interior design of this place. Very modern and hip. However, I hear the bathroom needsd to be updated badly. My friend and I were promptly seated and asked what we wanted for our drink orders. We just got water with lemon. They were not super attentive to refilling our water which was noticeable because I ordered Thai Hot spicyness with my dish. For starters we ordered the fried tofu which came with a very nice tangy, spicy sauce. The texture of the tofu was just perfect, being crisp on the outside but not too crisp. My friend ordered summer rolls which were very good, a little rubbery in their texture with the wrap they used which was a rice wrap I believe but it was still very good. I am a huge fan of Tom Khai in the form of soup so I very intrigued when I saw an entree of it served with rice instead. I ordered it with tofu and it was very good. It was Thai hot just the way I liked and had plenty of tofu, mixed in with vegetables. Overall our service was great minus the water not being refilled but I can overlook that. They were somewhat busy and there were only two people working. For less than $20 you can't beat it. And the starters were only $5 dollars a menu item for the rolls and tofu. This is my new favorite Thai place downtoown!
1	I have eaten in all of the Thai restaurants in downtown Phoenix and most in the entire Valley. I am also an organizer for a group that dines out frequently. A friend and I went to eat at Thai Basil but it was closed due to Mothers Day. When Mom's Thai was Thai Elephant, I dined there many times. My friend loves crispy spring rolls and he ordered the appetizer containing 6. It came with a thimble of dipping sauce. When I asked the server for additional sauce, I was told that additional sauce would be served and that we would be charged for a side dish. What? I ordered the larb, a type of salad typically served with whole cabbage or lettuce leaves. You take the meat and place it in a leaf similar to eating a taco. The lettuce served with the larb was in small pieces, making it difficult to eat in the traditional way. I was going to ask for lettuce leaves but didn't want to sustain an additional charge. Our main courses were good, recommended. It took forever for our server to bring our check. I wanted to take the larb salad home with me as it was not served properly in the restaurant. The server brought the carryout container and halfway threw it at me. In mediocre restaurants the server will put the take home food into the container for you, In better restaurants, the server will take your plate containing the carryout food to the kitchen. In the kitchen the server will put the food into the carryout container. For us, the overal vibe is this place is not good. I won't repeat. If you're here from out of town, try Thai Basil or The Wild Thaiger, both nearby and both with cheerful, helpful staff.
2	This review has nothing to do with the food. This review has everything to do with the level of service and quality of people that work here. Let me start by asking this: Have you ever been to a restaurant where they skipped your starter (soup) never brought you your beverage, and brought the entree out with the bill 15 minutes after it was ordered? No, I didn't think so. That's exactly what happened here. I ordered the Chow Mein, which came out about 15 minutes after I ordered it with the bill. No soup, no beverage, no acknowledgement of anything. I was flabbergasted. Why would I come here again when I can go to Thai Basil right up the street?
2	2.5 stars -- I've been here about 5 maybe 6 times now and I'm still not impressed. I've stuck with the noodle dishes (pad see ew, pad thai, chicken noodle) and the noodles are always soggy. I I think I forget every time I head out for Thai (there are 3 down the street from me) that this is not my favorite. I think I just hope that it will get better with each visit, but that has not been the case. The portion sizes are smaller than average.  The flavors are often bland. The curry dishes I've tried were always more watery than I prefer. I think I'll stick with the other Thai options downtown. ...AND they're closed on Sundays!! (the days I typically crave Thai food)
4	Good flavor for the curry.
4	I like this place great food nice people. I highly recommend going here for the lunch specials they are $6.95.
3	I've gone to this place twice once for lunch and once for dinner.  I have loved the food both times.  I had eggplant and rice plate.  The plate come s out looking extremely nice and inviting, and I'm fact is the best eggplant plate I've had.  The price is also betty good.  The reason I give this place three stars is because both times I went the check was brought to our table before we were done eating.  I felt incredibly rushed out the door both times.  If they begin to have more paTience with customers they will be good on their way to five stars!
4	On our way to Sedona we found this little restaurant. We sat there concern with the cleanliness  of the place. There were noodles on the floor from previous costumers and the service started a little slow. I ordered chicken Pad thai. When the dish finally came it looked fresh. Wow! This is the best pad thai i have ever had outside of thailand. The most authentic i have had so far. The food was so good that i forgot the messy floors.
1	Cockroaches and poor service confirmed it was the last time I went there. I loved this place. The crispy chicken lunch was one of my favorite dishes around. But then everything changed on Monday 09/30. I'll give you my chain of events that has me adding this place on to my blacklisted restaurants list:I ordered the usual crispy chicken and paid to go. 10 minutes later, the hostess comes up and says, "Sorry, we dont have that dish, you have to pick something else." I scanned the menu again and went with the BBQ pork dish, which is the same price.Another 10 minutes go by and I still havent seen my order. What I did see was a giant cockroach on the white faux alligator-skinned  booth seating. It started scrambling around and my coworker knocked it to the ground while it was chasing him. I immediately inform the hostess of the situation while pointing to the cockroach, she smiles and says "oh we just sprayed this morning." and walks away without clearing the cockroach. 37 minutes after walking in through the door, we get our order without an apology for the entire experience. 37 minutes after walking in the door, I decided I would never step foot in this awful place again. The icing on the cake for me was that the BBQ pork was awful and undercooked.Stay away.
3	I have come to this place a few times now. The food is always good, service is usually subpar. I always come in during weekday lunch time when they are trying to get business people in and out quickly and they don't stop to even say hello. As far as the food, I've never had a meal here that I did not like. I am a fan of the Pad-see-ew, but occasionally change it up for the basil or ginger. They used to give an amazing ginger soup upon sitting down but they changed it to an iceberg lettuce cup salad which isn't bad but not great either. Especially considering this place has competition around the corner.
2	Working downtown, I have a lot of choices on where to dine for lunch.  I've been wanting to try My Mom's Thai Kitchen for awhile.  The lunch menu is pretty much the same as other Thai restaurants.   I selected Drunken Noodles with chicken.  Pretty spicy and tasty.  The amount of food on the plate was pretty minimal compared to other places.  Plus the cost is kinda high for what you get.  I would go back and try something else.  But compared to my mom's Thai cooking, there is no comparison.
4	Crab puffs took my poutiness away. Pad Thai was ok. Yellow curry was uhhhhhhhmazing. Sauce for chicken wings was delish. And the service picking up the food was wonderful. New fav downtown Thai.
4	AMAZING PAD THAI! My husband and I ate here while waiting for a baseball game to start and even though the wait for our food to come out was a little on the long side the food was well worth the wait. The Pad Thai was not just a plate of food it was an experience! It was so good and perfectly portioned. The only other thing I have to mention is the waitress. She was such a perfectionist and in an odd way, she was very attentive and made us feel welcome but she didn't have a sense of humor and she seemed like she was constantly fixing things on the tables like straightening things that were already straightened. She was quite distracting with all her fidgeting. We were the only ones in the place at the time and were amused by her while we waited for our food. The place is very clean and I'm sure she's the reason. The food is amazing and I would recommend this restaurant.
3	A solid 3 stars. Not a super diverse menu especially for allergies and whatnot, but the cashew pineapple entree with a Thai iced tea was solid. I tried some of my father in laws egg omlette dish and it was amazing.
2	I was excited that someone would deliver Thai food.  Phoenix delivery  has a lot to be desired I live 1.5 miles from the restaurant I ordered beef panang   Thai hot and some spring rolls.a half hour went by and received a call telling me I did not meet there $25 minimum and would need to order more. I told them i did not see that on the menu or I missed it because the menu is not phone friendly. I said I am one person and don't eat that much so just cancel the order.  She said it's already cooked I asked why no one mentioned it she said he is new. I said I understood and that happens. she would do it this time but next time no. It seems like she thinks she is doing me a favor. The food arrived the delivery guy was very nice however my food was in a grocery bag and cold. Again under 2 miles away. The rolls were bland and unexciting. The rice was dried out and clumpy. The meat was dry way too much liquid and the flavor was like a red pepper not hot even a little bit. The portion was small. ( I am not a big guy)I was still hungry so I made a salad. The woman that called me assumed there would be a next time and she is wrong. $20 seemed high for what I received. If it was great would have paid $40. I will stick to picking up wild tiger for $12 I can have dinner and lunch the next day with no attitude.
4	Very good customer service. Food was fantastic. Sorry no pics...we were starving. It was a little spicier than we anticipated but not unbearable. Would definitely eat here again. They also have a great $5 Happy Hour items. We got coconut shrimp & satay chicken. It was yummy.
3	The lunch prices here are great!  I had the Tom Kha noodle soup #29 in the menu.  I had it made hot and it was very good!  Lots of flavor.  My soup did have an overload of ginger shredded and I had to pick them out.  The spring roles were not as good as expected.One complaint was that I was not given the free cup of soup customers usually get when they sit down.  My friends were vegetarian and they assumed I was too.  I asked the waitress why I didn't get one and she said she thought I was a vegetarian- (I ordered a soup with chicken)... My total was under $10 so that was good.  I'm planning in coming back and try more ;) you do have your choices downtown when it comes to Thai food but the prices here are a steal.
5	Best red curry chicken ever! The staff was nice and service was quick, def coming back again!
1	Service and food were SO AWFUL!  In its defense, the restaurant was super packed at lunch because of a convention in town.  But that being said, it does not excuse the terrible service and lack of organization. It was just me and a friend there for lunch, and a party of 6 that arrive after us ended up getting their food before us.  A party of 2 that arrived after us got drinks, ate their entire lunch, paid the bill and left LONG before we even got our food.  A simple "sorry for the wait" would have been nice, but there were no apologies.  And finally, the straw that broke the camel's back for me is that when I got my less-than-mediocre pad thai, there was a partially melted metal button embedded in the noodles.  Again, no apologies, they just grudgingly removed the charges for my meal from the bill.  I work downtown and used to eat here fairly regularly but it will take a catastrophic event to force me to return here.
4	I'm new to working downtown at Cityscape so I am still looking for good cheap eats since most things are pricey down here. Decided to try My Mom's Thai Kitchen after seeing the place and checking it out on Yelp (of course!).  One Yelp'er said that there are $6.95 lunch specials so I thought I'd check it out.As I approached the restaurant, there is a banner saying "under new management - 15% off on Mondays". It's my lucky day!It's a cute, little place with about 20 tables and nice decor. I was immediately greeted and I asked for a to-go order. I placed my order and was instructed to sit down at this booth to the side. I was immediately brought over a big glass of ice water (with lemon) and a bowl of hot broth soup. It was YUMMY. Very tasty. Again it was just broth with some cilantro and a piece of chicken, but it was more than I was expecting since I ordered to-go!Order of Pad-Thai came out as soon as my soup and water was finished. I am now back at work and enjoying my pad-thai. Since it was 15% off, I splurged and ordered it with shrimp! YUMMY!As I walked out the door, I noticed a sign that said "$5.00 Lunch specials".  Hmm! There were only about 3 items on the list, but Pad-Thai was one of them.!The nice ladies thanked me as I departed from the booth.I will definitely be back!!!!
5	I'm crazy about Thai food, and there are 3 Thai restaurants within one block on downtown Phoenix, but this one is by far the best. Great food and great service! Try the pad see ew it's amazing. And my friends said the curries are super too!
5	The best thai food in phoenix. I have ordered the eggplant dish, pad thai, lemon sole, and all three dishes have been delicious every time. The service has been fast and friendly every time. They do little cute things like making a rose bud out of the top of the straw wrapper and flowers/swans (not sure what they are) out of the napkins. I highly recommend this place just because of the food itself and rest is just topping on the cake.
5	This is my go to thai place downtown. I work just down the street so it's convenient. The pricing is right, and I like their thai iced tea. The service is always attentive and nice. You get a free spring roll and a soup or salad with your lunch order. I order beef pad thai and thai iced tea and generally walk out paying about 13 dollars. Try it!
5	Fave Thai restaurant downtown Phx for sure! Very friendly too!  The portion sizes are generous ans the Thai tea is lovely: )The lunch menu is $5 (most days, I believe). The owner is a super sweet lady too!
1	Sigh. I have to update my review because after we finished our meal, we saw a cockroach crawling on the wall. I was absolutely disgusted, and I sadly will not be returning. I just can't get over the roach on the wall. WHAT IF THERE WAS A ROACH IN THE FOOD?!
1	Ugh! No A/C in this place!!! Never again coming back but their spicy duck was delicious.
3	Tried out our 3rd Thai option within walking distance of the office today, and I'd have to rank this 3 of 3. Sadly, My Mom's Thai is not what I was hoping for in a sit down spot to grab a quick lunch. The decor is noticeably bad when you walk in - there is a TV in the upper corner that has a DVR box zip tied to it. Classy. The benches on the sides appear to be homemade with some sort of foam cushion covered in cheap velveteen fabric and glued down. Really not comfortable or inviting. You can see back into the kitchen, they dont have a curtain or anything to block it out and its pretty warm in there, i'm not sure they have sufficient AC. The food also took over 25 minutes to arrive to us, which is uncommon even during a lunch rush. The overall vibe from the staff was frazzled and stressed, i'm sure they get a lunch crowd daily but they seemed overwhelmed. Our waitress kept apologizing to us for it. The food was ok, came out as expected although my colleague's Pad Thai had a weird fishy flavor to it. Overall this just wasnt the best experience and I am more than happy to get my Thai fix at the other options around - Thai Basil or Thai'd Up. Thanks, but no thanks.
5	My disappointing spicy eggplant meal at Thai'd Up led me to try My Mom's Thai Kitchen.  My Mom's also offers an eggplant dish which I ordered for lunch take out.  Extra eggplant, broccoli, basil please.  They were out of spring rolls which was a disappointment, but I lived.  My bill was discounted and the meal cost only $10.  Was it worth it?  Oh yeah.  There were plentiful chunks of eggplant, very flavorful without a lot of grease.  Good portion.I will be back.
2	When we went here to eat it wasn't as great as reviews made it seem. There were roaches and it smelled like roach spray. The food was real bland. Never will return here again. Seems like nice people but idk... Horrible experience.
