5	Quite possibly the best carne asada tacos in vegas
4	The carne asada tacos are wonderful here, same with the tacos al pastor. Plus, at $1.35 a taco, you can't go wrong. Food is not overly greasy, which my heart can thank me later for. During my stop here, I've had the chance to try:-Carne Asada Tacos: Carne asada is seasoned well, making it rich and flavorful. Probably some of the best I've had in town.-Tacos al Pastor:  While not as memorable as the carne asada, it's still a very solid taco. Good, but not awesome.-Carne Asada burrito: I managed to get a bite of this from whom I was eating with. It's basically what you get in a taco, in burrito form (with rice, beans, etc.). Much too heavy for me, so I'd rather stick with the tacos.All in all, a solid trip. I would eat here again, but wouldn't go out of my way for this place.  I'd call this place radius eating: If I'm in the area, then definitely I'll make an effort to stop on by for a bite.
4	After wanting mexican food, and wanting to try something new. I stumbled upon this place. How you know its going to be good? Well having to point at the menu or ordering by number because you dont speak spanish. I had the Combo #1. A Burrito with meat of your choice. A Taco. Chips Beans and Rice. About the burrito i got with Carne Asada. It was perfectly seasoned and bundled tight. It looks smaller than some burritos at other places but they pack it with more meat and less on the beans and rice. So its feeling as hell. And the green salsa isnt bland IT HAS A KICK TO IT. The kind of kick that opens up your sinuses. So i will try the red at some point and i can handle spicy. On to the Taco. It was packed with carne asada to. And was moist and delicious. They use fresh vegetables. The chips were perfectly fried. The beans had bits of onions in them, and the cheese was gooey and melted on top. The rice was moist and fluffy not dry and dense with some meals at other places. I wanted a Al pastor taco but they were out. Hence the 4 stars but it was 11pm when i went in. And the tacos are only 1.35 thats a deal with how big they are too.
4	This place is a real find. One of the best places for Mexican on the east side. Everything is fresh. The juices, the fish, the tortillas, everything. I have had the tortas, tacos, enchiladas, I'm always satisfied. The fish taco has numerous pieces of fried fish sticks that I always want to pick out of my taco and eat them plain they're so good. And something about the green salsa here gets me every time. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is cuz they are a little dirty. I've never wanted to sit and eat here. Doesn't mean I haven't but I prefer to get it Togo.
4	Very friendly staff. I ordered the burrito taco combo with shredded beef. The ingredients were very fresh from the salsa to the homemade drinks up front. If your getting a car wash next door it's a great place to grab a bite. Very good!
5	Found this place on accident & it has become my regular breakfast & lunch spot while here on business ! Great breakfast burritos - great lunch options ! And the Fresh fruit juices are soooo yummy ! Every time I'm here on business I will stop here & I will recommend this place to all my friends & coworkers !!
4	Good authentic mexican food and fast service. Great stop for lunch. Eat at these places instead of McDonald's and Jack in the Box!
