4	What a great location for a good workout! This location is an extension of the Harris YMCA (approximately 1.5 miles away). However, one of the major differences is that this gym is for ages 16+. It's two story suite filled with cardio, weights, locker rooms, and multipurpose room for classes (e.g., yoga, pilates, cardio). The cardio machines have the personal view screens, which are always a plus so you're not held hostage for 30 minutes watching a show that you don't want to watch. I appreciate that YMCA allows you to go to any YMCA. I also am impressed that they don't have contracts, application fees, and they offer a sliding fee scale so it's affordable at any income level.
4	This is a great location. It's in Southpark, right across the street from Southpark Mall. It, like many other gyms, gets crowded around 5 but still not as crowded as the Harris or Dowd. This YMCA has a cardio room downstairs that has lots of natural light, and the weights, treadmills, locker rooms, etc, upstairs. The gym is smaller and so it does not have as many weights and machines, but rarely do I have to wait to use equipment. The staff is also very friendly and encouraging.
5	It is always clean here and feels quite upscale. The fitness equipments are of the highest quality. The staff are literally the friendliest. I had accidentally left my shoes in one of the lockers for days and it was not stolen. I workout here about 5 times a week. I prefer this y over any other y in charlotte
4	Quick and easy to get to.Place - very nice and modern facility. The establishment here is smaller than your typical YMCA, hence "Express."  That being said, you can zip in and out easily.Price - As a member of the Harris YMCA, this facility is included, and you do not have to pay anything extra - yay!Service - the staff members here are very friendly, especially Jacquie.Workout Equipments - they have mostly everything (dumbells, treadmills, cycle, warmup area with weights - equipments.  They have classes for yoga, zumba, cardio strength, and some more.Cons - I just wish they have more classes to offer, like Cardio Funk.  I just love the space here, because of the new facility feel and look, ha!  But I don't mind it so much, I still visit the regular Harris one
4	Small gym with good classes!This is a mini-gym. They have a small group exercise room for Zumba and Yoga etc on the main level and then upstairs they have cardio, stretch and weight equipment plus men and women's locker rooms.Actually quite well set up for the size. If you are looking for tons of machines or a lap pool, this is not your gym, but if you want a quick work out with less hassle getting in and out - this might be the location for you.I live right here, so i have no excuse not to go here. The Zumba class is the most fun. The only downside is that parking in front is limited - so you might have to use the deck - but i would try the off hours...  10am - noon and 1pm to 430pm and 8-closing..  less people.
