3	My lunch here was very tasty, I had a bacon apple salad which was huge and some iced tea that hit the spot.  I'd give it a three and a half if I could because service was awesome, the food was good, but it just made me uncomfortable to be in there... probably because the atmosphere really wasn't my style.  The decorations were sort of Victorian and floral and it was all women having lunch - save one older gentleman out with his wife.  Anyway, the first thing I thought when I walked in was that this place would make my boyfriend cringe!  But, I will definitely take my mom here when she comes into town and would recommend it to people looking for that sort of warm, quiet, feminine atmosphere.
2	well it was the best we found in charlotte in the first 4 hours. we met the hot guy at the bar and his hot d.j. fella. they didn't go home wth us. which pissed us off. so far charlette is making me angry and bored.
4	I've gone twice now for lunch and have had a good experience both times. It's a neat place on the 2nd floor. Patio seating outside and a nice environment inside. Service has always been good. They have a nice lunch selection - classics with a twist.
4	Very good food and a refreshingly different menu from the normal Charlotte joint.  Good location...grab some dinner and walk next door (Tuta Mundos) for some martinis and great music.
4	Definitely love this place! The food was awesome, I had chilean seabass for dinner. They also had really good hummus that we had as an appetizer, with some pitas to dip in it. I have to say that my favorite part was the atmosphere, it is very eclectic and has a very cool vibe to it. It has exposed brick walls, wooden floors, and tall trees with white lights in the main dining room. Outdoor seating is available, and they also had a bar area you could lounge in. The night we were there they had 2 guys playing acoustic guitar in the bar area. The only downfall I would say is that you can totally hear the club music coming through the walls from next door, which I could see bothering some people. We were okay with it, and next time we go back we are going to go there afterward and check that place out too :)
3	I never was a fan of this place. The atmosphere TRIES to come off as fun and inviting "upscale" dining, but it always felt so forced and fake to me (as did the sister place Tuta Mundo next door).The food is ok, but considering the prices there are much better options in Charlotte now. This place was probably on the edge of cuisine when it first opened, but the Charlotte dining scene has changed a lot over the last 5 years and I don't think Pewter Rose has adapted well to those changes.I guess I could recommend this place for a nice business lunch, but I wouldn't suggest going here for dinner on your own dollar. They do have a decent wine list at least.
4	With a name like Pewter Rose, I was really expecting this place to be good! And it was. I had the crab cake sandwich on a croussant roll. They put some kind of tangy sauce, which added an extra kick. It was tasty without being overbearing, like some seafood entrees can be. That, combined with the setting- natural light flowing through the window- it was a very enjoyable dining experience to say the least. Plus I didn't have to pay for my meal.. which made this venture ALL the better!
4	Pewter Rose is the perfect place to go for an upscale brunch in South End. I'm still craving the bananas foster french toast I had for brunch. Before our meals, the friendly waitress brought us delicious butterscotch scones. The whimsical decor is beautiful, with sculpted trees by artist Jared Nicholson. I'll have to try Pewter Rose for a romantic dinner next. I should mention that the first time I tried to go here for brunch, they were closed for a private wedding party. That happens, of course, but the staff was pretty rude to me when explaining this.
4	For me, the location of Pewter Rose has always been one of its selling points. If you're going to lunch from an uptown gig, it's far enough out of town to be able to park without spending your entire meeting driving around in circles looking for a spot, but it's close enough and easy to find that nobody has a problem. The decor is lovely, and the food is good, if a bit overpriced. My favorite time to go is for the weekend brunch. It's a great place to meet with girlfriends to do the sassy brunch-gossip thing...The wild mushroom fritatta is awesome, as is the bananas foster. (They should be ashamed of themselves for charging $8 for granola, however).
5	For me, Pewter Rose is hands-down THE best place for Saturday/Sunday brunch in Charlotte.  When I have friends or family in town, this is where I bring them to impress them for brunch.  The restaurant looks a bit upscale inside, but don't let that fool you.  This is a casual place where anyone should feel comfortable in everyday attire.  Not that you shouldn't shower or anything, but you know...I love that their brunch entrees are the old breakfast standbys with a gourmet twist.  Eggs benedict?  Good.  But how about the Oscar Benedict?  The eggs are served on crabcakes with asparagus and bearnaise sauce.   Delicious.  Omelette?  Good.  But how about a Mashed Potato Omelette with cheese, bacon, scallions, and sour cream?  Even better.  Got a sweet tooth for breakfast?  Try the Bananas Foster French Toast.  You'll feel the cavities creeping up on you as you take bite after delicious bite.  One of the highlights of a Pewter Rose brunch has got to be the complimentary hot butterscotch scones that are brought to your table while you're waiting for your entrees.  Their delicious coffee complements these sweet, melt-in-your-mouth scones.  My only disappointment with Pewter Rose is that I don't get to enjoy it as often as I'd like to.  They don't open 'til 10:00 a.m. on Sundays and my partner usually has to work at 11:00.  :-(  If there is a food god, please let her make Pewter Rose open at 9:00 a.m. for brunch.
5	This place is 100% worthy of my 5-star rating.  I don't dole them out liberally, Pewter Rose is special.  Whenever I think about brunch spots I'm reminded of that Seinfeld episode where Janeane Garofolo asks in true Jerry fashion, "So what's the deal with brunch? If it's a combination of breakfast and lunch, how come there's no lupper or no linner?"Well, we stepped in at 11:00.  We hadn't been out for long that day, so could really go either way.  And we did.Like Nijla M, we had the crab cake on the croissant.  I loved it.  I ate every morsel with unabashed glee.  We also ordered an omelette that was just as stellar.  Speaking of stars, there are white lights strewn about the restaurant that give it a sparkling atmosphere that's easy on the eyes.They offer each guest a complimentary signature butterscotch scone to whet the appetite.  These were amazing--I didn't even know I liked scones.  I'm still not sure I do, but I'd eat a basket of these.  In fact, they sell the mix, we bought it and baked them when we got home.Go here, and if they don't meet, nay exceed your wildest expectations you can hold me personally and financially responsible.  Actually you can't really, but I think you'll like it.
2	OK, what is everyone else seeing here that I didn't?  Yeah, I went for a weekday lunch instead of for Sunday brunch but shouldn't it still be at least a good experience?On the plus side, the physical space is special - lots of exposed brick, high ceilings, worn wood floors, lots of windows for natural light.  The restaurant was only about 1/3 full at 12:30 pm on a Wednesday.  It is definitely NOT handicapped accessible.  The only access to the space is a very long, very steep flight of stairs.  (Even the server told us that cases of food, wine and beer kegs have to be lugged up those stairs, there isn't even a freight elevator in the building.)I ordered the potato bisque (a menu staple) and the chef salad special.  Our server forgot my soup and brought it out after she'd served my entree salad.  The meats in the salad seemed like cold cuts - in fact, rather than being served julienned or chopped in the salad, they were simply layered on - rounds pieces of cold cuts in the salad!  The ranch dressing was likely homemade but was runny in texture and bland in flavor.  My chocolate cake dessert was okay - but not $7 worth of okay.My companion enjoyed the crab cake on top of an otherwise ordinary looking salad and she raved about the tiramisu.Our server does get points for assisting my companion with a wine selection.  She brought out two bottles, let my aunt try both and make a selection.  She even let the unchosed sample stay on the table instead of quickly whisking it back to the bar.Parking is a private lot off of South Blvd - but it's very easy to miss the entrance to the parking lot - and once you miss it, you can't access it from any of the neighboring parking lots either!Maybe I'll try again with a Sunday brunch - but the experience will have to be world class amazing to erase my memory of this lunch.
3	We were hoping to get a drink and a small bite to eat at Tutto Mondo before I dropped my honey off at the airport and, when we arrived, discovered that Tutto Mondo and Pewter Rose are next door neighbors. As another reviewer noted, both Tutto Mondo and Pewter Rose do not appear to be handicapped accessible. In fact, you have to walk up outdoor concrete stairs to get to both businesses (how many people have wiped out on those, I wonder?) We arrived at the Tutto Mondo/Pewter Rose locale pretty early, like 4:45pm, and Tutto Mondo was closed but the people at Pewter Rose let us right in (even though they didn't open until 5pm). We were going to sit outside, but the seating area had large tables and plastic/old lady tablecloths and just didn't feel right, so we decided to sit at the bar. The inside of Pewter Rose is much nicer than the outside, featuring an interesting painting of a crowded Charlotte skyline. The place has an old-fashioned 1920s feel to it. I had a couple of glasses of wine while my guy had dirty martinis which were half-off on Monday. We also tried a few things from the bar menu, including very tasty portobello sliders (two came with the order) and pan-fried potato rounds with a cheese dipping sauce. We were literally the only ones in the place, so maybe the ambiance is different during busy hours, but the place felt a little stuffy to me. However, the bar food was good enough to entice me back a second time. I also have to give a shout out to our nice bartendress who was very pleasant to talk to and gave me a few wine samples to help me decide on a drink.
4	We wound up here after trying to go to the restaurant next door, which turned out to be closed until later in the evening.  The Pewter Rose turned out to be a pleasant surprise.Although there was some nice outdoor seating (with a great view of the LYNX station - Whow! (that's my bobcat sound effect)), we opted to sit at the bar because the items on the bar menu were only available at the bar.We ordered a couple drinks (at great happy hour prices) and got two items from the bar menu: portobello mushroom sliders and fingerling potato fries.   Both were really outstanding, and inexpensive.  The sliders, in particular, were fantastic.  It was awesome to have such a great vegetarian option on a bar menu.We talked with the manager for a while (she was filling in as the bartender) and had a really nice time.Great, airy interior as well.  Go check it out.
4	Pewter Rose is a winner! My husband and I went for a Sunday brunch. It seems like it's a popular place on Sundays. I got a mimosa to start, followed by a breakfast burrito. The burrito was flavorful; however, they did not have salsa. I like salsa, so I was a bit disappointed that they didn't have any. (They did have tabasco.) The guests sitting at the next table were very friendly and had been there many times. They said that all the omeletes were delicious! (I took their word on that and the next time I go, I'll try one.)The service was pretty good. The atmosphere was nice and cozy. I appreciated the charm and laid-back experience. I will go back again!
2	We brought our mom to Pewter Rose for a "Mother's Day" brunch - a week late.  I was excited because I had eaten brunch here before and really enjoyed it.Arrived at 12:35 for our 12:30 reservation and checked in - the hostess said she would get us when our table was ready.  We had delicious bloody mary's at the bar and we were seated at about 12:50, right next to the closed off smoking area.  However, every time the door opened a draft of smoke filled air blew right into our table - I would suggest they actually remove that table and not seat anyone there.About 1pm the waiter came around to take our drink orders (he likely saw that two of us had drinks already) and came back at about 1:10 for our brunch orders.  These came out at 2pm!My breakfast was fine (straight up breakfast) but not piping hot, my mother's (Italian omelet) the same, but my brother's biscuits and gravy were cold.  The waiter brought them back to heat them up, but by then they were nearly inedible.Not sure if they were just having some problems that day with service - a lot of people out sick? - but the experience was really quite bad.  As someone who thinks of brunch as a weekend staple, I may try again but for a restaurant at this level I would expect service to be considerably better.
4	Their butterscotch scones are the bomb.  Yes, I said the bomb.The Arnold Palmer & Pewter Rose Blend was amazing.  I ordered the Straight-Up Breakfast, my 2 best friends ordered Smoked Salmon Hash & Tomato Benedict.  They said they had foodgasms, so I'm guessing they liked it. ;)Our waitress was really nice, she took our picture twice - you know just in case we didn't like the first one!  I just loved the atmosphere - it felt like I was invited to someone's house for brunch.  It's big yet cozy.  Their bathroom is too cute.It was worth the 30 minute wait at Dunkin' Donuts across the street.  Haha!
1	The place looks nice but the service is ridiculously slow. They didn't even come by to serve us water or refill our drinks until 50 minutes after we had ordered. Food was ok but nothing special. My dish was also missing 2 items but the waitress never came by so I decided to eat my cold food. Needless to say I won't be coming back and neither will the others that were with me
4	Baked Brie. It was amazing. Yes, I said amazing which is not a word I'm a fan of because I think it is kind of ordinary but it really was. I have never had brie that was so good. It came with these great home-made crackers. I think I've only had crackers out of a Nabisco box. Freaking awesome.We also started with the calamari which was good and I believe the bread was fantastic too.This review is of course written much later than it should have been so I can't remember everything that clearly.Our entrees were great as was the dessert. I got the Coconut Cream Cake which was from a local bakery. Delicious. The waitress was awesome and said that if I didn't like it, she'd just get me something else. She didn't have the chance to because I ate it so fast!I want to mention the waitress again. She was very sweet and I felt almost like I was in someone's home which was a nice feeling.I recommend this place but you must promise to order the Brie. Be careful because they mean it when they say the plate is hot!
4	I love this place! It has a unique, old south atmosphere and the service is great. I've only been once but will definitely be going back and have never heard a negative thing about it. I went on a Sunday for brunch and it was busy but no wait, it looked like they were turning around tables pretty quickly and a good place for large groups. Our server was personable, nice and had menu knowledge and recommended different dishes to fit our needs. They bring you butterscotch scones before your meal and these were delicious, fresh and served warm. I was contemplating getting either the mashed potato omelet (cheddar cheese, bacon,scallions, sour cream) or banana fosters french toast (rum butter, sweet banana cream, whipped cream,maple syrup) but french toast always wins! The french toast was delectable and had a rich banana cream on the inside (it reminded me of the honey walnut cream cheese at Einsteins) I wanted to lick the plate but remained a lady and left one bite on my plate but everything else was happily devoured. All in all, a great meal with cozy atmosphere. I am interested to check it out for dinner to see if it lives up to the brunch. The only issue I could see with this place is being handicap accessible, it's on the second floor and not sure if they have elevators (I would love to take my parents here but my dad has a hard time with stairs).
4	Quaint restaurant in Dilworth with outdoor seating.  Close to the light rail and easy access to Uptown.  Eclectic atmosphere.  Great brunch location.  Due to its popularity and being one of the top 25 "Breakfast Joints" (Zagat.com - USA Today), they are offering it everyday.  Some of my personal favorites:  the butterscotch scones...OMG I could make a meal off of these alone.  Bananas foster french toast is totally a dessert!!!  The hummus is the best I've ever had.  They also serve sandwiches, wraps and salads including numerous healthy vegetarian items.  For wine drinkers, they have an extensive wine list (over 200 selections).  Enjoy....
2	starting with the atmosphere. This is probably one of the coolest places I have been in a long time (minus the room divider down the middle). They have paper cranes hanging from the ceiling and exposed brick all over. The hostess was very personable and accommodated us sitting near the window. The food was OK. Not up to the price, I feel as though they were trying to be very fancy to make the prices seem reasonable. We shared a crab dip which was good, nothing to write home about though. I had the crab cakes, which seemed to be deep fried.....not exactly what I was expecting with crab cakes. And I also had the Cesar salad, they placed an anchovy on top, I guess to show that is used in the dressing??? who knows.I guess to sum it up, I will not be going back. There are many other "cool" places to eat.
3	Service was really friendly and the food was alright.  Prices were pretty good too... $4 for a mimosa... sweet.The best part of the meal?  The free scones.
4	Ive only ever been here for Brunch or Lunch but I really like it!!If your planning on coming in for Brunch make sure you get there a little early because the wait can be long!! But since we live in NC and by law NO alcohol is to be served till 12 on Sundays expect no Mimosa or Bloody Mary :(  but if you decide to wait a little later you will be able to have it all!! The Butterscotch Scones are really good!! They bring them over at the beginning of your meal and you will definitely want another!! If you come for lunch try the melted Brie it is served with fruit and crackers it is really good!! The service is good and attentive. Only bad thing about this place is the walk up and down the large staircase but I think it's worth the walk!
2	I had been wanting to try this place out for years but never made it a priority to get over there......now I know why.  This place is average at best, the food is just not up to par on any level.  The restaurant itself is beautiful but they need to put some serious tlc into the food.  I guess it could be me since they've been around forever, but definitely not my cup of tea.
4	What a great date spot! So romantic....I could see the Match.com love in the air.....  I have been here over the years several times (no not for Match!), and again last night due to a citipass bogo coupon. It is much better than I remembered!  My friend and I shared the chicken and andouille sausage soup which was DIVINE ($4). I had the chicken marsala and my friend had the seafood risotto. The marsala was probably enough for two people - it was a huge plate of fettuccine with two grilled chicken breasts and a ton of mushrooms. Thank god they are smart enough to do fresh (not canned) mushrooms. So perfect. The seafood risotto was very good- it came with 6 mussels plopped on top which were lightly seasoned. My friend said some of the scallops in the risotto were a tiny bit tough but overall it was excellent. Entrees were about 13 bucks a piece, very worth the price! I will definitely be back!!! :-D
4	I stopped in Pewter Rose on a Thursday for lunch.  It was packed!  I thought that was probably a good sign.  I have dined here for brunch before, but have never ordered any of their lunch items.  I had the "heart salad" and added grilled chicken.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was DELICIOUS.  Grilled romaine lettuce, red pepper puree drizzle, and a lovely artichoke heart and heart of palm mixture with some fancy parmesan cheese (I can't remember its official name).  I have really never had anything like it.  Dining partner had the Italian Omelette with grits as a side.  No complaints here.  Bursting with flavor and the grits were perfect.  Nothing worse than watery grits in my book---and these were quite the opposite. Creamy and thick.  Not to mention that the butterscotch biscuits alone will bring you back.So if it was so great, you ask, "So why not 5 stars???"  The service was slow.  If i hadn't needed to get back to work, this would not have been an issue.I will be back.  And I want to give dinner a shot.
2	My fiance and I tried this place for Saturday night dinner on 12/18/2010 and were not impressed. Atmosphere: the cafe globe lights add a nice touch but the cheap outdoor like tables and tablecloths were sad.Service: We received our appetizer approx. 20 minutes after ordering and then the entrees, about 1 hour and 15 minutes after order the appetizer. Not acceptable. Our server was very attentive and seemed to understand that we were frustrated.Food: Debated between the crab con queso and calamari, but ultimately decided upon the crab because it was supposed to be served with "homemade potato  chips." The dip was salty, and it was served with good ole $2 Santitas tortilla chips. Quite the disappointment.Entrees: I had the crabcakes topped with tartar sauce, served with collard greens. Crabcakes were very good and so were the greens. I just wish they wouldn't have poured the tartar sauce over my greens..not appetizing.My fiance had the salmon served with spinach. His salmon was mediocre at best but the spinach was some of the best I've ever had.Overall, this place is overrated and I'm very glad that we used a Groupon here because I would really be upset if we paid full price.
3	We recently went to the Pewter Rose Bistro and found it to be a fair restaurant. It certainly had its pros and cons but the pros certainly out weighed the cons. Firstly, we thought that the restaurant had a nice romantic feel to it. I agree with Melissa B. it would be a fantastic date spot. The bar would also be a very cozy and comfortable place to share a bottle of wine with some friends. We ate in the dining room and our table was against the wall adjacent to a neighboring bar. We arrived around 6:30 and when we arrived it was very quiet and relaxing. However, soon after the bar next door turned up the music and it literally was shaking the wall next to us. Its not the restaurants fault but it took away from the atmosphere that the restaurant was trying to set. Funny thing is even with music pumping the bar next door had no guests when we left. As for the food we started off with the baked brie. It was not bad but it was not great either. It did not really have a wow factor in it. It was a little ordinary and felt to be quickly slapped together and traditional. As for the entrees, I had the seafood risotto. I thought the risotto itself was fantastic but the protein portion was definitely sub par. it came with a few mussels and some small baby shrimp and bay scallops. For $20 I feel that a better scallop than bay scallops should have been used. They were really small and overcooked. The texture was not pleasant and may have been the worst scallop I have ever ate. There is nothing worse than a scallop has the same texture as eating rubber but, my beautiful date had what I should of ordered... the lamb. Good thing she could not eat all of it and gave me some! You have got to love that. The lamb was wonderful... it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It came on a bed of couscous that I thought was really light and refreshing. We did go on half price bottle of wine night and they did have a good selection of wine. The bottle we got was wonderful and it was less than $15. The service may have been a bit on the slow side but was not as bad as some other reviews have portrayed the service. So with that said... other than maybe getting some better seafood for the seafood risotto we had a good experience at Pewter Rose. We would definitely go back there and try them again. I would also go back for wine nights with some friends and relax on there couches.
4	My general opinion of Pewter Rose has been that it's a little pricey, a little fancy, and a little short of veggie options for me to go often.  That said, I'd been wanting to try this famous, every day brunch everyone had been talking about.We went for brunch on New Year's Eve, and it was fantastic.  The place was pretty quiet, but not TOO quiet, and we had decent service.  The house hot tea (a black tea with hints of chocolate) was great (and often refilled), and the butterscotch scones lipsmacking.  My huevos rancheros thew me off for a moment with their poached eggs disguised as dollops of sour cream (so clever! so cute!), but I was delighted with the black bean salsa and the cilantro dressing.  I order huevos rancheros pretty much everywhere I go, and the Pewter Rose version measured up nicely.My husband had the bananas foster french toast, which, while too sweet for my brunch palate these days, was pretty damned delicious all the same.
2	Came for brunch on a Saturday morning.  Things started off looking nice.  We were seated quickly and our server was attentive.  The decor was quite pretty.  We quickly received our water, coffee and those delicious scones.  I ordered salmon eggs benedict and David X ordered something that was called "Just Plain Breakfast" or "Regular Old Breakfast", something of that nature, with toast and eggs and bacon.  His food was fine, standard, but my food was... kind of ugh.  It wasn't very warm when I got it.  I mean, I understood why the smoked salmon wouldve been cold since that's usually how it is served, but the eggs were also on the cool side.  Cool egg yolk = kind of ick.  And the English muffin, that was kind of cold and ick too.  And at the slightly higher than average pricing, I wasn't expecting my food to be kind of ick.  The hash browns were interestlingly spiced, with onions and a hint of cumin, but like everything else on my place, lukewarm and quickly cold.  The place had been open for less than an hour when we got our food, so it didn't really make sense that the food would have sat out for any good reason.I think I would try the place again if it were someone else's idea - like someone who really dug the place wanted to go and swore by some signature dish - but of my own accord, I don't foresee going back.
2	My friend and I used the recent $25 for $50 Groupon to check out Pewter Rose on a Saturday night. Honestly, I thought it was a little bit on the pricey side for what it was so I'm glad that we had the coupon. The atmosphere was pleasant but a little kitschy and I kind of felt that plastic tablecloths were inappropriate when you're charging $20+ a plate. That said, it was absolutely packed in there. We had reservations for 8pm and arrived right on time and the hostess was able to find us a seat within about 5 minutes. However the first thing out waiter said was essentially "We're really busy tonight so I hope you're prepared to wait a while for your food". We weren't in any rush and agreed that was fine. The service was good, our waiter was very attentive and kept our water glasses filled but even though we ordered as soon as we were able to, it was after 8:30 before we got our appetizer and 9:20, and honestly that was more waiting than I had expected to do. While the restaurant was full, it is not *that* large. I had the seafood risotto and it was pretty delicious and I would eat it again. My friend had the herb encrusted lamb and while it was good, we both found it to be overly salty. I might come back and try the brunch but I don't think I'd pay full price for the dinner.
5	I came to this restaurant with a few friends to celebrate the new year, and we couldn't have chosen a better place. Reasonably priced for a quality experience, I opted for the Biscuits and Gravy and coffee, along with the complimentary butterscotch scones, because I overheard our waitress mention the gravy was delicious. It was perhaps the best sausage and gravy biscuits I have had! The biscuit was delicately baked, the turkey sausage tasted like regular sausage, the eggs were a sizeable portion and stayed hot, and the hashbrowns were tasty too! Highly recommended.
5	I love Pewter Rose. Pretty much no matter what I get here I've really enjoyed.First  of all you NEED to try their butterscotch scones..holy deliciousness! Seriously I am not a huge scone fan or butterscotch connoisseur but these two roll up into a delectable little treat I could easily become addicted to. Try them!Some of the items Ive enjoyed are the Mashed Potato Omelet, Caesar Salad, Oscar Benedict, and  most recently the Crab Cake sandwich.All were super delicious- you really can't go wrong.Love their mimosas as well.For a delicious brunch this place has it all - atmosphere, service, and food.
4	One of my friends who has yet to steer me wrong highly recommended Pewter Rose, especially the brunch.  It was a place I wanted to try for years, and when the opportunity arose to go with a work group (8 people) and they were paying, I jumped on it.We made reservations on Open Table which would only allow us to select 11:00 am and not 11:30.  The restaurant was not overly busy at 11:30, so I am guessing this spot is blocked off to accommodate walk-ins. When I first looked at the menu, the prices (not that I was paying) seemed slightly high.  $10 for the "Straight up Breakfast" which was scrambled eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and toast.  The portions were very large and the hasbrowns were actually very good home fries which I strongly prefer.  They also serve fresh, hot, complimentary scones which are tantalizing with melted butter.  The quantity and quality of the breakfast were way better than Denny's or any $2.99 breakfast place.Other items were wraps, quesadillas, and, crab cakes Benedict.  Everyone enjoyed everything and our service was great.  The restaurant is quite large but has the decor of a quaint country kitchen.  So the food, service, and atmosphere were all good.  I'll definitely go back.
4	I ate at the Pewter Rose during restaurant week. The food here is good  and I'm happily looking forward to going back at some point. The sides are especially good. The collard greens are among the best I've had, and the creamed corn made me think that such a thing is actually a dish to be sought out and not just something ti be avoided. The mains were good, but not spectacular. The place feels a little ten years ago in its decor and general menu concept (the cocktail menu in particular screams for an update), but there's no doubt that what they do is well executed and tasty with a few new twists, even if it's not particularly up to date.
3	Take your ma, take your gramma, take your out-of-town snobby friends. They'll love the high ceilings, efficient service, floral overload, and butterscotch scones.For brunch and lunch, prices are decent, but food falls a little flat, in an un-updated menu kind of way. Nothing for the spicy, sharp taste lovers, but lots of goat cheese, preserved artichokes, roasted red peppers. International influences via 1993. Food temperatures in the lukewarm range. You can eat here easily as a vegetarian, not as a vegan. Not surprising, as there aren't a lot of Chico-bedecked rose-potpourri-sachet-sporting Oprah-bookclub-loving vegans out there (or at least, not in crown town, maybe in Martha's Vineyard?).I'm not the french toast type so maybe I'm missing the point - I've seen the mass of egg-soaked banana breadmountain at other tables and done a double take or two. Hmm. It's really a gorgeous space, so I'll keep Pewter Rose in my pocket for next time the ma-in-law's in town.
4	I have been to Pewter Rose a few times and most recently for brunch this past Easter. Great place for a special occasion. Pretty decor and the food is delicious. The quiche and bananas foster french toast are great!
5	This review is for dinner only.  I have yet to try brunch, but hopefully I'll be able to update this review in the near future with that information!This is my go-to spot for a romatic dinner with the wife.  This place is perfect for anything romantic...from a first date, to a 50th anniversary dinner.  Its a place that truly transcends time and generational gaps, both in ambiance and style of cusine.  In case you were confused by the last sentence above, I mean that the menu and amibance aren't trendy and contemporary enough to scare off grandma and grandpa, and yet not old-fashioned and stuck up enough to scare off the youngins!  It a perfect balance of old meets new.Service here is prompt and unassuming.  I've never gone wanting for a thing at my table during the numerous visits I've made, and yet have never been bothered by a servers overbearing presence.  Another reason it's great for a quiet, romantic dinner.  If I want to be entertained by my server, I'll go to Ru Sans.  Those guys are friggin hilarious; just not conducive to a quiet dinner conversation.I highly recommend the Lemon Goat salad, and the Duck Breast with grapefruit reduction.  My wife can do a salad and crab cake appetizer here and be thoroughly full.  As for the "smokey collards" that comes with the crabcakes...my wife rarely gets to enjoy any, because I'm usually scraping them off her plate and onto mine before the server can set our plates down.  I'm a sucker for good ol' fashioned pork bone soaked collard greens, and this place does not disappoint.
5	Why haven't I discovered this place sooner?! This is a lovely restaurant in the south end area of Charlotte that's perfect for a nice night out! The parking lot was under renovations when I went but there Was still ample parking in the back. Located on the second floor of the building this place doesn't have wheelchair accessibility so make sure if you're going all your guests can climb a flight of stairs.This place is pretty gorgeous with a nicely sized outdoor patio though it was too hot to eat outside when I went. The interior is just as cool as the entrance with paper cranes hanging from the high ceilings and lights strung around. It has a really intimate mood to it and I loved all of the decor. The service was really outstanding also on top of refills of water and checking on us enough to make sure we were satisfied with everything without being intrusive.Then there's the food itself. We started with an amazing smoked salmon platter that comes with capers, onions, tomatoes, cucumber, cream cheese and crackers. The salmon was smoked just enough and each of the accoutrements added a nice flavor variation to the salmon. Then the lamb came out and I forgot all about the salmon. Wow this lamb had some sort of mustard rub on the outside, super moist and tender inside, and came with a slightly sour yogurt sauce on the side even though it didn't need it. My date had the filet with sweet corn risotto and it was apparently cooked to perfection and amazing as well.If dinner is this nice I'm going to have to go and try the brunch that everyone raves about sometime even though I'm not that much of a brunch person. Here's to hoping for more excellent meals at pewter rose!
4	Amazing food though service was a little bit slow.
3	I would like to start by saying that I my first three experiences at PRB were great, it is unfortunate that last evening went so poorly.  I went there in hopes of sharing the FAB baked brie with friends but was informed that they had sold their last brie of the day.  The food courier then brought the "last brie of the day" to our table in error, incidentally he later attempted to give our entrees to the table next to us, things were a little off it seemed.  We ordered the mussels, when presented our waitress spilled the sauce on the chair which held our handbags (mussel sauce in my handbag EEK!!!) and was of little help and showed little remorse over the fact that this had happened.  The mussels were off in both taste and appearance and we had to send them back.  I had ordered a salad with a crab cake and asked that the dressing be put on the side, of course this did not happen and I had to send the salad back.  The crab cake was also burned.  We would have lodged a complaint had there been anyone to hear it but it seemed there was little care for our table.  As I said in the beginning of this review, I am extremely disappointed to have to give a bad review but the experience will make it difficult for me to justify returning to PRB anytime soon.  I rated this A-OK because my prior visits had been quite good.
3	I had dinner here last Friday night... which, besides Saturday night, is a big "night out" in the grown-up world, or so I thought.  Thus I was a little baffled at the causal attires I spotted... I'm talking about shorts and flip-flops, do people not dress up for a nice dinner anymore?  My LBD all of the sudden looked so formal in a sea of I-don't-care.  Ok... with that little vent out of the way, let's get down to biz-ness.I have always been puzzled by Pewter Rose.  All these years later, I still haven't quite decided if I like this place or not.  I have to agree that the place is whimsical... and yes that took some thinking of the right adjective but whimsical is exactly what I would call it, with paper cranes hanging from the ceiling by the hostess station and all.  Walking by half the patio seatings to get to the entrance is the part I never enjoy... I feel like I'm interrupting others, and that I better don't trip and make a spectacle out of myself.The menu offers enough options.  That night they ran out of baked brie.  After much debate, I decided on the tomato bisque and filet with risotto, while my date had his heart set on the heart salad & lamb.  The soup offered nothing special to write home about... in fact it almost made us think "hmm... Campbell anyone."  The heart salad (heart of romaine & artichoke) was surprisingly good.  The romaine appear to have sat briefly on a grill with a hint of smoky flavor, an interesting twist to a salad.  My filet came out medium well (I ordered medium rare).  They offer to redo it... at the end it was more rare than medium rare but I wasn't trying to be a pain about it... and it was appropriately seasoned.  The sweet corn risotto was yummy though.  However, I have to say the lamb was FABULOUS.  The portion was generous too.  Comparing to 3 mini racks of lamb, my little filet looked kind of sad.  I definitely say go for the lamb.  On a side note, the sangria here is too sweet.  And if you are a gin lover, they have Hendricks here, and one of their drink specials is Henricks with Rose Water. And that little step-up room makes a cute place for gathering (during non-peak hours).Conclusion: The service was fine but a little slow.  The food was good but more "just ok" given the expectation one may expect from here.  The atmosphere is the best out of the 3 factors.  Thus after yet another dining experience, I still can't give out 4 stars yet.
5	They brought warm fluffy chewy dreamy rolls at first. I got the Heart Salad which was AMAZING and the portions were perfect. The place has a southern charm that reminds me of fireflies surrounding a whimsical patio on a cool summer's night. I recommend and I will be back.
5	I finally got to try out the brunch here and now I feel like the service here deserves 6 stars.Arriving on a lovely Sunday afternoon around 11:50 for a late brunch, we were seated promptly even though they looked quite busy. I inquired about the drinks because who goes to brunch without some drinks? Our lovely waitress said since it wasn't 12:00 they weren't legally allowed to serve anything yet, but if I wanted to put in an order and she would get it out to me as soon as it was available. So I put in an order for a bloody mary while I chomped down on the delicious butterscotch scones. True to her word as soon as it hit 12 she had brought out my bloody mary, talk about promptness! Unfortunately I had a bit of a sore throat and the horseradish and spices in the bloody mary were too harsh on my poor throat and couldn't drink much of it. noticing this our waitress asked if I was enjoying my drink and when I explained my predicament she explained that alcohol can't be taken off bills due to some laws, but asked if I wanted anything else and brought out a mimosa for me instead even though she didn't have to. Talk about service!Oh yeah I should probably talk about the food too! My bananas foster french toast was like a banana party in my mouth! So creamy, sweet, and delicious inside while crisp and buttery on the outside! I ate it without the maple syrup because that was a bit too much sweetness for my tastes. My friend had the cheddar burger, which looked huge and delicious as well. It comes as a double patty so he was quite surprised how large it was when it came out.I'm definitely a fan of this place now, the service is just outstanding here and the food is no slouch either.
2	Brunch is what brunch is- overpriced fruity french toast and eggy things.  We all know this, we all play the game, and it's pretty rare to find a place that excels at it.  Pewter Rose....does not.  That isn't necessarily bad- the food is decent provided you know you're getting something you've had before somewhere else that was also decent but not mind-blowing.But the service.  Oy.  There is no reason to wait an hour for food on a Sunday that isn't that busy.  Also, and I cannot stress this strongly enough, DO NOT BRING THE FOOD UNTIL THE CHILDREN'S MEALS ARE ALSO READY!@#@&^%&@*&^!!!  These are not logical beings we're dealing with.  They are hungry, egocentric little monsters who will flip the hell out when everything that isn't theirs shows up and no eggs and toast seem to be forthcoming.  And if I have to get your hostess to find you to tell you that I wasn't kidding when I asked for the check, you're probably taking a bit too long, Sparky.  I doubt I'd return- there's too varieties of pretty much the same thing in town.  If the food isn't distinctive, you damn sure better set yourself apart on service and experience.
5	I have been here for breakfast and dinner. It's been a while since I have had breakfast here but I remember it being very good and service being prompt. Last time I had dinner here was with a vegetarian friend and I remember them having vegetarian options. They also catered to her requests. I have stopped by a couple times for drinks and desserts too. I remember the bar having a hook on it where you sit to hang your purse which I thought was pretty neat.
4	This place is a definite Charlotte must go. Awesome breakfast/brunch (mashed potato omelet). Just went there for dinner tonight. The seafood risotto was amazing. Full of scallops and shrimp, creamy and delicious. The interior of the place is cool, I'm a fan of exposed brick. Only downfall was our server.  He seemed disinterested. That's my only complaint. I'll be back for sure though.
4	sunday brunch rocks the school house.
3	I can only speak on brunch (only on Saturdays & Sundays) here, but wow, I really dig it!I get the "straight up breakfast" which consists of 3 eggs, toast, bacon, & grits. I also get a side of fruit.  The servings are plentiful, therefore, don't plan on eating anything for a while!I love the atmosphere, the restaurant isn't too big, but it's still good for groups.  The staff is very friendly & quick.
3	You know when you eat somewhere, and the food is good, the atmosphere is good, but you never go back?  This is one of those places that just lacks a certain something for me.  Maybe it's because it's been hyped up so much for having one of the best brunches in Charlotte. My experience at the PRB was with some co-workers as a get-together-get-to-know-you event.  We went on  Sunday morning for brunch. Anthony Bourdain says never to order the eggs benedict, but I had to. The crabs benedict were good.  The crab not in huge lumps the way I like it, but it did seem like there was a good proportion of crab to any stuffing. The scones yes, were a nice touch too, but I'm not much of a person who dreams of scones when she's hungry.  I'd rather have a big flaky buttery biscuit with jam. Overall, it just wasn't memorable.  It was typical breakfast/brunch foods, prepared in an ok, traditional way.
4	I think the Pewter Rose is a great place for brunch or anytime really. They are very consistent and that keeps me coming back year after year. I really like the vibe and the local feel the place has. Get there early on Sundays for brunch...it can get crowded quick.
1	Man was this an epic fail.  The food was good, but my boyfriend and I both agreed, we would never go back.We waited at the bar for an outside seat.  After ordering coffees, the bartender continued to clean up around the bar right in front of us before going to get our coffee.  We ran into some friends at the restaurant as they were approaching their server with corrections on their bill (it appeared he charged the wrong items to the wrong guests).  After they left, their server proceeded to talk shit about them right in front of us with the bartender.  It was really uncomfortable to sit there in the middle of that, regardless of the fact that those were our friends they were shit taking.We finally decided to sit inside so as not to have to wait any longer on an outdoor seat.  After being seated, we waited about 7 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us.  Finally, a server approached us and asked if we'd been helped, obviously we were her table that she'd just forgotten about as we were a table in her section.We get our food, it was good, nothing to write home about, and then have to wait for the check a ridiculous length of time.  After finishing our meal (which I should say was brunch) she came back to our table three times to check in on us, without bringing the check.  The second time, I asked for a check and the third time she came back, she asked if we wanted dessert and still had no check.  Finally, the hostess took our cards to pay.  I ended up getting charged for my boyfriend's meal and vis versa.  Not a big deal, but after all this, really annoying to get charge double what you actually ate.  I tell the server about the mistake and she shrugs saying, "I don't know how to fix this, just don't leave me a tip."  That is not a solution.  I did leave her a tip.  The best was to describe this place is that it's a fake nice restaurant.  They charge like they are a nice restaurant, but everything else about the experience screams cheap diner.
2	Oh Pewter rose, your recent trip has left me wanting you to be better. Service and ambiance are still great, but you served me undercooked seafood risotto with really really chewy scallops, tiny shrimp that were overcooked, and tiny dry gritty mussels and the the final nail in the coffin was the slightly hard rice. I would much rather have had overcooked risotto, this was not creamy, smooth, or any of the other usual textures I would have expected. Did the chef even taste this before sending it out? I was really hungry so I ate it all and didn't bother to complain, but eh this experience has really left a bad impression on me.Maybe I'll just stick to your land bound dishes from now on seeing as how badly you messed up. Well thats if I do end up coming back, lets step up the quality alright Pewter Rose?
4	Returned to Pewter Rose Bistro after having been away for a couple of months and felt welcomed by the friendly atmosphere of the place.  Was intrigued by the new menu offerings and settled on the Roasted Airline Chicken Breast.  Cooked just right, it was infused with herbs and sat atop a jalapeno & cheddar grit cake with a charred tomato relish.  The combination of flavors in my mouth was one of the best things I've ever eaten/
5	Tried Pewter Rose for the first time tonight on the recommendation on our son, who had been there just a few days earlier and insisted on returning again with us (and he isn't easily impressed).  Service was impeccable--loved our waitress who was very attentive.  I had a raspberry cosmo--so good and smooth with great flavor.  I told our waitress that I really liked it and would like to try making them at home--five minutes later our wonderful bartender dropped the recipe off at our table!  Calamari and heart salad were great (I had never had grilled romaine before--adds a nice smoky flavor).  Roast airline chicken breast was amazing (our son ordered it on both visits).  Cheeseburger was huge and delicious.  Seared grouper was delicious.  Only bummer--they were out of their famous peanut butter pie (that's how famous it is!)  We were too full anyway and will definitely be returning there soon to give it a try!!  One more thing--beautiful atmosphere!! Loved the ambiance!
4	Like being reintroduced to an old friend the girlfriend and I made an impromptu date night last night and decided this would be the place.  What a great idea!  The place was pretty dead but I prefer it that way sometimes.  There was a great acoustical band playing and we were seated just far enough away that we could still talk, yet hear the music....perfect.  Dinner started off with a tasty IPA beer and a salad as the kickoff.  I decided on the entree of the night being the short rib plate mostly based on the side item of wasabi potato salad.  Yum!!  I loved the flavors.  The ribs were nice and tender which in itself is a talent.  The service was great and not too much, yet just enough....another great talent.  I love Pewter Rose and need to not wait in between visits so long!
4	I usually go for sunday brunch, so can't speak for the dinners
5	The New Year's Eve 3-course dinner at Pewter Rose was outstanding. The hummus appetizer plate was delicious, with a little spicy and unexpected flavor. My salmon was seared to perfection and paired with a sweet potato puree that was absolutely delicious. As great as the food was, our service was even better. A big thanks to Wade for giving us an outstanding experience. His description of the delicious menu was perfect, and his suggestions were even better. His timing with our appetizers, main courses and desserts was excellent -- he brought each course at exactly the right time, and kept us entertained the entire time. A lot of people can "wait tables" but we could tell that Wade took seriously every aspect of his work -- and that resulted in a very nice evening for us. Happy New Year, Wade and all the crew at Pewter Rose!
5	Fantastic.  I will be back when I am in Charlotte again.  We ate there twice on this trip, Dinner & Sunday Brunch.
5	My wife and I stayed overnight in Charlotte on our way from Norfolk to Atlanta and we decided that we wanted to have brunch. This is possibly the best brunch my wife and I have ever had! It was super romantic and classy, what with the stringed white lights, the tree and the separate area for a small group to reserve (there was a bridal shower going on while we were there). The food was amazing; Special mentions go to the double POM mimosa and butterscotch scones. I would definitely come back here at least once a month if I lived here!
2	Me and a  date here last night for dinner, and I was thinking that maybe just maybe this place would be nice. But...I ordered meatloaf, I always order meatloaf from a place first because it is a simple dish, that one cannot typically mess up, but this was the first mexican meatloaf I have ever had, I mean, all they had to do was make it regular it was not that impressive. The truffle mac and cheese was just meh, it was missing a flavor, I could not put my finger on it. My date said her Salmon was not spectacular, she ate after we left, because she was not interested. My highlight of the night, was the bread and the bottle of wine, we ordered both were better than the meal.
3	I've been to Pewter Rose a few times, once with a larger group of 12 or so and the other times just with one other person. Each time, the food took a very long time. Today, I went with a girlfriend and our food took 45 minutes. We went during their Sunday brunch, which is obviously busy but there is no sense in our 2 simple breakfast plates taking that long to reach our table. I am extremely easy to please as far as dining out is concerned but today I was pretty irritated, I probably won't be back  on a Sunday for brunch again because of my disappointment each time of the service and extremely long wait for food.
2	My wife and I went with another couple for a birthday celebration. We asked for outdoor seating and had a nice table on the balcony. The hostess was friendly enough. The first person at our table didn't say a word while he poured our water. The server showed up several minutes later, but dismissed our questions quickly refocusing us to explain a menu item that was unavailable and it's alternate. Starters took a while. The mussel app was good until the 5th which was so fishy and rank I had to spit it out (so it was my last). After another 45 minutes, 3 of 4 entrees arrived. After a wait and finally asking the hostess to track down our last entree, it finally was delivered. My salmon and shrimp (the special/alternate) were overcooked but pasta underneath was good. Lasagna had been sitting so long under a heat lamp that a few layers were too hard to eat, meatloaf was ok. Lamb chops were good, but cold by the time meatloaf arrived and we could all start to eat. Very disappointed with the service and food; wine was reasonably priced. Robert Bruce Pinot was very good. No desire to return.
5	I'm not going to give my boyfriend all the credit but... I WAS SO ROMANCED! The server was super attentive and friendly and gave me some great advice on wine pairings. The meal started off with warm, pillowy rolls from Nova's bakery. We went straight past the appetizer for the main course. I had the sundried tomato bread pudding and this tender, savory salmon steak and a side of perfectly cooked and lightly seasoned asparagus. I was ashamed I couldn't clean my plate, but was delightfully stuffed.
2	I went back to pewter rose for breakfast, and the food was really not that great. I love the decor of the place, and the people that I met. My highlight of Breakfast was the butterscotch scones.
4	So far, I'm impressed.  It was a little pricey for what we got, but it didn't disappoint.  I got the Filet and my wife got a salad.  Both were very good and the wine menu was excellent.  For the money, we probably could have done something else but it's in the neighborhood and we really enjoyed something different.  From the pics on Yelp, I will probably be sampling some new stuff soon.  I recommend the porch!  It was a great night with a nice light breeze.  Very casual and relaxing.
3	Found this place online and since my in-laws are in town, we thought we'd give it a try. I can't pinpoint what style it was, but I sure wasn't impressed by the decoration of the restaurant. Before the entree came, I was a little worried about picking the wrong place, because the calamari and the caesar salad were just ok. The sauce on the calamari was a little sweet and the caesar salad was kinda bitter. Bread was good though, very warm and fluffy. When the entree came up to the table, we were all admired how pretty everyone's dish looked. The chief sure knows how to please your eyes before you eat.I had the Beef Tenderloin, it was cooked a little more done than I like, but I DID NOT send it back, instead, I finished that whole plate. The sauce was flavorful but not overpowering, the meat was tender and juicy, and a lit of veggies and potato made the dish so perfect.The place is a little on the pricey side, but I think for the quality of the food, it's totally worth it if you want to have a special night out.
2	We had brunch here this morning and while the food was great, the service was horrible.  Also, it was great to find a steak knife on top of the toilet paper dispenser in the ladies room, glad no one's lottle girl found this.  I'm soo disappointed, now I'm gonna have to find a new place for brunch!  This place needs to get their s**t together, not pro!
5	My wife nd I went here for our anniversary this year. We sat outside which was nice. It felt like we were out of town. The service was excellent. We had a coupon so the server alredy knew his tip was included, but that didn't stop him from giving fantastic service, surpassed only by the food. The sweet corn risotto was fantastic, although I have to say that the brie with brown sugar and almonds was last meal worthy. It's served with fruit and home made crackers. We will be spending more special occasions here.
2	Brunch here is great, I won't dispute that.  Great price and food.  Dinner is a different story.  I've eaten here probably 4 times and I find it overpriced for the quality.  I had dinner there last Saturday and had the salmon salad.  I would definitely not recommend getting this dish.  It was dry and lacking in flavor.  My friend had the chicken and it was pretty good, but still not worth the price.  Service was ok, although I had to ask the waitress twice to take my empty plate away.  I wouldn't have mentioned this part if the waitress was friendly, but she was dismissive the first time I asked, and then she knew she the second time I was getting upset.  I had finished a long time ago and was at a small table.  I'll go back for brunch, but I doubt I'll do dinner here again when I can walk a few steps over to Liberty and get a lot more for my money.
3	We go to Pewter Rose once every couple of months for brunch, mainly because I love their fruit/granola/yogurt dish, which is really difficult to find anywhere else. I was SO disappointed this morning to find out that their executive chef is new, and that dish is no longer on the menu! They also updated their benedict to a black forest benedict and added huevos rancheros. Thankfully, they kept the free butterscotch scones! The food is still great, but I was disappointed that my favorite dish is gone. A small OJ was $3, and a coffee was $3.25, which seems high (not sure if the prices are different now).
4	I've wanted to go here for a while, but my friends always managed to go when I was out of town or it was too crowded (why wait if there is a free table at The Liberty?). I finally made it in for lunch.  I got there at 11:30 am to beat the business lunch crowd.  Their lunch menu has plenty of salads and lighter fare.  I went for the scallop tacos.  They were great.  No sides, but the menu didn't mention any and with3 tacos who needs beans or rice.Service was great, my water and tea stayed full.  The place was empty so I expected no less.Seemed like most people there were on lunch meetings picked up on expense accounts.Light rail is convenient, but parking is usually fine in their lot.
1	This restaurant has been recommended to me by just about everyone and I just moved here. I made reservations for Saturday night at 7:30PM and actually arrived early. We were able to be seated on the deck which is a very nice location...shady, comfortable. My boyfriend and I ordered the baked brie appetizer which was, by far, the best part of the meal. It was a very pretty plate. We ordered our entrees at the same time as the app. When I stated I'd like the short ribs, the server told me that the kitchen had been tweaking the recipe for several weeks and that she would not recommend it. Hm...ok, so I went with the pork tenderloin. My boyfriend went with the beef tenderloin. In short, the corn/sweet potatoes that came with the pork didn't taste like anything and the pork had a slightly...off taste, slightly sour? The brussels sprouts that came with the beef were so tough that he didn't eat them in addition to his requested medium beef being well done. The service was fine with the exception of the fact that we didn't get steak knives to eat our meals; we had to ask for them. Somehow the tables near us had bread but we were never offered any. I honestly didn't want to stay for dessert because with two alcoholic beverages, the bill came to almost $100 with tip. I was already disappointed and couldn't see prolonging the experience.
4	I visited Pewter Rose for the first time a week ago and was pleasantly satisfied. The restaurant was relatively empty for a Friday evening, so I don't believe that reservations are necessary unless you have a large party. This place is clean, warm, and inviting with a French romantic ambiance. I ordered the special/catch of the day, Red Snapper, with mushroom rice and wilted spinach. My friend ordered the fillet mignon with brussel sprouts. Both dishes were very appetizing. The service was great; as the staff were attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable. I will be returning to this restaurant in the near future.
4	On several different occasions, the food was superb! Had one bad experience with the service because we were sat right after a large group and waited about 45 minutes to be served our entree. The food quality made up for it, but the wait was stressful. I have to say though, their brown sugar and almond baked brie appetizer is to die for!
4	Pewter Rose Bistro is a classic South End spot for brunch and lunch. The butterscotch scones that are brought around to everyone are buttery and delicious - a complement to any meal. I've never been here for dinner but there is a full dinner menu offered as well with lots of wine specials during the week. I recently had a lovely lunch here with friends and really enjoyed the quiet, eclectic ambiance and the delicious food. The almond baked brie is really something special - served hot it had just the right amount of sweetness and the accompanying fruit added a nice element with the crackers and cheese. I debated about trying one of the tasty sounding sandwiches but ended up with a the below salad which was made interesting by the addition of bulgher wheat, blue cheese and candied walnuts. I look forward to trying more of the menu soon!
2	Honestly, i expected what i'd heard to be one of the best brunches in town to be better. It was nothing to get stoked about. And it was not cheap. I have no problem shelling out good money for good food. At $11 for an entree, $4 for a side, and a few more bucks for orange juice+ a tip....it just doesn't seem worth it for a the breakfast i got. The grub was aiiiight. Nothing special that i couldn't have made at home. The service was also just aiiiight. We had to ask for the oh so popular butterscotch scones. Someone i was with mentioned that they used to just bring them out to each table but apparently not anymore. Wish i had more to say about everything but it was all just pretty blah. I should definitely be a little more excited about a meal that cost me twenty five bucks.
5	I like Pewter Rose any time of day: brunch, lunch, dinner. The service can be slow, but the food is good and reasonably priced given the quality. I love the decor, location and really enjoy the yummy bread they bring out prior to the meal. It's a great place to bring out of towners... just note that it is NOT accessible for people with physical handicaps/mobility issues (it's on the second story of a historic building with no elevator).
4	2nd best gin martini w/blue cheese olives I've ever had (1st = my brother, who runs 300 east restaurant in charlotte).
4	Brunch at the Pewter Rose Bistro was a very nice eperience.  The butterscotch scones for our pre-brunch were delicious.  Two of our party had the excellent french toast.  I had the shrimp and grits with andouille sausage gravy.  Excellent dish.  The rest of our party enjoyed their brunch selections as well.  Service was excellent.
2	We've been to Pewter Rose twice.  In the two times we ate dinner here, we found the service to be lacking and food inconsistent.  The first time, it took 15 minutes to see our waitress to place our order, and another 30 minutes until our food came out.  We weren't offered bread or anything else while we waited.  The restaurant wasn't busy at all which made it all the more confusing.   When our dishes were served, the lamb was well prepared, but the streak was charred badly on the outside and rare inside.  The waitress took so long to check on us, and it was getting so late, my wife refused another dish and basically went home hungry.  After waiting nearly 6 months, we thought to give it another shot.  On our second visit, I again ordered the lamb, but my wife tried the chicken dish.  I again had to ask for bread, the waiter never came to check on us once the food came out (and I dropped my fork so I had to go get one from another table myself) and we found the lamb was not very good (1 chop was seasoned, the others tasted almost flavorless).  This chicken was very garlicky.  I have to say if your food is inconsistent and your service stinks, we won't be back a third time.
2	Heard about this place quite some time ago and found a living social deal the other day... Hubby and I decided to go for a romantical evening. It was a cute eclectic little place but the food was sub-par. Now I have heard from others that brunch is great but all I know is dinner. It was definitely pricey especially if you have a drink (or three). Just the fact that they actually battered and fried the lemon in our calamari (and I bit into it) -- need i say more? Not a fan.
3	Adding a star to my previous rating.  I won't say anything more about brunch because I haven't been back for it, but dinner here is MUCH better.  I had steak, it was tender and delicious.  Dinner here is good enough that I would bring out of town guests here to impress them. But I can't forget that lukewarm brunch, so we're still at 3 stars average.
4	I've been a few times and all-in-all really enjoy this spot for a nicer night out.Ambiance is classy with a quirky twist. The walls are made of doors and door frames, the structural supports are covered to look like trees and strings of white outdoor lights crisscross for a whimsical feel. As soon as you walk inside you'll notice the sizable flock of origami birds hanging over the reception area. The food is very well prepared with quality proteins given the gourmet treatment. Most of the time the food is spot-on; only on very abnormal occasions have I found something off enough to whine. The menu has a limited number of selections to ensure each dish is detailed and well-prepared, and the menu selections do change each season.The wine list is expansive and has some incredible selections to accent your meal.Speak of beverages, one whole side of the space is a bar and lounge, with retro stools along the lighted bar and an abundance of sofas, chairs, and coffee tables. This is the PERFECT place to order a drink and one of their indulgent desserts - on a cold night, go for one of the spiked coffees and either the cheesecake or one of the chocolate treats. Would be a great place to enjoy a glass of port, too.When the weather is right, the patio is delightful. Being a second-floor restaurant, it's a long, covered balcony with wicker furniture that harkens to a veranda in Savannah or Charleston. I was surprised to hear, though, that they have moved to reservation-only on the weekends. If you just walk in, they cannot guarantee a table inside. Something to keep in mind as you plan your evening, so to be sure your date night includes a great dinner, some planning in advance is needed and well worth the effort.
4	We went here for brunch, my favorite meal of the day. the helpings were of good size and prices weren't too bad. Although I didn't pay. the french toast was done very well and served with a friendly smile. Really enjoyed the building itself as well. Overall very good vibe.
1	I went to Pewter Rose this morning with my girlfriend for Saturday brunch, very much looking forward to experiencing first-hand a menu that seemed incredibly promising. If only we'd left Pewter Rose as a lovely idea, rather than experiencing it in person. As of today, the sanitation rating at Pewter Rose was 93.5% - Problem #1.After being seated, we began to discover potential reasons that 93.5 was the best they could do - even in a mostly empty dining room, the glasses and silverware on our table looked as though it had been picked out of a bin of dirty dishes - Problem #2.While perhaps stellar service or amazing food could have compensated for either the low sanitation rating or dirty dishes, we decided after sitting at our table - again, in a mostly empty dining room - for more than 10 minutes without seeing a waitperson to leave before wasting any more time.So. Low sanitation rating, dirty dishes, and NO service. Maybe there are days where service is perfect, dishes are spotless, and they actually want to serve food. Today was apparently not one of those days - and it's not worth gambling that it will be a day for actual service in the future.
2	waste my money. the shrimp and grits were the worst I ever had. You can tell it was a can product. The crab cake, taste was ok.  The first time had it served with no sauce at all.  The French toast sticks were a little hard around the end crust. The Sunday brunch had a good menu, but fail short on taste
4	It has been YEARS since I have been to the Pewter Rose Bistro, but over the weekend, we decided to meet some friends there for brunch.  We arrived around 1pm on Saturday and were seated right away. They immediately brought out a basket of their infamous butterscotch scones.  I tried one but honestly I was underwhelmed.  It didn't have very much flavor. (2.5 stars)We got the hummus plate, and were impressed with the hummus and accoutrements including an olive spread, pickled veggies, peppers, and pita bread (I think they called it naan on the menu, but it tasted more like a standard pita bread to me).  ($9).  This was good and I would order it again. (4 stars) I decided to order the Bananas Foster Stuffed French Toast ($11) This was served with maple syrup, rum butter, strawberries and whipped cream.  I decided to get a side of turkey sausage to go with it.  The dish was ENORMOUS... and tasted ok, but honestly not as delicious as it sounded.  Sadly, I couldn't taste the "carmelized bananas" which were in the middle of a creamy filling. The bread was BIG and unfortunately did not soak up much of the batter that you expect on french toast.  (3 stars)The turkey sausage was not terrible, but not the best I have ever had.  It sort of had an odd consistency - sort of like a frozen patty. I think the side order was around $3. (2.5 stars)I decided to order a bellini, but unfortunately, the bartender came out and said they were out of the peach nectar.  So, the bartender talked me into trying a prosecco with some sort of elderberry liqueur.  I was game to try it, but again, it fell short of high expectations. Thankfully, the server brought a small carafe of OJ so I could morph the drink into a mimosa.  I think the drink was around $10. (2.5 stars)What pushed this overall review to 4 stars instead of 3 was the excellent and friendly service from everyone we came in contact with.  After all these years, the decor and atmosphere is still good and  I am glad to see that this restaurant is still doing well (I think they have been around since '89 or so.)   I will definitely be going back to check out some of their other brunch offerings.
4	LOVED the ambiance! The hummus appetizer was huge and came with several vegetables, pickles, peppers, olives, and delicious warm naan. The lasagna was very good as was the black bean burger. This would be a great spot for a date or girls' night out!
4	One of my favorite Charlotte restaurants. Good-bye. We'll miss you!
1	Don't ever get the seafood risotto. They must not know how to clean mussels bc everyone I got was extremely fishy and had sand remnants in it.
