3	They people who work their are great! Very friendly and some of them actually remember you! They lack in their fruit (berries especially) where Basha's across the street always has what I am looking for. Their meats are great  but not amazing. The Safeway down at McKellips has better fish in everything except the crab legs and salmon. I love that Albertsons no longer requires a savings card!!!
4	This is the only store anywhere close that has the vegetables I need to cook with!  If you cook from scratch this is the place to go.  I've tried all the others close by, Safeway, Basha's, Fry's, Walmart - when I go there I always end up having to go to Albertson's to get what the other stores didn't have in stock!  Now there are only two places I shop:  Costco and Albertson's!
4	This is my grocery store. Friendly staff, good sales, decent produce, good bakery with tasty carrot cake made by a friendly German lady; no fresh bagels though. I do 85% of my shopping here. Monday deli fried chicken deal is great, as long as the chicken hasn't been sitting out too long. I ask and request fresh chicken now after having been burned twice with dried up chicken that sat too long. WARNING:  if you are going to buy alcohol, do not bring your teenage kids in line with you. I witnessed a cashier refusing to sell a 6-pack of beer to a well dressed middle aged man because his daughter was with him in line and she didn't have her ID. I heard the whole story, the guy was understandably upset, who happened to pick up his ASU daughter from the gym on the way home from work at the end of the day. This sounded completely ridiculous to me and unfortunately for this guy, common sense didn't prevail that day.
4	The bakery at "MY Store" is absolutely fabulous!  I did not know you can bring in a picture and they can scan immediately on to rice paper for any cake decoration.  We were creating a custom cake and we inquired if they could scan a picture and they said, YES!  I thought it would take a day or two but it's immediately...took less than 10 mins for the whole process.  Best idea since slice bread!
5	My go to store for meat.  Most places, including the nice looking supermarkets carry USDA Select.  Albertsons uses USDA Choice.  The selection on can goods is subpar but just based on the quality of their meat they deserve five stars.
