5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!We lost power in a few rooms when the storm hit early this morning. Could've been due to the storm, or maybe just coincidence. Having never hired an electrician in LV before, I went with the first name on Yelp that had 5 stars. Matt & Tim Eckerdt both came out within hours. They did the troubleshooting & fixing really quickly and didn't charge me an arm & a leg. Not knowing what to expect, their pricing was substantially lower than what I thought it would be. Very down-to-earth nice guys, too!Will definitely use again for future projects.
5	I needed an electrician to rewire and hang a dining room light fixture at my mom's house. Since it was my first time calling an electrician, I relied on Yelp to help me choose the right company. Sure enough, I'm glad I did!  Matt and Tim from Eckerdt Electric were wonderful. Right on time, very friendly and professional, conscious about keeping things clean and the costs were very reasonable. I would contact them again in a heartbeat and recommend Eckerdt Electric to my friends.  They did a beautiful job!
5	We have been living in our new house for about 2 weeks now, and noticed that the spare bathroom fan wasnt working. We checked the home inspection and they stated it was silent, but when we looked at it, it wast spinning at all. After calling the inspectors they reassured us that it was working when they did the inspection. We found Eckerdt electrical online and had them come look at the fan, come to find out the plug used to run the fan didnt even have power.  So it couldnt have ever worked but it was a quick and easy fix for Eckerdt, they did a great job and explained everything as he did the work. If we ever have another electrical problem we will surely call them.  Now to see if the inspector will pay us back for their mistake.
5	We called Matt after finding him on line, and asked him to address a few random items from a home inspection.  He was very communicative, was on time and stood behind his work.  This is not your grandfathers electrician.  This is a company that prides themselves on high quality customer service.
5	I needed some electrical work done and decided to go ahead and join Angies' list. I contacted a highly recommended electrician who was going to call me back. Three days later, I was still waiting.... I canceled my Angie's list membership and searched on Yelp. I called Eckerdt Electric - Matt was great!  Very professional, punctual and he stayed in contact until he arrived at my house. Very reasonable prices and great service - hard to find in LV! Eckerdt Electric will be my electrician going forward and I will definitely recommend them to all my friends. Thanks Matt!!!!
5	I had been looking for a good residential electrician forever. I finally stumbled upon Eckerdt Electric on Yelp and read all of the good reviews, so I decided to give him a call for a quote. I described to him what needed to be done and he was spot on with the quote. He got me scheduled right away. *Got an appointment for just a couple days after contacting him*His work was fast and clean. He removed two old chandeliers in my dining room and put in one centered fixture, and also replaced my fixture in my foyer with a vaulted ceiling. Looks great! He made sure that I was happy with the placement and the height of the fixtures. I will definitely be calling him back when ever I need an electrician again and will definitely suggest him to friends in the market for one.
5	Saw reviews on yelp and it sold me.  Eckerdt Electric lived up to expectations.  Matt was professional, reasonable, and gave me plenty of options.  I will not hesitate to call him back for any more electrical work that I need done in the future.
5	Called them about a month ago to solve a kitchen electrical problem which was beyond my skill.  I live in an older house so I had a feeling it would be easy.  Matt swung by and seemed to have it fixed within an hour, however the next day it went flaky once again.  He came by again that same day and fixed it solid.  Great service and professional.  I'm keeping his card on my fridge.
1	Read many great reviews about the wonderful customer service but could not even get anyone to call me back.  Finally gave up and went with someone else.
