4	Fairly typical Walgreens. Sell beer and wine now. Photo and pharmacy. Redbox movies.
4	I give this Walgreens a thumbs up in my book for the following reasons:- they carry the basic essentials that you would expect from a Walgreens - they sell eggs, bread and milk--- all the essentials without requiring me to run into the grocery store! - And finally...they support the troops and have a consistent fundraiser going on where I can donate a dollar to items like bath needs and even popcorn to the troops oversees.
4	Walgreens has a plethora of products--everything from beauty products to cleaning items, snacks to toys.  I prefer Walgreens over CVS because the inventory is organized with some practicality in mind.  The toys and knick-knacks have their own section instead of being randomly placed throughout the store.  The beauty section is front-and-center--a blessing and a curse.  Luckily, the snacks are on the far end of the store; I've already picked out my items by the time I reach the east end--when your cart is filled with $20 or $30 of merchandise, those Fudge Shoppe Deluxe cookies just don't seem as essential.  Walgreens is my pharmacy of choice.  The pharmacy staff are prompt, polite and professional.  They always ask if you will be waiting in-store for your prescription.  Have other shopping to do or time to kill?  They will fill your 'scrips promptly.  Every time I say I'll stick around, I've been politely paged when my prescriptions are filled.  Excellent service.  I also like how there's a "Walgreens brand" of most items.  These products are just as good as their brand name counterparts.  Plus, they're about a buck cheaper.  Even though this store doesn't have a Take Care Clinic, it's still a Walgreens--it serves its function well.
5	In customer service, there's really no such thing as being "overstaffed". This Walgreens comes pretty close. I've never seen fewer than 5 employees at any given time in such a small place. It's awesome!This particular Walgreens employees a very friendly staff, as well. They are never too busy to help out in the event you need help.Once again, I'm not sure if it's good or bad that I know this, but if you frequent this Walgreens enough, the staff takes the time to actually remember your name.Top notch!
1	This pharmacy is full of the most incompetent people I have ever had to talk to. I now go to the safeway across the street and have no more problems. The pharm techs will lie to you and transfer you just to do less work. What happened to trying to help the customers? Walgreens could care less and this store especially is full of idiots. To sum up: GO TO ANY OTHER PHARMACY TO SAVE YOURSELF HEADACHES.
1	This drive thru pharmacy needs a lesson in customer delight. 1) They are slow2) often incorrect and have to re-do3) They really don't understand the lifetime value of happy cutover4) their voice calling system - doesn't leave name of person the prescription is ready for, so you are left guessingThis manager should start to take time at learning "window lessons" from the other drive thurs (dunkin donut, macdonalds etc) and train their people on make customers feel wanted.
4	Mary Mary Mary! She makes Walgreens the right place to come with all your needs. Jan is right by her side. You can tell they love working for Walgreens and that makes my shopping experience delightful! Thank you for being there as soon as I walk in to direct me to the products I am looking for.
1	The pharmacy person named Jennifer only Asian girl working there today was beyond rude and arrogant.  Avoid this place for meds the are incompetent of being helpful.
