5	The Dailey Method Scottsdale is finally open... and I'm so excited!I'd been to Dailey Method in San Francisco before as well as Karve here locally, and now we have our very own TDM studio.  Linda Nofer opened her studio at The Seville shopping center (off of Scottsdale and Indian Bend).  It's immaculate and has an amazing energy about it... likely, it comes from Linda herself...Linda is the most passionate person about this practice I've ever met.  For those that don't know, TDM combines ballet barre work, core conditioning, stretching, and orthopedic exercises all into an hour long class that will kick your butt (or at least it kicks mine!)I like the classes because they are challenging, always different, and with the focus on different muscles in the body constantly changing, the full body gets a workout every time.  The music is upbeat and energizing too... Now that my wedding is just three months away, I hope to be visiting The Dailey Method a whole lot... and if I do, I am sure I'll feel strong and confident on my big day!  Let me know if you want to join me for a Dailey Method workout?!**A few other things to note about TDM: -child care is available - check the schedule - a bonus for you busy moms!-beautiful brand new bathrooms make changing or showering a pleasure-lockers available as well to lock up your precious belongings-While individual classes cost $20 a piece, there are introductory specials you can take advantage of including your first unlimited month for $100 and 3 classes for $45.  Check it out - your body will thank you!
5	I'm so excited the Dailey Method is finally open in Scottsdale!My daughter-in-law lives in San Francisco and has been talking about it for over a year, and I couldn't wait to take the classes. Since taking the classes, I have improved my core conditioning, flexibility, and endurance. I've had a personal trainer for many years, and the benefits I have gained from the Dailey Method classes are better. The classes are challenging and are always changing, so your body gets a fantastic workout to upbeat music. Linda Nofer, The Dailey Method Scottsdale's owner is so enthusiastic and has inspired me to work harder. You get individual attention in each class, so that the teachers ensure that you are executing the exercises properly and receive the most benefits from them. I look forward to going to class, and if I have to miss a class, I can't wait to get back there.I would highly recommend The Dailey Method !!
5	THE DAILEY METHOD ROCKS!I'll be honest, for many years I've relied on good genes, healthy eating habits and a high metabolism. Maybe some yoga here and there but I've NEVER been a gym junkie nor have I committed to a consistent exercise routine.I was offered the opportunity to try the Dailey Method and so I was off to my first class. Hey! I've done Yoga a few times in the past couple of months, this would be a piece of cake, right?HA! I had no idea what a little weakling I was until I was literally getting my ass kicked by a 60 year old student in class. I was thinking halfway through the 'body boot camp' there would be no way I could do the class ever again...it was too hard for me. Then I thought to myself " WAIT. If she can do it...what the hell is my problem? I'm half her age!" After class she told me before coming to the class, she wasn't able to even walk up the stairs. INSPIRING!Since I never give up on anything, I went back for a second class. The second time was SO much easier(i say this lightly) and by the third class I was amazed and noticed I had already gained strength and flexibility from the first two classes.I decided to try the monthly unlimited package (they swear 3 days a week and in 6 weeks you'll have a new body). I'm now a few weeks in and I feel better each day. I can't wait to update my review in a few months and I will need this review as a reminder that I wasn't always as awesome as I am soon going to be at "The Dailey Method." One reason I've never been a gym junkie is I don't want to bulk up, and 'machines' bore me. The Dailey Method is unique in that it provides a mix of nonstop techniques with a perfect combination of strength building and flexibility. I might be off on my description but to me it's a mix of yoga/ballet/pilates/aerobics. It's unique!!!HOWEVER, IT IS NOT A LAZY WORKOUT. Which for me, is great. I'm a really busy career gal so if I am going to spend time working out - it needs to really count. The instructors are INCREDIBLE. I feel so welcome and supported from the moment I walked through the door. They have patience with me while I'm learning. I'm noticing the minor differences in the different teachers and classes offered there as well...soon I'll be able to be picky in my class selection (in case I need tough love one day and more coddling the next)I can guarantee anybody who is into fitness even the slightest would become a Dailey Method addict just by walking through the door.
4	Eight and seven and six andtummies tuckedshoulders backtighten, and breath and breath...Five and four and threechin is upchest it outtighten and squeeze and squeeze... and two and one ... hold.Ah! The Dailey Method helped firm my rear, but not before it kicked it up and down that instruction room. Big thanks to Gabi K to dragging me out to my first ever DM class.An equal mix of cardio, resistance, yoga and Pilates, I've never felt like this immediately after a class: arms felt heavy, limbs stretched, and back loose as a goose. Let me say that this particular class was not easy--nor was standing in the front right next to the instructor (no way I could sneak in a two-second break). It takes a decent amount of coordination and listening skills, but even if that doesn't top your resume, don't be deterred from at least trying TDM.Women of all shapes, sizes, flexibility and strength were in this class, and as the instructor said, you may not be able to touch your toes on the dance bar, but you'll eventually get there. It's a non-stop workout, and though you may be cursing your instructor as you hold a V-up for a few seconds, in the end you'll have a huge grin on your sweaty face knowing you just did a wonderful thing for your body. Great music, a spunky instructor and a few good laughs make it an entertaining class as well. An individual class for first timers is $20, which is steep if you anticipate on continuing on a few times a week; so I suggest the new client unlimited special for $100 ($200 for returning clients).Wear yoga pants and somewhat form-fitting clothing so that instructors can see if your poses are correct. (Loose shorts aren't recommended. Your legs will be stretched up over a ballet bar, in the air and all over the place--with mirrors.) And socks are required (you may want to spring for those fancy socks with grippers at the bottom so you don't slide around), so don't forget! This location has a clean locker room, showers, and even a small children's area for the rugrats. Oh, and the spunky owner Linda's little dog is absolutely adorable! Hoping TDM opens up a location in Houston soon, til then, I'll have to wait. Luckily, I'm in SF (home to TDM) for the week and am taking as many classes as my schedule and budgie allow.
5	I wanted to thank The Dailey Method for hosting an awesome fundraiser for The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. With their help and the help of all the businesses that from the Seville that participated, we raised over $1500 that will go directly to funding research and helping patients here in Arizona. Check out the story that was on Fox10 News Saturday.  http://tinyurl.com/y8ud86uThank you Linda for everything.
5	I'm all about getting my rear in gear! I just love a good work out and The Dailey Method definitely delivers! Thank You Gabi K. for introducing me to a Kick Ass work out!This routine is like nothing I've ever done before and I won't lie, it was tough at times, but in a good way of course. You will be proud of yourself and feel good leaving here.Linda the owner is just as sweet as can be, she made me feel really welcome and Dawn the instructor that taught the class I was in  was just a sweetheart as well.I loved the space, it was bright and clean. They have two large bathrooms with lockers, showers and all the toiletries, towels and blow dryers etc. that you will be needing after a hard core work out! Just a few notes:*You will need non slip socks for this workout, you can buy a pair here for $10!*No excuses Ladies, they have child care!! Only $6!*Great rates for new clients, you can't pass up a good deal!* Your body will thank you, what are you waiting for?!!!If you are looking for a fun new way to get your body into shape I highly recommend you try TDM.
5	It's only an hour, how hard could it be?Oh how naive I was when I walked into the Dailey Method!  This workout is different than anything I have ever done.  An intense combination of ballet barre work, stretching and resistance, it is designed to create lean, strong muscles while enhancing flexibility.  The movements are precise, targeting muscles I didn't even know I had!  It left me feeling great, even though some parts were trembling with exhaustion!  By the end, I actually felt taller.Linda the owner was our instructor - a tiny dynamo of energy!  She and Sarah, another instructor who was taking the class, were very helpful in explaining the correct form and occasionally would adjust us into proper alignment.  Much more difficult when done correctly!  These women are so nice and very enthusiastic about the practice.  They were great motivators, too.I wasn't the only new person today, so I wasn't the only one struggling!  Geesh - I havent done a split since cheerleading!  My fellow newbie and I have agreed to go back next Sunday - maybe I can get a couple of more inches of stretch...I wonder if I will be as happy tomorrow, when I will certainly wake up sore!
4	Since most things in my life have the shelf life of a diary product, I felt the Dailey Method deserved an update. Why? Because I am close to approaching the 6 month mark of being part of The Dailey Method...and I can't believe it!!!This is one of the most beautiful, graceful, yet OH SO effective workouts. When building up strength, it's easy to get discouraged at times. But, I can guarantee anybody who sticks it out with dedication for the first month will continually see themselves improve. Then, one day you'll be surprised to find yourself getting stronger and pushing yourself to new levels!The Dailey Method owner is so passionate and has such a talent for what she does, it spreads like wildfire to her instructors and onto her students. I cannot speak highly enough of Linda and her crew and the incredible amount of support they have given me.My motto in life is that the world would be a better place if more people focused on making themselves happy and whole. The Dailey Method has been an instrumental 'new' part of my life to help me be stronger...not only physically, but mentally. I know many Methoders who would agree. What is there to lose? While you're enjoying your new booty, you can also pride yourself knowing you look darn smart too!!
5	I think the Dailey Method should offer complimentary wheelchairs to wheel you out to your car when you're done. Because my muscles sure weren't working well enough to want to do it on their own after a recent class here with the lovely Gabi M. I'm willing to admit that could have partially been my own fault due to taking a boot camp class the day before that I didn't remember until we were already in the class. What can I say? I put painful memories out of my head as fast as I can.Seriously though, I really enjoy doing these classes after they are done (I don't think anyone is enjoying it when it's happening) for several reasons. One you get to work out in your socks. It feels like kindergarten playtime, but with a burn. Two, even though you never break a real sweat every muscle you have is like jelly at some point during the class. And three, after each bit of hard work there is always a nice, long stretch to relieve your gelatinous muscle.I thoroughly enjoyed this class in particular because the instructor Ginger was so high energy. She made me feel guilty for not doing all the work with a smile on my face. And her music was right up my alley -which I've learned is all-important when pushing through the pain of exercise.
5	If you want to get your ass kicked, go to TDM and ask for Linda. She won't let you slack off, she won't let you lose form, and she won't let you be lame and try to take breaks in the middle of exercises.Why, you ask, would one want to be tortured so? Well, because as a woman in her mid-to-upper twenties, I need all the help I can get fitting into my skinny jeans.My favorite thing about this class is that Linda knows what you are capable of, and she won't let you off easy. She has a keen understanding for who you can and cannot push, and it is really impressive.She is the next best thing to Jillian Michaels (Biggest Loser)... that is both scary and rad at the same time! See ya soon, TDM!
3	I really wasn't sure how to review this....because for the most part, the problems were due to operator error...meaning me! I haven't worked out in ages, and I have never done yoga or pilates, but I figured this was a basics class and how hard could it be? IT. WAS. HARD! I am not sure if my body has ever been in some of those positions, and I have surely NEVER done the splits. I think the concept is a great idea, and I know tons of people like it....but I just don't think it is for me....I just don't bend that way...and I don't want to hurt myself trying! I will say that the studio is beautiful, the staff is very nice and didn't make us feel like outcasts for being the newbies in the class. For someone that is more into yoga or pilates, this would probably be fun for you, but for now, I will stick to the elliptical!
4	When in Phoenix I prefer outside workouts (can't do that during the Chicago winter), but took a break from hiking to tone and sweat at The Daily Method.My friends and I were greeted by our very bubbly instructor Sarah, who has more energy than I have after 4 cups of coffee. I've taken the Daily Method in SF, as well as The Bar Method, Exhale's Core Fusion, Pilates of Boca's Extend....and this one was pretty similar! However, Sarah's enthusiasm woke me up, she made sure our form was correct and she played good music. Exhale's Core Fusion is still my favorite of all these types of workouts, but since there isn't an Exhale (yet) in Phoenix this is a fantastic alternative.
5	Talk about an intense workout!!! You do really minute movements of contracting and releasing various muscles, but before you know it, you will start shaking as if you had been doing hardcore weight training. It's crazy how it works. If you want a noticeably more narrow waist, and lifted butt- this workout is for you! The best part....it's low impact!
3	I went to my first Dailey Method class last week. Regardless of how many barre classes you've taken, I'd suggest starting with the basics class since it is different than other studios in the area. Same overall flow, but different exercises.Due to my morning schedule & being confident I'd be able to pick up on things quickly, I took the mixed class. It wasn't a struggle to keep up, but it was a struggle to do things correctly & with proper form not having done the class before. While I appreciate being adjusted/corrected in any class, the instructor was a bit on the aggressive side. At other studios I'm used to "chin up, head up" & quickly adjust but here I got my pony tail pulled! It was kinda uncomfortable...Nice, clean space - but my search for a gym/studio continues.
3	I started with Pure Barre, tried Physique57 and now I'm trying Dailey Method.My first impression is that they all share very similar moves with the barre - chair position, stiletto heels.My two biggest gripes about TDM is that the teachers talk too much and the workout is all over the place.  There's no flow to it.  You start with warmup, then work your way to weights and then suddenly you're doing abs and then barre work?  I don't feel as comfortable with a lot of the low back stuff as I do with PB or Physique because I don't have the same amount of support.  Also, during the entire class it's difficult to understand the teacher's instructions as they're EXPLAINING every little move that you make.  Breathe in, hold it, tuck...am I supposed to be tucking?  Please just set up the move and go from there.I'm not saying this class won't work for you, but it just doesn't work for me.
5	I love love love love LOVE this workout/studio. Every teacher is knowledgable & unique- making each class different (they're all awesome), and challenging (in a good way). The first class might feel intimidating, but no worries. Everyone's had a first class at some point. My recommendation is to return the following day (you'll be sore) and just push yourself! The results are so rewarding! It's a really nice little community.
