2	Well at least they try... A bad attempt at NY pizza. I have to say the crust is good but the cheese leaves something to be desired. It's thick, matted, and oily.
3	Pretty good New York style pizza.  Open late night for some drunk eats on the southside.  They only had a couple basic topping options when we stopped in around 1am on a Friday, just wish they had a little bigger selection of single slices.
5	Authentic NY style pizza... Mmmm :-)
4	Best late night pizza on Carson! Drunk eats can't be beat, and the staff was really cool as well.
4	Finally a decent slice of pizza in Pittsburgh!  The pizza was tasty and the staff was amazing.  A fantastic experience, I'm sure to be back again and again!
5	I love Pizza Sola. Next to Pasqualino's in Penn Hills, it's one of my favorite pizza shops in the area. The slices are huge, the people are friendly, and the cost and variety is great. Really don't know what's not to like.
3	Some pretty decent pizza on a normal night, and a great "snack" after a night out in the Southside.As thin crust pizza is the ONLY kind of pizza worth eating (yes, I take flak for that), Pizza Sola offers some pretty decent options, from the typical plain and pepperoni to pizzas topped with lots of veggies and meats.  The slices are fairly generous in size as well, so one or two slices max can fill up the average stomach.I typically just order a slice from the counter, as the quality is consistent from one style of pizza to the next.  Tip: if you are leaving the bars at 2 AM and want a whole pie, just call them around 1:45 and place your order.  You don't have to wait in line then.
3	It's true that there is no such thing as bad pizza. So Pizza Sola is good pizza.
3	I was raised on pizza in NYC and, since I started visiting Pittsburgh have been looking for a reasonable facsimile.  I knew somewhere in the city there had to be a decent slice of pizza.  Had been to another well rated establishment, Mineo's, back in August and it was OK greasy pie.  Pizza Sola, however, is the closest thing to NY style pizza that I've had in the 'Burgh.  Went to the Pizza Sola in South Side today..ordered up a couple of slices and yes...it was very good.  Worth a return trip.
2	Its never a good sign that when you are drunk, and the food tastes bad.  If Patrick, H is correct and this is the best pizza in Pittsburgh, this is just plain sad.Greasy, slow and expensive. It filled the void, but that is all I'll enjoy.I agree with the old comedy bit that pizza is like sex and even bad pizza is still good.  Consider waking up, rolling over, seeing someone there and saying OH GOD WHAT DID I DO LAST NIGHT? Yep, that's Pizza Sola.
3	It was a beautiful late afternoon on Carson St and I'd had an adult libation or two or three.  I had an attack of the munchies and this place was calling me.I stopped in and was greeted by two friendly guys behind the counter and several good looking pies ready to buy by-the-slice.  First I tried the banana pepper and pepperoni variety.  It was ready quickly and was served piping hot.  The slice was big but I was a little surprised that the tab was just under $5.  It tasted just fine albeit a little greasy.  Next I tried the classic pepperoni and mushroom variety and once again it was just under $5, a little greasy and tasted fine.  I enjoyed sitting by the front window and people watching while I munched.I come from the Philly area and of course there is lots of seriously great pizza in South Philly.  These slices were fine but could not compare to those masterpieces of Italian delight in Philly.  I feel that $5 a slice to too high but I'll give them that they fill a need if you are cruising Carson Street.  I'm going for three stars.
4	Pizza sola is in perfect location. I like their pizza, only negative table was dirty!
4	Went here last night after driving home from the airport and not wanting to stop for Wendy's/McDonalds. When we got there I was a little worried. As it was late the selection was very sparse, but the guy behind the counter assured us that they had a fresh half pepperoni/half plain pie coming out of the oven. We ordered a plain to stay and a few slices of the pepperoni to go. The pizza was huge, hot, and delicious. I was so happy! I am reserving the 5th star for when I return and see what the selection is like earlier in the day and when they have to reheat a slice.
1	closed.
