5	When we moved from the West side of town to the East side, we were sad to leave our closest Blockbuster store, as the staff over there was great.This store has had some turnover of employees, but they keep managing to find people who are friendly and helpful.Jen has been there for more of our visits than other employees, and she is always happy and smiling when helping us or others. Even on Thanksgiving day, she had a smile on her face and joked around with us as we traded movies.We have been tempted to cut our Blockbuster account to save money, the staff is so friendly, it's tough to not want to go joke around and talk movies with them.It is very common for the staff to recommend products to customers that could save them money, if used often.
4	I've seen many Blockbuster Video stores close down, so I'm very thankful this one is still around!We usually visit here on the weekend, looking for either new releases or oldies we know aren't at Redbox. We are big fans of Netflix also, but some movies aren't streamed online, either. Don't get me wrong, sometimes we arrive and we don't get our first choice. But we love the option to come and see what's new to watch.Their employees are always friendly and give good recommendations and opinions on movies they've seen. I love that many non-new release movies are still 99 cents/day. Store has always been clean and many drinks/snacks to choose from by the checkout counter.We'll be back next weekend! :)
4	I feel bad for how Blockbuster got weeded out by NetFlix, Red Box, and all of the other quick ways to watch movies nowadays. I feel like back then, when VHS and DVDs were available-I still planned to come to Blockbuster every week to rent the newest movie and play the newest games.The best reason to come here now is to purchase their used movies and plan to not come back unless another sale is going on. I suggest coming here for their unique posters, toys, and certain movies that are harder to obtain. I was able to get 3 Blu Rays for $15... The blu rays are fairly new, and there is no reason to pay double the price, sometimes triple for the same movie in a new condition.
4	My kids dont have netflix in their rooms so i find it really convenient to come here & pick up a few flix for them for the weekend. If you pay $5 for the month you get unlimited family/kids movies! Score!
4	Don't visit Blockbuster that much anymore between redbox, netflix, hulu, etc...  but when I do go I can always count on the super friendly & cool staff.  In fact, that is one of the biggest reasons I do go back to this store at all.  Blockbuster - the company - seems to have lost it's way, but the staff at this store always makes a visit worthwhile.
