5	I cannot believe I had forgotten to review this place.  My husband and I made our first stop of wedding florist hunting here.  As we were driving up, I had very low expectations as it is in a fairly ghetto area of Gilbert and the small area it was located in was not looking promising with all the paint decorated windows.Inside the store, it is fairly tacky, but that is to be expected with all the silly gifts and balloons and what nots.  The true beauty of this place is definitely among the flowers.  All of their florals are extremely fresh and beautiful with bold vibrant colors everywhere.  I even caught a glimpse of my favorite flower (bird of paradise) inside their large refrigerated glass display case in the center.  Things were looking promising.Our appointment was with Elizabeth, a very friendly and attentive woman.  She brought out a few wedding books for us to flip through as we (me) described what the flowers should look like.  I wasn't finding anything I liked in the books, but I was able to piece a few pictures together to explain what I wanted.  I wanted a tropical arrangement in the middle of summer with birds of paradise as the focal points.  Elizabeth told me that what I wanted was pretty uncommon in terms of weddings and really difficult to do.  However, she said she couldn't be more excited to do my flowers.  She loves to do tropicals and she loves a challenge.  This was definitely the woman for the job.My mom picked up the flowers the day of the wedding and brought them home just as I was finishing getting ready.  When I saw them (beware this is corny) I nearly cried because they were so beautiful and they were even better than I could have dreamed.For about 500 dollars we got an incredibly large bouquet for me, a small bouquet for my maid of honor, a small bouquet to toss, a corsage for my gma, 4 boutonnieres for the men, and 10 beautiful centerpieces for the table.  I found that to be an unbeatable deal considering I picked one of the more expensive flowers, the difficulty in the arrangements, and the quality of service.  I cannot express how happy I was to have Elizabeth do my flowers.  I recommend her to anyone and everyone that needs flowers for any occasion.
5	I live in WA and wanted to send some flowers to my Grandma in a hospital in Mesa, AZ. I did the basic Google search and checked Yelp for reviews and decided to go with Lena's. Here's the link if you can't find it: http://www.lenasflowersandgifts.com/ I ordered the same bouquet that I had ordered in the past from a local Teleflora's ...you know..where the website has the same look and layout..but it's a local florist that delivers. (If you order flowers on-line a lot you know what I'm talking about) Anywho...it was the Teleflora's Be Happy Bouquet....yellow and white daisies/roses combo (mostly daisies) with a big yellow smiley face mug...I've seen this in person from a previous vender/order a few years ago..as mention above..and just thought it was sooo cute and bright and cheery..just what Grandma needed! So I placed the ordered...but I never printed the receipt..because I generally receive an email with the confirmation of the order along with the order number...heads up..you don't get one...not unless it went to my "junk" email and was deleted...so I wasn't sure if the order went through....hmmm Four days later I talk to mom and ask her..."did Grandma get her flowers I ordered?" Her response was yes and they are sooo beautiful...they are yellow and white daisy's...with peach roses. They actually should be yellow roses...but I did check the box allowing the florist to substitute flowers for what's in stock and mom said they look great. So I of course said "well I need to get online and leave them a good review". Mom mentioned a few times how great they looked....it had been four days..and they looked the same as they did when they were delivered! Way to go Lena's Florist!! You made Grandma, Mom & I happy!! P.S. Grandma's a tough cookie ;o) Thank you sooo much :o)
1	I was on vacation in Gilbert and wanted to leave a bouquet of flowers for our hosts.  I found Lena's via google and called them at 9:00am.  I asked to order a bouquet that i saw on their web site.  They told me it wouldn't be ready until 2:00pm.  I had to catch a flight at 12:50 so I told them that wouldn't work for me and even explained I had a flight at 12:50pm.  I asked if they had any bouquets already prepared in the cooler and they said yes.  I told them i would take one from there and said I would be on my way to pick it up.  They told me no problem to come on down.  I arrived at 9:45am and waited quite awhile as there were a number of people picking up prom corsages/wristlets.  They were completely disorganized and couldn't fin people's orders.  One was completely wrong so they had to redo it.  When they finally got to me 15 minutes later, the woman at the desk turned to the flower arranger and asked if she was done with my order.  The woman said no, it says "2:00pm" on the order sheet.    At this point I was already late to pick up my family so I told them to forget it and walked out.I realize they were busy with prom orders but they should have staffed the store accordingly.  I would advise people to order flowers elsewhere if they are in Gilbert AZ!
1	So I walked into Lena's about three weeks before Valentine's Day, so that I would be able to order something fantastic for a girl I'm crazy for --- the girl there was helpful and showed me pictures of a beautiful arrangement of roses and white lilies that I wanted.  I told them I was going to upgrade those by another $30 or so, and was so excited to pick them up the day before Valentine's Day.When I went to pick them up today, I was shocked: They did put long-stemmed roses, which I didn't order, but they had scraggly stargazer lilies, even though I had specifically instructed them not to get stargazer lilies.  One of the rose stems was broken in half, with the flower just hanging straight down ... some of the leaves were chewed by bug or all dirty ... and a number of the leaf stems were also broken in half.  I was completely underwhelmed.  I am usually not one to complain, but I told them I was hugely disappointed in the flowers --- one of the ladies there acted annoyed, and kept reminding me that this was definitely worth the money I spent.  I stuck to my guns, and, to their credit, they tried to spruce it up and replaced the stargazers with a few white lilies (only about half as many).  I ended up going through the arrangement once I was in my car, cleaning it up, breaking off the ruined stems, etc ... This may have been an anomaly, and they may normally do a fantastic job, but I will never use them again.
1	I will not be giving Lena's Flowers & Gifts many stars due to the horrible service I received. I live in California and wanted to send my mom flowers for valentines day, but she lives in Arizona. I searched around for a flower shop and found Lena's Flowers & Gifts. I placed my order over the phone and hoped they would get to her fresh and early on in the day. My mom did not receive her flowers so I called and cancelled my order and demanded my money back. At 8:30 at night the delivery guy from the flower shop brought my mom her flowers, but valentines day was already almost over. Lena's felt "so bad" that they said they would credit my money, write an apology AND bring my mom back her flowers. Those flowers never came back, and my money still hasn't either. What I wanted to be a surprise turned into my mom now having to put up with the stress as well! I am NOT happy!
5	When you have people come up to you during your wedding saying things like "The food at your wedding is so good... it's better than my wedding" you know you have an amazing caterer. Lena's Flowers and Catering did an absolutely fantastic job at our wedding! Working with the vendor was an absolute breeze. We were able to do a great tasting which helped us narrow down our selection ( sooooo many options!) and were extremely impressed with the chef and the professionalism. We opted to do a buffet to give everyone a taste of everything and we are so glad we did! People raved about the Prime Rib and Pork Tenderloin and they couldn't get enough of the sun dried tomato/garlic mashed potatoes! Everything was really delicious and prepared perfectly. Flowers were also fantastic! I utilized this vendor for my bouquet, my MoH's bouquet, and boutonnieres and corsages. I was so appreciative of the time they took during the consultation and also the fact that they didn't try to shove traditional bouquets down my throat. They really listened to my ideas and offered some amazing flower suggestions. When the bouquets arrived, I couldn't believe how pretty and unique they were! Totally a pleasure working with this vendor and would do it again in a heartbeat!
