3	For less than $9 a pop, if I were a homeless guy, I would maybe try and save up enough to eat here for the day. Not the best food by any means though.
3	It's really tough to rate this place.  It has decent food, but the cleanliness of the place has much to be desired.  You know the saying, "If you want to see how clean a restaurant is, go to their bathroom"?  Trust me, you don't want to go to their bathroom because you might not want to eat after that.  It's downright nasty.All that aside, I've been to this place a few times.  And I must say, the food isn't half bad.  I usually go during lunch.  Good news is that I haven't gotten sick yet.  It's kind of a mix of Chinese, Japanese, and even Thai food.  There's even a stir fry station where you can make your own raw ingredients and have one of their staff cook it for you.  They have a very big selection, around six hot stations with at least 6 dishes at each one.  They got pad thai, fried rice and noodles, teriyaki sirloin, egg rolls, soups, sweet sour chicken, and even lettuce cups you can make yourself.  Lots of stuff.  They even have a mock sushi station on the side with several different varieties.  I call it 'mock' because it's not quite like authentic sushi, more like the kind you find at Walmart.  They even have hand rolls on occasion.  It's not the greatest but I give them props for effort.  My favorite thing there is their Chinese Fried Chicken...oh yum....they got chicken wings and sometimes mini drums that they marinate in some garlic type sauce then fry to a crisp.  They are the best with some lemon and ketchup on the side, and even better if they are still steaming hot.  Their fried donuts are OK too if they are steaming hot.Their best value is lunch, it's around $8.95 per person.  Even lunch on Saturday is still weekday prices.  But be careful on Sunday, it goes up quite a bit for lunch...I think at least 5 bucks a person.  It used to be in the $7 range a year ago during lunchtime but I guess with inflation (or better quality food...ha ha) it's creeped up.  If it goes up any more, i don't think I could visit that often because it won't be worth the price.  If it was back to $6.95 for lunch like it used to be, I would have given it another star.
4	Tried many Chinese buffets in town and this one is the best of the dozen or so in Vegas. They do have pretty fresh ingredients. They do switch some of their lunch dishes out during dinner so you don't feel like your paying more for only lunch items. For dinner you get more of the seafood dishes like, shrimps, mussels, lobsters, crabs and fish.  Overall taste of all the dishes is consistent. We've been dining at this buffet from time and time again for the past two years and haven't been disappointed. They do have a good selection of dishes, with a decent sushi, fresh fruits, dessert and a Mongolian BBQ station. It's more of a locals buffet so don't expect it to be like a fancy buffet at one of the strip's hotel. The food is good and the price is reasonable, what more can you ask for.
4	over 150 items dailyincluding beef, shrimp, chicken, pork, mussels, fried dumplings, fried squid, bbq spareribs,vegetable, mei fun lo mein, fish, salad bar, fruit, appetizers, soup, dessert and morespecial dinner buffet items lobster, snow crab, new zealand green mussels, oysters, sushi, mongolian bbq, stir fried shrimp,fried scallop, cocktail shrimp and much more.probably the best seafood buffet in all of las vegas. everything is great & fresh. the service is a little slow. the chocolate fondue fountain was very cool & what an assortment of crab legs,frog legs,lobster,sushi & more. only $16.99 per person compared to 2x that anywhere near the strip or in a casino!! we will be back-often!!
3	i was a little turned off my last trip by the lurking buspersons, they eyeballed you every little bite and the signs posted everyhwhere that this is not an everyday buffet-you MUST eat what you take or you may have to pay MORE. seemedkinda petty & strange,were they counting my plates & how would they enforce such a thing -try to fet you to pay more after you eat or stop you after 3,4 or 5 plates & say "sir you must now pay per plate" The rangoons were freaking awesome i probably ate like 15-20 of them, the crab legs were hot, juicy and VERY meaty melted in your mouth. The wonton soup was good and sushi was fresh & tasty. Breaking the posted rules I continued to load up plate after plate so I could try everything the mussels the frog legs and everything else. Overall the food was pretty good, the ribs were really tough but the seafood was fresh and the DONUTS were hot and oh so yummy-I  ate like 6-7 of them.Well there was no wait to get in or be seated and the place was packed, refills were fast coming,plates were cleared fast , for the most part the food was good-i'm a rib guy and it was a little disappointing. The price was right under $30 for 2 people. We will return.
4	$8.95 for lunch?  Even on Saturday?!  Sign me up!  Even their dinner prices look fairly reasonable at $12.95!There are a ton of Asian type dishes, though most of them are Chinese-ish.  Although there is not a lot a meat present, there is enough to keep the carnivoures at bay.  The real key is that the vegetables are done fairly well, such as the asparagus and the brocolli.  One must be healthy when eating 4,000 calories in one sitting.  Eat the "sushi", but just remember... $8.95.  So don't get excited when you get a little tummy ache later.There is pretty much everything standard in an AYCE Chinese buffet such as dumplings, egg flower, hot and sour wonton soups, broccoli beef, kung pow, steamed / fried rice, chow mein, sushi (think fake crab roll and some tuna type rolls), salad bar, fruits (canned type), teriyaki chicken, korean bbq, Mongolian grill, chicken and mushroom... well you get the idea.  I am sure it rotates all the time.This place gets crowded since it is a recession and families need to eat.  Plus, it is a damn good deal!If you are not a picky eater, you don't mind eating in factory style restaurant and you are down to your last $12 (tax and tip, you cheap bastard!), this is your place.  You may not want to take a first date here... or go for your anniversary for that matter.
4	This particular Buffet Asia was very accommodating to our family reunion group of fifteen (kids included).  The fresh oysters on a half shell (available only on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays) were very enjoyable and had my full attention.  It was a popular menu item in our party, and the round table we sat in had a majestic mountain of oyster shells when the bill came.  So popular in fact, that I can't even remember what else I ate there!So if you like gulping raw oysters to your heart's (and stomach's) content, I would suggest trying this place out.  The oysters pay off the bill fairly quickly.
3	I found Buffet @ Asia (so hip with their "L33T Speak") to be merely okay.  Nothing exceptional, but a decent selection.A few observations I noticed while here:While they did have a fairly diverse sushi line-up, regardless of the fish on top, or the sauces added, there was always the following three things inside each roll regardless: Cucumber, avocado, and crab.  Usually not bad, but it honestly made up the contents of each roll.The hot and sour soup was not a great experience.  It was largely tasteless, other than there was a bit of hotness left tingling in your mouth.  I don't mind hot/spicy things, but when eating soup, I'd like for there to be a few other flavors involved other than "I don't taste anything, yet my lips are tingling".I also noticed that some fellow named "Bil" took great pride in writing and carving his name all over the men's bathroom, going as far as to carve his name into the toilet seat.  I wonder if "Bil" really thought it through when he would eventually claim ownership of the results of people's bathroom visitations, but if it somehow helps to build his personal empire in ways that I simply cannot comprehend, then more power to him.....I guess.The servers were good about removing plates, and the price isn't bad.  They have a Mongolian BBQ section, so big points for that, but I decided to attempt that for another visit.  For what it is, it's not bad, but the hot and sour soup is useless, and don't expect a lot of diversity in sushi choices there.UPDATE: As of July 2009, "Bil" has been removed from the bathroom walls!  His empire has crumbled, and undoubtedly, those oppressed by his iron rule have been set free.  For the rest of you, you can do your business in peace without fear of claimage by "Bil".  I can only hope that his short-lived rule found enough glory for the historic archives of bathroom kingdoms.(Sushi is still about the same).
4	I've eaten here a couple times in the last few weeks, for the price you get a real good selection. I'm going to go there again in a couple days.
3	Not too bad of a buffet. Completely agree with Guy C's comment on the hot and sour soup. it was neither hot nor it was sour. The spicy was from very very finely grounded black pepper and that's about it. Service is okay in regards to busing plates and refilling drinks. If you need extra forks or napkins it's faster go just grab them yourself. The food is good but after your first time everything's pretty much the same. Most likely will return but not for a few months
3	Buffet @ Asia is a place that has never peaked my interest until recently when a family member raved about their Sunday dinner.    Come Sunday, and you have three ravenous individuals who just came from biking outside in the 107 degree Vegas weather.  (Yeah, we're crazy.)We walked in around 5 pm, and there's already a line.  Straight to the register, $15.99/pp (adults) and we're seated at a table.  There's a Mongolian BBQ station - you pick your veggies and meat and they cook it up on this giant flat stove thing for you.  (We all skipped this, which might explain why we never saw the kalbi short ribs everyone else talked about. Damn.)Sushi - They have a bunch of random rolls with lots of sauce and stuff and some salmon sashimi.  That was something we all avoided as well.Seafood - green mussels, baked scallops (my friend wasn't sure if there was scallop in there b/c they mix it up with stuff and cover it up with sauce), jumbo hot shrimp (old), cooked cold shrimp (fresh, and not overly cooked - over by the salad bar section), oysters on the half shell (big ones - okay, a bit too 'milky' for me), lobster, salt and pepper crab (not the freshest), snow crab legs (we mostly ate this and a lot of it, with drawn butter), deep-fried frog legs (old), deep-fried calamari (okay), baked salmon, clams (pretty good), and I'm sure a few other things I overlooked.  (There was no crawfish though, unfortunately!)Cooked items - stir-fried strings beans (I ate a lot of this), mixed veggies with shrimp, beef and broccoli, fried rice, steamed rice, asparagus, potstickers (skin was old), crab ragoons, eggrolls, deep-fried chicken wings, etc.Soup - wonton soup, oxtail soup, egg drop soup.Dessert - fresh fruit and marshmallows for dipping into chocolate, egg custard tarts (blah), almond cookies, soft serve, almond jello with fruit cocktail, mango mousse, sesame balls, malasadas (would be better if they were hot), tapioca, and a few other things.Service is super attentive, especially in clearing plates.  They greet you right away with beverage orders and it's not to hard to wave them down for refills, extra napkins, shell crackers, etc.Overall, you really can't complain about the price.  We went on one of their more expensive nights and I think we had enough crab to definitely surpass our money's worth.  You have to wonder how they even turn a profit.  Some of the food is just blah, but at least you can have a taste and never get more.  And then there's a handful of things that will have you returning for more.  It works for picky eaters too.  Their menu seems to be changing all the time, so you never know what you're gonna get!  I've had better buffets (that cost more), and worse Asian ones too.  They obviously are doing something right because there's a lot of people dining here.
3	We went for Father's Day -- about $20/person. Lots of seafood, including grilled prawns, crab legs, and stir fried lobster tails, oysters, scallops, and even frog legs, OK sushi and nigiri, They also have your typical Asian fair -- deep fried, heavily sauced, w/ mayo, or sweet and sour, some kind of soybean, Mongolian stir fry... everything and anything... dessert was typical of an Asian style buffet. Dry cakes, self-serve froyo bar w/ various sugar toppings, and fresh fruit which included a chocolate fountain.    Servers were attentive, our drinks never ran empty... They accommodated our large party. (10+)It was good, you know, better than okay, just based on the different selections and variety. But ya... the eyes are always bigger than the stomach. So we overate, stuffed our faces, and stood by the "no waste or you pay" rule. That's pretty much it. But a fork in it -- it's BEEN overdone.
1	we used to come to this place a lot when we were still living in Vegas.  We were on vacation in Vegas recently and figured, "let's visit our old stomping restaurant."  We were greeted and paid first (new policy) I guess there were a lot of people that just gets up from their table and pretends to be using the restroom but actually leaving. Anyways, not a big deal...My hubby goes and gets some rice and what did he find in there? HAIR...he told one of the workers and the worker quickly took the pot and said thank you.  So, it's a good thing that she acknowledged.  Ok, so we thought it was over.  I go up to their fresh vegetable stir-fry area where the guy does it in front of you.  I picked my veggies (bean sprouts etc...) and shrimp and handed it to him...went and grabbed some of the food and headed back to him to pick up my stir-fried veggies and headed back to my table to enjoy this food.  I have been craving for this veggies all day...I'm about to dig in and what do I find? HAIR!!! AGAIN!!!  Is it booby trap day for us???  I took it to the guy and he said it's from the bean sprouts...I said no, it's not and I actually picked it up with my fork and showed him.  He didn't apologize but asks me if I wanted another one...I don't think so! After all this happened, we kind of lost our appetite but we paid $50 for our freaking dinner!  So we were just careful of what we were putting in our mouth, sigh...  While we were having dinner, my son had to go to restroom so hubby took him. While they were in there, one of the workers came in to use the restroom, he went pee, and blew his nose in his hands and just rinsed his finger tips off and left...that is freaking GROSS!!!!!  By this time we've had it...so we just left...Never ever coming back to this place again...
3	It's a toss up depending on if you ask me or my husband. I liked this buffet better than Little Dumplings (on Craig Rd); my husband is the opposite. But we both agree the food it not great but decent for an asian buffet.This buffet has a very nice selection of foods. The stations are nicely spaced apart and clean. There was a nice sushi selection; and nice selection of seafood (shrimp, salmon, frog legs, crab), a mongolian grill (you choose what you want and staff cooks it), the usual asian fare and soups, fresh fruit & chocolate for dipping, soft serve as well. The building is an older one and the decor is old. But you're not there to eat either so it doesn't really matter to me. This buffet does offer take-out but be warned- they weigh you container to make sure it's not over 2 lbs. No joke, I saw the scale by the register. Overall, it was something new but I don't know if we'd go here again unless we were in the area. I think we might try the other location though on Eastern... I've heard good things about that one.
4	Decent good Chinese buffet. Loved the lobster there. Although it is hard to get the good pieces of lobster as few folks were gabbing them as soon as they were out of kitchen. They had quite a few varieties of Asian dishes. But lobster topped everything. It was a different experience of eating buffet after trying out all the casino buffets. Yeha the restaurant environment is what you would expect if you visit a typical Asian buffet. But next time I visit LasVegas I would definitely stop by here for some lobster.
4	Where else can you go and have unlimited lobsters, crabs, freshly made sushi, oysters for $14.95? I think this place is one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. The Wynn buffet is awesome, but the price is way too high. Normally, my friends would dine there during lunch for a little over $8 bucks, drink included. But if you're really into sea food, go there for the weekend dinner, which has oysters, lobsters, crabs, etc... Base my past experiences, the best time to eat there would be on Saturday, because that's when everything is so fresh (I think older stuff would probably be gone after Friday dinner). And sunday, because it's a all day dinner buffet, you may experience stuff sitting out for too long and therefore won't taste as good. For all out of towners, you gotta try this. For peep in LV, try it once in a while, b/c eating too much of this stuff = high cholesterol and weight gain ..lol.
4	Vegas Trip 2:25PMGot a phone call from my peeps im suppose to meet up with and they decided to go to this asian bufffet located in rainbow blvd called BUFFET@ASIAN II. This place is pack no line but all the people are  sitting down waiting to be seated. minimum 15-20 people per family. DANG had to wait to get seated but my people was not in the rush to eat so we went outside and just bs for a while until the owner came out within 15 min letting us know that our table is ready party of 10 + 5 brats. big family big group sat down and we ordered our drinks thai ice tea here was great but do not ask for boba it is not good not fresh. and here we go again with a big buffet meal but this time i am ready for this fish crab lobster sushi i ate em all did not worry about getting sick nor worried about my high blood pressure.LOL. Everyone was loud talking yelling at each other just to get there point across but that's asian life nobody listening but yourself. RATED this place A- excellent food ambiance was great but the service and locale was not great. will i come back to this place HELL YES....
4	Lots of items to choose from - that's the reason to go here, and the food is good, too. The frog legs, if you're interested, are good (yes, they taste like chicken, but they're still good), and all the regular chinese food staples are here. Always crowded if you don't mind and the sign that refers to possibly being 86'd if you waste food is inappropriate and a turn-off, but a good fun place to burst at the seems as you fill up on tasty selections. Fair price; one of the better chinese buffets in the city.
1	no stars! place is disgusting. found a worm/catapillar in the kim chi. didnt give us a refund. gross. dont go there. for any of the food. it's so dirty. so dirty! so rude! so cheap! signs everywhere about extra charges.
3	I went to @ Asia buffet, for my favorite Xmas tradition Chinese food, and movies, the place was packed but the service was great, quick drinks and plenty of food coming out of the kitchen, one of the best Suchi lay outs i've seen in a buffet here in Vegas.
2	$6.99 per person for lunch buffet. So cheap, right?? Well, you get what you pay for. The Mongolian BBQ was pretty good, as well as the soups. Other stuff was just meh. A lot of greasiness.Probably won't be going here again, even though the restaurant was packed. I think I'll try a real Asian buffet next time.
1	I can't quite understand why so many people like Buffet at Asia. My wife and I tried the Rainbow location a year or so ago and it was absolutely revolting. The serving areas were messy, the food overly greasy and unappealing and it all just felt extremely cheap and low-end.Perhaps I am picky because I come from Australia where we can get amazing Chinese food (sort of like how in the US you can get great Mexican due to the proximity to Mexico). The fact that I don't eat fish or seafood of any kind didn't help either - The place was VERY heavy on the seafood.  Vegetarians won't he happy either, unless you are one of those fake "vegetarians" that thinks fish are vegetables.The final nail in the coffin for us about this place where the signs on the walls saying that due to wastage, if you left any food on your plate you would be CHARGED EXTRA FOR IT! I mean -really- part of the beauty of a buffet is that you get to OWN the food and decide what to eat. I don't want to have to clean up my plate for fear of trouble with the management. I'd be interested to know if this ludicrous policy is still in place, but I have no desire to ever eat here again and will never know.
2	I used to frequent this place but everytime I go I feel very sleepy.Could it be MSG? I have to admit that I like the salt and peper crab and their lobster (only during weekends).   I dread going back because of how I will feel afterwards.Food is greasy, messy serving, seating needs to be updated and overall cleanliness. The ventilation and exhaust is not great too...expect smelling like food thoughout the day (definitely not a place for a hot date).
2	I'm sorry but I've experienced better buffets for the same inexpensive price  elsewhere. My exboyfriend, his mom, and I came here for lunch and half way through our meal, the server came and informed us that if we're willing to pay 4 more bucks for dinner which came with more varieties of seafood. We pay and expect some great seafood action but it was not as good as we thought it would be.Overall, the food sucks and not because I'm a picky eater, it's just the fact that they can't cook things the way it's suppose to taste. Like the sweet and sour chicken, CMON...they really can't make it right? It's like the easiest thing to make to perfection. And I don't think they even wash the sea food properly because I keep tasting gritty sand in my mouth. (Eww.) Most of their choices there are fried, It's like they're trying to give someone a heart attack when they leave this place lol. Anyways, either they're trying to hide the non freshness of their food or they don't have better creative ways of new dishes.After leaving the buffet, I thought to myself that I will never EVER come back here ever again. I'll rather go all the way to the Eastern one.
3	At $6.99 for lunch + the optional $1.29 for soda + tax = $8.95, a lunch at Buffet @ Asia II should be on anyone's Vegas cheap eats list.  Is it gourmet? Definitely not.  But what you get for dining here is the great selection of items that are constantly being refilled by the staff.I braved the sushi selection, which is okay at best.  It has your typical inexpensive California rolls to those that are topped with broiled eel and eel sauce.  If you want AYCE sushi, I guess you can do it here on the cheaps or better yet, pony up another $13-15 for it at a AYCE sushi place around town.The Chinese food section is better. Although there are some items that I would suggest avoiding all together, such as the Salt & Pepper Shrimps (it can be messy to eat, and the quality of the shrimp or the way it was way overcooked makes it not worth the effort or the chance to waste the food).And here is a quick review of what I remembered eating.Mapo Tofu. Tofu is good, not spicy, and not the authentic version you would expect if you ordered this at a regular Chinese place.Beef & Broccoli: I liked it.Beef Tenderloin: Too tough, which means it was overcooked.Seafood Combo: The shrimps are cooked well and it is tasty, but the imitation crab meat is not good at all. My guess is the quality of the imitation crab meat used is on the cheap and low quality spectrum, which means it is made more with flour fillers than fish.Chicken entrees: I tried all of them and I think they are all pretty good for a buffet.  Except the chicken wings, which are fried too long, and pretty dried inside. The teriyaki Chicken is also okay at best.Vegetable Tempura: Not the refined version served at most Japanese restaurants, but I still enjoyed it.  The yam tempura is my favorite.  As it can get rather greasy, I suggests waiting for it to be refilled and grab the ones on the top.Wonton soup: Definitely have had better.Garlic String Beans: Good but greasy.Mongolian BBQ Station: I didn't try it.Dessert Donut: Not bad for fried dough tossed in sugar.Agar agar based desserts: Not bad.  Except all the plates are kept hot for the hot foods, that it warms up the desserts you place on it.You can also order boba drinks and customize it with the fruit smoothie flavors you want for an additional nominal charge.Service is good, definitely enough waitstaff to clear the tables quickly and offer to refill drinks frequently.Location: Conveniently at the corner of Rainbow and Sahara. Parking: There are plenty.Perverted Old Asian Men:  Must have came on a wrong day/time or seated in the wrong section, but I didn't see any.Take out: YesPrice:  Pretty low.  So perfect for those on a tight budget that can't cook at home.
4	For crab-lovers and shrimp-fanatics...this is your place.The thing with Chinese food...it's pretty much hit or miss.  There are so many versions of Chinese food...be it Cantonese or Mandarin, or what-have-you, that there is no set way a dish is supposed to be cooked.  What I love about buffets is you can try a little bit of everything.  A little bit of this, a little bit of that.  So, if you walk in here with a mind-set of tackling down their sweet-and-sour chicken or their wonton soup...be prepared for a big disappointment, becuase you're probably going to compare it the way another restaurant does it.I go to buffets to satisfy my seafood cravings.  I go for their weekday dinners because that's when all the good stuff comes out, without the extra charges of the weekend.  But for those who are allergic to seafood, or just choose not to eat it, I really wouldn't eat here because you're paying quite a lot just for meat.  But seafood fans...chow down!!!
4	Absolutely the BEST asian buffet I have ever had! It pretty much leaves Krazy Buffet in the dust. Everything was very clean and well organized. The staff was friendly and prompt with the drinks. The lunch price is $8.93, tax included. That is not bad for a buffet that includes seafood, fresh hot and cold sushi, and a custom stir fry bar.
4	OMG me and my daughter just ate here I paid 13.28 for both of us adults 6.99 kids 4 bucks and the food was delicious specifically the baked mussels and the sushi I'm coming here again I'm in shocked on how cheap it was and so good...
3	I met up here with a friend after work on Friday . It was just about dinner time so I paid to have the dinner buffet. The dinner buffet had more seafood but I ended up not getting any. I didn't feel like getting messy and plus there were no wipes so I didn't have much. I did have this seafood like cheesy mixture that they put on a seashell. I don't have any idea what it is but I like it! I also had their tender beef which was really good. I had their Calamari which was too rubbery and it definitely needed sauce in order for it to taste good. That was the only thing that I tried that I would stay away from. The chowmein and fried rice are decent especially with the chili sauce but I kept forgetting to put that on. They also have Lotus balls here which are my favorite! When eating here you have to remember to only get what you can eat or they charge you for the left overs.I remember one time I brought my husband here and he loaded up on their pizza but he said it tasted awful. He didn't know what to do because he didn't want to pay for their rotten pizza. He ended up putting it on our neighbors table who already left to avoid extra fees.  I was scared that they were going to charge me for the left over calamari on my plate but they didn't. If you need a cheap Asian food fix this would satisfy your needs because there is a lot of options.
2	Once upon a time it was really good, but the food seems too oily for me. I do really like the salt & pepper crab legs, but you must go there early to make sure they don't run out. Great price but you get full very fast....
4	So, my parents told me to go to this place when I visited back in August with a bunch of friends of mine.  Out of the six, only four went, including me.It was all the way past the Strip and into a very urban area that reminded me of my hometown.  The place stood out like a Outback Steakhouse around the corner of my house, so it was sort of easy to find.When we entered, the place greeted me with it Korean employees and promptly sat me down, which is a plus in my book.  The employee was a young guy, probably in his late 20's taking our order for drinks.  When he asked us all, I suddenly looked around and saw a bunch of alcoholic drinks, especially sakes and soju (korean version of alcohol, a sweeter version of vodka).  My friend and i ordered some drinks and we all sat up and went to get our food.  The buffet had a lot of different types of foods like korean bbq, sushi of all kinds (mostly typical ones like california rolls), a lot of seafood options like king crab legs and such, and a LOT of desserts too.My opinion is average (3 stars) for this restaurant.  Average food, but with many selections that anyone can like.  But, the option for the drinks are rare, especially in buffets.  That gave it another star.  This is a good place to go to when you're out in Vegas with a couple of friends.  The staff is good and the food is good.
3	We have a NEW Champion!!This place was recommended for its sushi by a bus driver that I have come to know and HE NAILED IT!! A good sign I was in the right place was the amount of local Asians eating there.After eating Cali Rolls for months on end and NOT eating any for 2 months or so, I was "Jonesing" for a fix and this place fixed me up good. They had a wide variety of rolls including spicy tuna, shrimp, eel, as well as rolls wt the orange fish eggs & various rolls wt spicy sauce. All were fresh and very good. The wasabi was kicking as well. Other stations offered your basic chinese fare such as brocoli & beef, whole fried shrimp, baked mussels wt cheese, Lo Mein, Fried Rice, sauted green beans, spring rolls etc.There was also a station wt a chef to cook items to order & Tempura broccoli, sweet potatoes etc. And the price was right = $7.56 total. The desert offerings seemed kind of pedestrian & I grabbed a little muffin of some sort to eat on my walk afterwards & it was pretty good.The location for me is kind of "off the beaten path" but well worth a return trip and #1 as far as all the buffets I have been to yet for the variety that included sushi.I highly recommend it for Lunch.
4	This place not to bad! Good food and has a mongolian style station! Which is always a plus in my book!
4	We were looking for a local buffet for our Chinese/Japanese/Seafood moods and this place totally fits the bill!  The selection and variety of food is great and the price is very reasonable!  Everything was tasty and fresh - what more could you ask for from a buffet?
3	Well let me say that I was suprised to see how busy this place was on a Monday night.  With an open mind I met some people there for an xmas party.  They were able to accomidate our party of 14 within 30 minutes.  As for the food, well, its basic Asian food done in a good way.  The mongolian BBQ station was nice and the seafood was in abundence for those who like it.  All this for 11.50 not bad.  This place was decent for a buffet.  One bad thing was that it was cramped where we were sitting. oh well all in .all it was a good choice
4	I'll be straight up.. the inside of the restaurant may look kinda ghetto, but the food here is bomb! And for the price.. hell yes. You've got your sushi bar, Chinese food, American food, seafood (the mussels and shrimp toast are sooo good), dessert bar, etc. Pretty typical Asian buffet. Always busy, especially on the weekends. I always come out with my stomach packed to capacity and ready for my food coma nap.
3	Well, if you want oyster, lobster for cheap price, this is definitely the place you should go. But If you want delicious sushi, you should go to the sushi bar instead (yes). The sushi is cold, not fresh. The deep fried sushi is really bad. In conclusion, I am not a fan of lobster, so I will not come back again. I 'd rather pay more for more delicious and fresh dishes.
1	Simply put, if you can't afford to eat at nice buffet and wish to enjoy crab, this is the place. Othewise skip this place since the crab tasted like mash potatos and all though they don't run out of food, the customers grab all they can get as soon as they bring the crab or lobster out.Food tasted like 2nd or 3rd day left overs and hate to say it. I tend to give great reviews to places that I enjoy and this is not one of them. My friend that took me there keep telling me that the food is great for the price and I was thinking well I guess if you are hungry enough, you can eat out of garbage cans and the cost would be great also.I would not return to this place to eat because I rather eat white rice by itself then the food they serve.Sorry for the bad review, I'm sure there are tons of people that enjoy the value but once you know what food supposed to taste like, it's hard to go back to this type of buffet.
3	My Mom loves this place and comes here at least once a month.  I, on the other hand, think it's just A-OK.  There's a nice selection of food, but it seems lacking to me.  Here's my +/- breakdown:+ Large selection of food.  There's plenty of options.  They even have Pizza, although I don't recommend it....it's an Asian Buffet for Pete's sake!+ Decent service.  This place is always busy and they usually keep up with the pace.  Food is generally kept stocked on the food lines and the servers keep the glasses full.+ Food quality is OK for a buffet.  It's not great, but hell it's AYCE.....this isn't the Bellagio Buffet.+ Price.  The price use to be really good, but they've been steadily increasing prices over the past couple of years.....but still, $6.99 for a lunch buffet?!  That's pretty cheap in my book.- Parking.  Parking is a bitch when it's busy.....it's not the restaurant's fault though and my Star Rating doesn't reflect this....just saying, FYI.Overall, it's pretty good value.  If you don't like waiting, I suggest going in between meal periods when it's slower than peak times.Return Factor - 75%
4	I have been here 2wice, and both times I enjoyed the food. I'm not a huge fan of the seating because its like a cafeteria type with the tables. Its like youre eating with other customers, kinda creepy.The sirloin pieces were super yummy as was the chow mein and sweet and sour pork! I also liked the doughnuts with vanilla ice cream! Super yum!The wait staff are young and nice, I will def come here again!
4	Another in my multi-part Las Vegas saga of reviews. Although not legendary by any means, this buffet is a perfect cost to quality ratio. The after tax, before tip cost for lunch is around $17.00 including a beverage. The excellent sushi, crab legs and other seafood measure up.Some exotic things you may find are crispy fried frog legs (tell your friend they're chicken wings), crispy fried squid (was a little over-cooked, but still tasty if you stick with tentacles) and a menagerie of shelled seafood prepared in a number of ways.To be fair, a lot of the items they offer are garbage, but they have just enough good items to allow you to satisfactorily bypass these items of questionable quality.Our server provided excellent service. Amusingly, although she had an otherwise thick accent, she could say "you're welcome" with absolutely no accent at all!For those wanting to avoid touristy buffets with inflated prices for the same quality, this is a great place to try.
4	Been twice-1 dinner,1 lunch. Unbeatable lunch price- I was really just going in for sushi, and barely ate that due to the vast selections. I ate things I don't identify/recognize. Dinner time I had fried, skin off frog legs, which exceeded my expectations. Loved the garlic clams and mayo mussels to no end!! Good soups (didn't try the oxtail; a little unusual for me, maybe next time.)Can't wait to go back. :)
3	I've only eaten at this place once.  The service leaned toward the rude side...  But they were extremely busy.  Packed with Spanish, and Eastern people.  Children were allowed to do what they wanted.  I was told that a lot of Asian people think it's impolite to disipline their children in public....?  Considering that it was loud, extremely crowded, the food was good.  I ate a lot and it was all pretty good.  I would have enjoyed the lunch more if it wasn't so cramped, some tables so close to others, you could eat off their plate.  I would go back if there was fewer people and try to relax and enjoy what was offered.  On a scale of 1-10 I'd rate this place as a 6.5 on food....a 4.5 on service...a 3.4 on ambiance and noise.
3	For what it is, Buffet at Asia is half-way decent.It's definitely not the greatest Asian buffet, or any buffet, but it gets the job done. There are a variety of "Asian" favorites, mainly Chinese. Ya know, sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, bbq pork, pot stickers, orange chicken, etc. Beyond the Chinese food there are a variety of other "Asian" foods like sushi and pad thai.But everybody goes in for the snow crab legs. I mean, market price for these bad boys is definitely at, if not more, than the cost of entry to B@A. Actually, any of the seafood [frog legs, crab legs, lobster tail, shrimp, fish, you name it, they probably have it] is pretty good.If soup's your game, they have a few types [wonton, egg drop, oxtail] that are worth a try.Desserts were a little transparent. Beyond ice cream [traditional chocolate, vanilla, mix], the desserts weren't too good. The fruit, which Asian restaurants are notorious for, were weak. I saw a couple melons, grapes, and berries...and they weren't that good.Service isn't anything to write on a postcard, but it got the job done. No small talk, no smiles, no anything. Just cleaning tables, refilling drinks, then goodbye.Overall, I think for the price [under $15 all day] B@A is worth it.
1	This place is just "okay". My dad loves this place.. Or used to love it. Honestly, the only reason why I go to this place is because of their shrimp and mussels. Oh! And their free refills of Thai Iced Tea. That's it. It's good. But everything else is.. Pure nasty-ness. Unless, of course, you're into the taste of shit.Anyway, I hate their servers here with a passion. Especially the hostess. The last and final time my family and I were there, we brought in fam members from New York. So in total there were around NINE of us. The hostess wanted us to fit in ONE booth. ONE freaking booth. How do you expect all nine of us to fit into ONE BOOTH!? When we kindly asked if we could have at least two, she rolled her eyes at us, gave us attitude and finally gave in after arguing with my dad. My dad, of course, went to go complain at the front. She started arguing with my dad and finally my dad gave in and yelled, "SHUT UP! I'M THE CUSTOMER AND YOU'RE NOT!" Dumb hoe finally shut her mouth. There are plenty of events like this in the past. I swear, I've never came across such rude and disrespectful people in my whole entire life. They're also pretty slow on refills. Just a FYI.
1	***WARNING***: Proceed at your own discretion. May suffer from PTSD after eating at this particular buffet.
2	Great variety, so so food. I didn't feel great after eating here. Filthy restaurant. The value is in the Mongolian stir fry. If you stick with that, you can't go wrong for the price.
4	I have been to this place, probably 4 times. I consider it four stars because of two things, the price and the product. The decor, and cleanliness can be a little bit better. First off the price was 8$ lunch, 13$ dinner. For what they offer, it is a steal, compared to other asian buffets.  My favorites are the beef tenderloin; juicy and soft. the mussels, baked with mayo and cheese, its like a heart attack waiting to happen, but its so goood. they have frog legs, and they are actually pretty good. wings are ok, but everyone seems to horde the crab leg station, i never do because I am allergic to it. Mostly typical buffet food, they do try to copy the PF Changs, lettuce wraps, and FAIL, i have no gripe about that, because it's not PF Changs, it's a buffet, i have no time to wrap lettuce..im there to EAT. anyways, the real steal of the buffet is, sushi. It's awesome, impressive even. Figure this, if you get an 8 pc roll at other places and they are all the same, it would cost you maybe 7-9$. well you pay 8$ lunch, but could get one piece of each. So it definitely is worth it, even if you just went for Sushi. All in all, this is a place you would take your family or a big group of people, everyone will leave satisfied.
1	I finally decided to try this place after passing it a billion times on the way home it was right down the street from me, it looked decent and the parking lot was always full so I said why not! Boy was that a big mistake! I went at lunch around 12:30 - 1 so you would think being a buffet the food would be fresh seeing that it was busy. Big time YUCKO! The food was dry and hard! I thought I was going to break a tooth eating their orange chicken! Then i tried their beef and broccoli thinking it would be better because it wasn't dry wrong again ewww so nasty, fried rice and crab rangoons were also disappointing! I would never eat here again! Please do not eat here unless your a fan of: *Nasty food that's dried up and taste like dog food *Dirty surroundings and eating next to strangers *Racing to the buffet against other customers just to get some food!
4	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. Although not a buffet on the Strip, this place is definitely one of the most crowded buffets I've been to in Vegas. It's very popular with the locals and visitors.They have plenty of food and it never runs out despite the continuous stream of folks coming here. The employees are continuosly filling up the trays and so there is always hot food served.A lot of the Asian buffets seem to always have the same types of food but Buffet at Asia goes beyond your typical Asian buffet food. They have so much more. There are all kinds of food. They have Thai food (pad thai), Chinese food (general chicken, brocolli beef, fried rice, chow mein, spicy chicken, egg flower soup, hot and sour soup, dumplings, egg rolls), Hawaiian food (oxtail soup), American food (french fries, crab, lobster tail, chicken wings), French food (frog legs) and all kinds of dessert (mango pudding with dates, coconut pudding, frozen yogurt, almond cookies, sesame balls, Chinese donuts, fruit cocktail, cream puffs). The crabs seemed to be the fan favorite for most. I noticed people's plates were piled with this.   For the soups, I really liked the wonton soup. The wontons inside were meaty and hearty. For the desserts, I was a fan of their Chinese donuts. They kept bringing these out and so they were always warm and soft. The mango pudding was very flavorful as well. I even was a fan of their frozen yogurt because it had a nice, fine texture and was not runny or milky.Aside from your typical soda drinks, Buffet at Asia also offers different kinds of drinks like fruit slushes with boba and ice coffee.Dinner at Buffet at Asia is $14.99. It's a great and yummy deal!
3	For the price, the food is decent. I was a bit skeptical about the sushi, but I had a couple of the rolls anyway, and they were good. While it's not the most aesthetically pleasing place, it serves its purpose, and the Chinese food is okay.
3	They now serve SPAM MUSUBI on their menu!  But not as good as the ones you find in the lil' Mom & Pop stores in Hawaii.
1	Negative stars for this place!!! This use to be one of mine and best friend's spot to eat. On one of our regular trips (we love the crab legs...) needless to say, the eyeball on my crab was still there looking at me and my friend found what looked to be a nose hair in her won ton soup. We both left in a hurry and made sure no one saw us because we still had full plates of food and were afraid to be charged extra. We proceeded to throw up in front of the restaurant. NEVER AGAIN. We are very sadden by the fact that one of our favorite spots is RUINED for us.
3	It is ok if your hungry. Problem I have is that the staff is rather rude. I don't know if it is a culture thing or just the way the staff is. I had dirt in my miso soup which curbed my eating for the day. I was glad to get something to eat as this is my families favorite spot in LV but I am going to watch what I eat next time.
1	I've been to this buffet for years, I pretty much grew up eating here. This place definitely deserves its 3 stars; however I just had the worst experience after years of eating here. I'm not entirely sure if the management has changed throughout the years, but whoever hired these waiters and the grill master must not have taken their applications seriously. My first bad experience happened the second I was seated. The waiter rolled his eyes at my party members for taking a little while on deciding what they wanted to drink. He was paying so little attention to us that he even got 2 out of 6 drinks wrong.Second, I remembered how much I used to love making my own Mongolian barbeque because of how friendly the old grill master used to be... however, not quite this time. I had to call him twice just to get his attention and he definitely ignored me both times because after the third time I asked him to make my order spicy, he told me to go and grab the sauce myself. Sorry grill master, but no tip for you this time.Lastly, the same waiter that made a fuss about getting my drinks was taking my plates away. This time, this guy manages to spill all the pot sticker sauce all over my table and on my girlfriend's seat while she was gone. The guy never apologized and just simply up and left our table in a mess.Needless to say I didn't tip these bastards one cent for their horrid service. I would've been better off getting my own drink and making my own barbeque. Like I said, this place probably deserves its 3 stars from years of eating here, but never again will I be visiting Buffet @ Asia.
3	I never really been a big fan of "Asian buffets", where all they serve is cheap sushi, chow mein, fried rice, dumplings, sweat and sour soup, and you get the idea....but this one was actually pretty decent compared to the other ones. Yes, I have to admit that the variety was a little lacking, but the taste wasn't bad at all.For the price, at around $8/per person for lunch, it really isnt a bad deal, except that price doesnt include drinks, so you would either have to just drink water, or pay an extra dollar or two for a soft drink. But for people who aren't a fan of soft drinks, or extra calories may I say, I thought it was good that they seperated the cost of food and drinks!Moving on to the food, although the sushi wasn't the best selection, and most of the of course weren't of raw fish, it was pretty decent. This is one of the Asian buffets that actually had sushi and soup that I wouldn't complain about, and most of the time, these are the two big failures at these type of buffets. Due to the cheap price tag, wait does take a while though. At arpund 2pm on a Saturday afternoon, the wait was nearly an hour. But if you aren't up for the wait, there's a beauitiful and thrifty, but also, unhealthy Mcdonals in the same plaza! Just throwing it out there.
5	BEST AISAN BUFFET for the cheap price! All the food choices you get plus desserts make this place worth going to! The staff not so friendly but who cares Im not eating them? Im eating the cheap food and all I can eat might I add! When I want a drink the staff has always managed to get it there either in a minute or two no worries I'm not going anywhere and if I need to fill my own glass the picther is right there ready to be poured!
4	Compared with other cheap Asian Buffet places, such as China Star, this place is way above average for its food quality and quantity.  I come mainly for the basic sushi rolls and nigiri, crab legs, and the cream cheese wontons.  Surprisingly, the sushi is not bad at all for buffet style, and they have most of your basic sushi rolls.  If you are needing a sushi fix for on the cheap, this is your place.  Just be aware that the sushi is nothing fancy, just your basic, standard rolls and nigiri (California Rolls and the like).  The crab legs are another reason I frequent Buffet @ Asia, but there have been a few times lately they have been very soft and bendy on the outside, and difficult to crack open.  And everyone knows that eating crab legs can be kind of a lengthy meal in itself, so prying the bendy legs open can be kind of frustrating.  Also, I have been there once for lunch right as they opened, and their cream cheese wontons were dried out and didn't have any cream cheese filling on the inside....like they reheated leftovers and left them way too long in the oven....disappointing because I looooove cream cheese wontons.They have your standard Asian buffet foods like Fried Rice, Orange Chicken, and Lo Mein, but they also have more unusual items like Frog Legs (which, I found out, do taste a lot like chicken....).    It is definitely worth going if you like Asian Buffet food.
3	Was a bit more pricier than I thought but they did have seafood.. Crab legs and shrimp as well as lobster claws which was too messy to eat. The food in general was okay.
4	I love their seafood delight. So yummy! Go around lunch time. The prices during dinner is outrageous. (15 bucks plus drink) It's about the same price as the casinos and less variety!
5	My favorite place to eat on Sundays after church.i always eat sushi,frog legs ,salads and all types of meats so can't say hows the rice and chow mein.Service is good,ure gonna have ur glass full at all times.lunch $7.99 plus $1.25 drink,dinner $11.99 on weekends little more.I would eat here everyday if I could
3	So, I'm not a big fan of buffets typically but my fella was talking non-stop about wanting an Asian buffet for weeks, so I finally gave in to make him happy. We brought my mom along for good measure. Upon entering, the restaurant was packed. I was definitely concerned and reluctant to go in if there was going to be a long wait. Luckily we walked right in and have no wait whatsoever. The service was ok, nothing exceptional but they refilled our drinks regularly and brought us napkins when we requested them. The food is just standard, as well. Definitely nothing exceptional, but pretty good for the very, very cheap price.I don't think I'll make this a regular place on my food rotation, but it's good to have this option on the cheap from time to time.
4	amyone that lives in vegas knows this is the best cheap asian buffet in town.
3	I went here on a Saturday around 12 for my daughter and niece First Communion; we made reservations for 15 people so we didn't wait to long. Lunch was about $9 something with soda, not bad at all! The food was okay not bad but if you go for dinner they do have crab. Since we went for lunch there was no crab but they do offer a good amount of seafood. They also have a variety of sushi which was okay not the best but at least you know they make it fresh. The service here is not the greatest because the servers are kind of rude and it takes a while to get a refill.
3	So I've been to this asian AYCE spot a few times and have been pretty satisfied with their selections.  The price is very affordable at about $7.79 for lunch, dinner is $11.99 Mon-Thur, $14.99 Fri-Sun, and drinks are $1.29.  The food selections include sushi rolls, fried frog legs, different types of chicken, cook to order stir fry (which I have yet to try), mussels, pad thai, fried rice, tenderloin with onions, pizza, soups, fruits, and a lot more. I would say dinner is the best time to go due to the various types of seafood that's offered.  Just make sure to hit up the lobster once you see it cause that goes quick.  Oh, I forgot to mention that if you don't feel like eating here you can take to go and pack your own food.  The price will be the same as dine in, though.  The customer service wasn't up to par.  They would forget some of our drinks and not refill them at times.  Other times we'd have to get their attention.  Otherwise, this place isn't too bad.
4	Asian buffets are a guilty pleasure of mine. Cheap, pretty tasty and all you can eat. It can't get much better than that. This place gets pretty busy and they still maintain pretty good service and keep the food stations clean.
3	Not really that great..
1	I just move here from San Francisco a month ago, so my wife and I usually find some buffet places to try since it's a rare in SF. Today we hit Buffet @ Asia, Yes you can blame me for being brave after reading all the one star reviews. lol To make this review short. I WILL NOT EVER LOOK AT THIS PLACE AGAIN, even when passing by.
3	Not the best Asian buffet in Las Vegas but a good place to start if you like a little bit of everything. They have a pretty good selection and variety of food. I enjoyed their sauteed crawfish (which were one of the most popular dishes on the buffet line) the best, but they also had items like crab legs and sushi which was a plus. If you aren't much of a seafood person then they also had plenty of other choices to choose from, BOTTOM LINE: CONS - Restaurant interior a little runned down and  food is only okay PROS - Good selection and cheap pricesOVERALL: Definitely should stop by if you are super hungry, craving Asian cuisine and don't want to break the bank.
2	This place is going down hill more and more.  Service has NEVER been good here, the food has always been fine but the quality of food is changing.  It has become more bland and the sushi selection although it's large, it's actually all the same thing (it just LOOKS different)  Believe it or not, Krazy Buffet just up the street is a little better and definitely better priced.  Yes this place is always packed (maybe too much) it's hard to get around the buffet lately, it's over crowded and the quality isn't the same. I think this may be my last time coming over here.
4	We came here on a sunday night before closing, 9pm. They discounted our meal bc after 9 the chefs stop cooking. 2 AYCE (14 each) + free Soda for 28 (usually $14.99+1.29) - Salmon, octopus and eel nigiri were there. fish pieces were fair size.- I love soups. their wanton soup, egg soup, and hot and sour soups were pretty good. still hot.- crab legs and lobster were a bit flavorless. shells were soft. expected for a $15 buffet.- must flavor own oysters! O___O- other items i ate: potstickers, cream cheese wantons, orange chicken, salt and pepper dungeness, shrimp and mushrooms, - desserts didn't look appetizing, but then again, i don't care much for them at an asian buffet. - i appreciate that they discounted our meal. kind service. gave us extra drinks and lots of napkins in advance.
1	You know those noobies that think the worst sushi joint in town is the best? In my opinion, this is what Buffet @ Asia is. This buffet is the opposite of "thee best." Unless you want to get food poisoning, I suggest you turn towards a different buffet. Sloppy and grimey is what I would describe everything about this place. Food, taste-wise is okay. Freshness? I have no idea. To end this review, make sure you use the restroom at home prior. A tornado looks like it destroys theirs. (women's restroom anyway). Plain & simple, I wouldn't go here for quality.
2	Went for dinner for the crab legs but they never replaced the crab legs the whole time we were there. The bin that was out was never touched by any patrons because they were over cooked, brown and just plain disgusting looking. The staff claimed to not know how to speak English when we and several other patrons asked for some new crab legs to be placed out. Then when we spoke to the manager and he flat out refused to replace the crab that had clearly been out for at least two and a half hours. Server had a sour look on her face as soon as we sat down like she didn't want us there. Bathrooms are disgusting and never clean!!! Sushi sits out for hours and Mongolian cook station never had anyone there to cook your food. This place used to be so good. It's really gone down hill.
3	Came here pretty hungry and ready to grub on some serious dishes and sushi! I think the only time I usually eat fried food is if it involves those sesame balls, crab ragoons, egg rolls and etc. I think the best part of this expericence was the coconut milk jello/pudding. Their sushi was okay, but then again, if you make tons of sushi in one setting to mass product it, eventually the rice and the ingredients won't be so fresh.
1	Very disappointed..mi know its a Chinese buffet so you shouldn't expect much of anything whether it be food quality or service, but  I guess I expected a little too much. The food was warm, crab legs were not fresh and very very skinny. I don't even know why they even  bother. Service was ok. But as we were leaving  there was a very upset customer complaining about a server and how rude she was. i left the place  still feeling very hungry. By te time I got home my stomach was hurting. I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	I can def say that this place is good the quality of food is 5x better than some other buffets I have been to.The best part of this buffet is they had CEVICHE, mmmmm... I love Ceviche.It was almost perfect, with the spice kick it had. I mean it was really good. The only thing it needed more of was shrimp. The place is clean I was so close to the bathroom that it was kind of uncomfy. Other thank the bathroom situation. They have a wide variety of Sea food. You know I tried at least one of everything just to get a feel for it. The servers are awesome. ps they serve Thai Tea
4	You get what you pay for. At 8 dollars for lunch, I don't really mind the oily fried food because, for the same price, you could get oily fried food from Mcdonalds or Panda. However the food here tastes much better than fast food. I tend to pick and choose the items i know are good, which are the Chinese donuts, string bean, crawfish, and fish. The fresh fruit looked standard as well. Every time i go to Buffet@Asia I am neither pleasantly surprises nor disappointed. I always get what I expect - greasy Chinese food, crowded dining areas, and quick but curt service.
4	Good variety, quality is good enough for the price, very busy at lunch... Seems to be the hot spot! Lunch is only $7.99 The value is there and better than some of these other lunch joints.. Wide variety of food from sushi to Mongolian BBQ (noodles), typical Chinese fare; orange chicken, spicy chicken, mongolian beef, potstickers, shrimp w/ veggies...and dessert too.
5	The best in Vegas! A buffet that in the evening has snow crab legs, dungeness, sushi, salad, dessert and a mongolian style grill service. They have a separate bar area and this place is always packed
4	The only place i would always go to in order to eat fried crabs.
3	I've been to a few Asian Buffet Restaurants since moving to Vegas. All of them seem to have one theme, that is average plain food served in large quantities.Its sad but this Buffet is no different with its food selection but I will say the Black Pepper Frog Legs are the best item on their Buffet and they are simply the best damn Frog Legs I've ever had!For those of you who love their Lobster dish: yes I tried their lobster dish and this Seafood lover wasn't overly impressed. It was messy and since you had to shell the lobster yourself you ended up with their slimy sauce all over your fingers and if you are a little bit clumsy like me it will fall off of your plate and land onto your shorts.  Also today's lobster tasted very strongly of fish (for those of you land locked Vegas locals your fish and seafood shouldn't smell strongly of stinky fish. If it does it indicates its not fresh and hours away from making you sick) today's lobster dish was stinky to say the least but I did brave a few bites. Thinking of my digestive health I thought it a wise choice to push the last few pieces aside.The Sushi seemed OK but was mostly rice. I guess it was what you'd expect at a buffet.Service at the door was a bit cold. We were there a good hour and a half before closing but the server seemed rushed and disinterested in making us feel welcome. In fact she walked us to a back room pointed at a table and only said sit there before walking away. We were the only new customers so she didn't need to rush back. A simple statement of your server will be right with you but feel free to help yourself would have been nice.The waitress was very attentive and cleared empty plates and filled sodas quickly. Almost made me forget how we were treated at the door.For $70 (dinner for three and a tip) I guess I was expecting a top notch experience they were unable to deliver. I'd go back to give them a 2nd try but tonight I left sorely disappointed.
4	Buffet at AsiaOverall 3.75 starsGold medal- Bang for the buckSilver medal - Chicken WingsBronze medal - Fried WontonsThis place is definately the bang for the buck!  How do you beat a AYCE place for $8 for lunch?  You can't.  I love fried!!  The fried chicken wings and the fried wontons are my favorite.They also carry oxtail soup at lunch.  At night they have oysters and frog legs.HAPPY BUFFETING!!
1	I don't know why they're always so busy, the food was horrible! They make you pay on the way in and then you're stuck! Do not recommend!
4	Yes, this is cheap buffet food but it's great for lunches and Friday night dinners. Why? For the selection of food for lunch, where else can the best bang for your buck? There is a great selection of sushi, beef, shrimp, frog legs, and ox tail soup. For me, that's all good enough for something under $10. As for Friday night dinner, there is lobster and crab legs and crawfish here. Now, the lobster is pretty good. The crab legs and crawfish is mediocore. This place is always packed and seats a lot of people. It has the main room and 3 other separate rooms. Why does it get such low reviews from some people, I'm not sure. Did you expect to pay under $10 and get Bellgio or Wynn buffet quality?
3	This is probably the cheapest buffet that you're going to find in Vegas. AYCE Asian cuisine- fried rice, orange chicken, sushi, crab legs, oh my! There is a large variety of different popular asian dishes. Some of it can be really greasy, but it can definitely hit the spot. I will mention that the buffet price does not include drinks, so if you want to quench your thirst with anything other than water, you will have to pay extra.I will commend this place on their fast service. I have eaten at this place on several occasions and my drink never stays empty for long, and they always clear dirty plates very quickly. Beware... this restaurant is pretty small. So if you have a large party (like groups of 8 or more), it might be difficult to find a table to sit together. And the space is really cramped... at times it feels like people are piled on top of each other. And on the weekends, sometimes the wait can be pretty long.
2	It's alright nothing great. Not much seafood. Pretty much the same as all the other Asian buffets in town.
2	The food was okay but after finding a bug crawling in my food, I told the waitress about it. I'd killed the bug in my food, but she asked to see the bug. Bugs usually have legs and crawl around, so I know it was a bug...like a fruit fly. I dug around in my plate, looking for the bug so she could see it. She said that its usually mussel hairs, and not a bug. I asked for the manager, but she said that she would need to see the bug first. About five minutes later, a bug crawled upon my table. I smushed it with the receipt, and then called the manager to me again. She looked at the bug, and said that it wasn't big enough to be a bug, and walked away. Apparently, you need to have roaches on the table in order to have sympathy from this place. With their careless attitude, I wouldn't be surprised if people ate food that was less than fresh. They make you pay before eating there, so as to have you money in their hand before you complain. I would stay away from this place, as it is not clean, and the manager could care less if there are bugs at your table or in your food. Even after complaining to her twice, she didn't care. STAY AWAY!
5	Buffet was great! Only around $9 and can get a drink for 95 cent. I had a Thai tea and it was really good. Now is not like gourmet food but is tasty and good enough for me. Had good variety of Chinese food, some sushi (I was little afraid of sashimi but reg sushi was good) frying station, ice cream machine with cone. Very good deal and def return.
4	As for me and my crew that ate here back in June - we all thoroughly enjoyed not only the food, but the service. Our glasses were never empty and they promptly removed used plates from the table. You know it has to be pretty darn good when over half the customers are Asians; and we were invited here by none other than... you guessed it - Asians!This is by far one of the best Asian buffets we have eaten at, and definitely better than any place we have found in S/W Riverside County. The place was clean and the employees were friendly.The food was fresh and the variety was fairly large. We all pigged out and not one of us came down with belly aches, let alone food poisoning. As for the sushi - they had a decent variety, even sliced up dragon rolls. All of it was fresh, plentiful and did not have TOO MUCH rice as some have intimated.Maybe we came on a good day, after reading some of the reviews below me (the one star review poster has nothing but one star reviews - hmmmm). But, when in Vegas this will be one of our must-go places to chow down, just like the 4 Kegs! If something changes my perspective I will make sure to update my review...
3	Great selection for the price, the lunch buffet had tons of Chinese food, sushi, fries and fried chicken. left there stuffed.  Dinner on Friday-Sunday includes a seafood buffet, but the price increases as well.
4	Out of all the Asian buffets I Love Buffet at Asia the best, they have good quality food that's fresh and delicious. Their food actually has flavor, not bland like most of your food at the buffets. Buffets usually go for quantity not quality but here at Buffet at Asia they go for quality and they have a pretty good selection of food too. My favorite thing about this restaurant is one of their selections they offer for their beverages, and that is that they have Thai Iced Tea. Everybody knows that this beverage usually goes for about $4-$5 dollars for a small glass and at Buffet at Asia it's unlimited, how great is that??? well it's great for people who enjoy this beverage.Anyways, I think this place is pretty good especially for being a buffet and an Asian one at that so give it a try next time your near one of their locations. BTW, I don't recommend going to the one at Flamingo near Maryland, IDK why but I just personally don't care for that location.
3	Lots of food choices, seafood is usually good. However, they seem to overlook a lot of things, making them hard and tough. The Seafood Toast is really good, and the Salt and Pepper Crab, but I avoid the Jslepeno Chicjen, I love hit food, but that chicks cray cray. Thru have Boba Tea and some coffee drinks, which I haven't tried yet, but look good. The cashier ALWAYS looks to see if you've added a tip, and gets a sour look. We tip after not before.
1	There is many selection of food from sushi to seafood, but they seem mediocre, but myComplain is that the service is terrible the staffs seems mean and rude and they ask u for the tip before you get to eat so when i tipped usually base on the service so I kinda felt cheated cuz service was terrible they are defiantly not a friendly staff and the decor is pretty out dated seems like they haven't fix the place since 1990s
4	My family really love coming to this restaurant, the food always great, the only hassle is waiting in line a lot of times.
3	People told me so much good things about this place, I thought I am going to walk into a food heaven. It is decent, 3 star is worthy of the place nothing more nothing less. We went for lunch. It comes to around 10 dollars per person including tax and drinks which is not too bad but don't expect anything that great. The iced tea was murky which was scary. Service was ok for a buffet. Sushi was decent, some had avocado and fish pieces which was a good surprise for a cheaper place. Desserts were pretty nasty. The food itself was very average. Had all the Chinese American food and some limited seafood. Everything was edible but nothing stood out
1	I afraid that the food is pretty good, but the smell in the back  dinner area is so unbearable that I became ill. I walked out with a headache and did not enjoy the experience.  I have cancel the lunch date with friend due to the unpleasant smell.
4	$12 buffet on a Thursday night.  It wasn't that packed, the service was great and parking was ample.  Food ranges from crawfish to pizza and Mongolian grill stir-fry to American/European style desserts.  Of course there's a lot of Chinese and Japanese dishes.I've definitely been to better buffets before, but for the price you can't beat Buffet Asia.  Love it.  Love it.
1	I went to Buffet at Asia on at 3:30pm dinner realize that dinner starts at 4:00pm, I only paid for lunch, the waitresses come to my table at least 8 times to see if I was eating any crab legs, however never offered me a refill on my drink...Poor service.
1	I have been to this buffet once a few years ago when I first moved to Vegas. I wasnt that impressed with their food. Considering its not hard to like Asian food. I havent been back since then. Today, my wife and I were so hungry, wanted something quick and didnt have to wait for the food. I wanted to give this place another shot considering theyre still in business. They must have gotten better. WRONG! Not only was their food disappointing, it was worse than I remember & the "other" room in the back right corner had this awful musty smell. It was like a combination of a porta potty & a senior home living. The whole experience was just horrible. I barely ate. Couldnt stand being in the place that long. If you have any thoughts of going here, dont even bother. There are better local buffets that will cost you the same but way better.
1	one word...GROSS!! We tried this buffet as it was highly recommended by a friend in Hawaii. I was not impressed at all. The food was displayed in a very unappetizing manner, and things seemed unsanitary. The food wasn't great either. You are better off at Panda Express. I left there feeling sick like I just had a meal in China. The workers don't all speak english, I asked someone what something was as not all the food was labeled. He looked at me and didn't utter a word and just shrugged his shoulders. Not good if you have food allergies, don't expect them to help you.
2	The food was mediocre. the selection was very limited. my husband thought it was good,is why I gave it 2 stars. The squid was rubbery. the egg drop soup was barely warm and had corn it. Yuck!!
4	I come here a lot with my mom and the food is delicious. However, I came on the 24th for lunch and the chicken was cold and burt at the bottom.
3	Plain and simple, if you're looking for top-tier Chinese food options, go to the Strip and head to the casino buffets.  If you just want to get stuffed for cheap, this is your spot!  It's relatively cheap, especially at lunch time.  Nothing here specifically stands out as it's more or less typical Chinese/Japanese fare.  The good thing is that because there's such high turnover of food, you're usually getting some pretty fresh vegetables.  There's also a Mongolian BBQ option if you want it, although it's pretty meh compared to a dedicated Mongolian BBQ place.  If you like Asian good and you're trying to eat way too much in one day to cover your meals for the entire day (like ME), then this is where to go!  Don't expect much more than that though.
5	Cheap cheap cheap!!! Less than $10/person for lunch. They have sushi and it's quite good so instead of KAYA or Sushimom which is like $20/person, this is much cheaper and still delicious. Chinese food is top. Tons of seafood and yummy deserts. Nothing bad to say. Satisfy numerous cravings at once!
5	Great and inexpensive seafood buffet!! The food is delicious!! They have a sushi and Mongolian section which are my favorite! For lunch with a drink, the price runs about $10, dinner is a couple $ more.
5	This place is one of the best food buffets in Las Vegas and the price is also amazing at 8.29 for lunch and 12.99 for dinner.
3	Decent enough buffet with the typical findings. Not a very large selections, or it doesn't feel like it has a large one. There's some more specialty items here like a larger sushi bar, fresh stirfry, sometimes tritip, and tempura. And there are the typical asian buffet fair.One star off for bad service--half the time the servers flounder. And the building layout sucks.Another star off for some of their food is just lacking, or seems a bit "watered down". I like to go here when I get tired of other asian buffets in the area. Try coming here as it opens as the food is fresher and sometimes there's dishes that are only laid out once. If you don't want to take the risk, try Krazy Buffet up the road.
3	This place has every Asian dish I can think of. Tried their Mongolian BBQ and ate way to much from the buffet!
2	Where do I start, I have heard so many good things about restaurant, especially this location.  I had told myself, before I bring my mom here, she considers herself Chinese Food Buffet Connoisseur so I had to scope it out. hmm...EPIC FAIL, not impressed, actually disappointed.I hate wasting money, and to me this was a waste of money.  Saturday, dinner time, it was packed in there, there was a 15min wait to be seated. It was just me and my 3yr old nephew, yet they called out and seated numbers that were after us. (They lose an entire STAR for that tacky sh!t right, a potential 4STAR rating is still achievable right? NO, HELLS NAH)We were finally seated, I promise it looked like a feeding frenzy in there.  I'm a sushi fan, it just looked very contaminated, people breathing over it, no please make my Sushi in front of me Thank You much.  This buffet over somewhat of a variety of dishes, but standard Chinese buffet fare.  You know the staples: orange chicken, beef broccoli, chow mien, egg drop soup, pizza, etc, etc.Empty tins w/ no food, granted it was busy in there and maybe they could not keep up with the demand but when they did food did come out it was enough for like 5 people.  Some dished were piping hot and others were luke warm.  I'll just comment on the items I DID eat:Orange Chicken: ok, I didn't eat this but I had to comment on this, Orange Chicken is my go to  item when I go to these type of buffet. Um, Orange Chicken is not suppose to be SOUPY.  I cannot make this up, it looked like orange chicken soup, NO BUENO.Chow Mien: hmm, greasy, no crunch to the veggiesBaked Mussel: it was ok, mussels were minced with some kind of cream cheese and melted cheddar cheese on topFried Butterfly Shrimp: can't go wrong with this, its boxed shrimp, yum yum good :-)Green Beans: greens beans are my fav, um yea they were greasy too and limp, no snapPeppered Chicken: that was decent, but the jalapenos took over my pallet so I had to pick around itCrab Ragoons and Egg Rolls: once again you cannot go wrong w/ fried foodsPot Stickers: dough was gummy, at the edges it was hard as if they had been sitting out for a long timePizza: this is my little dudes favorite, he can eat 3 regular slices...he ate 1 slice and picked at the other sliceSweet and Sour Chicken: no need for the sauce because the chicken was hard as HELL, another item  that had been sitting out way too long.  needles to say that was not consumedFriend Chicken Wings: I didn't eat them, but my kid enjoyed them.  I'll say it again,  you cannot go wrong w/ fried foodsthe SERVICE: BAD enough said (-2STARS for bad service)Overall, food was not even So-So, I've had better, HELL - we've ALL had better. $25.97 for $5.00 buffet food.  I'm so doneSo, we will not be back to this establishment, and I will take my mom "The Chinese Food Buffer Connoisseur" somewhere else.  I've had better, there IS better in the valley, but this is only my opinion, try it out for yourself and see how you like it.
3	I've been here about three times the past month, and I'm glad to say that they've stepped up their service. They're no longer rude - they're actually really nice here now! We asked to sit in a different place, and the hostess smiled and was okay with that. The servers take the plates off the table must faster, and they don't neglect you anymore! Yaaay to not be neglected!!! Food is still food. It's a Chinese buffet. You get what you pay for, and you can't really complain. This is NOT a luxury casino buffet, this is a buffet off the strip. So if you're expecting some gourmet Chinese food, this place is not for you! You'll have the usual mediocre sushi bar, the cream cheese wontons, cream cheese baked green mussels (YUM!), etc etc etc. I like the food here, so I don't have anything to complain about. I'm definitely coming back here! This place has gotten better, and my tummy (and family) has left happy each time!P.S. Refillable drinks (includ. Thai Tea) is 0.95 more! WORTH IT, in my opinion!
3	This is a great buffet! It's cheap and the food quality is great! It's not to far from the strip so that was awesome for me!
5	Look, this  was clean,  fast, good selection, food.  I love salt n pepper chicken wings, oysters, seafood veggie mix and tempura veggie. My coke was never out and three people for a little over thirty bucks at lunch time. I'll be back!
1	This place was horrible! For the size, the selection is small and the food is very bland.  Noodles were plain, orange chicken was just fried pieces of dried chicken in some brown goop. Very simplistic dishes that they somehow manage to mess up. The only thing worth eating were the pre made deserts that came out of a box. The establishment itself, it is very cluttered and disorganized. Sure it's $8 a person but you're going to get what you pay for, you're better off getting frozen Chinese for $4 from the grocery store. Drive the extra 5 min and just go to Chinatown. And to top all of that, the wait staff is just as bad. There was an elderly person that can't walk very fast in my party and before I could get out of the booth they had come to flip the table and bumped her out of the way just about knocking her over. That is  unacceptable!  I get you are trying to get people in and out like cattle but at the risk of your customers safety?!  If I could give negative stars I could.
2	So once every few years I think to myself "hey maybe I should go to a cheap Chinese buffet" and then more often than not I regret my decision. This time was no different. Despite the reviews on Yelp this place got Best of Las Vegas (at least if my memory serves me right) so we decided to try it. It was at a premium price, for this place, around $16 for the weekend seafood buffet. We went on Saturday night, no wait but extremely busy. Service was poor, I had to track someone down when I wanted a drink refill and in the middle of dinner they took my soy sauce away. I thought to fill it or exchange and bring it back, but no it was just gone.  They had less selection of Chinese food than I expected, maybe because there was more seafood. A lot of people were eating the snow crab, but that is just way too much work for me for so little reward, I am a king crab or nothing kind of girl unless it is already cracked open. They also had salt and pepper frog legs, which was different, although I didn't try it. The only thing that I liked was some sort of seafood medly on a shell with a baked on mayonnaise sauce. I recently saw a poster that bacon was the duct tape of food, and if that is so I think mayonnaise is like the glue - it helps quite a bit to repair food that would otherwise lack in flavor. They had a small sushi bar, and it was well meh - I guess I should be thankful there was any sushi, and there were a few different kinds - tako, salmon, tuna, eel, a number of norimaki rolls. The rolls were okay. Also, I tried the white fish but I wasn't sure what type of white fish it was, maybe Tilapia, but it really wasn't that good. They had salt and pepper squid, which again was okay.  So yes - overall I would say, some items were okay at best but I won't ever be coming back.
3	Haven't been here for a long time surprisingly the sushi isn't too bad. shrimp is crispy. Overall it's just ok , the crab legs are so skinny I think they were on a diet before the got cooker lol. The upside is they are pretty cheap if you are hungry for inexpensive food that is so so in my book.  I like Krazy Buffet better and their crab legs are much more plumped.Happy yelping xoxox
3	Like any other asian buffet, it's cheap to get in and you eat cheap food, basically. There's nothing special about this asian buffet. The best things I got to eat during lunch were the salt and pepper chicken wings, egg drop soup, and squid. They have this rule that if you come in and pay during lunch, you can only eat the food that's out for lunch. Once the time for dinner hits you can't eat the foods that are labeled "dinner only." That pretty munched suck. But being the "rebel" I am I went ahead and took frog legs out of the dinner portion. They were probably the best thing I ate at the buffet. Service was eh.
4	Buffet AsiaGood Chinese food. Decent price. Great selection. Better than most Asian buffets. About $9 for lunch, not including drinks. Prices for dinner differ on weekends. Your food will be hot and seasoned well. The sushi bar is just a decent alternative to Chinese food.  Nothing spectacular about the sushi. This place is always busy so food is constantly coming out. Teriyaki chicken, steamed gingered fish, and potstickers are my favorite. As for service, the employees seem to be working themselves to the bone, especially during lunch and dinner hours. Your dirty plates will be gone in the blink of an eye and your drinks won't go empty. Be selective with your plates and utensils as they are always a bit wet and dirty......
5	I took my youngest daughter here for dinner.  For the two of us was approximately $35.00 for all you can eat.  The selection was almost overwhelming, so much to choose from.  The food was fresh looking.  What was suppose to be hot was hot and what was suppose to be cold was cold.  The sushi rolls were beautiful and tasted soooo good!  The deserts were great too if you have enough room in your tummy to eat desert.  I highly recommend this place.  I feel it's a little pricey but you get a lot to choose from.
2	Good food but some of the food have so much oil but they have good service and yummy food
1	Worst experience ever! Food was dry and servers were rude! Too many people and not enough room . Their was no selection for food and everything was out! DONT COME HERE!!!! And I found a COCKROACH by the food! NEVER AGAIN!
1	The food is decent , don't come when they are about to serve dinner during there lunch hours they will force you to leave .  They could just let us know they will be serving dinner soon and ask if  we wanted to pay difference . But instead the woman working  Gives an attitude  telling me it's dinner now .Because  I grabbed the nigiri  sushi and it's not all that great the fish Isn't fresh . Never going that place ever again ! Worst customer service ever .
3	I gave it a 3 stars only because my husband frequents this place. If you want an AYCE place that has reasonable price, then this is your AYCE restaurant.Note: this place is often packed! Wait time especially on the weekends can be 20 minutes or more. Lunch will not include crabs. Lobster tails will only be included on the dinner weekend menu. Prices change during dinner and weekends will be more.Dinner (weekend) - My husband likes it because the price is reasonable for AYCE. He likes the snow crabs, and the salt and pepper dungeness crabs. He also likes the frog legs, buttered shrimp, Manila clams, oysters, oxtail soup, tomyun, and Mongolian barbecue. I find the food salty for my taste. I eat the lobster tails (you have to elbow your way to the lobster tail area or stand and wait for a new batch which comes in every 15 to 20 minutes) and sushi but secretly throw away the rice (and yes...I feel guilty thinking of the many hungry people but my stomach cannot tolerate too much rice). Their desserts consist of cheap cakes and pastry, jello, jell and cookies. Fruits are typical:  cantaloupe, grapes, watermelon and canned fruits.Staff is friendly and efficient. The place is very noisy...kids screaming and playing, plates clanking, adults laughing and talking loud, etc...
2	The past three times that I've been here, I leave with the worst stomach pains I've ever experienced and the past three times that I've been here, I ate basically the same food. My dad even got the stomach flu from eating here. I guess it's just bad luck on my dad and I's part.However, I give one star for the service which were always quick to refill drinks and ask if we needed anything. Another star for the readiness of the place for getting new trays of food in and getting the old ones out.
4	For most Angelinos, Las Vegas is a little like the playground that's just a few blocks away.  More and more the Las Vegas strip is going Asian.Besides the typical China Star Buffet located on the central strip, there are dozens of other oriental options to choose from in Vegas, on and off the strip. To reach the Chinese area travel west of the strip on the street called Spring Mountain, between Sahara and Flamingo. The banquet begins just a few blocks from the casinos. There are Chinese seafood restaurants, Dim Sum places, Malaysian, Vietnamese, Korean and even some full fledged Chinese grocery stores, up and down the street. But one of the things I always keep my open for when it comes to Las Vegas, are buffets. And my absolute favorite find was Buffet Asia, a ten minute drive west of Chinatown, just off Sahara on Pleasant Street.For three days we asked the local Chinese what the best place in town was and uniformly they recommended this place. I was skeptical at first, for one; because in my experience the best Chinese restaurants are never outside of the Chinese area, and two, the name was suspiciously non Chinese (the best places always have weird translations like ABC Seafood). But Buffet Asia was the real thing. The buffet set us back about $15 for adults and half that for kids on a Saturday night, this place was well worth it, starting with a well stocked sushi table, abundant in tuna, salmon, clam and eel sushi plus some very creative rolls. Following that are the soups (wonton, miso, hot & sour, and egg drop corn), not as good as made-to-order but for a buffet they were excellent. But don't fill up on those items because next comes the many traditional main dishes, like snow crab legs (both steamed and fried in garlic), orange chicken, sweet and sour shrimp, oysters, frogs legs, spicy green beans, Chinese vegetables in sauce and many more. My favorites were the clams in black bean, the soy sauce fish, and the lobster in supreme sauce. By the time I was done with all that I was stuffed, and I hadn't even gone to the Mongolian barbeque yet, which offered fresh (not frozen) meats and seafood including thick cut Korean style short ribs, squid steaks, and fresh shrimp. Tea, non-alcoholic drinks, and dessert are included in the price.So if you are tired of the same old food in Las Vegas and you don't want to break the pattern by breaking the bank at one of the name restaurants on the strip, then I recommend a trip into the interior to check out the local Chinese fare. It turned out to be a real treat for me.
3	TLDR: sodas/tea not free; to-go available; ample seating; no charge for leftoversThis Buffet @ Asia location reflects the hard work of employees in making this location safe for the public. Make no mistake: not all locations are the same. Be wary of the other ones!The service up front and table side is pleasant. You must pay prior to seating and no refunds are made once the transaction has completed. A gratuity is charged for parties over 8, but they check waters often enough and the waiters/servers never stop moving. The food is par and not over the top. There isn't a flavor that stands out and it's pretty standard. It's what you expect at any Asian buffet place. Panda's express makes this location seem sub-par, but I'm sure others might frown upon my opinion. Drinks are not free. They cost $0.95 which is not a bad deal, but maybe you might want it for the Chinese tea. The restaurant also has a sushi bar and soft serve machine. The rice is too vinegary, but that probably means it's safe at any temperature.
4	Great quality food for a $less than $10 dollar per person cover including drinks.I took my sister, nephew, and sister's boyfriend all for under $40.The sticky rice was great paired it with some bachali koora (Chinese Spinach) some vegetable potstickers, sweet n sour sauce over the rice, cream cheese won ton, and one piece of orange chicken for a taster.The lo mein was pretty great, steamed vegetables good amount of garlic and less seasoning, pork and beef skewers were great. The sushi wasn't the poorest quality I have ever had and wasn't fantastic but the fact that it's there for so cheap and in abundance at that is pretty kick butt.The fried octopus was a little chewy probably a result of being held to long in the chaffing dish. I didn't expect greatness from the octopus on a buffet line and should have steered clear but I was interested if they pulled it off.Dessert was nice I had an espresso cake.overall best food for the cost, like the Terminator: " "
5	Go on weekends. With all the great seafood selection and quality for the inexpensive price, defiantly a favorite! I absolutely love their lobster, raw oyster with lemon and Tabasco, seashell stuffing with cream, oxtail soup, salted crab which I would dip with vinegar & eel and raw salmon sushi are my favorites. My family have been coming here for years, defiantly a good buffet for your money worth.
4	For the money you can't beat this place.  Wide selection of seafood, sushi, vegetables, Asian cooked dishes and fruits.  Place is clean, efficient and service is attentive.  I like the steamed fish, kung pao squid, baked mussels, Chinese food and sushi.  Food is salty but tasty.  I go early to any buffet and look for dishes just prepared.  Go hungry.
5	I have been told to come here by several people and just haven't until today. Big mistake. We are so full, the food was good, the wait staff was the best in town and all for $45 for three people. We had Chinese food, seafood and sushi. Our waitress didn't let our drinks get halfway empty and removed empty plates fast. I wish I knew the young lady's name so I could mention her here. Great place I will be a regular now.
5	A restaurant review should encompass all aspects of of a dining experience. The three categories I will cover include food taste, service, and cost.  First of all, I tasted many items from sushi to warm food. The taste on many dishes range from very good to excellent.  Take into consideration this is a buffet, that is exceptional.  The squid was moist and well seasoned.  Salt and pepper shrimp was pretty good.  Sushi were above average.  With regards to service, the front counter lady was friendly.  Service was prompt.  They refilled my drink twice very promptly.  Overall very good service.  Your mileage may vary here but we were eating lunch at 11 so all was good.  Lastly, two adult lunch with drinks for less than $20.  Can't beat that as well.  Overall very very good experience.  Will definitely be back every time we come to Vegas
2	I have some serious reservations about the cleanliness of this place.  Clutter is everywhere, the buffets did not look like they're been recently wiped down. And our table was sticky.  The selection is not great.  The taste/quality of the food was good.  Service was fast and friendly.  I don't think I'd go back.
2	I went with a group of friends but they did not have a large  table for us so we were all separated into tables for 2 and some into table for 4.  We were all separated and did not get to chat/socialize at all (uh,uh, not bueno at all).  Yet, at the end of the meal, the waitress went around and passed out to each couple a mandatory 18% tip bill. When I asked the waitress why the 18% when they'd refused to sit us together, she said something about " but ju still a group".....whatever.My sister in law got really sick from the food and couldn't enjoy the strip.  She ended up going back home after the dinner instead.  She was having  stomach pain from the food.   :((I am giving 1 star for the variety of food and another star for the parking/convenience.
5	We just left here and I can barely move. It's a giant buffet with all the right things on it. Now understand that it is a massive quantity, high volume buffet, so the quality of the food isn't perfect but it is so very good that I am giving this buffer 5 stars.
4	This place is fantastic! The food selection is great - lots of things to choose from. The kitchen  staff keeps up with the demand very well; the food is always hot and the pans are always full of food. The service is superb - I usually post a lot about bad service but this buffet gets two thumbs up for service. The best thing about this staff is that they speak English - I don't have to point to things and shake my head here...they understand my needs and respond very well, which is a big plus for me. The price for a Sunday dinner is about $15/person....reasonably low priced for the excellent food and service. We will definitely be coming back!
3	I have been here a few times before and it is used primarily for a large food intake at a cheap price after a long hike. So that being said I am not expecting the best.Exterior: The building itself actually looks appealing and in good condition. There is a large parking lot so finding a space is usually not a problem. It's cross streets are Rainbow and Sahara, it is next to a diner which I will try soon.Interior: When you open the first set of double doors there are a few coin operated toy machines to get your last couple quarters due to the kids nagging. After the second set of double doors you are inside the restaurant, the counter to your left is where you pay and get taken to your table from. The dining area is large and has a couple separate rooms so you don't feel overcrowded. There are 6 food serving areas in the middle of the buffet containing various food items to choose from, there is a long service area containing fruit and desserts with an ice cream machine next to it, there is another long service area containing a good variety of sushi, and lastly there is a grill area for all of your Mongolian bbq to be prepared. I heard there is a bar but I have not seen it.Food: The food is average with nothing to get excited about but for less than $9 you really can't expect the best or complain. The various dishes in the middle of the buffet are usually hot and switched out regularly. The chow mein, chicken with jalapenos, cream cheese rangoon, and sushi is usually what I stick with. The sushi is actually decent for the price and has a lot of rolls to select. I got a spring roll yesterday and it was extremely greasy. I also got some of the butterfly fried shrimp and they were undercooked. Like I said the food is cheap and I will return when the wallet is light.Service: The service is actually good. I always get seated quickly considering I always want a booth. The staff never let your drinks go empty and are constantly refilling them. Your finished plates are picked up in a timely manner, sometimes you get a glance if you leave a mountain of food like I have a couple times due to not liking it, but they don't charge you for wasting food so that's ok. I give it 3 stars due to the butterfly fried shrimp being undercooked and for waiting for close to 5 mins for the Mongolian bbq cook to show up, he didn't so I ended up leaving a bowl of uncooked food there.
3	When you need an all-you-can-eat fix (AYCE F), this place will do it.  Easier than going to a hotel, it's a standalone building with fairly easy parking.  It's cheap, ahem, well-priced.  With Lunch $8.29 & Dinner $12.49 (drinks extra), a little goes a long way.Influenced by Japanese and Chinese cooking, it has all the goodies you can expect.  A plethora of a selection that includes Sushi, Mussels, Fried Dumplings, BBQ Spareribs, noodles, and salad bar for lunch.  Add to that for dinner: Snow Crab, New Zealand Green Mussels, cocktail shrimp, and a small Mongolian section - yum.Take it from me whose dined here 5-6 times over the years, it's A-Okay in my book.PS.  They even have pizza!
1	I'm not a picky diner typically, but this place is a huge disappointment.   The food gave both my boyfriend and I a really bad stomach ache.   The decor is old and doesn't look sanitary.  Their isn't a huge selection of food and I found the items I picked to be under seasoned and very oily. The service was good, fast and it's very cheap to eat for an AYCE, but based on taste and ambiance I wouldn't recommend this place for anyone
1	Just ate here. The location in Henderson isn't bad, but this one is terrible! Big fat people will mow you down to get at the food! The food is cooked hours earlier. It is overcooked and dry. Everything tastes horrible! The restaurant is outdated. The restaurant is dirty and had piles of dirty plates etc, sitting in bins, from bussed tables. The restrooms have no soap or paper towels in the dispensers! They are dirty and some of the toilets are clogged! I will never eat at a Buffet Asia again! Yuck!
1	Eat here at your own risk.  This place is horrible!  We went around 12pm, which must be the start of their lunch rush because they were very busy. But we were sat at a table immediately.  It was approximately $9/person - without drinks.  There ends the good news.  The food is tasteless and it wasn't fresh. The employees are very rude.  And it is extremely loud in there (maybe because of the tile floors). A few hours after eating there, both me and my friend were experiencing stomach discomfort.  I will never eat here again.
3	My mother at times craves a buffet setting and this her go-to place since it's so close to home.But I regret the visit every time. Privately owned Asian buffets in general have only one positive note, their low price. Other than that, the food is subpar and don't be surprised if you get sick afterwards. If you need a cheap and easy buffet fix then eat here at your own risk.
4	If you take it for what it is, it's a great place to fill up and it won't break the bank!We go here at least a dozen times a year. There is a pretty nice selection of food from your typical asian starches to the flavorful meats. My favorite is the beef tenderloins, the oxtail soup, the sauteed shrimp with snow peas, and their ginger lobster. Everything else is pretty decent too. The sushi isn't terrible, but it should definitely NOT be the main focus of your meal.They have a pretty nice Mongolian station too, they stir fry up fresh veggies, meats, and aromatics into one plate. Get it with extra garlic and spicy!Service is fast and wonderful, which is VERY refreshing for your typical Asian buffet. The refills are ALWAYS fast, and they actually smile and respond when you thank them. I will continue to dine here with family and friends because it's a great spot to hang out for delicious food. PS: The have a full bar as well. ;)
4	Really excellent food for its price.....Recommend if you are not caring too much on the environment.
3	Decent-enough buffet: lots of seafood and traditional Asian dishes here, though the salads and dessert sections are minimal. A few fried and Americanized options available, making this place a bit more kid-friendly than you might expect.Found it odd that this place also has a full bar? Sushi roll offerings at dinnertime are extensive: several special rolls, though they are not labeled, so be prepared to try a lot or be able to identify the types of fish you do/don't like. Some nigiri available, too.Lots of crab, preference was for the salt and pepper fried Jonah crab claws rather than the typical Alaskan. $13/person weeknight dinner is not outrageous, and you can easily get your money's worth here, but this place isn't likely to blow your mind. Service is also what you'd expect for an Asian buffet, no surprises there.
1	I been here before an the service was great we when again last night an the service was Terrible the waitress was really rude ask for the receipt in a berry Rude way the bathroom was not in a good condition extreme dirty. They need to get better waitress with better attitude an friendly.
3	One of the better chinese buffets. Came to try it out probably wont go back again. Food was mediocre. Service was decent.
1	Don't ever order catering because you will get ripped off!  Or make sure to check your order before you pay.  I ordered one full tray and a half tray during Xmas eve.  Staff helped me load them in my car, upon loading them, I noticed that the trays were the same size and insisted the lady that I ordered one full tray and the other one a half tray.  The lady then was getting impatient and said they use the same trays for a full order or a half tray.  The half tray will just be half of that tray.  So I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  Went home and found out I overpaid.  2 half trays instead of 1 full $35.  The food was just ok.  This is a shady business practice.  Shame on this restaurant.  I should've opened the trays before paying.  I won't be trusting Chinese restaurants anymore.
2	My family decided to come here half an hour before closing. They told us that because it was so late, there wasn't going to be any more food being brought out, which seems reasonable. It was nice that they gave us the option to go inside and look at what foods they had left before deciding if we'd like to pay. My family was starving so ended up staying despite the lackluster food.There really was nothing great about this place. I've definitely been to a lot nicer and better buffets. I got about two plates and decided I didn't want to put any more salty and greasy foods in my body.Before people were even finish eating they had already started cleaning. I guess that goods to know... but it was kind of rude considering everyone was still getting food.The experience was meh.
5	Well to begin this review, I only paid $3 to eat at the buffet due to careless staff. The food itself is not very good, most of it just being fried or completely flavorless, however the soft serve ice cream is extremely delicious I got my money's worth.
