4	My friends and I went to this restaurant for the first time and found it to be very good.  One of us had pizza, 2 that had whole wheat linguine pasta with marinara sauce and 1 had broccoli cheese soup and a half turkey sandwich.  All was very good tasting, and hot when delivered.  The service was very good, friendly wait staff.  We would recommend this place for casual dining and we will return! Lunch prices were very reasonable.
4	This place is a random find. My husband noticed it when we were getting our taxes done next door. I'm a fan of new york style pizza, though I've never been to new york. I'm Italian so I say the taste for it is in my DNA. He's from Chicago, enough said. Besides that though, we both love good food and can usually appreciate the other's tastes. Pizza is one of our biggest compromises. He really does come over to the dark side quite often, and tonight was no exception. We went for a 14" thin crust with pep, salami, ham and feta all over, with Kalamata olives on half. We were given complimentary garlic rolls and ordered cheesy garlic toast. I was actually impressed. It was a great blend of flavors and was well cooked through and through. Our pizza was tasty and crisp, though not the best I've ever had. It definitely is up at the top though and being so close with a delivery option, it earns the extra star.Service tonight was exceptional. This is what set this place apart for me. I have places I like the taste of better, but will come here for the service. The waiter was the only one on duty for the whole place, and there were about 10 tables of 2 or more. Our glasses were never below 1/2 way before he refilled them. He had a welcoming and friendly attitude. All in all, a great experience. We look forward to trying their sandwiches and soups, but maybe not all the appetizers, as their pics on the website aren't excessively appetizing.
4	Food was good staff friendly. Price is reasonable.  Good place for a good meal only issue wait staff was a Tad slow wanted check an when I got had to wait awhile for them to take it.
4	Been eating here off and on when I am on leave and visiting the family!Their pizza and pasta is great! The service and staff are great also!! Anything you order off the menu you cannot go wrong!
4	Streets of New York has really good food! My fiance and I love everything from the appetizers to the desserts.I think the service could use a little improvement though. The staff is friendly, but could check in on the tables a little more. It was hard to track down our waiter to get a refill even though it wasn't very busy on the last two occasions we visited.
5	My wife and I have been to this place twice now and the pizza and the service were excellent both times!  We have gotten the pesto and veggies pizza and added chicken breast and artichokes. The waiter was the same both times and was excellent...
4	The delivery is fast. The food is delicious. The wings need to be deep fried. DO NOT order wings without specifying that they be fried. Trust me. The owner is diligent about customer satisfaction.
3	It's streets of New York. It's good, not bad,  not great.  Does this help? Lol
5	My husband's grandfather has a very set routine. He goes to Streets of New York every Thursday for lunch without exception. So during our weeklong stay with him over the Christmas holiday, we got the chance to tag along (and then loved it so much we decided to go back again on Friday!)The service was excellent and food consistently good. One of the best cobb salads I've ever had and the wings were delicious.As I've never been to any of the other locations I can't vouch for this one being any better than the rest, but I will say it was really great in its own right.
4	Not exactly a NY slice...Pizza tastes great, all herbs and spices are there, its a solid slice, especially in the area where good pizza is hard to come by.Im from the tri state so I would like to think my opinion is a valued one.Only clear dislike is the crust on the bottom of the pie is quite soft.
2	I ordered lasagna, dinner salad and soup.  The Italian wedding soup tasted just like Italian dressing.  It used to be so good. I was so disappointed in it that I saved it for a week to get a refund since I only took two bites but never found the time to take it in and deal with the manager I spoke to that seemed hesitant to provide a refund vs. a replacement product. All the herby delicious flavor was gone and sweet, sweet, sweet took over. Don't they know not to mess with a good thing. Either they changed the recipe or they have a lazy cook.The lasagna was good but also really sweet. The portion for the price was disappointing. For that much money, I will just make a pan at home and freeze some portions.  The dinner salad was fantastic. Full of yummy, crispy veggies. If the lettuce had been drained and the dressing didn't come out of a bottle with so much sugar it could gag you, I would get that salad twice a week. I won't be returning for anything BUT the salad, and only if I have my own dressing.Bummer update.
4	Ordered the Diamondback triple pizza, which was delicious. However, the awesome service was the thing that really stood out. Our server (Brandon) had a ton of tables, but somehow managed to provide better service than I've seen in a long time.
