5	I can't believe nobody else has reviewed this place!  It is THE place to go for import and craft beers.  They have an awesome selection and the prices are always fair.  The best thing is you can mix and match your own six packs.
5	Can you say "everclear 195 proof"?
4	this is place is conveniently located right off university and easy and fast to get in and out of.they aren't open past midnight, even on weekends, so don't waste precious beer o'clock hour trying to snap up booze here.the staff is super friendly and will remember your face usually after a just a few semi-consecutive visits. for Christmas, i wanted to get a nice bottle for a whiskey connoisseur friend and the guy suggested some bottles just after watching me stare at some and read the labels. it was on special and in a different part of the store so i ended up saving money on something i wouldn't have seen otherwise, very nice.the wine selection is extensive too, though a little more than say the grocery store. they also carry most juices, energy drinks and even water for the next day...oh, and some snacks.
4	Tops surprised me. I was expecting a liquor store right next to campus to be full of just the basic necessities. Instead, I found isles and isles of import and microbrews as well as almost every variety and make of liquor. The wine section is quite sizable too. I love how they stock many beers--even the rare ones--in both the freezer and at room temperature so you can decide how you will enjoy it. My friends and I love to go in and get a variety of different brews. I've had mixed results with the staff. Some have been very nice and helpful. Some have been dismissive, unknowledgable, and even upset regarding my beer questions. My question is: why would you hire people that think rare beers are for snobs at a store that specializes in rare beers?
4	Seriously ... this is the best liquor store I've ever been to in the Valley ... they have a HUGE selection of kegs ... as well as just about everything else!
4	Top's has the largest array of spirits that I've ever seen in a liquor store. It's like the Disneyland of liquor stores. You'll find everything from the hard-to-find Agwa (an herbal liqueur) to 30 kinds of vodka and tequila.  And their beer selection is crazy! The staff is extremely knowledgable about the products they carry and will be able to help you find whatever you need.
5	Ode to Top's LiquorTo look upon your well stocked shelves I smile,You let me mix n' match my heart's desire.Though sober now check back after awhile,As bombers, pints and fifths sure spark a fire.This social lube you offer is smooth n' cheap,From Champagne, Brewski, Liquor to Wine.Clever, friendly staff if asked for help will leap,And serve impending hangovers of mine.They also stock cigarettes and drunk treats,True boozehounds know selection can't be beat!Amateur poetry hour has now ended. To be returned to your regularly scheduled Yelp reviews, just scroll down.
5	Possibly the best liquor store in Tempe. It's where all the keg parties get their booze. College students (possibly underaged). Vagrants.  Kids like me that live across the street. They have a great selection of everything. It's like a boozing paradise.
5	For the international beer connoisseur, this is Mecca.  You can even find some European gems sold by the bottle!  Definitely Tempe's finest booze vendor.
4	If Top's Liquor were a friend of mine, he'd have a serious Identity Crisis with Attention Deficient Disorder. All the more reason to adore him, right? After all, he'd be the life of the party! When you walk into Tops, you see what can only be described as Sensory Overload. From boxes and boxes aligning the walls and stacked at the ends of the aisles to hanging paraphernalia, it's no wonder you get side-tracked so easily. What did I come here for?Oh, right. Beer! Having heard Top's sells Aquavit, a hard-to-come-by Swedish liquor, I had a feeling Top's would also carry some of my fave beer. Sure enough, although I'm sad to report they didn't have everything I was looking for. Where are you Hazelnut Brown? Where have you gone? Apparently at Top's, you can pick and choose the beers you buy, for many of the 6-packs were half-full (or half-empty, if you're a pessimist). This intrigued and irked me, for I didn't want to BYO6P (Build Your Own 6 Pack) if I came with one thing in mind: 6 bottles of delicious Breckenridge, Rogue or other brewed delights. Then again, if I can hand-select my 6-pack, that's cool, too. (I just wasn't sure I could, and I was too shy to try.) So I went with 3 bottles of beer: two Rogue I've never tried (American Amber and Moto Black) and one nut brown from Full Sail, an Oregon brewery.The selection here is great! They even had a newly discovered Sundog Amber Wheat, as well as a new ale from Breckenridge I've never seen anywhere else. There's also plenty of Alaskan and many, many, many other breweries present - on the shelf or in the fridge. They even sell Peroni! (Haven't found that anywhere else.)I wondered toward the East wall, passing by Belgian Ales and others that intrigued me. I've never seen anything like it. Top's has the biggest selection of corked beer I've ever seen.  I tossed a glance at the Wine selection and decided to come another time when I was in the mood for vino. Upon checkout, I asked if they carried Rogue's Hazelnut Brown. The guy behind the counter went to look, grabbing a couple stacks of boxes and peering behind them at a whole 'nother stack of boxes. Guess they didn't have it, though he said they usually do. Hrm. For 3 big bottles of beer, I paid a little over $15. Each beer was about $5, which is a great price! I will DEFINITELY be back!(Top's would've gotten a 5-star from me, IF they had had Rogue's Hazelnut Brown waiting for me. Shame on them...)JUNE '08 UPDATE:So, Top's does carry the Hazelnut Brown. Yet, just as I have fallen in love with another Rogue beer - the black Moto Soba ale - I am having no luck finding it here, even though this is where I first bought it. Alas, I will resort to mixing-and-matching my 6-packs to explore other brews, like Full Sail and Lost Coast.
5	The best beer selection in the area! Also where I get my CO2 tank filled.
5	Top's is amazing.  I love going there.  Their beer selection is fantastic and the customer service is awesome.  You don't feel like you're at a store.  You feel like your friend just so happens to own a liquor store.  You will get no scornful looks from cashiers for coming in already drunk.One time I popped in and some salesman was there, wearing a Russian Commandant uniform, trying to sell Kalashnikov vodka.  "He made AK-47's and vodka, too!"  What a guy.  I didn't buy any.  The way I see it, Top's, if you're gonna have a salesman in your place, that was the guy to have.  I was pleasantly weirded out.I vouch for Top's.  It's a great little liquor store.
5	What can I say... Tops has the location and the selection.  Whether you want to drink cheap on naty ice light and boone's farm, or get all snooty with some Belgium beers, fine wine, or high end spirits, Tops has got your back.  The dudes that work there are cool and now their stuff.  They know the stock, where it's at, and can give a good suggestion to an overwhelmed prospective buyer... the amount of booze in this place pretty much stops everyone in their tracks the first time they roll in.  Top's pricing competes with circle K's and supermarkets as well.
5	I might still be a virgin if it weren't for alcohol. Thank god I discovered it early, before all my pesky "standards" kicked in. No, I didn't get my first drink from Top's. Or even my thousandth drink. But I do like to think that if I had, I could have had those standards and still gotten some play at the same time. Why? Because Top's has everything, from the finest of Belgian beers and pinot noirs designed to lure me in to the loveliest bourbons perfect for letting my guard down to the lowest-of-the-low canned beers for when I've just plain given up and taken off my pants. If Top's were a burnout from a dive bar and I were still 19, I would sooooo take him home. Only this time, I would cook him breakfast and let him stay awhile.
5	I've died and gone to booze infested heaven.  That's how I felt the first time I walked into Tops.  And trust me, you'll feel the same way.  Tops has so many beers, from your tubing down the river favorites like bud light and busch to your cinco de mayo favorites like corona and pacifico.  They have your "i'm an irish for the day" favorits like guinness and smithwicks to your "let's watch football (aka soccer)" favorites like boddingtons and kronenburg.  From A to Z this place has it all.  The best part is that you're not limited to a six pack of your favorite beer.  You can mix and match beers to make your own variety six pack.  I think good ol' Ben Franklin said it best " Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy."  and Tops is the place that makes us happy.
5	Top's really is what it says.  The beer selection really is unrivaled, period.  The staff is a little odd, but are very knowledgable and reliable.  The prices are hit or miss, but just ask them what the best deal is and they will tell you.  24 packs of microbrew for under $15?  All the time. They get new deals on Thursdays, but might not have them all out til Friday.  The middleaged man there during the day is the owner and a talker.  Ask him to recommend some wines and get a great deal and story.Top's, you are responsible for making me a higher grain of alcoholic.  I love you.
5	Top's Liquor is perfect! I have been in walking/biking distance from them for the past 4 years it's an amazing store.  They have a huge selection of everything; beer, wine, spirits not only an awesome selection but the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  I'm not so much a beer drinker but every time I go in and ask for a bottle of wine they are always spot on with their suggestion.   As long as I am in the state of Arizona I will be at Top's Liquor.
5	Hi, I really like to drink!Top's is pretty much the best liquor store ever.  They have nice employees and a bitching selection.  I'm pro-any place that is pro-drinking.They also recognize that ball-point pens don't write very well on hard counters, and they have set up a taped area that allows one to sign a credit card slip in peace.  Top's is tops in my book.
5	Best liquor store in the city. Tops has been around forever--in fact, when I came of age my Mom recommended it. She used to go there during grad school and beyond. It has the best selection, the smarmiest staff, and they do a ridiculous selection of kegs.
2	Tops was probably the original craft beer place to be back in the 90's when I first started shopping here.  Overall, great selection.Most beers at room temperature, and this is the warmest indoor liquor store I've ever visited.  When it's hot outside it's not uncommon to see the front door open for ventilation.  Poor employees.I've also had problems with expired beers.  I've also had problems with beers having floaties in them that should not have floaties in them.  And everything seems to have a layer of dust.If you're buying a fresh release then get it right away, otherwise I recommend shopping elsewhere.
5	Bottom line is Tops has an outrageous selection of beers, liquors, and wines.  If you are a scotch fan look no further than the single malt heaven that awaits you here.  Chances are very good that you will find what you are looking for.  I reported a while back that their refrigerators don't seem to do the trick but they've since been fixed and I am happy to say that the beers are as cold as the Rocky Mountain peaks.  I also like that Tops is locally owned and operated.
5	What's not to love. The best beer selection anywhere.
2	I usually buy all of my booze at Total Wine or BevMo. However, having read the reviews here, and wanting to support local businesses, I made the drive up to Tempe to check out Tops.Is this the unfriendliest place in town? I think it has to be right up there. The guy at the register acted like he was doing me a big favor ringing up my not-so-well-priced bottle of single malt scotch. I hate that.The overall selection is certainly good, but not as good as Total Wine, in my opinion. That said, they do have a tremendous variety of scotch and Irish whiskey. They have bottles stuck here and there all over the place. It sort of becomes like a treasure hunt to find all of the places they have stuffed the odd bottle. That was kind of fun. They also have a few I have never heard of, which is pretty cool. But I  can't get over the awful service. Others here have had better luck, so maybe I'll give it another try in the future, but not for awhile. It seems like the place has built a reputation, and is now resting on its laurels.
4	I was looking for Laphroaig 15 year old and they did not have it at Total Wine. We were in the neighborhood so I decided to try Tops one more time. Today's experience could not be more different than last time. For one thing, the guy at the counter actually spoke to me, and he said something friendly ("hello"). I could not find the thing I was looking for, so he went back and got the manager who found it right away, and at a great price. There was another guy there also and we all stood around and talked a little bit about single malts. They do know their stuff. I think for Scotch and Irish Whiskey drinkers this place is five stars when the right employees are working. I gave it four stars because I still think other places have a better overall selection these days. But I stress, for Scotch the place can't be beat. I found another trove I did not notice before, so their selection is even better than I originally thought.
5	This Tempe mainstay has the best selection of all things boozy in the entire city, and I would venture to suggest it's the best in the state. I'm not entirely sure how this pint size store manages to trump the warehouse liquor stores, but it does. Never have I come here with a specific esoteric item in mind and left empty-handed. The staff is comprised of dirty-scruffy-hippie boys that are actually kind of cute, and they know their biz. When I once demanded an unusual cheap sweet champagne, the dude immediately found three or four options in the disarray. The one I picked up sent my impossible-to-please daddy over the moon to the point of peeling the label off the bottle so he could go buy some himself. Yes, it's crowded and gets warm in the summer. Yes, it's a little more expensive. It's worth it. They were the first ones to stock espresso vodka. They have a brand of brandy that comes in a huge glass container shaped like a machine gun. The have bottles of Gulden Draak that are economy-size. It's the only liquor store in the city that actually looks, feels, and smells like an old-school Chicago liquor store. What else do you need?
5	Being on a "low carb" diet, I've all but eliminated beer (my favorite food group) from my weekly diet.  I walk near beer coolers in groceries, I change the channel when beer commercials take the screen, and I even avoid eye contact with people wearing shirts sporting beer logos.  This has been a tough, depressing month...  i've lost a true love.Today, I was summoned by a friend to check out Top's.  Since I'm traveling home this weekend and love spoiling my southeastern friends and family w/ west coast hoppy goodness, I obliged.  I immediately recognized the Temper Trap playing on the store sound system as I entered.  I hear, "Our love was lost, but now we found it."  Since I now subscribe to the Metaphor of the Day club, I took this as a sign. To qualify my review, I'll say this:  I was here to buy beer.  And did I ever buy beer!  Top's has a selection that surpasses any I've seen outside of big-city CA or NYC.  Deep distribution of domestic and foreign craft beer, with phenomenal service.  The owner came over and spoke to me for 10 minutes as though we'd been in business together for years.  He personally recommended several beers according to my specs, and I walked away happy as I would be with a box of Samoas or a hot Krispy Kreme original glazed.Check this place out for beer that rocks.
5	The other reviews are right. If you want to find one of the most extensive and, at times interesting, beer selections around, go to Top's. Make your own six-pack, it will do your body good!
5	Top's is the only place I consistently find rare beer and get insightful suggestions on new beer to try.  I never seem to walk out of Top's with less than 2 beers and I never walk out disappointed.  It might be small, but they pack more of a selection of beer than any of the big places.  They utilize their space well.
5	Best liquor store I have ever been to. Every time I am in Tempe I make it a point to visit this place. They have a huge selection of all kinds of liquor. I come here for the beer. Which has an incredible selection of brews. I could spend hours here looking through their very huge selection of beers. I love that you can buy single 12oz. bottles instead of having to commit to a whole six pack.
4	I went into tops after turning 21 and found that the selection was awesome.  You can mix and match beers if you'd like and they have so many beers to choose from.  They also have a bar next door that I have yet to try but I heard it is good.  The only thing that sucks is the prices.  Granted I am new to buying liquor, but the prices were kind of high.  I went there and saw a bottle of sangria that by the way was really good, but heard from a friend that fry's was selling if for 6 bucks and I paid 11 dollars for it. Its worth if your in the hood.  Undoubtedly one of the greatest selections of beer I have seen, but you might want to make a trip to bevmo or the market to see if you can get the same stuff for a lower price.  Its cool because it is an old-school liquor store.Recommendation: To anyone making a beer run or wants to go to a bar not on mill.  But nothing to go out of your way for.
3	I feel like Top's has been getting angrier and more bitter over time.  I called on Fourth of July just to see if they were open and they guy on the other line told me, "Yeah and we're a madhouse.  Each minute I spend on the phone with you is another body out the door," and hung up on me.I wanted to call back and tell him, "You know, the amount of time that it took you to say that, you probably lost two bodies out there door.  You could have just said, 'Yes we are!' and that would have sufficed.  Instead, you had to be snarky so I'm calling you back specifically to waste your time."Instead, I'm just going to Yelp about it.On multiple occasions coming back over the past few months, I feel like I'm tip-toeing through the house when someone's mad at me.  I don't get it.  There's a serious vibe of negativity going on.  Specifically, the guy who acted like a fuckface over the phone has been snarky and bitchy a few times to me.  Oh, and refrigerate your fucking beer.  I'm tired of having to pop my shit in the freezer for 45 minutes cause the beer or champagne I buy is piss warm.
5	I've been involved in ordering kegs from Top's for several months now, and I just had to get on and give them props.The staff is friendly, they always have what we need, and they take care of us at the drop of a hat.We wouldn't be the same without Top's and I would recommend them to anyone in the area!  :-)Thanks Top's!  :-)
5	Hands down the best liquor store in Tempe. I go here exclusively. Their selection is enormous! from vino, to biere, and hard spirits of all varieties! If your anything of a hop enthusiastic like myself Tops is your home away from home. There is always something on special, like 12 pack cases of moosehead for  $6! or a 24 pack of pyramid seasonal ales for $12! My fav thing to do is just grab an empty six pack case and mix and match, a great way to discover new beer and old favorites. The staff is beyond cool as well; shout outs to Bill! I cant say enough good things about ol Tops Liquors, they let me bring my 70 lbs airedale terrier in the store for christ sakes! If you live in the area you already know. If your visiting friends or relatives in Tempe, drop buy pick up some brews and surprise your loved ones w/ a special treat, your wallett and your tipsy friends/famz will thank you!
5	Fantastic beer selection, mix-n-match and fair pricing. What more could you ask for?
4	Tops will leave ya' tipsy...Greg the owner is quite the dear who truly appreciates  his customers-- however, some of his employees on the other hand could use a few  pointers in the customer service department.fer real........ I'll go to Tops to support the owner and also  to laugh at the sweaty asshole that works there.
4	Pretty good place to get a keg. It kinda smells like pee if you go in when you're sober.
5	I fucking love this place so much. SO MUCH. Possibly more than Fry's Electronics.I can't find ANYTHING I want here, technically, but I could probably order it. To this day I still haven't tried all of the beers I want to, and I've been going for a long time playing beer nerd. Mix n match your 6-pack! Their liquor and wine selections are absurd, and even though I don't drink that stuff, I certainly appreciate its existence.The aisles are skinny, so when two people pass there can be a crush, but rubbing up against someone elses girlfriend is something of a hobby of mine.The staff is very, very knowledgable and helpful. I've been out and seen Bill and had a few drinks. Greg is cool, willing to talk to you about anything business related, assuming he's not too damn busy.They always have amazing specials. They ran a special last year sometime on "Otter Head" for maybe $15/12 pack of big bottles. The stuff was delicious, and I found later that normally that stuff is only sold to bars for way more expensive prices. Shiner 6-packs are (last I checked) on sale for $6.99 and Session 12's have been $9.99 since the beginning of eternity, I think.If you want good beer, or good prices, or weird liquor bottles...go to TOPS.
2	I guess I'm spoiled when it comes to liquor stores. I live in a state with both Spec's and Twin Liquor--excellent selection and organization. I also have the flagship Whole Foods around the corner with its amazing refrigerated beer alley and amazing wine section with an excellent staff. I have a few problems with Top's:1) Absolutely no organization in the wine section. They organize by brand/winery and not by the type of wine or the type of grape or even the region. It's impossible to find what you are looking for without searching for about 30 minutes. Ick.2) The aisle are ridiculously tiny. I'm a 0/2 and I felt that I would knock over the towers of boxes that almost block the aisles. Thank goodness the store was empty tonight. I don't think more than two people can fit in one aisle. 3)Almost half of the wine and liquor bottles were covered in dust! It doesn't take that much effort to clean up the store.4) Most of the beers were unrefrigerated! That just seems like a sin. Beers belong in a beer cave--nice, cool, organized, and most importantly below 60 degrees! However, The liquor section looked great! Tons of great vodkas and gins and all were pretty cheap. (Cheaper than Texas, not as cheap as Cali.)I would go back here if I needed liquor. I'm a big fan of vodka and I really want to try the gala apple vodka they had. If you are looking for wine (like I was tonight), do not go here. It's not worth your time.
4	I love the selection here.  They sell almost everything-- kegs, a wide variety of whiskeys (and whiskys), wines, beers,  and other spirits.  there is a bar next door, that I haven't tried, but have heard good things about.Among the multitudes of Tempe liquor stores, this is the place to go if you like variety.
1	How many times do I have to get expired beers from this place (at least twice, but I don't check the dates every time...)? Their coolers are never cold either, I'm still not convinced they even work at all.
4	Whoa... what a cool, cluttered lil store.  It is so packed with goodies, you're sure to find tons of options you didn't even know exsisted.  Like coconut beer. haha  Friendly staff, too.See ya there!
5	This is my go to place for a bottle of alcohol that I am gifting to someone, recommending someone to gift or celebrating with.The selection per square foot is quite impressive and the guys know their stuff quite well. They've tried a lot of what's in the store and when it comes to Tequila, have been the most helpful bunch every time I came in.Sidenote: sometimes the music choice is questionable :)
4	Top's Liquor is seriously on point. They have tons of options, and for the most part it is inventoried in an easy to find way, they have aisles of craft/independent brews, local stuff and hard to find booze. They don't have what you want? They'll get it. And the staff is ridiculously tuned in to their stock. The only reason I can't give it five stars is because I'm scared to death I'm going to bump into an aisle one day and the whole store will come down, expand already fellas!
4	Top's - oh how I love beer so oh how I love Top's!I don't drink wine, I've tried and tried but I rarely like it. So all the better that I review their wine selection. There's a lot and it's mostly in bottles. This is where I'd go if I was trying to locate girls, Europeans and/or winos.Now, on to the beer!  There a lot and it's mostly in bottles...however the contents taste a lot better than that stuff over in the wine section. But be warned, there's nary a female, Euro wino in sight. Go here if you need/want/like a ridiculous selection of beer.I'll pull a Stan Lee here, with a  "'Nuff said".
4	I discovered Top's Liquor over the summer when I was looking for a slightly hard to find local Arizona wine.  The website of the wine actually directed me to Top's, and I realized it was only a few minutes away.  Top's has one of the largest selections of any liquor store I've been to.  It has a very homey feel to it, similarly to walking around an independent record store. I usually find what I'm looking for when I'm there, and sometimes I go just to browse.  You can also make your own six pack of beer, taking an old six pack case they have there, and just taking what you like, paying for each beer separately.  I'm not sure if other liquor stores do this, but this is the only one I've been to where you can.  There is also an adjoining bar connected to Top's, although I've never been to it.  I always see and hear it, and it looks like a very enjoyable experience, with that same homey feeling as the store itself.  The only downside I would have with this store is that it is REALLY small when you are walking around.  I often times have to keep moving out of the way when I am in an isle just so that someone else, or a worker can get by me.  Other than that, I will most definitely continue to go to Top's for all my liquor needs.
3	They have a great selection of beer and liquor. Sometimes I get side tracked because I'm looking at bottles I've never heard of before. I feel that their prices are somewhat higher than other liquor stores, but it's within the normal range. I don't think the beer kept in coolers is cold enough. It seems closer to room temperature than ice cold. That's something they could work on. If you are looking for something different, this would be a great place to check out.
5	This is MY liquor store and the go to place for adult beverages. Awesome selection of beer, wine and liquor. Hell, I even buy my ice there for cheaper than the grocery store. Staff is really knowledgeable and Greg, the owner, is always friendly. Ask them a question. Test their alcohol IQ. Greg is a certified Cicerone and knows his stuff!Wait, it gets better! There's a beer/wine bar next door owned by Top's! Stop by to sample some rare/uncommon beers on tap or from their large selection of bottles. Taps and wine are rotating with great selections that will offer something for everyone. Even the art work is rotating and available for sale. Great place to stop by for a sample or flight.Hint: Always check the back beer coolers for ridiculous specials. Sometimes they are great, others are not. But you never know what's going to be there. I usually find a treasure or two.
5	A few weeks back a friend came to one of my board game nights and brought along an apple cider I had never seen before. It was delicious, so a few days later I popped by Top's to see if it was available. I couldn't find any on their shelves so the guys up front took down the name of the drink and my number, promising to give me a call if they could scare some up.Less than a week later my phone rings, it's the folks at Top's letting me know that they have this awesome new cider in stock. I can't think of any other place that will turn around a customer request so quickly, this has locked me in as a loyal customer. Their prices might be a bit higher than a big-box store, but supporting a local business with amazing service is entirely worth it.
1	My wife and I recently ATTEMPTED to patronize this liquor store. I say 'attempted' because we weren't actually allowed to purchase anything. Although I showed them my Arizona drivers license, which clearly shows that I am 31, the clerk refused to sell anything to us because my wife did not have her I.D. with her. I pointed out that they were selling the alcohol to me and not to my wife, but they were having none of it. The clerk repeatedly (and rudely in my opinion) told me that he was under no legal obligation to ask for her I.D.; it was merely his discretion. Well, to the clerk at Top's I say this, you do indeed have the discretion to do what you did and thankfully I have the discretion to NEVER AGAIN shop at your overcrowded, narrow, and occasionally smelly liquor store where 10 year old children are allowed to run around behind the counter while you look me dead in the  face and seriously tell me you run a legitimate establishment. Writing this review is also my discretion. As is telling all of my friends to never shop at your store again. Good day to you, sir.
5	Love, love, love.The staff here is the best. They know their stock backwards and forwards, theyre friendly, and attentive.And the stock! There isnt much I havent been able to find here. My husband and I frequently make our own 6 packs (which comes out to around the price of a 6 pack of Bud Light at any convience store). There's so many awesome beers that we still have to try!DO NOT be the guy that walks out of this place w/ a 6 pack of Bud Light (Ive seen it!). Expand your horizons a bit and try one or five of the great choices Tops has to offer.
4	going to tops is like doing the haij for alcoholics. If tops doesn't have it you will never find it. Staff is helpful if a little scruffy.BTW, sounds like Douglas needs to buy his bud light lime somewhere else.
3	The selection here is top notch, but it isn't without it's faults. The staff here knows more than the internet about beer. You can tell the guy who always wears a button down and sideburns a taste you like and he can usually recommend a beer that's pretty damn close. The prices are fair, and they often have some of the absolute rock bottom tags on "lesser" beers. Unfortunately this place is a goddamn wreck organizationally. It nearly always smells like all of the types of beer they have simultaneously shattered on the floor. In addition there is stock EVERYWHERE. I don't exaggerate when I say this. One time I was in here fairly drunk already, and was convinced that the literal leaning towers of booze were a conspiracy to make wasted costumers knock them over and then empty their bank accounts in some sort of perverse ritual to a pagan god of booze. Maybe I'm a clean freak, maybe these guys are the most confused and disorganized individuals on Earth. Whatever the case, the booze flows freely and there is a bar where you can drink what you bought. Good fun.
5	This place is the best!!!! The staff is extremely  knowledgeable and helpful. The sales they often have on beers is ridiculous..where else can you get a 24 pack of tall boy Fat Tires for $10??!!! But you have to get there quick for their sales because they do sell out! if you're looking to try a new liquor ..no problem they always have specials that are pocket friendly. If you live in Tempe this is the place to go.
5	When you walk in, this place looks like a mess. Don't panic, just tell the staff what you are looking for. This could be a request for a specific bottle (how they know where anything is baffles me). It could also be a more general question, such as a style of beer or type of spirit. The prices are good for a liquor store and their beer and liquor selection are top notch.
5	You will not find a better selection of wines and liquors almost anywhere. The prices are reasonable too. Staff is friendly. The bar next door, "Taste of Tops" is pretty cool too - many fewer undergrads than the bars right on Mill Avenue.
5	Walking into this place I immediately knew it was a top notch, 5 star liquor store. They have prices cheaper than grocery stores! For example, 3 olive vodka is only $14.99. They also offer 10% off if you buy 6 or more bottles of wine or liquor, and you can mix and match! The selection here is seriously amazing. No joke, I've never seen such a selection of both wine, beer and liquor. I saw a bottle of vodka that was shaped like a shotgun, with a strap and all! They also rate their wine like high end wine stores do, which always makes shopping for wine more fun. Best of all, the employees and customers we all so friendly. I left there with a smile on my face and a couple of bottles of wine to enjoy. I even wrote this review before I opened a bottle. Now THAT is impressive!
5	This place feels like your eccentric uncle's liquor stash.  If you're in need of something unique or different (and I was), this is the place to go.  It's not the cheapest place you can go but you don't come here for price.  I found a local bourbon for my husband which he is really enjoying.  It definitely has the feel of a family establishment.  Check it out!
5	Good as it gets.  Extremely knowledgeable.   Friendly but not out of the way friendly.  Without question the best liquor store in Arizona.
4	Tops has a great selection and a (mostly) knowledgeable staff. I always enjoy my trip there. The only issue I have with them is their recommendations are very hit and miss. We asked for a gin equivalent to Tanqueray a few months ago, and the bottle is still sitting in our kitchen with only 1 shot missing. It was awful...Sometimes Tops has the best price, and sometimes Safeway does.
5	Tops is hands down the best beer/liquor/wine store.  The employees are always helpful with suggestions and they all know their stuff. They usually have great sales on spirits or beers they are looking to clear from their inventory. The only negative of this place is that their wine is overpriced.
2	I recently offered my patronage to Topp's to fill my freshly emptied keg. Not wanting to break the bank, we elected to fill the keg with Coors Light. However, I believe there was a tragic mix up. Instead of 1984 fluid ounces of liquid courage, we were given a beverage I can only equate to a crime scene. The taste was so foul, I immediately called my mother to apologize for introducing the liquid to the body she had given me. It was synthesis of battery acid and what I imagine anal fissures must taste like. 2/5, only because I was impressed by the brazen soul that sold me the beer.
4	You need a good selection, TOP'S will make it happen! You need some liquor connoisseurs that have some knowledge, TOP'S will make it happen!You need reasonably priced liquor in Tempe, TOP'S will make it happen! You need a parking space, BE CAREFUL, TOP'S barely has that... LOL!!!! On a serious note, if you want a quality liquor store in Tempe, be sure to stop by Top's they have all the selection of liquor, wine, and beer you need. For all the haters, disregard. Go to another liquor store.
5	A great bottle shop in Tempe area, situated right next door to their own tasting room.  Top's is oftentimes better priced that even the big chains like Total Wine.  Some of the staff could use some customer service training, but overall it's a good place to find less common beers for sale in the downtown Tempe area, and worth the effort if you have to go out of your way to get there.
5	I see many people put this as the best in Tempe.  All of you are WRONG.  This is the best in the state!  I have been a very loyal customer for years now and have never been disappointed.  Every time I go into Top's, which is a few times per week (like 7), I am amazed at the knowledge of the staff.  They are true connoisseurs of all things drinkable.  You do not need to go anywhere else.  Customer Service? Ya it is bad sometimes because of the stupid drunk people, college kids, hipsters, and other retards they get.  If you go in there and really want information they are more then willing to help.  Remember they do not need to help you select your beers or bottles, so when they do put a few bucks in that tip jar for their help.
5	Best beer selection in town AND rare and tasty liquor! reasonable pricing and knowledgeable staff.   A longtime TEMPE gem!!
