2	I just moved to Phoenix and decided to try this place since it's very close to my new house.  I went there for the first time this week, and unfortunately, it'll be my last.Dry-cleaning businesses aren't exactly rare, so anything less than a satisfying experience means I'm taking my business to the next one down the street.  That's exactly what happened with Tony's.  To be fair, the cleaning service was fine.  They didn't lose or damage my clothes and they all came back fine.However, I certainly wasn't blown away with the customer service.  The lady who took my clothes was adequately pleasant, but didn't take the time to answer my questions--well, she didn't even give me the chance to ask them.  She didn't count the items in front of me as most places do, she didn't ask about stains or starch preferences, nor did she warn me that my wife's silk robe would cost almost as much to clean ($13) as it was to buy.  The only information/confirmation I got regarding my order was in the receipt she gave me before I left.  She didn't tell me when my order would be ready until I came back into the store to ask after having gotten into my car.  And I found out later that the order was ready a day earlier than her quoted pick-up date (something she apparently does regularly to cover her butt, which I get, but I really could've used some of the pieces a day earlier). The prices were okay.  They weren't ridiculous, but were on the high side.  My biggest issue was with my wife's silk robe, which is pretty small and thin.  Thirteen dollars seemed high--maybe it's not--but I should have been warned about something that expensive since we would not have had it cleaned had we known the price.  My 3 dress shirts came out to $6.75, five pairs of pants totaled $27.75, and a silk blouse was $6.20.  These totals were prior to Tony's tacking on an 8% "Environmental" fee; I have no idea what this includes. Again, I'm new to the area, so I don't know whether this is required by local law or just something Tony's has created to add 8% to their revenue.  But I've never heard of it before and was a little annoyed when I saw it on the bill, as this was something else that would've been nice to have been warned about.The parking situation also sucks.  They've only got parking for two cars.  To be fair, I was satisfied with the actual dry-cleaning; I can't really complain about how my clothes were cleaned and pressed.  But since there are several dry-cleaners within short driving distance to my house, I don't plan on returning to Tony's.
5	Outstanding business, outstanding people.  We have been customer's of Tony's Cleaners for 25 years...would never go anyplace else!
1	I took 2 coats in to be altered. On the first coat only the sleeves were to be shortened. On the second coat the sleeves and the coat length were to be shortened.We, my daughter (who's coats these were) and I, returned to Tony's a week later to pick up both coats. My daughter tried on the first coat, that only needed the sleeves shortened, and she looked a bit apprehensive and a bit perplexed. But none-the-less she opted to take the coat as she was leaving back to college and needed the coat. When we left Tony's my daughter commented that it didn't feel right in the sleeves, as if it was bunching and it felt uncomfortable to her. I told her to leave it but she insisted that she would need a coat.The second coat that needed both the sleeves and length shortened was left there because they said it wasn't ready and would be another week. When I returned a week later to pick up the coat it was very visible to me that the job was not done properly. The front of the coat was uneven, I would come to later find out, it was a whole 1/2 inch off. Also, at the bottom of both the right and left sides of the coat there was a zigzag stitch that shouldn't have been there, it should have been a straight stitch. The sleeves also looked as if there was too much lining fabric where it joins the exterior of the coat. From the backside of the coat, at the bottom, the lining was visible (hanging down too far). When I questioned the employee she said her seamstress was gone for the day and to just leave the coat there so she could fix it.When I returned 2 weeks later to pick up the coat there were no changes made to the coat at all. When I questioned the owner about why the seamstress put a zigzag stitch on the two bottom sides she said that was the only way it could be done to close the coat. I asked why the seamstress didn't go in from inside the lining and she said, "That would have been too much work". When questioned why it was still uneven she said it was because it was on the hanger and that once I put the coat on it would be fine. I explained to her that that wasn't the way it was when I originally purchased the coat, that the coat was nice and even at the bottom. She insisted I put the coat on, I told her it wasn't my coat and it wouldn't fit me because the coat belonged to my daughter who was away at college by this time.By this time I just wanted to take my coat somewhere else to have it fixed but she was insistent on having the seamstress do repairs right then while I waited. I told her no that the coat had already been left there for them to fix and they failed to do anything to fix it in the three weeks since it was originally promised to me. I simply wanted my coat and I expressed that I wasn't going to pay for it because the job wasn't done properly and she grabbed my coat. I then pulled out my cell phone to call the police so that I could get my merchandise back and she proceeded to charge me for the work done, even though it was very clear that I was not satisfied and I was neither confident nor comfortable with leaving my coat any longer. The owner proceeded to tell me to never bring anything to her again and I promised her I wouldn't.It's been several weeks but I've since had this coat fixed by FIT ALTERATIONS, they did a phenomenal job! I would advise to NEVER take anything to TONY'S CLEANERS AND TAILORS FOR ALTERATIONS. I really don't think the seamstress knows what she's doing.
5	Being new to the Valley of the Sun, I have made the round of the Valley's dry cleaners and Tony's is by far the finest there is. If you're sorta an eco-friendly hippie (like me), you will love that they use environmentally friendly products which omits the chemical-y smell that dry cleaned clothes oftentimes carry.  Bring your old hangers in for recycling and green garment bags are available for purchase! Tony's staff and owners are as helpful as they come and know me on a first-name basis.  Personalized service goes a long way nowadays! My clothes are always ready on time and perfectly pressed; if you are extra busy and fighting for time they even offer home delivery and pickup! Talk about convenience.If you have collectible pieces or are picky about your wardrobe, the only one to trust is Tony's. I'll stake (and already have) my wedding dress on it! My wedding dress came back sparkly white and preserved in an airtight box, I couldn't be more pleased!
5	My wife and I have been going to Tony's for several years and have had no problems. Can't see any reason to go elsewhere.
5	Great service and super helpful people!  Our daughter is in Girl Scouts and we have Tony's sew the patches and badges onto her vests. They do a wonderful job!
