4	I had never eaten at Chick-Fil-A before this location opened and now I am a serious fan. The plain old chicken sandwich has been reborn for me and i also love the nuggets. Mickey D's is going  to take a hit for sure. Save the Cows, Eat More Chicken
4	This place just opened up a few months ago and my girlfriend was thrilled because she loves this place.  I enjoy some Chick-fil-A, but  have grown to get tired of the same stuff.BUT...They have the best waffle fries and their nuggets are pretty dang tasty.  I love this location (i assume most are like this) because the people there are so insanely nice.  Who says "How may i serve you?"One time we were eating there and this server was helping a guy with his food and asked "Could  I help you out with these?"  He was alone, probably 30's, and had two free hands.. she walks out with three bags and having trouble moving.  The entire place was watching in awe as he let her carry his food to his car.  Who does that??  Chick-fil-A does..  The drive-thru likes to fool you though.. as a male.. I pull up and hear this sweet sweet voice "Hi, welcome to Chick-fil-A, how may I serve you?"  Of course I get why people do this.. females just come off as more pleasant.  But once you pull up to the window, it's some weird old guy..... bah..   Oh well.Still a good place to eat.
5	great fast food!
4	My fave fast food restaurant. Its yummy, quick and service is extremely friendly. Some items I enjoy... The chicken: Chicken Nuggets (w Chick Fil A sauce) Grilled Chicken Sandwich (ask for the honey roasted BBQ sauce to go w) Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe w Pepper jack Cheese for breakfast: Chicken Minis! (yummy honey glazed mini biscuits w a chkn nugget in each) Spicy Chicken Biscuit (new item, already had it twice... it's good) *I like how it is an actual honking piece of chicken for their chicken sandwich and not a mushed up chicken patty w fillers. They pressure cook their chicken, I believe, and it's always moist and juicy. Their nuggets are chunks of chicken meat, also. Their are tons of sauce to choose from... (BBQ, Ranch, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Polynesian, Chick Fil A, and maybe a few more). Their spicy chicken is seasoned nicely and actually has a good spicy flavor, but not overly spicy. The sides. Their waffle fries are bomb. Never overly salty. Side salads has lettuce, carrots, cheese, tomatoes and broccoli and come with croutons and sunflower seeds. Dessert: Thick flavorful milkshakes. Ice Dream (soft served vanilla ice cream), and Nut Brownies (can also get it a la mode w some Ice Dream on top). They have lots of tasty options here. Service is friendly and fast. If I'm running behind and need to pick up a quick lunch, I roll through the drive through (which is like once a week, hehe). So save the cows... "Eat Mo' Chik N"
4	I love it!. Always fresh and hot. Nice customer service with manners! And they NEVER forget my mint!
4	It was anniversary night at Chick-Fil-A offering free movie (Finding Nemo), popcorn, face painting, balloons, cupcakes, and FREE chicken sandwich with any purchase.  It was a fun night with my Niece and celebrating with Chick-Fil-A. I've always loved anything I've had from here.
5	Ahhh! I'm addicted to Chick-Fil-A!!!I finally tried this place after hearing so many good things and I'm hooked. The first week I tried it.. I think I had it 4 times. haha. (Kinda embarrassing to say :X) I usually get the spicy chicken sandwich with all the fixin's and eat it with chick fil a sauce and buffalo. mmmmmm. The chicken is a huge piece and it's fried perfect! (Actually one time, it was way overdone. I let them know and they immediately cooked me a fresh one. I hope it didn't have spit in it, although they are so friendly and nice I doubt they would do something like that... or would they?)The crisscut fries are soooo good. You can tell the oil they fry it in is fresh. They give you great service, it's clean and nice, they give you great extras, and they have community family events. Just feels like a wholesome place to be. :)
5	Kids Nite Tuesdays! Mascot, face painting, fun and more!  The staff was so cool with all the kids. And CLEAN!  This location brought your order to your table, removed your tray and were just all around great! I even heard "my pleasure" when another customer asked for a refill. The staff member, Eric,  took the cup, refilled it and returned to the customer's table, smiling the whole time!  Both the young men working the dining area were polite and helpful.The food was great too!  My son and I shared nuggets and waffle fries.  Okay he didn't share the waffle fries to much, I think I got one or two.It was a great time for my son and I!
1	Excuse me, I didn't order this "doggie bag."I'd always been a fan of Chick-Fil-A.  That is, until my recent visit.  I placed a drive thru order and waited my turn in line behind another vehicle ahead of me.  That vehicle had it's windows rolled down and two (cute!) dogs were in the back seat with their snouts peering out the window.  It seems the drive thru attendant couldn't resist their charms, reached out and allowed at least one of the dogs to lick the palm of her hand, undoubtedly smearing saliva.  When my turn at the window arrived, I was certain the drive thru attendant would first wash her hands before serving me, but that never occurred.Please don't misunderstand.  I, myself, am a pet owner and love my furry friend.  In my own home I am always sure to wash my hands before touching food, utensils, kitchen surfaces, etc.  I was dumbfounded when I was expected to pay someone else for something I would not allow myself to do.In the interest of full disclosure, the drive thru attendant did not prepare my food, but she did handle the packaging it came in which, in turn, I also needed to handle to have access to the food.  All I could think about was cross contamination.  Had I not been in a hurry, I would have brought this to the manager's attention instead of throwing away food which may have been very good under other circumstances.
4	Cleaner play area than McDonalds but smaller. But they also provide individual wipes next to the door. Milkshakes are thick and creamy. Inexpensive. Closed on Sundays, though.
5	Love Chick-Fil-AAfter I had my baby last fall the hospital brought in some disgusting excuse for food. I delivered at CRH right down the street from Chick-Fil-A and asked my husband to please go get me a chicken sandwich. I have been to Chick-Fil-A lots of times and it is always good, but let me tell you folks, it tastes about a bajillion time better if you have just delivered a 9 pound baby!I love how everyone at this location is SO polite. Whenever you say thank you they respond, "My pleasure."I keep it simple. I like the plain chicken sandwich with pickles, waffle fries, and a diet Dr. Pepper. A total favorite!
4	The grilled chicken and berries salad is delicious. I know its a chain but this place does it right. Service is always impecable and the food is consistenly good. Waffle Fries are amazing as well.
3	Their food is good, and the sides are good.   Now, on to the big 3:Price:  Pretty typical, and non-effective in correcting the high prices of fast food.  A single diner can expect to pay $8-11 to eat one meal.  I'm guessing that no energy is expended to correct the high prices of one dinner meal.Service:  Everyone I've talked to has been pleasant, and smiling, if even on an only-superficial basis.Taste:  The chicken items taste just like chicken.  It's everything you would expect.  Nothing fantastic.In Summation:  They close as early as 9pm, and ALSO on every Sunday.
5	What can I say except that I love this place. The food is good, the staff is friendly, the place is clean.  Even though it's fast food and deep friend in a billion calorie oil... I still feel better feeding my family REAL chicken instead of the creepy chicken paste McDonald's uses... O.o
5	Great chicken sandwiches and fries. Best lemonade in town. Politics aside, one mean chicken sandwich thats hard to beat. Some of the best customer service in the industry. Great family atmosphere.
5	Yummy every time! I can eat ths food every day!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Chick-fil-a.Soap in the bathroom smells like nasty ass.
1	Gross. Does that sum it up? I will never eat ay Chick-Fil-A again.
5	Awesome food and excellent service in a fun family oriented environment.  Love this place.
1	Ooops, I did it again...And this time it was equally AWFUL. Why did I give it a second chance?
2	I should begin by stating, I love Chick-Fil-A.  I love the food, I love the soup, I love the family owned concept.  However...I have never seen such poor customer service.  On duty was  a manager and a team leader.  There were, when we arrived, six people in the front and I could see four in the back.  By the time we had our order taken, we counted eight people up front.   Yet, no one was taking orders.  There were four chit-chatting to the side, a manager counting money...they were doing everything but assisting customers.  We waited as next in line for more than ten minutes, and my husband finally asked "Can you please wait on us?"I don't expect perfect, but really, with that many,  people up front, someone should be able to ask if we want fries with that.
5	Best kid friendly place I've been to since I become a parent 5 yrs ago!!
5	This has to be my favorite fast food joint! I love love love their chicken! I always get their number 1 meal. It's their basic chicken sandwich with the world famous waffle fries. The customer service that you get their is stellar!  Oh, and they have the best sweet tea ever!
4	Chick-Fil-A has a Daddy/Daughter date night Aug 21st & 22nd - 4:30 / 5:30 & 6:30
1	Ugh. This place is conveniently located in my commute and I want so badly to like it!  I have has 3 bad experiences now. The people are friendly, but that doesn't make up for the poor quality of food!
5	Love their chicken strips and the buffalo sauce.  and their waffle fries!!! Super delicious!!! The customer service is always fantastic!!! So courteous and friendly!!!
4	For a fast food place this one is a top pick to go to. It has everything chicken and tastes so good. I've eaten the Asian salad with honey sesame dressing, the chicken biscuit, the chicken egg & cheese on sunflower multigrain bagel, chick fil a deluxe chicken sandwich, their classic chicken sandwich. All of them were definitely meant to be how it is sold as. Crispy chicken and tender. Smells appetizing. I like that they have the drive thru lines alternating style so the orders can be taken as it comes and in queue. Except for one time that I went the employee had a hard time hearing me to the point that someone who came after me on the other line got their order first while I was still ordering mine! And the other customer was confused as to why I was still ordering and didn't move forward in the drive thru line. Ha! If she only knew.... :/I wish they were open on Sundays but I respect the resting day! :)
5	Drive thru was Daytona fast! Friday, just before 1:00pm, dreading the inevitable wait in line, but hold on a minute--is that two order lanes at the drive-thru?? Yes!  Seven cars ahead of me? Ugggh. So much for 2-lane efficiency. I'll check-in on Yelp to bide my time. "Who's honking at me?? Oh."  There is a two-car gap between me and the next car. Flash a guilty smile through the rear-view and a quick wave . . . no smile from that dude. "Wonder what Yelp fans think of this locale. . . ?" Another honk? A look to the rear view and then to my front. "What the hell?"  The girl in the drive thru window is literally leaning her head out the window, dangling my bag of chow in her hand as to say, "Come on Big Guy, you can do it!" I crap you negative, the drive thru took about 120 secs from green-to-checkered flag on a busy Friday at lunchtime. Impressive and appreciated!!!Oh yeah . . . my chicken sammie and iced tea?? YUMMAY!!!!I love Chick-fil-a . . . Cheers!RS
1	I love all Chickfila due to the good food, quickness and the professionalism. This store was very low on the professionalism. Their microphones were overlapping on voices.I pulled up and when I told them they had a problem with the headsets Putting through two voices they just looked at me. Ok that's fine but then the girl with the brown braided head band was more interested in gossiping than my order. Had to ask for sauces (chickfilas everywhere else always ask first) and then I had to interrupt her mid gossip to remind her to get ketchup. They didn't even say thanks our bye. So rude. Never again!
2	Last week we stopped on a Thursday and got free breakfast entrees. In addition, we ordered a side of fruit. I decided to save the fruit, and held onto it until Friday. I was quite surprised to see mold on the strawberries. Yuck! Fortunately for me, I held onto my receipt and politely took the bad fruit to the establishment where I'd purchased it. Please note, that this is NOT the reason for this poor review. We stopped for breakfast again and sat in the drive-thru line for every bit of 8 mins; though it seemed liked 20. Why hold up the line for someone's missing waffle fries/tater tots? Why can't they pull to the side and have their meals brought out when ready? Sort of like their nameless neighbor on the East side of the building (eh'em!). There no apologies, no explanation or anything. I find it completely unacceptable to have customers waiting that long; but in the early am commute? Seriously? Who does that? Then, to top it off, we get 15 miles away to find that the key piece to those biscuit chicken bites is no where to be found. No honey! Even after it was confirmed that there was some in the bag. Argh!The ONLY thing that Chick fil a can get me right now is a strawberry milkshake.
5	Great place for families. Toddler play area :) sadly a lot of older kids are in there  plowing past the toddlers & employees ignore it. Otherwise good prices & clean place.
5	They're always so friendly!!i absolutely love this place, they have the peach peach shakes(limited time) and their fries are amazing!!!!
5	I'm always pleasantly surprised with the service and quality of food. The sand which I was served actually looked exactly like the one in the picture. The store is always clean and the napkin/sauce station is always stocked. I feel like I don't have to mention that the staff is always professional and pleasant. If you've been you probably know exactly what I'm talking about. It's probably just me, but everyone I order I ask about any sauces or toppings they might out on and I always forget that they are naturally made exactly the way I like it. I really should go more often. That's all.
4	Customer service here is pretty good. Good for an early or late lunch, but beware the busy times!
2	I'm used to every chick Fila I go to gladly giving law enforcement, military police, and corrections officers 30-50% discounts. I visit the ones at stapley, university, and ray road weekly due to this, with much appreciation to chick Fila for their support and understanding for those working in this industry. I was shocked to find out that this independently own and operated chick Fila not only refuses to offer this discount but also waters down their beverages more, decreases their weight/portions more and Frys thier chicken more deeply.  I will not be revisiting this chickfila and will gladly share with other law enforcement that unlike other supportive chick Filas through out az, this one stands out in a negative way and does not do justice to other restaurants baring its name.
4	Overall a pretty decent fast food joint. The chicken sandwiches are always hot,  but fries are hit or miss. Service is always overally friendly (count how many times you can get them to say my pleasure for a good laugh) but never rude and always relatively quick. Ample parking but the lot itself is a bit of a cluster.
5	You can tell this place is well managed. The workers are happy, the music was nice, and the bathrooms, which are lightly decorated, are clean and smell nice! Bravo Chick-fil-A :)Oh, and the food was great, as always.
