2	Had an eye exam and a couple of pairs of glasses ordered from this location. The exam was thorough and professional. However, my problem was with the staff. You would think after spending almost $500, you'd be afforded good service.Apparently, this chain has scraped the bottom of the barrel when it comes to their non-medical staff. When I called to find out if my glasses were ready, the young lady I spoke to left me on hold for 25 minutes. I hung up the phone and called back. No apology, just was told by one of her fellow workers that she was scatterbrained because she was pregnant. WTF??The saving grace was the assistant manager (Stacy). I was pretty ticked when I showed up. She took control, fitted my glasses (two pairs) and wouldn't allow me to leave the store until my glasses were cleaned and I was satisfied that they fit perfectly. Kudos to this young lady .Would I return? Hmm... Only if I can get service from this assistant manager.
1	Just heard the young lady working state "those were our last patients. Their appointment was at 6:10." So, show up 2 hours early for your appointment, and bump everyone else out of theirs!? Unacceptable!
1	The doctor there doesn't have customer service skills or understand how to talk with patients. I went there for an exam and he had me look through two lenses, never asked me how I could see the letter, after the 15 seconds of the two lenses he told me my prescription was going to stay the same. Never looked into whether my vision has gotten any better or worse and didn't take the time to seem to care. I did complain to the manager Rachel who was wonderful in understanding and didn't charge me for the visit.I did make it clear I would not return to their vision centers with doctors of that knowledge. I have used them for two years previous and will no longer go there.
1	How should I word this? They SUCK. I've never been to a place with such horrible customer service. I wish I had read the reviews before going in to this place. So the first time I went in they had me waiting for an hour before I was seen for my eye appointment (and I did make an appointment) after waiting they finally saw me and I ended up spending 3 hours there. They gave me trial contacts and I had to make a follow up appointment before I got my prescription. I finally had my my follow up appointment a month later, and the doctor was pissed because it wasn't two weeks later he told me, "You're lucky I'm not putting you down as a non-compliant customer". Then I asked for my prescription and he flipped out, he said, "I GAVE YOU ONE LAST TIME!" I had never seen this doctor before in my life. Then he looked and my history and was like "oh you saw so and so" but he didn't apologize for yelling at me. Yes, he yelled at me. Now it's about 1 month later since that appointment and no, I still don't have my contacts, and no they haven't called me about them coming in,  but yes I did  pay $100 on my first visit. So I called them today, and what to you know my contacts are in and NO they have yet to call me and let me know. I've never disliked a business so much as this one. After I got my perscription I went and bought 2 pairs of glasses on Coastal.com for $150 SOOO worth it, and I'm making payments. After I get my contacts I will never be going to nationwide again. It makes me so mad just talking about this place. I'm 18 and they took advantage of my naivety all three times I went there I left in tears because I had a horrible experience. They steal your money and have horrible customer service. I hope I could spare someone the time and money from not going here. I used to go to an Optometrist on 7th street and Bell, I will be making the drive out there just for the excellent customer service and low prices they have.
1	Can I give 0 stars?!? No one acknowledged us When I made myself known there was no smile, no common courtesy. Just a flat response of "ok well just take a seat and they will call you." Didn't take my name. Didn't ask what all I needed. Nothing. Place is hot and muggy and completely unprofessional. The staff looked like they were going to a backyard barbecue. Nothing more. I left.
