3	Hum..... what IS this place??  After an abysmal meal up town last night, I wanted a drink.  Specifically, I wanted a cocktail.  Treacle was rammed, so we continued down the road but deeper in to pub land where ordering anything other than beer makes you an arsehole.  But then, The Man had an epiphany and said "What about that Elbow place!"We'd been meaning to check this place out since it opened, and it seemed like the perfect opportunity.When we walked in, I got more of a pub-ey vibe and didn't see a cocktail list anywhere, so I opted for a Jack and coke.  But then I saw a board which displayed the "cocktail of the month" and said "I want that!"The bartender was lovely and had a bit of craic with us while he made my cocktail.  The drink was nice though I'll admit I wasn't incredibly impressed.  I like to taste the tang of alcohol in my drinks and this just tasted like juice.  Nice juice, but juice nonetheless.There was just something about this place which didn't feel quite right, it didn't seem to fit into any boxes.  The Man said it's not the kind of place you would come with a bloke for a beer, and I don't feel like it's the kind of place I would come with a girlfriend for girly drinks because of the location and the unusual atmosphere.The decor is a bit interesting - kind of 70s trash meets space chic, it's a little weird.  The light fittings are pretty cool, though.  It also has a disco ball and old movies with subtitles playing on mute.  It's definitely not a bad place to come, but something just didn't seem to feel right or quite comfortable.  It might just not be my scene, but I prefer places with a bit more life in them and a bit less disco ball.
4	The review is for the food, as I'm still waiting for the draft ale tap to be installed (I've been told it's on its way). Really tasty, interesting nosh - a bold take on 'pub grub' - bold in that it's so much better.There's tables outside during the day and different stuff going on every evening. It's a Fergus-friendly place, too - so let's hope that tap is in place soon!
5	This place served me comfortably the best Sunday roast I've sampled in Edinburgh, so far. A quirky little spot, which I imagine suffers slightly from being a little betwixt and between places, it really is worth seeking out, as the kitchen is serving up some really top quality fare.Overall, we said: "I was delighted with Elbow. I'm sorry not to have discovered it before now, as I'm often asked for Sunday brunch/lunch recommendations, and I know many people who would be as highly delighted with this place as I was, today. For sure, it goes right to the top of my list of recommendations as a great place to spend a Sunday, particularly when you're feeling the need for a hearty roast."
4	Elbow's pretty close to my flat, so I should really make an effort to come here more often!Outside seating is always good, until the clouds come and it gets chilly, in which case the interior of Elbow is just as nice.  The largest table downstairs was reserved, but we were there for almost two hours and no-one arrived... in fact the whole place was fairly quiet for a Saturday lunchtime. I ordered the burger with blue cheese - very nice, although yet another of those very thick burgers that you just can't get your mouth around, and the 'shoestring fries' are great (I've had the garlicky ones before too which are also really tasty). Friend had the goats cheese tart which he tells me was tasty too.The service is usually pretty good, although for a quiet afternoon the barmaid could have been a little more attentive, however she was the only staff member visible so probably had a lot more to do than just serve.All in all, if you're in the area, or live locally, then Elbow is a very solid place to go for a pint and a bite to eat.
4	Good booze in a funny little place, kitchen and welcoming - worth a visit some of the food was pretty good, and the drinks very good.
4	i've lived down the road from Elbow for years and yet only just made it here the other weekend with some friends to try out their sunday roast.  Elbow is a cool wee bar in a sort of random location.  it's right across from a school on the cross roads of broughton road and bellevue road, so not exactly a location that gets loads of passerbys.  however, with the quality of their food it seems they have no problem attracting customers!although the intention of our visit was for sunday roast, i was tempted away from this by their burger which a previous yelp reviewer had said was pretty awesome.  i added blue cheese to my burger and awaited it to arrive.  food took awhile since we were a party of 10, but i sipped my large glass of red wine while waited and enjoyed the company.  finally though, food arrived and my burger was placed in front of me.  once adding some mustard i cut my burger in half and took the first bite and wow!  this was probably the best burger i had ever eaten!!!  it wais moist and flavourful with the blue cheese melted perfectly and mixed with the mayo and tomato relish each bite was probably even more delicious.  to top it off i had a pot of skinny fries cooked to perfection to eat along with my burger, which put me into a very happy sunday food coma.although i was starting to feel full from the burger, i was well tempted into dessert and went with their berry crumble.  it came in its own little ramekin with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  this was a seriously tasty crumble, very berry tasting but not overly sweet and the vanilla ice cream was super vanilla-y and good.  perfect way to end the meal!!the only small negative i found about Elbow was that our waitress seemed a bit surly or put off by our large party.  i'm not sure why as we weren't rowdy and made sure to be polite and also there wasn't really many other people in the bar besides us.  not sure if she was just having a bad day or didn't particularly like the look of our large group, but it would have been better if she'd had a smile on her face instead of seeming annoyed by us.surly waitress aside, the food in Elbow is seriously good and i am definitely planning to head back here for another burger!
4	The Elbow is open again contrary to a lot of postings on the internet.  New management, new menu, new standards, new vibe!  Don't miss it.
