5	I used another company for years to rebuild transmissions for our family , they moved to the East Valley so I went looking around for a good transmission shop. Every awesome mechanic I knew said the only one they would go to was A to Z. I called around for pricing , all the firm prices I got from reputable shops were over $1800 , I made a Visit to A to Z transmissions after an initial phone quote of $1050. As I arrived I remembered that I had looked into renting space next door to them and remembered the landlord saying that they had been there forever , were good tenants , weren't leaving and worked late alot of nights to get projects done. That didn't affect me one way or another as a tenant , but now it sounded pretty good as a customer. They drove my truck , told me the same thing as my mechanic , hooked up a diagnostic tool to it and quoted the same price as over the phone and included all the things that the $3500 companies said I wouldn't get for that price. Before they would take my keys they let me know that there could be things broken that they couldn't tell and those items on my transmission could be up to $500 but wouldn't proceed without my ok. I picked up my truck a few days later and it ended up costing within $4 of the original Estimate , none of the $500 was needed. The truck runs like it is new. They gave me a 24,000 mile 2 year warranty and went over specifically all of the terms of that. Not like they didn't want to be liable , but so my transmission would outlast the original one. I never got the feel here that this shop was out for the money , just to provide a good service for a fair price. I am a locksmith in Surprise and I will go through more transmissions with the miles our family drives , every one of them will go to a to z. I rarely write reviews , but feel I'm fortunate to find this shop and that they're close to my home.
1	I suggest that you dont consider this shop for any repairs. I had my 03 trailblazer tranny rebuilt, it was ok for a couple months, then i started having issues with the tranny. I took it back and the owner paul told me that its because if my cam sensor, and my computer for the truck might be bad. So i took it to the dealer and had them ck it out. My computer was fine, but the cam sensor was bad, dealer also noted that transmission did have a slip and that it needed ckecked out. Ok no problem i replaced the sensor ck engine light went off but the transmission was still acting up. So i took it back to Paul he said that the its not his transmission, it was my computer, i told him i had it checked out and that the dealer told me it was fine, then he started to tell me in a very angry voice that the dealer was wrong and that they just want to sell me a transmission. Then he said i could use his guy to ck my computer and that it would be $150 to have it checked. At this point im frustrated cause he keeps telling me its not his transnission. So i go get a 2nd opinion and that guy told yes your tranny has an issue. So i took it back to paul and he got very angry and started yelling that everyone but him was lying to me. At this point I'm 2500 miles from the warranty being up. I got a job shortly after and it requires lots of driving so i quickly went over the miles for warranty. And now that is out of warranty he is not responsable for it anymore. Im over the milage warrenty but still got 7 months left till the 2 year is up.Needless to say i have 18 months and 29,000 miles on it and the transmissiin blew again.I will never recommend this shop, he is a hack and very arrogant. I will proceed with a small claims case to try and get some of the money i lost back.I gave him a 1 star just because there wasn't an option for a negative star..AVOID AVOID AVOID THIS SHOP!!!!!!!!
5	I had wonderful service from A to Z transmission.  My tahoe needed a rebuilt transmission and a new head for the motor  they had it done in 2 weeks and it's running better than ever. Super friendly and reasonably priced. They had lower prices than anywhere in town and educated me on my truck and gave me tips on how to prolong the life of my transmission while towing my boat. I would highly recommend this place to get your vehicle worked on.
1	We took a van of ours to them for a transmission issue and after multiple times trying to fix it we ended up taking it to another company who repaired it properly for $2500 after we had already paid A to Z about $2500 to fix it the first time. We actually were awarded $1000 on this deal from small claims court but the owner has not paid yet.
5	Could not have hoped for better experience or value.Paul, the owner was refreshingly straightforward and upfront with me at every turn.  I was fortunate to need a routine rebuild and no hard parts as he advised they were still in good condition.  He also recommended I have my rear seal replaced as well while the transmission was out- I was going to ask for it anyway, but he was forward-thinking.  Right on!  Only an extra $60...I'd be a FOOL not to!Paul's receptionist was very friendly and responsive too.  When it came time to pick up my truck, my bill was lower than expected (I actually "bragged" about it on a Ford forum) and Paul went over the warranty in specific detail.  I found it very fair, reasonable, and generous...2 years?  That's a big warranty period.I should note that my family has long been in the auto business around Phoenix going all the way back to the '40's.  That's a crap-ton of years in parts sales, service, body work, even management.  I KNOW full well how irrational and outrageous people can be about their vehicles- especially when it comes to repairs and blaming the shop first and always.  It's complete nonsense sometimes.  Not at all saying that bad things don't happen- they do and will with ALL business, but reasonable efforts by both parties can be attained.  Only one such business failed in those efforts with me in my 29 years of experience with cars/trucks in Phoenix.Anyway, I know this business has been around for a lot of years now...was it 14 they said?  No matter.  I had a great experience and will confidently speak well of A to Z.  I even waited 2 months before writing my review to both gauge the work done and allow for my thoughts to be clear and mellowed out.Nice job A to Z- This was not even my first choice for transmission work as I have friends who own a shop but were too backed up at the time while I had this emergency event.  Very pleased!
