4	A nice old-fashioned theatre and a suprisingly good acoustics for a rock band concert. The decor is old fashioned but elegant and the bar service was reasonably good. Getting in and out seemed relatively easy without long waits. I wasn't with any ladies, but if the huge queue for the Gents is anything to go off I would worry about the Ladies too.
4	There is a variety of theatres in Edinburgh and this one is perhaps the most centrally located. There is a huge selection of restaurants, bars and cafes nearby and Waverley station is only two minutes walk.Of all the theatres in Edinburgh, this is probably the fun one. By fun I mean it hosts shows such as Mary Poppins, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, High School Musical and We Will Rock You. So you can have some culture without being too serious and experience some of West Ends finest shows in Edinburgh. As Edinburgh is undoubtedly world renowned for its culture (Edinburgh Festival anyone?) there is bound to be a show on here that tickles your fancy.  The theatre itself is quite big, if a little cramped and uncomfortable. I took my mum to see Mary Poppins here for her birthday and we were in the very last row with my knees were around my ears. There is the standard refreshments available, which are grossly overpriced. My advice is sneak in some juice and sweets to nibble on in the interval.
4	The Playhouse is Edinburgh's premier venue for catching the big shows; it manages to bring a little bit of London's west end magic to the top of Leith Walk. If Lloyd Webber musicals are your thing, then this is the place for you. I have to admit that as a child, I loved a good show and my parents brought me here to see such 'masterpieces' as Les Miserable and Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat. Thankfully, I grew out of that phase and my visits to the Playhouse became a distant memory. However, I heard some amazing reviews of the Mary Poppins show that visited late last year and my sister and I thought it would be fun to see it. The show was excellent and the Playhouse was a wonderful venue to see it in, inside everything was just as opulent as I remembered and it still felt magical when the curtain went up. I doubt I'll become a regular visitor, but I wouldn't balk at the idea of going back to see something else. Who's up for Chitty Chitty Bang Bang?
3	This is the biggest theatre in Edinburgh and plays host to many brilliant musicals such as Les Miserables, We Will Rock You,  Mamma Mia, Blood Brothers, The Phantom of the Opera and many more. To be honest, when you're going to see anything mentioned above, you don't pay much attention to the surroundings.I am a regular to the theatre as I play the violin and am often playing as a stand-in for the orchestra's. Not many people see the orchestra pit - and if I were reviewing it it would be getting 1 star - but to be honest you can always tell the standard of a theatre by the way back-stage is treated.  It is nice to look at - the red velvet seats and sweeping gold balconies are very impressive. the bar, however, is a bit run-down and the foyer could do with a lick of paint. As with all theatres, the seats are crammed in - i would thoroughly recommend getting a seat at the aisle or at the front of a row.It suits its purpose as Edinburgh's biggest theatre, but it's no Carnegie Hall
4	There are many theatres in Edinburgh, and without a doubt, this is the most well known of them all.The Playhouse hosts the biggest and best shows all around, recently having Wicked, We Will Rock You and Mama Mia to offer theatre goers across the city. It tends not to offer the smaller, independant shows or less well known shows - but as I mentioned there are lots of other theatres for that. So if all singing, all dancing musical extravaganza's are your thing, this is the theatre you need to keep an eye on - there is always something to go and see.The theatre itself is one of the larger ones in the city, but the Playhouse has crammed as many seats as it can inside the hall meaning that it can get a bit cramped and uncomfotable, but really thats how it is in most theatres.Playhouse can get a bit expensive, but over all I do think it is worth it.
4	As the previous reviewers have highlighted, the Playhouse showcases the biggest touring productions, and brings a flavour of London's west end to Scottish soil. It holds over 3000 people, is gloriously ornate inside and has seen a number of big names over the years. Acts as diverse as Metallica and Neil Young have filled the premises with their dulcet tones, not to mention the number of smash hit west end musicals it has seen in its time. From the current Chitty Chitty Bang Bang to Cats, JC and more recently, Wicked, people travel from all over Scotland to see plays, bands, musicals and comedy acts in this hall.Yes the paint may be chipping, the seats slightly frayed and the bar is a bit trodden, but these aspects can be found in most theatres. I don't tend to frequent theatre bars since they're always overpriced and a bit shabby, which is a surprising general rule in my experience (even on Broadway believe it or not!) So I would advise you occupy one of the surrounding bars before the show - they are in plentiful supply. As for paint peeling, I always feel it adds to the charm of a theatre - although perhaps the Playhouse should maybe give it a freshening up as Emily suggested. But I love the Playhouse. You get a great view all around, even from the Gods, and it has come a long way since it was one of the great Scottish picture houses all those years ago.
4	I've got some pretty good memories of Edinburgh Playhouse, all of which being from school trips which were more about the banter on the bus than the actual performance.  We went to see Shakespeare's 'The Winter's Tale' in 2007 and, whilst the play itself was pretty boring, the venue and the experience as a whole was excellent.  We were sitting on the front row of the balcony upstairs, an asset which comes at no extra cost apparantly.  This inevitably meant that the people below us were bombarded by an endless volley of half-eaten sweets.  Despite this, the theatre has a great sense of occassion, contributed to further by the grandeur of the decor and the detail of its artwork.  Although refreshments are very expensive, the service is efficient and they have a good selection of snacks as well as alcoholic and soft drinks.Edinburgh Playhouse is an excellent venue and, whilst it isn't cheap, it shows a good range of performances to suit a variety of tastes.
4	The Playhouse is such an east end theatrical legend, having been around since the 1920s to provide Edinburgh citizens with their dramatic fix. The Playhouse used to be a cinema back in the day, but now hosts blockbuster productions, musicals and concerts that come to Edinburgh. This is the place for any major, big, shows that arrive in the capital, and it's a splendidly grand place to watch them too, with the largest capacity for musical performances in the UK apparently.I love going to the Playhouse, as dressing up for the theatre and joining the crowds of people arriving for the show always feels like a really traditional experience, which I think stems from seeing shows throughout my childhood, and getting really excited about going to see a show. The interior of the The Playhouse looks very ornate and imposing, in a good way, and there are the usual bar facilities and a stand at the front entrance, where you can buy chocolate, sweets and popcorn. Personally, I'm always keen for the ice cream you can purchase at the interval, as it just seems like a really traditional, theatre activity to get involved in.
4	Everyone loves a good trip to the theatre, and each time I have been in Edinburgh, I have used the Edinburgh Playhouse.  I went a couple of years ago to see 'Fiddler on the Roof', which was very well put together and thoroughly enjoyable in itself.  As a theatre, this venue does not disappoint.  There's all the little details that help make a trip to the theatre memorable, for me at least.  The ornate decoration of the auditorium.The slow dimming of the house lights as the show is about to begin.The safety curtain that only seems to come down in the interval, and is never down before the show, which always confused me.The ice cream sellers in the interval, who serve small tubs of pretty expensive ice cream.The Playhouse has been around in Edinburgh for a long time, and I hope that there are many more years to come at this great venue.  Although theatre tickets are not amazingly cheap, it is well worth a visit, if even just for the experience.
5	Originally opened in 1912 as a cinema. A good place to see a show. Wether it be annual event, work night out, or just go with friends. There is also a friendly ghost in here lives behind the stalls area. His name is Albert.
3	The Playhouse is Edinburgh's main musical theatre, where others concentrate on new writing, opera and dance, it is mainly musicals at the Playhouse. Musicals and big stand-ups on tour.Anyway I have been there a few times recently and I have been impressed by the musicals they've been attracting. Avenue Q in particular. The Playhouse is part of the Ambassadors Group and tends to get big West End shows that are on tour around UK.My only complaint is that the sound quality for Spamalot the other night was not so good. There were some problems that meant the clarity particularly of the first few songs was rather impaired. This being a comic musical the words are all important.Its situation is bang in the middle of the gay bars, with straight punters having to walk past Habana and CCs to get to the straighter Theatre Royal Bar.
4	I can remember coming here when I was just a wee lass, and I don't think much has changed since then. It's got that old fashioned, retro and nostalgic feel to it. The big bags of Opal Fruits might now be called Starburst but everything else is the same.It features some of the best shows to come to Edinburgh. I recently saw Avenue Q and Dara O'Briain here - both brilliant shows in and of themselves. The theatre, as it's old, did get quite warm. And there is hardly ANY leg room (this is coming from me and my mighty 5'4 stature.) I think even some seats have less leg room than other. It goes with the old-fashioned territory, back in the day when everyone was shorter (I imagine?)So if you can get past the no leg room and rather cosy atmosphere, it's got old world charm, it features brilliant shows, it's got the gaudy fake gold paint and lush, but slightly worn, carpets and I still like it.I can imagine the lack of leg room will discomfort a lot of people - so again, just be warned when booking. Otherwise, it's a good central location, there's a taxi rank right outside (although obviously expect to queue) and as Seth E has noted, they really do attract the big and best shows.
4	Visited here to see Steve Wozniak speak... Staff were efficient at helping you find your seat. We were in the cheap seats downstairs but still had ample view of the stage. Not bottlenecks leaving the theatre.
5	Been to The Playhouse on few occassions and I definatley think i will make an effort go so see some more shows! Great location, easy to find your way around in!! I love the old fashioned decor too!Possbily a wee yelp night here sometime in future?! :)
4	As someone from only just across the pond separating Edinburgh and Fife, if you wanted top class theatre entertainment you would automatically head to the Playhouse. When the playhouse changed hands roughly 5 years ago from LiveNation theatres to ATG big changes happened including even better entertainment!From dance & drama to musical theatre and psychics the playhouse has it all. With the largest auditorium in the UK...People automatically say that if your sitting in the Upper circle  (The Gods), the view is atrocious and I'm here to say its not. There is no where in the playhouse which is a dreadful view.Only downsides to this venue would be the staff which are constantly trying to ram merchandise down your throats, and then of course the prices of refreshments at both the bars and kiosks in the foyers.Other than that, its a wonderful theatre bringing the top of UK touring shows to Edinburgh.
4	Due, no doubt, to its being the largest working theatre in the whole of the UK, the Playhouse always has an impressive programme. There are a lot of seats to fill, and there are plenty of other venues in Edinburgh playing to the more adventurous, so there's nothing to criticise about the fact that the Playhouse caters to a popular audience. Large-scale touring musicals (usually from London's West End) are the main bill of fare, with big-name musicians and successful TV comedians forming the bulk of the rest.As you'd expect, it can deal with pretty much any technical requirement. The stage is enormous, and the lighting demands the Playhouse accommodated for the Joe Bonamassa concert last month were pretty jaw-dropping. I think it might have been the most complex rig I've ever seen.The first time I came here (to see "Oliver!" - Samantha Barks was playing Nancy) I was amazed at its apparent application of timelord technology. It looks so weeny from the front, but inside... golly. It just goes on and on. I don't just mean the capacity, but the fact is that the seats in the balcony aren't as steeply raked as many other theatres so the rows are more widely spaced; there was sufficient leg-room even for a giantess of my lengthy proportions. Joy! That does mean, however, that the back row is really quite far back, but the sightlines from just about anywhere in the main auditorium are pretty faultless (even in "restricted view" seats).The only part that seems rather cramped is the foyer; there isn't much room for milling about pre-show. However, the front-of-house staff are all pretty perky; it's a marked contrast with theatres in London, which are peopled for the most part by out-of-work actors and generally have an air of wistful despondence as a result.One parting fact: I read recently that this was originally, when built in 1929, a cinema. A CINEMA. Oh, how I wish that cinemas these days had vaulted ceilings, gilded boxes, noble-featured statues and comfortable velvet seats. And Ambassador (Theatre Group), with zis four-month residency of ze Lion King you are spoiling us.
5	Went to the show "Jersey Boys" yesterday afternoon.  Absolutely terrific, what a show.  My era and I knew most of the songs.  Had forgotten how many hits The Four Seasons had.  We had a great time and the guys and girls on stage were given a standing ovation.  Well deserved too.  I would recommend this absolutely.Playhouse itself needs more Ladies loos (where doesn't?) and getting out of the theatre if you are anywhere near the front of the stalls is a nightmare.  Took about 10/15 minutes - just as well we had the choice of later trains.
3	I went to see this:Sixties Gold Edinburgh Playhouse 7.30pmNovember 10th 2014Date 27 of a substantial 40 date tour rock 'n' rolled into town Monday night as the Sixties Gold show arrived in Edinburgh.First up were The Fortunes. Jovial and well recieved by the audience, their strong vocal harmonies and tight arrangements made for a good start to the evening. One critisism would be that their set contained as many songs from the 70's as it did from the 60's. But this would prove to be a recurring theme throughout the night as other acts dipped into music from the 50's, 60's & 70's.Next up was Spencer Davis, who had been drafted in to make up for the absence of Gerry Marsden of Gerry & the Pacemakers fame (Marsden had taken ill prior to the tours Scottish dates). Backed by the Pacemakers house band, he managed to fumble through four of The Spencer Davis Groups hits from the 60's. It pains me to say it, but this was the low point of the evening. Spencer wasn't the lead vocalist on the aforementioned hits (Keep on Running, I'm a Man, Somebody Help Me, Gimme Some Lovin), so you could cut him some slack for the wobbly vocals, but even his guitar parts were below par and at times it looked and sounded as if he'd only just heard the songs prior to taking to the stage. I hope, as a fan of the original group, that he just had an off night.Brian Poole of The Tremeloes had also withdrawn from the tour due to illness and so it was up to his band mate Chip Hawkes to carry the torch. And carry it he did. He managed to get the crowd going again - the classic Twist & Shout had them dancing in the aisles. Good banter with the crowd in between songs made for an entertaining set. Hats off Sir!The Pacemakers Band resumed proceedings after the interval, playing a selection of the bands greatest hits, including the anthemic 'Walk On'. This for me was the highlight of the evening as - bar a few supporters of a particular Glasgow football team - the entire audience sang along in unison, lifting the atmosphere to euphoric heights. The Pacemakers may not be the original band, but they carried off all of the songs perfectly, both musically and vocally. They did their boss proud!A man I confess I knew little about before this show was P.J. Proby. A name I subsequently will be entering into the youtube search engine! It's sometimes easy to forget that some of the performers on this bill are in their twilight years, and as the big man exploded onto the stage you would be forgiven for thinking he was at least half his age (a sprightly 76!). Some strong vocal performances were delivered and some great tales of his time in the music business were sandwiched in between.All in all, thoroughly enjoyable.The Searchers finished the show off and seemed to go down well with the paying public. They didn't sound as accomplished as the Pacemakers, or indeed opening act The Fortunes, but by this time there were more than a few well oiled punters ready to party.
3	Beautiful old theatre with all the fancy cornicing and frilly bits you would expect from the Victorians.  As you would also expect from the Victorians there are nowhere near enough ladies toilets so go before you are absolutely desperate as you will be queuing! We had brilliant seats, thanks Santa Claus! and there was enough leg room for us - this might say more about the short legs of the females in our family though!
