5	The best in town.  A great manicure and pedicure at a resonable price.
5	I've been going to this nail spa for YEARS! I was recommended to this salon by a friend 6 years ago. The best spa pedicures EVER hands down and GREAT prices. I've since moved to CA, but I visit my parents frequently and I am ALWAYS sure to drive the 13 miles from my mom's house to THIS salon. I will not go anywhere else when I'm in town. I've had a manicure from here once and it was nice too. I just love love love their pedicures. I honestly haven't found a better place in Santa Barbara or LA where I live now.Even though I have been going to this salon for years, I still don't know anyone's name but the thin young girl with glasses and the man are my favorite. They are both very happy and friendly. The other staff is sometimes grumpy but they will still give a great spa pedi. It's nothing fancy but man if you want a good spa pedi and massage go here.
3	OK for the price 3-4 stars, for an awesome job 2-3!  Cheap, and better then I can do at home so it works on a budget or for something quick.  You can do a mani, pedi for 25 bucks!
5	I went to Bella Nails on a suggestion from a friend who told me how good their prices are. $10 for a mani, $16 for a pedi, and $25 for a mani/ pedi. I wasn't expecting much for the price.The atmosphere isn't great, the location is iffy, but other than that it was amazing! Very nice staff. My nail tech must have spent about 10 minutes massaging my legs and feet. 1 hour later I still feel like melted butter. I spent half as much as I normally spend for a pedicure but my nail tech gave one of the best pedis I have ever had. I'm hooked. The wait was pretty long so I'm going to start making twice monthly appointments. Highly recommended.
5	Awesome! She got out my ingrown!! Oh how good it feels! Will be back.
5	I have been coming here since I started teaching down the road 5 years ago.  My friend suggested we get a mani/pedi and this place ended up being GREAT!  The staff is very friendly and professional.  They are very up to date with all the new nail services such as gel, shellac, and metallic.  The atmosphere isn't the best (not new), but its still nice.  The prices are amazing and they give the best leg/arm massages ever!!  I come to this place almost every month and have always left very happy!  :-)
4	This salon was able to accomodate me and my sis in law last minute on a Saturday afternoon. We arrived and received service right away. The staff were friendly and attentive. We were both really pleased with our mani's and pedi's plus the price is decent. Pretty good spot when you're in need of some primping and pampering.
4	My mom and I went in without calling on a Saturday afternoon. They were able to do my mom's pedi and then my gel mani back to back, which worked for us since we like to chat while our nails are being done. They didn't have an abundance of polish colors and a lot of them were outdated, but my mom found a color she ended up being really happy with. I'm very happy with the gel French mani I got, but we'll see how long it lasts. The shop is clean and the employees are friendly and efficient. The total for both of us was $44. We will definitely go back.
1	I'm sitting here watching them NOT clean my cuticles after I asked them to redo it. Definitely won't be coming back here. How did this place get 4 stars??
5	I have been going to this salon for over 10 years (since I moved to AZ).  In that 10 years, they have only raised their prices ONCE, and it was by ONE DOLLAR!!!!!  I would pay them more for what they do.  Their pedicures are the best in the country!  They are cheap, and they give you an awesome, long massage.  Twice in the 10 years I've been going, they've closed for a month to go back to Vietnam for family obligations.  I've gone elsewhere to get pedicures,and always leave WISHING I HADN'T!!!!!!  NO PLACE CAN COMPARE!!!!  I've been charged twice the amount for half of what they do!!!  Hannah, Danny, Ivy and Sue are all awesome, and I will NEVER go anywhere else again, no matter HOW BAD my toes look!!!!  I will wait for them!!!!!  Nobody can hold a candle to them!10 years, and I've never had any problems with 'getting anything' - they are very sanitary.
