4	I felt that I had to visit the site of my old favorite K-Mart store.  Sears turned it into an outlet of sorts.  It is an interesting place.  I am looking for a refrigerator so I thought that I should start here.   They have some great prices on appliances.  Most are about 40 to 50% off of MSRP.  Some have dings, are a year or two old.....etc., but worth the money.  I had a look around.  They are not pushy, but willing to talk.  The building is about 1/3 occupied.  It is kind of creepy.  A lot of dead space in the store.  It used to be a large functional K-Mart.  Now it is a functioning outlet store with a skeleton staff.I found some great buys on kids clothes.I will return to get a refrigerator some time in the next few months.  I was actually surprised to find some decent brand news (e.g. Kenmore Elite, etc.).  In the back they have some odds and ends like coffee makers, towels, sheets, etc.It is a fun time had by all :)
4	I just happen to stumble upon this place. If you need appliances they have real good deals.
4	Patience is a virtue. If you don't have any then come here.I've purchased a dishwasher, oven stove, dryer, and Blue tooth keyboard from here.  For the major items I did my research on consumer reports and looked online and shopped at the regular Sears store before purchasing.  I did save minimum of 40% off MSRP of Kenmore Elite appliances here.  No problems yet for the past 2 years.  I just got my LG dryer here which works great.  I had to get the washer at another Sears outlet, but wish I was able to get them both here (the other Sears Outlet had poor service).  Interestingly being from the same company name, they are competitors.  Although it seems like there is a high turnover of workers here, what is consistent is the sale items.   I would recommend coming here and try to negotiate further, but before you do, please do your home and research because especially when you need a washer and dryer, it seems that all the sears outlets carry a lot of dryers and not the matching washer, but if you are patient you can find the matching pair here or another store.  They are good with helping you load your purchase and securing it to your vehicle.
5	Completely agree with all the other reviewers!  Grat deal but the place is very "creepy".  It's worth it though for the discount prices on big ticket merchandise.  I didn't buy anything because I was going with a friend but will be back if I need any large appliance or bed.
4	As sketchy as this place may look, they have smokin' deals. You need patience to go through the clothing, but if you take your time, you'll find some quality pieces. I purchased two pairs of jeans, one shirt, three pairs of pajama pants, one sweater, and two tank tops for about 27 bucks.
2	All of the charm of Goodwill, none of the odor.
1	Nobody greeted us or asked if we needed help. Spencer's, has the same prices but brand new appliances.
2	Welcome to the Island of Broken Toys!I drove past here on my way to a lunch meeting and decided to stop in after on the way back.  The parking lot is run down and almost deserted.  When you come in, you are struck by the rows and rows of clothing in this three storey factory setting (see photo).   Almost all of the appliances are slightly damages in some way, but as Yelp'er Nikki K has pointed out: "they have smokin' deals" and  yes, it feels very "sketchy" and "creepy". To give you one example of the mark-downs, they had dented 29 cu in Kitchen-aid "french door" refrigerator marked down nearly a $900 to $2,249.  I'm sure there's a way to take the dent out, but maybe not.  Still that's a great price.
1	We absolutely needed a new washer and dryer, so I went to Sears Outlet on my lunch hour to see what they had in stock. That bad choice gave me indigestion...First, no one greeted me. There was someone at the register facing the doors when I walked in, and I never heard a hello.Second, no one helped me. I was in the washer/dryer section for around 20 minutes and even tried to find a salesperson (actually saw a couple walk by) to help me understand the differences in the various models, but no one stopped.Third, minimal organization. They had multiple units of several models scattered around the appliance section. It looked like they tried to organize it at one point and keep the same models together, but then gave up. It was very overwhelming walking through the selection and not being sure if you were seeing the same models in each row.Fourth, exaggerated pricing. I later went to Spencer's, Home Depot and Lowe's and found that the prices at the Sears Outlet were the same for comprable models found at the other retailers. (Seriously... I took photos of the info/price tags at each location.)I know that at least Lowe's and Home Depot have free home delivery AND will haul away the old units for you. Not the case for Sears Outlet. Considering the pricing is the same, I'm not sure what the advantage is.Sorry, Sears Outlet. You lost my business.
4	We have come here twice to buy dishwashers for the home we live in, as well as our rental home. Both times we have been pleased with the deals we got. It is not an aesthetically pleasing store. It is pretty dingy, but if it means I save money on my appliances simply because the manufacturer was overstocked, then I am fine with that. I can overlook the dirtiness. The salespeople I have worked with have all been very nice, too.
1	We have a lot of Sears appliances in our remodeled kitchen but I would not recommend Sears to anyone given their service policy. Their labor rates have just been jacked up sky high, and it's up to the Technician as to how much they charge. I needed them to repair my Sears Kenmore Elite microwave which was past warranty. They diagnosed the magnetron as being bad. The part is $100 and the labor cost is $300. They have NO flexibility on their labor cost since the rude technicians make all the decisions. Obviously it is not worth repairing when I can buy a new unit for about the same price. Sears apologized for the service but then said; "there's nothing we can do about it. Your problem, not ours." Needless to say we will be shopping at other stores from now on. Sears puts their name on the same products as other manufacturers and the only difference is the name (and of course, the Service). Best to go with a company with good service technicians.
