5	Shutterbooth was my first experience with this sort of event addition and our guests absolutely loved it.  Our event is Mardi Gras themed, so its pretty much a party all around and yet everyone raved about the Shutterbooth.  It's a great way to get people to loosen up, laugh and capture great memories from the evening.  Putting on nonprofit fundraising events are always challenging in trying to keep costs low, while making the experience worth it for guests to attend.  Art is very easy to work with and generously helps out a lot of charities in our area. I actually got the opportunity to work with Shutterbooth on another occasion and it was the same positive response.  Definitely worth it!
5	I do love me a Shutterbooth. Strips of glossy, free photos and props down in front? Hellz to the yeah.I've hopped into a Shutterbooth a few different times at various Charlotte events - fundraisers, movie premieres, parties, etc. And every single time I hold on to that photo strip for quite a while...Here's some solid info about Shutterbooth for you photo fiends...1. You can fit up to 15 people in 1 booth2. All images are high res (and you can also view them afterwards at shutteryou.com)3. You can have a customized logo for your event that gets printed at the bottom of every photostrip4. At weddings or special events, they can create a scrapbook with copies of all the strips that get taken so people can sign as the night goes along!So, yeah, I love taking random and funny photobooth pics and Shutterbooth is super freakin' fabulous.
5	ShutterBooth was a huge hit at our wedding! Our guests had a blast dressing up and posing in the booth! It created a great memory for them and the scrapbook is a great keepsake for us!
5	I will never have another party without them!!! What a great party favor... I just had the booth at my wedding and my guests had so much fun with this! Best part is I get to keep every photo taken that night... the memories are endless! Awesome company, great service, very professional and reliable and a really good time!
5	What a great thing to have around for weddings and parties.  I'm a fan.
5	Shutterbooth is like an ice breaker at summer camp. Well, actually it is way better. But it breaks the ice better than any human pretzel I have ever been a part of. They are super turn key and great with followup and confirmations. They were early for my event (they literally BUILD the booth) and were polite and engaging throughout. People love the photo strips and printing is included in the price so if someone has too much champagne punch and goes a little photo crazy no extra money out of your wallet!
5	We hired ShutterBooth for our daughter's wedding in Asheville NC. We live in Miami so had no prior experience with this company. We were not disappointed! The host was efficient and professional and did a terrific job ensuring that our guests signed the memory book. EVERYONE had a terrific time with the props and got a fun photo strip keepsake. You can go in booth as many times as you want and each person gets their own (quality) photo strip w/ the couple's logo, plus, the bride and groom got their own copy of every photo in an awesome memory/guest book. We also received a DVD soon after the event. ShutterBooth was worth EVERY PENNY and truly helped make the reception a blast!!! I highly recommend them. Tip: We originally had reserved 4 1/2 hrs (6:30-11pm) but added an hour to our event time so the booth was there until the reception was over at midnight. It cost extra but we are SO GLAD that we did because many guests were too busy partying and used the booth the last hour. Some of the best photos were from that later hour;)Tip 2: We got the bookmark sleeves which were a nice protection for photos and were a hit! (They mailed them to me in advance and I added twine/ribbon to coordinate with the event.)
5	Would highly recommend! We used them for our Asheville wedding on June 7th. Excellent customer service and communication, from planning up through our wedding. This company was a little pricer than other ones we compared it to, but we believe we got so much more out of Shutterbooth than the other companies offered. The host did a great job organizing the booth, and he was very patient with managing all the kids that were obsessed with the booth and over-taking it at times! We got all the digital pictures back in about a week, which were a lot of fun to go back through. The photobooth was definitely one of the more popular features of our reception. Thanks Shutterbooth!
