4	As a fan of the Attic, upon hearing the news of changes I was a bit skeptical, but I have to say I really like the new space. Not only is the bar the whole top level (Madisson's is gone as well), the patio is larger (the website says 1,000 sq feet), the ladies room is larger, and there are two tap tables. The bars have been condensed into one long piece, running about 2/3 of the way down the wall. A huge dance area, a few games, a photobooth, and scattered high tops fill the large space. There is also seating along some of the back walls with a wide bar height ledge, and a nice window between the porch and the bar so you don't have to go back inside to order your drink!I have to note I stopped in during one of their slower times, so I have no idea how maneuverable the place is at capacity. (which I was told it had reached a few weekends in a row) The bartenders were courteous, the music was only deafening at random, and overall I was pleased with it. Oh, and apparently they sell popcorn and hot dogs.
2	After going here a few times, I wanted to like this place, I really did. But it's not happening for me. It's a decent spot to go to for an after work drink. Well, the patio area at least. This place is dark with a capital D so I can see it being more of a night time bar to go to as opposed to right after work if you don't work in the Uptown area. And it doesn't smelled like piss and broken dreams like the Attic used to so that's a selling point.However the bartenders?  The guy bartenders totally know what they are doing as opposed to the female ones who stared at me blankly when I asked for a beer. Also, when you're one of the only groups at the bar and there are the two chick "bartenders" (using that term so loosely right now) who are too deep into a conversation of their own to get you a drink, not appreciated.
2	Annoying music, groping hands galore, and a smelly smoke filled outdoor balcony spells trouble for me. This place is not my cup of tea. That being said I cannot attest to the drink qualities, prices, or specials..I wouldn't come back on my own.
2	I'm prohibiting myself from going back.  I mean, it's small, can become overcrowded and nothing spectacular.  I need more.....period.  If I'm going to spend my money on spirits and a good time I know me well enough to know this place isn't going to cut it.  Best thing about the place is the photo booth in the corner of the bar.  Congrats to the marketing team for putting it there.  Other than that....not impressed.
1	Run of the mill bar with dirty floors and extremely loud music.
1	Typical college-y bar feel. $5 cover for... what? I hate that I get charged cover to go into a bar. I live in San Francisco, and there's never a cover charge (and the bars are way better). And if there is a cover charge, it's because the place is actually freaking great, and it's usually worth it. Crowd was meh. Typical creepers trying to dance with you or stare you down every 5 seconds. Girls way too dressed up to be at such a casual bar (almost reminded me of a really dark and gloomy sports bar).I like that this place has an outside deck as well as a nice air conditioned inside. Very large dance floor, and a large bar area, making it somewhat easier to get a drink. What really concerned me more than anything was the poor choice of music. I think I heard "apple bottom jeeaaansss... boots with the furrrr" about 3 times in the matter of an hour. Talk about overplayed AND completely not current. I didn't hear one current hit in the entire bar. The DJ was only playing songs that were hits 4 years ago over and over again. I had a fun time ONLY because I was with awesome people. The bar had nothing to do with my fun night. At all.
5	Went there friday and saturday with buddies from out of state...great times, awesome prices on drinks.  Good to find a place uptown that isn't so expensive to drink.
2	This place is Charlotte's latest flavor of the week -- and the taste ain't all that sweet!A coming together of the old Madison's and The Attic -- Prohibition is the kind of place you go to "dance" but never get to do so because the place is so crowded you spend the entire time bumping into strangers trying to find air to breathe, let alone the space to shake your tailfeather!All of that and a $5 cover? Sorry, no thanks.Kudos to the management for expanding the outdoor patio area from the old Attic -- which I used to love -- however its less than ideal now with all of the smokers that congregate outside. Oh well!To this place's defense, they are currently a victim of their own success and I've only been on the weekends. Always happy to see a new business thrive but I will be avoiding this place until the "new car" scent wears off!
2	Oh, the watered down drinks... When I went there, it wasn't so crowded and I went there with a group of friends. The planning of the bar was interesting though, how back in the prohibition days, they had to walk upstairs to get drinks. So they modeled this bar after that.I started ordering drinks when I got up there, you know cranberry vodka, long island. The cranberry vodka was extremely watered down, it basically was water when I was drinking it. The long island wasn't so great as I was hoping, it came out to be a little sour.The patio is out there, but there are a lot of smokers. That is basically all who stays out there, just full of smoke. Nothing wrong with it, just not where I would hang out. Anyways, I went on a Friday night and it wasn't too bad. Crowd got a little rowdy around 11, but then around 1 everyone was at that point, falling while dancing, and getting a little crowded. And the DJ was ADD, as he kept changing songs every 10 seconds not even letting it play when we danced.Overall, it's not so great, but there's a lot of room for improvement.
2	Ummm...no thanks. Unless you are 20, prob don't want to hang here. Typical college bar, but not fun. As a happily married 30-something, wow did I feel out of place. Like I might get arrested just for being there, under some sort of age-mandated "Creeper" law. Cheap drinks just can't save this place.
4	One of my favorite places to visit. For an Uptown spot, the music is usually on point. The guy/girl ratio is pretty good and the women always appear to be above average looking. They get to capacity very fast on the weekend and the line to wait can be very long, usually so long, it goes past Ri-Ra's (the Irish bar next door). Sucks they have a $5 cover, but overall, it's pretty worth it. In closing, this is a really good spot, but you can grow tired of it really fast if you went every weekend. I'd keep my visits to once a month-every few months, so its always enjoyable when you go.
3	The music is great here and the atmosphere is pretty cool, too. However Blue Moon by the bottle is $4.25. pretty pricey if you ask me. Very casual dress, but I'll be back if I'm in town.
2	We wanted to check out one of the local bars after the Taste of Charlotte, and ended up choosing Prohibition since it had the upstairs patio. Sadly said patio was full to capacity when we went up, but there was plenty of free tables and space indoors, so we decided to grab a beer and a seat.I dug the interior of the place, which was dark, cool (temperature wise) and played decent music (no hip hop/rap/country). I liked how the walls had this old timey feel to them with these wooden panels. The bar stools were fairly comfortable, and they even had game five of the Stanley Cup finals on, so that was a plus.The bartender was friendly and our beers were served quickly. Prices were a bit steep ($5.25 a glass), which is always a little disheartening. What was even worse to see was that they didn't offer any food at all. Now there was no way we were going to order any food after taking in Taste of Charlotte, but when I grab a beer, I tend to couple it with chicken wings or some other finger food. The high price and lack of a food menu means there won't be a return trip planned for me. Next time I'm in the area I'll check out one of the other joints.
3	Since I moved here I'd been itching to throw on my dance shoes and tear up a dance floor. Finally I got my wish this past weekend and we headed to Prohibition. There were some great things about this place and some sorta not ok things about the place. First of all, I can have fun dancing pretty much anywhere. If I hear music, my body just has an involuntary twitch to it that makes me dance. It's really not my choice, it just happens. Grocery store, in the car, Mc Donalds, Petsmart, Dentist... it doesn't matter. My toes start a tappin and then the rest of me just follows. Life is much more fun that way, and you make new friends in the oddest of places... But back to Prohibition. Ok, number one I had on heels, and this place is upstairs. I'm not out of shape, but I didn't go out for the stair climbing... Once I bounded up the stairs in my lovely heels, I trotted off to the dance floor. They have a pretty cool outside patio once you get to the top of the stairs too, but my blinders were set and I was in shake my booty mode. There weren't many people dancing but I headed out there anyways and tried to make due. 2 other ladies hit the floor after that and then it was like a meat market... holy crap. I was afraid, so I backed off the dance floor and danced by our table instead. We got a couple drinks, had a good time, and they played songs from when I used to go out all the time. Maybe I'm old, but I loved that! However, I noticed the demographic didn't really match the music as there were plenty of young un's running around. Half of them were probably in elementary school when, "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson" was wailing through the club in my hey day. It was fine when we first got there, but around 11 or so it got packed. Like sardine packed and I started feeling claustrophobic. We all headed out to the deck where you could still hear the music, so my booty shakin commenced. But, we were thwarted once again when more people showed up and piled in the place. We were there for about 2 hours or less and I had a great time, but it's just a small place with lots of young people. I started feeling out of place as it got later. I'd probably go back, but I'd like to find some better options for someone, "My Age." Sigh.
2	The patio could be nicer for sure. The Apple Pie drink wasn't so great but the prohibition punch was pretty good. It did get kind of loud and annoying quickly right after we started our drinks.That being said, drinks were cheaper than other "speakeasy" themed bars I've been to, so that was nice.
3	This place is cool, the atmosphere is dark but cool.  We hung outside on the upstairs patio looking down on the street for some classic people watching and drink were cold and fast.
4	I actually really like this bar. Good mix of you younger people and although it was quite busy, it's big enough to handle the crowd. Music was good and we had a good type dancing without feeling like anyone was laughing at our lack of moves!! Outside area could potentially be really nice but could use some clean-up.
5	We came on a Thursday to be apart of their Trivia, but it finished. We got there around 8. Winners of the trivia gave us their pitcher of beer! Wonderful hospitality. Sad that we were the only ones there when the trivia was over. Bartender didn't approach us? We looked like we had "a meeting" haha. Anyway, it looks pretty cool inside. On the table, there is a tap where you just slide a card to get some beer. greattt!
2	Went here on two nights where it was pretty empty on BOTH nights, but walked by Sat night and saw so many people out on the patio. Wonder if it was Carrie Underwood fans or something since she had just performed nearby?!
3	First time last week after a Checkers game and it was pleasant.  Nothing extraordinary, but nothing terrible.  It was crowded, but it's a BAR.  Drinks were decent and not overly priced.  The patio was very chilled and not as "packed".  Would I be a "frequent" visitor here?  Probably not with all the other great bars around town, but it was a nice first time experience and would recommend that if you're new to Charlotte that you give it a try --at least once!
4	I really enjoy going to Prohibition. I enjoy the music and the fact I can dance my butt off no problem, and no one seems to mind what it looks like. Occasionally you'll get someone who wants to hit on you, but geeze take it as a compliment, and tell them to  keep moving buddy. This will happen at any bar, so no big deal to me.Sometimes Prohibition does get packed, and all of a sudden its a big sweaty dance party, but this is what I like when I want to have a fun time. It's not your 'chill' bar. This is where I go to shake it, and I love the crowd! Last visit here someone started a spin the bottle dance competition, you never know what you're going to get.Get there early enough and no cover!
3	This bar is super busy and packed, which means lots of body heat and sweat! YIKES! well lets just say its a fun place, but they need to get some fans or conditioning on the patio and indoors (it was super hot)
4	Charlotte's place to see and be seen in the uptown bar world.Things to know:-Prohibition will be PACKED on Friday and Saturday nights.-The staff features some of our city's best veteran high volume bartenders. Nikki, Ashlee, Matsui... just to name a few. These kids can sling some drinks. The place may be packed, but you won't have to wait long to get a drink.-The patio is one of the best people-watching spots in uptown... especially if there is some sort of festival/big event happening. Speed Street and CIAA magic here.-There's always drink specials or some type of fun event happening. Ladies night, post-concert parties, Bobcats/Checkers pregame, etc. Right now, Tuesday nights everything is half price. Can't beat that if you're out on a school night.-Usually a $5 cover on weekends. You will find this at several uptown places.I don't dance, but I always love the music. The dance floor is always packed. Okay, well sometimes I pretend to dance.This used to be the old Attic and Madison's. It looks so much better combining the two spaces into one bar.I love to pop in here for a drink when I'm out and about in uptown. I always see a familiar face and have a great time. A few of Charlotte's best service industry peeps are behind this place and they know what they're doing. Cheers to the crew at Prohibition!
5	Excellent bar! We were staying in the area and checked it out on a whim. Attentive bartenders, yummy drinks and cheap cheap cheap! Please open in Raleigh!
4	I came here with a group of 5 girls celebrating a birthday on a Friday night, and I had a great time here. The bar wasn't too crowded around 9:30, and we were able to sit and hang out. The reason why we went here at all was because I am a fan of Drinking Made Easy, and in their Charlotte episode they came to Prohibition and got 2 drinks: One called a Chocolate Covered Strawberry shot, and the other was called American pie martini. When we got there, we were served by the bartender in the show! I was so excited, but tried to not be a huge dork (I may have only marginally succeeded). She made us the chocolate covered strawberry which includes strawberry moonshine, and was quite a large shot. None of us could take it down in one go at it. We also had the American pie, which is made with whipped cream vodka, and it was delish as well, although she told us she was out of the crushed graham cracker crumbs that normally rim the glass. Overall, great experience, I would definitely recommend. If you get there before 10:30, no cover!
3	This place is the definition of a 3 star bar in my book.  It's loud, packed full of people on the weekends, rowdy, has music bumping, and it's got a decent selection of beers on draft.  If that is your scene, then you will probably give this place 4 stars.  I'm into a little bit more laid back atmosphere and it's my review so I give it 3.
4	Yup, it's got a dive bar feel but that's okay, it works for them.  Cheap drink specials, free popcorn, and a good band made this visit a fun time.  Definitely worth a visit
4	Extremely friendly bartender that served us.  Will definitely return next time when we are in the area.
2	I probably won't be back here. The atmosphere sucked and it was too dark. The bartender was nice and assertive, I just felt really bored at this bar and the place was pretty empty.
