5	Being from California, on any day of the week you can get a mani/pedi/eyebrow wax all in one visit for less than $30 including tip.  So you can imagine my frustration, moving to Vegas and realizing that nail salons want to charge you an arm and a leg for their services.  Okay okay, I'm exaggerating!  I was thrilled when my friend introduced me to Escape salon.  They have the best collection of nail polish, including O.P.I. and Essie.  Seriously, there's every color you can imagine.  They charge $15 each for a manicure and pedicure.  I've tried out a couple of salons and this is as cheap as it gets.  Plus, they do a great job!  They're all really friendly and even offer you something to drink.  If I wasn't such a poor college student, I'd be visiting more often.  Check it out!
5	The nail technicians here are awesome! They are friendly, clean, efficient  and do a great job. We (my mom and I) hate spending $100 for two mani/pedis when they do a horrible job and for once were happy due to yelpers! This is a must stop for pedicures. I would suggest making an appointment before going.
5	Friendly and excellent service, large polish selection! I called and made an appointment for the same day. I got their basic pedicure service, which was only $20 but they have $30 and $40 packages as well. What made a good impression on me is that they don't have the overpowering chemical smell as most nail places. Maybe it's because they are a full-service salon (mani/pedi, massage, hair salon, make-up, eyelash extensions)
5	A GREAT PLACE.  I am from CA and visiting LV for the CES.  After a long day of walking around with my wife, we needed a place to help ease the pain.  So, a friend recommended us to try Escape Salon and Spa.  Wow, we are pleased to say, we entered feeling tattered, we left feeling great.Jodie was very pleasant and an expert in enhancing the outer beauty of my wife.  Nith was very helpful toward answering her questions regarding what services were available and our choices.Next time we are in town, we will definitely visit them again...highly recommended.
5	My wife found this place on Yelp.  She wanted to get a manicure and pedicure without paying the crazy prices on the strip.  We made appointments that same day and were taken in right away.I'm not an expert on manicure and pedicures.  But I have to say they were very thorough and did an great job with my hands and feet.  My wife happened to tell me that this was one of the best manicures and pedicures she's ever gotten.  We're sure to visit again on our next trip to Vegas
5	While being in Vegas for a few days I wanted to have nice fresh hair. My roots were out and my bangs were long. I just couldn't stand it anymore, so I decided to come here after reading some of the reviews.I came in for a retouch and a cut. I was very nervous since I only go to one place to get my hair done. Also, because I am very picky!Duke was the one who did my hair. He was phenomenal! I love how everything turned out. I'm extremely picky with my layers, but he did wonders! My color turned out great! I was very pleased! :)I highly recommend Escape Salon & Spa. For all your cuts & colors Duke is the one to go too!
2	I wanted to get my nails done is Vegas without paying Strip prices so I looked up this place and it had pretty decent reviews. Needless to say, i was pretty disappointed. I got Black French tips for $20 which I'll admit is a pretty good price. As for the quality, I wasn't really happy with it. The guy that was working on my nails did not have a steady hand so you can clearly see that the edges of the polish is jagged. Then when he was cutting my cuticle, I don't think he knew what I meant when I said "OUCH". When he was finally done I realized I that 6 of of my 10 fingers were bleeding...pretty bad too. I thought maybe I was just unlucky and got the bad guy, but my friend who was sitting two chairs down from me also had the same complaints. She even got a across her fingertip...although I have no idea how that happened. Next time, I plan to stay on the strip rather than go through this pain again.
4	Very friendly staff.. Love the service!
4	My family was in Vegas for a family event and I need a manicure and my hair to get done, knowing the strip has ridiculous prices I wasn't about to do that. Looked up this salon on-line and was happy with the services, friendly staff and my hair and manicure was perfect.
