1	It is 8:30 PM - Amazon promised me my package by 8:00 PM Today with NO delivery at all. OnTrac's wonderful tracking service reads:Transaction  Date / Time  FacilityREDELIVER ON NEXT BUSINESS DAYJun 3 2013 8:30PMPhoenixUNDELIVERABLE - NEED GATE CODEJun 3 2013 8:29PMLet me first say, that my phone number is transmitted to OnTrac. All the driver needed to do is call me to let me know he / she was here and had a package to deliver. It would have taken him/her a minute. But obviously this was too much trouble. Driver probably was just too tired and decided to call it a day.A1 Courier (who Amazon formerly used for this kind of service) actually called me and said "Hi, we have a package to deliver, can you let us know how to get in to your complex?"I'm very disappointed that OnTrac couldn't get it together to call the customer. All I can say is that my package had better damn well be at my leasing office tomorrow. If not, there will be hell to pay. Way to make Amazon look bad OnTrac.
1	This company was supposed to send an academic book to my brother. After failing to do so, we drove to the branch in Phoenix where a staff member complained about how she was supposed to off the clock! We waited so long for the package once we got there. How unprofessional.
1	Customer service should extend from the headquarters, while in transit and directly to the customers door when you are a courier service. Today at 12:20pm (noon) I was on my way home in the Ocotillo area when I end up behind an ON TRAC van (with company log magnets on both doors). After following him about 1/2 mile up the road I put on my right blinker to turn, however the courier just yanked a right before me, with no blinker. The very first stop sign we approach, I have my left blinker on, however, the van driver in front of me, neither signaled to turn nor stopped, he just coasted straight through the stop sign turning left. After I'd come to a complete stop at the stop sign I turned left and proceeded down the curved road that I reside on. Once the courier driver sees my car in view approaching the back of his he hit his brakes and stopped in the middle of the street -- I came to a stop as well. He looked into his right arm rear view mirror and gave me the "annoyed face." My home was two houses up on the left, I just wanted to get home. I made eye-contact with him thru the mirror and he threw his hands up. I then made hand gestures to get permission to go around him. He shook his head yes and motioned me to go around him. I pressed my garage opener and pulled into my garage. Once in park, I went to check my mailbox to see if the rude driver was still in the street. He was. He got out of the van and started checking the tires -- all while in the middle of the street, no hazard lights -- then got back into van  and drove away. I'm not sure what his problem was, but he did not drive like nor possess the mannerism of anyone I would like to have delivering parcels at my front door. He was way too paranoid to be available to provide good customer service or to be driving the company logo-plastered van through traffic. I would have been horrified if he were actually in route to my home today. That would have been weird. I don't know who will be delivering my next parcel, but I know who it won't be.
5	It's never too late to deliver GOOD SERVICE. I ordered a piece of workout equipment a few days ago and today @ 10:12am -- it was delivered via an ON TRAC Courier. I was under the impression the parcel would be coming via FED EX, but somehow it was ON TRAC (and 2-6 days ahead of estimation). If you read my review of 9-months ago, then you know I was in no way looking forward to using their services [ever] based on their "random transit behavior" in residential traffic (on my street). However, today was different.  I can't say enough about the kindness of the gentleman courier who delivered my parcel today. He rang the door bell and was exiting my lawn by the time I got to the door. As he entered his van, he looked back and noticed that I was a female, he then yelled from the cab, "It's pretty heavy. Would you like me to take it inside for you?" "Oh no!," I said, "Thanks anyway." His response, "Well, I'm from the South, it's not a problem, I love to help." SOUTHERN CHARM wins every time. I 'skidaddled' (quickly tip toed across my lawn) over to the truck and said, "Me, too...". He said he was from Arkansas and continued to offer his services of carrying my  package inside. How kind of him. I looked at his van and said, "ON TRAC, huh? I can't wait to write a review on your safe delivery and awesome customer service." #WORD kept. I love writing POSITIVE REVIEWS. Thank you On Trac for giving me the  opportunity to do so, on your behalf. :-)
3	A common theme here it seems. I was supposed to receive an order from Amazon three days ago. OnTrac is the carrier. I've not only not received my package but cannot get ANY response from OnTrac other than a generic message saying they are researching the issue. Two phone calls not returned. Three emails not answered. Amazon is going to replace the order and will hopefully discontinue using this awful company. I would NEVER give them my business! UPDATE: This review brought immediate attention to the issue and it was handled very satisfactory.
