5	I can't believe that I am the first to write about this for Yelp!  Make Your Mark is just on of the few recent businesses to the Point Breeze Business District.  Just a mile from Shadyside, this district is all local.I am going to say that this may be the best coffee shop in town.1. its local2. great interior decor and lighting3. good, good food. Usually cafe in Pittsburgh food is blah, blah.I think I am even overhearing that they are expanding their seating are to include a quite study area - which explains why there is some hammering today.  But yeah for quite areas.I really hope that Make Your Mark helps to raise the bar of other local coffee shops.
5	I've been to Make Your Mark a couple hundred times, but then I live two blocks away.  I love the place. Their coffee is among the best of any coffee shop in Pgh (ask Hemi to make you a dirty americano) -- second only to La Prima on the Strip probably.  Their mint brownies are incredible.  Their everything bagels are to die for.  And the hidden gem is their lunch menu.  Make Your Mark is the perfect place for a Saturday lunch.  They have some of the best vegetarian food in Pittsburgh, and definitely the best food of any Pgh cafe.Make Your Mark is the most sophisticated cafe in the city, without a doubt.  It's a good place to study too.  They have free wireless and the lighting is really good.
4	I had a blackberry vanilla italian soda and the hummus plate which came with an ample amount of bright/lemony hummus, two types of homemade crotons (which were pleasantly salty), fresh tomatoes, celery, cucumbers, and red peppers. Perfect.Clean, Comfortable, and a nice amount of light in the store. Spent an hour or two drawing a picture of a mountain. Guy at the counter was very friendly and helpful -- he even sharpened the colored pencils for us.
4	I had a bowl of their granola that I believe they make themselves. And they give you a choice as to what they will serve it to you with! Heaven. Of course being the lactard that I am, I chose soy milk. This is indeed a lovely little place in a lovely neighbourhood(Point Breeze).
4	I came to Make Your Mark when I visited the Point Breeze neighborhood for the first time, and I think I'm going to have to frequent Point Breeze more often, even if it's just to go here.The service here is super friendly.  A lot of the customers seemed to be regulars, but as a first-timer, I felt just as welcomed.  The man at the counter (possibly the owner?) was pleasant and quick to make drink and food recommendations.  When I ordered the yogurt & granola special with fruit, he told me that they were out of one of the fruits but immediately offered substitutions he could make.  In addition to the usual coffeehouse baked goods (which looked delicious), the place also has an all-vegetarian lunch menu, which includes wraps, soup, and hummus plates.  Unfortunately I was there a bit too early for the lunch dishes (they start serving lunch at 11:30), but enjoyed my generous helping of granola, yogurt and fruit.  The indoor seating area is bright and clean, and the outdoor seating area is also really nice.  I didn't doodle a picture for the magnetic boards, but there's always next time.
5	I love that all of the coffee here is fair trade and organic! This is a friendly neighborhood coffee shop which is often filled with families and lots of little kids. They also serve some breakfast type foods including bagels and cereal as well as somewhat fancier lunches. I've had better cappuccinos elsewhere, but they're acceptable here. Unfortunately, the WiFi is rather hit and miss -- sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, but at least it's free.
5	Great vegetarian-friendly food! The beet wrap was outstanding. Lunch is always a pleasure.Fine weather has me out on the back patio, admiring the cherry blossoms and downing yet another magnificent panini or quesadilla or wrap-thing. Keep it up, MYM!
4	Dream-haunting vegetarian Ruben sandwich(slaw, grilled zuchinni, thousand island), and great coffee. Wish they were open later/served food later. Need to get here in the summer and check out the patio. Also a bit expensive for the food(sandwiches run about $7-8)
5	I am a regular at Make Your Mark due laregly in part to their great quality of food and beverage. When combined with a stellar atmosphere and friendly service this coffee house is irresistable. To eat, I would recommend the casadilla. Made with a wheat tortilla, gooey cheese, beans, and sweet potatoes! Served with chips and fresh salsa. Yum. They have a fair selection of fresh healthy foods that go well with any beverage selection. I enjoy most the outdoor seating when the weather is nice.
5	I love everything from the enchanting patio to the great lunch specials (best veg sandwiches in town and fantastic homemade soups) to the employees' conversations about Lady Gaga and the concept of art space meets cafe. I only wish Make Your Mark was open and serving up awesome foods and attitudes all of the time, or at least later into the evening.
3	The first thing that struck me about Make Your Mark is the lack of a front door.  I went to the glass facade and was confused for a second until I figured out the door is on the side.  Walking inside, it feels like you're entering someone's home rather than a coffee shop or cafe.The guy working at the counter was very friendly and without a doubt a genuine person who knows what he's talking about and wants to please his customers.  They also seem to have a good mix of regulars coming and going, as friendly conversations were struck up the whole time I was there.  They have a good selection of different drinks and they were priced well.I particularly liked the great photography on the walls.  The varied pictures give a unique feeling to the inside and each one grabs your eye in a different way.  Someone said it before, the music selection is great.  I heard things from Van Morrison, to jazz to modern artists and they all fit the vibe of Make Your Mark.I already feel like I may up my rating once I go back a few more times, which I definitely will.  I have more drinks and food to try, as well as experience the nice back patio.  Looking forward to my next visit there.
3	Peanut butter brownies here are the best in all of the land. Everything bagels with tomatoes are also delicious. Unfortunately, their bagels are usually sold out by noon and the food is SUBSTANTIALLY overpriced! A cup of soup is $5; adding tomatoes is $.60! Yikes.
5	My husband and I have decided that Make Your Mark is our favorite coffee spot.  We thoroughly enjoy ourselves every time we go.
5	Such a great, little coffee shop!Tucked away in Point Breeze, it might be easy to miss this place if you are not looking. But the coffee is fair trade, the workers are super nice, and there are papers on the wall which come from patrons who are encouraged to draw!Come by and check it out.....
4	Let's get this out of the way right now: they have the best mocha in Pittsburgh. I know, I know! You think the best mocha in Pittsburgh is housed at any other location, but have you ever been to Make Your Mark? It's such a treasured nook that not many make their way over to Reynolds to check it out. The interior is very cozy and nurtures several "working from a coffee shop" types, while during the warmer times of year you can have fun in their backyard patio area. Also, their food is tasty!
5	If you're looking for the most comfortable and welcoming cafe/coffee shop in the world, please look no further!  There are so many great things going on here!  First off the environment is just so warm and inviting.  From what I hear the weekends are pretty hectic, but the weekday was nice and calm for a nice work day and meeting for me!  You really can't get any friendlier than the owner of this place either.  I could have BSed with him the whole time if I didn't have work to do!  Plus, you can really tell he cares about his business and how he wants to present it...I love that!  I even chatted with some other costumers, it was just that kind of friendly environment! I also love that I can grab a delicious, all vegetarian I might add, meal.  But don't worry, it's not shipped in, it's cooked fresh.  I enjoyed the broccoli and white bean soup and a mushroom, red pepper and cheese panini.  Both were delicious.  I loved how the soup had large pieces of fresh broccoli and it wasn't bean overkill either.  The mushroom panini came on rye bread, which I usually don't like, but for some reason this magical rye bread did the trick on all the other amazing flavors from the veggies.  I didn't think of meat for a second!  I'm definitely going to make this a spot to hit up when I want to grab a bite and work...and maybe chat up some strangers!
5	Not only is the atmosphere perfect, but the owners are wonderful. Always friendly and warm. Also, THE best dirty chai around. If you haven't had one of these, go get one right now. They make their chai from scratch and throw in a shot of espresso...or two. Perfection! The food is excellent and is vegetarian/vegan friendly :)
5	Make Your Mark, hands down, has the best Chai Latte I've ever sipped! The owner really cares about quality and people. The entire staff is super friendly. Free wifi for all! Truly outstanding!
4	Pricey but worth it as a special treat now and then. The veggie paninis my friend and I got (she got beet, I got mushroom) were wonderful as was my lime-lemonade. Wish we would've known about the patio before we were on our way out, especially as the inside cafe area is extremely small.
5	Best coffee shop in pittsburgh by far. I'm lucky enough to live a block away, but if i didn't i'd go out of my way to come here every morning. The owners are super nice, the atmosphere is cozy, and the pastries are delicious. I won't drink an iced coffee from anywhere else. And the back patio is super cute. Glad to have a place like this in point breeze!
5	This is my new favorite place to hang-out and be productive in town.  I like everything about this place.  The neighborhood in which it is located is so cozy.  The actual coffee shop itself is quite nice as well, and quiet!  This is huge for me.  The service is friendly.  The food is fantastic.  The hot-chocolate is the best I've had since I've moved here.  Free wi-fi, and nice spacious windows to look out to the street when you're looking for a little break/distraction from your work.  What more could you really ask for?  And like others, I am a bit hesitant to hype this place since it is so awesome.
4	Living in Point Breeze there are not many options for coffee in the neighborhood. Shadyside is right next door but nonetheless, it is nice to have something right here. Make Your Mark, as other reviewers have indicated, is a great place to be productive. The atmosphere is friendly and quiet and the large window provides some shimmer of light even on dreary days.Not to mention looking down the block gives rest to eyes that have been glued to a computer screen for hours. The seating is comfortable and the coffee is wonderful. I don't know that there are any more considerations for coffee shops as this one hits all the notes!
5	We moved to this nabe about 15 months ago, and my husband has probably gone to Make Your Mark almost every single day since then. It's the perfect neighborhood coffee place!. The coffee is amazing, and the veggie menu has some really great options. Their iced coffee is also superb. It's a great family run business and the owner is quite sweet! Also there is a beautiful back patio to hang out in - perfect for our late Saturday morning visits. Thanks for being awesome, MYM! :)
5	i was fortunate to come across make your mark after moving to pittsburgh for school. i wanted to find a coffeeshop that with the right atmosphere of not too loud but not to strictly tense, and of course, great coffee.make your mark fits all my expectations for the ideal coffeeshop. the workers are super friendly and the manager particularly is always a pleasure to have an extensive chat with!i love how their coffees are all organic and roasted fresh very recent to your visit. they also have delicious pastries that a personal baker makes for the cafe. i love this cafe, and even go out of my way to come here :)
5	Make Your Mark Cafe and Artspace is a true oasis in Pittsburgh. Not only is the inside comfortable, beautiful and hip but there is a garden out back that feels like you have left the city and landed in the perfect spot.The home made food is great, too, especially for vegetarians.  I've never eaten something I don't like there.Last week, on a warm spring day, I had an iced chai and it was fabulous!! Go get one. NOW!You can hang out here alone or with people.  You can work at your laptop or read a book.  Best of all is that Hemi and Amy sponsor artists like myself.  They have art hanging on their walls, for display and for sale.  They do an amazing job of welcoming artists and making the experience work seamlessly.Pittsburgh is full of cafes, and some of them are really great. Make Your Mark is absolutely one of the best.
5	Found this place by accident last year, and have gone here at least once a week every week since then. It's the kind of coffee shop gem you dream of. Not to mention the food--especially for vegetarians like me--is fantastic. Every day there are new specials that are house-made and always vegetarian or vegan. The coffee is fantastic and the sweet tooth selections aren't any less stellar. If the veggie rueben is on the board: GET IT! The side salads always have healthy delicious dressings.  The soups and chili change week to week, and are honestly just plain impressive. Be aware: It's all house-made and this stuff sells out. It's a very busy place for a really good reason.Care and attention goes into the coffee, which beans they buy, how the espresso is made. The americano is one of my favorites in the city. The atmosphere is welcoming, bright, and filled with art and pictures from kids. The back patio is open and lovely during in-seasons. Can't recommend a better spot to sit down for a cup of coffee and some awesome food.
4	I live in the neighborhood and really, really want to love this place. I think the coffee is good and the atmosphere is great. The downer for me is how rude and unfriendly the staff can be. In particular the young lady working there on weekday mornings. Every time I have come in (over the last 2 years), I get the feeling that making my cup of coffee is a HUGE inconvenience for her. I've gone there enough times and it's gotten uncomfortable enough that I don't really plan on returning when she's working. It's too bad, because the place really is lovely otherwise.
1	This place is very loud and the staff are not friendly.  The food is ok and the drinks are pretty plain.
4	They always have healthy options and you can buy a refill (regular coffee) for $2.80.
