3	It's a city of stores!  If you are a shopoholic female, you will be in heaven here.  I am not excluding the men, but there are a lot more women's clothing stores, fragrance, and bath shops here than men's stores.  I love the little version of the World Market, with fair trade products like drums, carvings, and statues.  The theater here also picks up some of the features that some theaters in Charlotte won't, for instance, Choke is playing here.  They have a great big outdoor store if you are the hunting, fisherman type.  I just wish they had little golf carts to chauffeur the guests around; damn my legs are tired.
3	Well...get ready to walk...then walk some more...Concord Mills is an outlet mall, so you're mainly going to find outlet stores here. And it's a big circle, with only one shortcut through the entire place.This mall is filled with plenty of clothing, electronics, & department stores, & most of the prices you'll see are cheaper than at the normal store. There are plenty of options for the women shoppers, but then again...what mall doesn't have these options? But men don't fret, there's also a good number of stores for the us out there, such as sports apparel, clothing, & electronics.The mall is always packed, any time of day, any day of the week. What do these people do for a living? Anyways, the parking lot is always packed & traffic around the mall can get really congested at times.Another thing about this mall that irks me is how it's set up. The mall is a giant circle, around 2 miles of circle I believe. This wouldn't bother me if you only had to go to 1 store, rather than multiple ones. If you want a quick in & out, but aren't sure where the store is, then plan on walking A LOT to find what you're looking for. Last time I was here, my girlfriend & I were in a hurry to get to the Polo store. Well we went the wrong way in the circle & had to almost completely loop the mall to find it. Speed walking through mall traffic will wear you out.They do have a movie theater inside, as well as Nascar Speedpark to take the kiddies to, but mainly people go here for the outlet stores. Concord Mills has plenty of deals to be found, just plan on wading through both car & people traffic.
3	Forget the gym membership. I'm headed to Concord Mills.You know how people say to park a little farther from the front to get more exercise into your day? Well Concord Mills has given us the answer.The mall has your typical outlet stores such as Old Navy, TJ Maxx, Burlington Coat Factory, Nike and Bed, Bath & Beyond. Lots of options for those looking to spend that hard earned money! Got a sweet tooth? Head over to Cold Stone Creamery or Cinnabon. Want a soft pretzel? How about Auntie Anne's or Pretzel Time?Can't shop without coffee? Now there are not one, but two, Starbucks in the mall. Just in case you parked on the OTHER side.Speaking of the other side... really not kidding about those miles you're going to walk. It's like a track shape with a "short cut" in the middle. My advice for successful, time efficient shopping: Wear running shoes and a track suit. Get your work out and Christmas shopping done at the same time. Now THAT'S time efficient.
4	This crazy giant super monster mall is a lot of fun, if you're in the right mood. No matter what you do, though, don't venture out to this nightmare on the weekends. It's like trying to get to the front row of a boy band concert just walking through the corridor. It's awful.The prices are great. When my mom visits me, she always wants to go to Concord Mills. I'm a fan of Forever 21, and so I'm glad to be able to access one around here. They've got the same clothes as pricey Lotus at a way better price, and it's good to have one so close to home. The food court is good enough, and the surrounding area has all the typical soul-less chain stores that moms and such enjoy visiting. It's a safe standard mall with some great deals, and plus, you'll burn the calories you take in just walking around the place.
4	Concord Mills mall is the only outlet mall in Charlotte.  The problem is where it's situated and getting there.  On a regular day, you can find a line at the exit off I-85, but around the holidays, it's insane.  I think they could have done better than a bunch of left-hand turns to get to the mall.  Anyway, once you get there (and find parking), the mall is a fun circle to walk around indoors.  Not only can you get your exercise on a hot summer or cold winter day, but you can find some great sales occasionally.  There's no sunlight in the mall, though, which can be a downer, so you have to cheer yourself with your purchases and the company you keep. :)  And when you need a break, check out the AMC Theater.  It's one of the nicest (and biggest) theaters in Charlotte, carries a lot of choices, and if you're an AMC moviewatcher with card, you can accumulate some great free stuff.  Every so often, it's nice to spend a weekend day there.  Just don't plan to rush in and out.  The mall's pretty big and close parking is hard to come by.  The food choices could be better, too, but -- hey -- it's an outlet mall.
4	Whenever I'm in Charlotte, chances are I'll make a stop near this amazing mall.  I love the fact that it's an outlet mall but completely housed indoors. The mall is shaped in a giant circle and it would take you at least 25 minutes to walk the entire length of it.  But of course that's only if you walked without making any stops but that's not happening because you came here to shop!Shopoholics beware ... Concord Mills has something for everyone!  Women/men could get lost for hours combing through racks in stores that usually have great deals. Hungry? The food court is nicely laid out and there are a couple restaurants on the sight as well. Want some entertainment?  Go see a movie at AMC 24 or stop by for a few drinks and games at Dave and Buster's.  What I like about the AMC 24 is that you can bring in food from the food court or nearby Coldstone/Starbucks.The mall itself is conveniently located off I-85 and is surrounded by several restaurants and eateries. And if you're ever in town for Black Friday, you might appreciate that this mall opens its doors at Midnight! Black Friday 2007 was crazy and the mall was so packed.
4	I always stop by this mall when I'm in town. It's a pretty cool place to browse around. The speed park is cool and they have a large food court. The bass pro shop is pretty nice too. Definetely worth checking out if you've got some free time.
1	I don't agree with the message of this man with the kiosk that doesn't like obama....but, i fully support his right to say what he wants, and to sell what he wants....shame on concord mills for not renewing this person's lease..... is he paying rent? is he paying taxes?.... let him sell what he wants.
1	I am not sure why Concord Mills thinks they can go against one of the values that made this country what it is " freedom of speech" Look was this kiosk selling porn? Was it selling anything that in any way shape or form considered profanity?         Here is my thoughts... what if he was selling Pro-Obama  items do you think anything would have been said?I doubt it. So in a since the Mall is trying to dictate the political thoughts of its mall visitors . If you voted for him or not you should have the right to sell and express your opinion        I for one will not return...
5	Wow...I used to hate this place bc of all the rednecks that curdle around in there like a sack of maggots, but since I read a recent comment about how someone was mad bc he couldn't have "tea party" there (uh, it's private property, they can deny you if they want), I will now review it as a wonderful blissful place.  In fact, I'll go there today and support their rebuffing of redneck politics.  But I am kind of with them in the sense that freedom of speech should be allowed in whatever form of buttons someone wants to sell.
2	Concord Mills has been around for a decade and it's ever popular.  Having such amenities as as a massive food court, a super-sized theater, NASCAR Speedpark and the only North Carolina location of Bass Pro Shops certainly helps it to be one of North Carolina's most visited places.  But that doesn't make it any fun to shop.  Sure, there is plenty to choose from, but it's all the same kinds of decidedly middle-market choices you'd find at your local mall, only with bigger crowds to get in your way, especially on weekends and holidays.  After experimenting with a diverse selection of outlet stores for the first few years, it's becoming more and more clothing-oriented and more and more full-priced.  There are still deals to be had, but they're fewer and farther between.The best luck you're going to have here will be in very specific categories.  Men's sportswear is surprisingly well-covered with stores like Polo, Nautica and Hilfiger, along with Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers and Bass supplying loads of wardrobing options.  Shoes for the family are also well-represented, with sneakers and popular-price casual footwear available on all corners of the mall from everybody from Nike and Adidas to Rockport to Rack Room to Sketchers.  Other categories, from women's apparel to fine jewelry to Christian discount books are pretty well stocked, but not impressive.Concord Mills is a great way to waste an afternoon, but it's not a great mall.
4	Love the Off 5th here!  They're transitioning from summer to fall right now, so we were able to find a lot of great deals and discounts.We went on a Friday night and were able to get a great parking spot.  The flow of traffic getting in and out was fair, but when we drove by here Sunday afternoon, it looked like a nightmare, at least from the highway.  But there's nowhere you can't get to with just a little patience, which is really a very low price to have to pay to get to an outlet mall.
3	Humongous mega mall, with deals that make David X.'s eyes light up.  And for Pete's sake, they have a little train riding around the mall for the kiddies.  Of course, and you run this risk with any outlet place, it's completely hit or miss as far as merchandise.  Sometimes they get the overstock from a good season, sometimes its a bad season.  Last time I went into this mall, I spent a good two and a half hours, entered women's stores ranging from the cheap and trampy (Forever 21) to the classy professional (Ann Taylor), tried on dozens of dresses and tops, and left with a grand total of... a few pairs of leggings.  Uh, maybe next season.
5	I love this mall! its huge, they always have sales and there is a store for everybody is your family, i'm pretty sure you won't leave empty handed. I will warn you not to go on the weekends or during back to school, too many people for my liking and no parking. But other than that I always leave outta there with bags full of stuff and kinda broke. lol.
2	This is one of my family's favorite malls of all time. We will be boycotting this mall due to ruining Halloween for our little girl. They claimed they celebrated it on the 30th and were not giving candy out on HALLOWEEN!! Another store told us they were not allowed to solicit on Sunday. We had to trick or treat in our neighborhood. The working class were giving candy out but corporate America just couldn't do it this year.
3	I'm not a big shopper, but Concord Mills is pretty convenient to my place of business.  I go here as a default if I'm looking for something in a bind.  It's a good place to walk around and spend time with - when it's not crowded (on the weekends it can get pretty bad).  For an outlet store, there aren't that many deals that I've seen, but I haven't been looking that hard.Most of my visits here are to frequent the AMC theater that's located on the end of the mall.Overall it's a good mall if you got a lot of time to spend in it.  It can be a little annoying when you want to rush in and have to walk the perimeter of the mall to get to a certain store in a rush (like I did today).Of course there is plenty of parking, but the main entrance off of Concord Mills Blvd can get really crazy especially since incoming traffic does not have to stop, but everyone always does anyway.
2	I must be missing the point here. I checked out Concord Mills today and not only could I not find a parking spot - I couldn't find anything worth a damn. The usual suspects, Banana Republic; Best Buy; Nike didn't have anything of quality that I would come to expect. I'm glad I went, so now I don't have to worry about returning.
1	Ya there's nothing like a stroll through this capitalist antfarm to make me fear for the future of humanity.If you're looking for a WWJD-embroidered snuggie, tho, they probably have it.
5	I love this mall. When I'm in the area I definitely have to make an appearance. This place is HUGE. It;s also indoors. I wish they would get with the program here in New England and not make every outlet and outdoor one.It is very nice though. Check it out.
3	This mall gets 3 stars because there are many things about this mall that drives me crazy.  First of all, the hard sellers at the kiosks drive me insane.  If I wanted to buy something, I would walk up to your kiosk and  check out your products.  Hard selling is rude and ruins my shopping experience.  I sometimes take detours and walk the long way just to keep from passing these places.  Second of all, the food court selection is awful, and overpriced.  Chili's is the only place that is decent, and believe it or not, you will pay about the same as if you ate at the Burger King in the mall.  Lastly, I get better quality items at Carolina Mall.
2	Does this place have hype?  If so it is definitely hyped up.  I hear this is meant to be the largest in the Charlotte Metro area, but after going to North Lake Mall I don't even think that is true.  Perhaps the only positive could be that you can get your massive RV from a NASCAR race to the mall in less than 5 minutes.  Strange that he entire floor along the main concourse is carpeted.  Not necessarily bad, just strange.  There really isn't anything special and after going to North Lake Mall I started to get the feeling that there's nothing here.  I kind of get a 'surrounded by bland over-capitalistic overpriced nonsense' anxiety so going here was really a big mistake. You can unleash your inner redneck at the Outdoor World, but other than that there's no reason to go here.
3	I come here to shop any time I'm home visiting Charlotte, so it's A-OK for me when I want to pick up a few items or take my mom & sis shopping.   I'm not as big on the food court choices as others, but you should be able to find something to hold  you over until you get home or can go somewhere else.
3	Wow really packed and really big... a big circle. If your diligent and patient, you might find a few good deals. Has your average stores with a few specialty's. The food court is about the same as well.
4	I had the afternoon off during my week in the Charlotte area, and decided to go over to Concord Mills Mall.If you've never been, here are some helpful hints:There is only one "cut-through" in this gigantic oval shaped mall, and that's the food court area.  The closest entrance to the food court is Entrance 2 (Books-A-Million entrance).  I highly suggest using this entrance or you'll find yourself having to walk the huge circle to get back to your entrance.Wear comfortable shoes.  You will be walking - a lot.Take advantage of the many seating areas.Have plenty of time to walk and browse.  This is not a place to run in, hit one store, and leave.You do have some outlet stores, while other stores are just larger versions of what may be in your hometown mall.  Helps to have plenty of time to check things out and see of you can find the outlet deals.Traffic alert:  The mall is only a couple of miles down the road from the NASCAR Charlotte Motor Speedway.  During race weeks and during Christmas shopping season, traffic is a nightmare, not only on Concord Mills Blvd/ Bruton Smith Blvd., but it jams things up on I-85 as well.
3	I've lost that lovin' feelin :(  Sure it's a great way to pass the time if you have nothing else going on and yeah the food court is pretty decent.  Other than that I'm losing my desire to even go here anymore.  I never seem to find any decent deals at my favorite shops there (Banana Republic/Polo Ralph Lauren) and everything seems to be pretty much picked over so there's hardly any normal sizes left.I won't completely bash it though, it's still a good place to shop if you have plenty of time and want to save a WHOLE DOLLAR (hahaha).  My sarcastic note is relative because the discounts aren't that deep and honestly you probably could do better via TJMAXX or Marshalls, etc.  BTW, there is a TJMAXX here but why come here just for that?  I wouldn't.In a nutshell, it's lost its appeal for me but I'll still visit I'm sure.
2	The number one tourist destination in the state of North Carolina.Not the Biltmore House.  Not the Outer Banks.  Not even our share of either the 469 miles of the Blue Ridge Parkway or 2181 miles of the Appalachian Trail.  A mall.To be fair, it is a really big freaking mall, but it is still a mall.  And you have a few thousand of your closest friends on any given day.  Not just around holidays, or on weekends.  But any day, at any time of the day.As has been mentioned by just about everyone, the problem is that you are not really getting any great deals here.  As with Tanger - and other - outlets, there are no true deals to be found.  Just a large collection of retail outlets assembled in one place for your shopping pleasure, all trying to relieve you of your money.  And to allow you to wallow in traffic as you arrive and when you want to leave.Yes, you can see movies (as many as 24 of them).  You can go to the NASCAR speed park.  You can visit Bass Pro Shops.  Check out dozens of places to eat.  And walk until your muscles are sore, at which point you can even get one of those water massages in neighborhood six.  Or was it number four?  I lost track, but before I could go back to check, I was kicked out because they had a problem with my Speedo-clad self getting getting too close to the day care.  Something about a restraining order.  I was out of there before I heard all the details.
4	Concord Mills is a great place to shop, what more can I say.  All you need is a LOT of patience first to find a parking space.  I typically park on the theater side.  You also need patience when walking through the mall.  If you are in a hurry, you will want to visit on a weekday.  Weekends take time, especially on a hot, summer Saturday.  Great sales can be found with a bit more patience and lots of stamina.  Wear comfy shoes if you want to do some serious shopping.
3	Ehhh.  Concord Mills isn't my favorite place to shop. Like the other reviewers pointed out...the traffic is horrendous & you're not saving a whole lotta cash in these stores.  However, many people get sucked in & buy, buy, buy!  The busiest times are Saturdays & Sundays of course, Black Friday, before Christmas & after Christmas & before school starts (esp. tax free weekend).My favorite shops are Coach, Ann Taylor, Ann Taylor Loft & Gap Outlet.  Therefore, if I need something(s) from these stores, I will go here first before their normal stand alone stores.If you don't like crowds & traffic, you may want to steer clear of Concord Mills.
3	Traveled here with a group a few weeks ago for fun at D&B. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again. Many of the stores here are located throughout the Triangle. Sadly, this is the only D&B in NC. Bland food court as well. This is the type of mall that would only appeal to locals honestly.
1	I hate this mall. How can it be the go to place for tourists? I couldn't stand it for the hour I was there, though technically almost half of that hour consisted of looking for a parking space.People say they go to outlets for the savings? Well I didn't see much of any savings. I bought some candles at Yankee Candle Co. and that set me back $50 despite them being on sale. Then there's the inferior quality of the clothes I noticed they stock here all so you can save $5-10 bucks. Very disappointing, do they really think consumers won't catch on to that?Subpar products, rudeness of the shoppers here(I got bumped into 3 times and they did not even venture to look at me much less offer an apology, and one teenager almost ran over my nephew while sprinting through the mall then proceeded to look straight at me say an annoyed "dude!" and run off to join his friends...), terrible parking, lack of healthy options for food. Normally I give a place a second chance before writing them off completely. But all these factors make me want to avoid this place like the plague.
2	Dear Concord Mills Mall. You get ONE STAR for getting me last season's $100 Adidas trail running shoes for $40. And I guess that ONE STAR can also count for having an AMC attached so it's easier to talk my friend into going to the movies.Now, for why it deserves only one star. It smells funny, the floors are carpeted (and you feel like you're in the early 90's... ewwww), the stores are subpar and the consumer demographic for this mall is awful. Lots of strollers and screaming children, no "Under 18" rules like they have at Northlake and South Park, and so many stores that are filled with clearance crap or ridiculous sizing (like I barely could find any size S or M in athletic stores like Nike and Adidas... c'mon! I'm one of the most common sizes for fit folks!).I'm HORRIFIED to hear that this place is where tourists come when visiting NC/Charlotte. I mean, sure, Charlotte doesn't have much to offer (unless you love corporate architecture and NASCAR) but reeeally? A mall. This mall?This helps me avoid Concord, that's for sure.
2	My second time here.  Went with the gf and her son and his gf.  Wow a lot of gfs.  We walked and walked and walked.  Had a six dollar whopper jr meal.  And walked some more.  Did some time at Aeropastle and couldnt figure out what separated the mens and womens.  Nike and Addidas were more expensive than our mall back in Winston.  Wondered why we drove 1.5 hrs to get here.  We did drive thru my alma mater at Charlotte.  Nice to see the old grounds again.  But Concord can keep that damn mall.
3	As the Mills group goes, this isn't one of their premier locations.  It's okay, has a lot of stores, and the main attraction is probably the Bass pro shop.  Otherwise, it seems like it just needs some upgrades or a facelift.  There are stores like Burlington, VF, and Wilson's Leather (Outlet) there, as well as a few boutique places.   There's nothing else about it, though, that makes it stand out and WOW me.
4	Concord Mills. I've been coming to this mall ever since it was created. I remember the times when they were in the process of building it. The "oooh, it's going to be a mile long" and "it's going to be amazing" were heard whenever this mall was talked about. The time however was not so kind, however Concord Mils has been holding up pretty nicely. New stores, bunches of people (especially during black Friday as I remember coming here) and a pretty nice walk.I came here to buy shoes, and well they had bunches of stores to go to and a lot of choices to choose from. I bought my shoes and went to go watch a movie (which is pretty convenient.)Overall, I like coming to Concord Mils, as this is the place where I come to for shopping.
1	Concord Mills is exactly like every other ginormous outlet maze mall torture chamber. Exactly. Exactly.
1	I was never a big fan of this mall. A lot of space for a whole lotta nothin'. Lackluster stores. Too crowded. Too many kiosks.( I feel like I'm walking by carnival barkers at times.) No real good deals anywhere.  A very sad food court. You would think for a mall this size they would have better choices of restaurants inside.  Hard to find restrooms.  They have a nice movie theater set-up, I will give them that. I've also wanted to try out that human-car-wash-massage-thing-a-ma-bob but it's too expensive for so little time. A real pain in the @$$ to even come and go out of the parking lot. Traffic is abysmal coming and going. Whatever happened to the great malls in Charlotte?Your pal,Walter
3	I don't hate this mall with the fervor that some here have demonstrated, but I will say it is a tourists bff. This may sound like common sense but look forward while walking...not down at your cell phone, or sideways at the pretty storefront displays. For if you do not stare straight ahead you are leaving yourself open to being walked over or directly in to. It has happened my friends.Lots of stores here - many of which are outlets ( Gap, Bannana Republic, Coach, TJ Maxx Homegoods, Bed Bath & Beyond) . I won't say its my favorite place to go due to serious crowding, but if you can sneak away on a weekday it may not be so bad. They have a nice food court and a theater to boot!
3	Parking is a nightmare. I can't stress that enough. On weekends, it is so packed that I feel like I am on the streets of NYC. Stores do have good deals, though. Make sure you ask if they give a AAA discount, as many of the stores do. Also, if you are with 10 or more people, you can get coupon books at the info desk. Bathrooms are so so. Way too many kiosk vendors yelling "Miss, may I ask you a question?" and they are relentless. Some really weird vendors selling bootleg movies and leather belts. Lots of shoe stores. Lots of home goods type stores. A huge Children's Place store. All in all, I would say check it out. Just not on a weekend!
4	Best mall in the area
4	It's rare I venture to this side of town but when I do it's nice to shop here. Two things I can guarantee it will be busy and there will be no parking. Lol but what outlet mall isn't?They have everything here! From Coach and Michael Kors to Old Navy and Express...love it! It's no secret outlet shopping is not for the faint of heart but if you are up for the walking and people this is definitely the place for you!There are tons of food places around here too, like Razzoo's and Red Lobster. The movies are great, very spacious!Overall, its something you have to experience!
3	As I used to live fairly close to Concord Mills mall, I would say I've been here more than 100 times in my lifetime....so I would say I'm an expert on everything Concord Mills if one could be such a thing....Pros:*Tons of stores - no matter who you are or where you are from, you are sure to find a store with something of interest at Concord Mills (CCM)*Outlet style pricing and sales in many stores.*Best movie theater in the Charlotte area - AMC 24*Impressive Stores - Bass Pro Shops, Forever 21, Polo outlet, Nautica Outlet and Nike Factory Store. Cons:*Parking BLOWS, esp on weekends.*This is not a place you can just drop bye for 20min and leave, CCM is a multi-hour experience.*The inside can be crowded and full of vagabonds and other riff-raft. *On Black Thursday and the days before and after X-Mas, this place is a mad houseALl-in-All the pros out-weigh the cons for me - esp the AMC 24 movie theater that dominates on corner of the mall.  Oh and they say it's exactly one mile all the way around!  I guess there's only one way to find out...you gotta go walk the Concord Mills mile for yourself!
3	Concord Mills is a nice mall to wander and get some cool stuff at cheap prices.  This is a nice big, one level mall with a wide variety of stores, and almost all of them are outlet locations.  I've gotten some great deals on Nike sneakers and an absolutely adorable Coach bag.  And I love that the movie theater is attached to the mall so you can see a movie, do some shopping, and then head back out into the real world.  This mall gets INSANELY crowded on the weekends, though, and don't even think of going unless you absolutely have to during the holidays.  Both parking and walking through the mall are a frustrating ordeal and that's why I'm giving it 3 stars.
4	I like this mall had a lot of stores, movie theatre, best buy, bass pro, shop,dave and busters sports cafe.  One of my favorite malls.
4	I like coming to Concord Mills.  Mostly for the TJ Maxx, Saks, and movie theater.  There's plenty to do here and many more places to eat on the outside of Concord Mills.  I enjoy watching the kids play in the kids area when I'm walking by and also watching them do flips on this trampoline contraption.  The only thing that I dislike about the kiddie things to do is that they have this train that picks you and your kid up and take you to one side to another...someone tell me if they feel like me in that this train always seems like it's me it's going to run over one day...You get hungry, they have a food court which has the basic; Chinese food, Sabarros, California Kitchen, etc.  Chillies Restaurant is located inside also (oh yea I had a friend who said that they now have a Poppy's Chicken)You really can find something from everyone...Old Navy to Coach to Michael Kors!  Also, you might not believe me but you can get some activity points (shout out to all my fellow Weight Watchers) by the amount of walking you do here.If you don't like crowds...well....try to come during the week (earlier hours) b/c on the weekends it's packed.  Hard to find parking in some instances and hard to get out since it's almost one way in one way out, but overall I think Concord Mills has a lot to offer :)
3	We stopped by Concord Mills while in the area just to have something to do. It's a bit out of the way for us and ended up not really being worth the trip.The mall has a lot of the bigger name stores, and I liked seeing a Best Buy and Bed, Bath and Beyond attached to it. Some of my other personal favorites like Old Navy and GameStop were also there, and I thought it was cool to see a Lego store. The food court also seemed to offer an array of options, though we didn't stop to eat anything. With the size of the mall comes the crowds, and this was the biggest turn-off. It was so mobbed inside that it felt like it was Black Friday and everyone was rushing to get their holiday shopping done. Then I almost got ran over by this train that actually runs through the mall's foot traffic...not exactly the brightest idea.In the end, bigger malls attract bigger crowds, and it's just not worth it. I'd much rather head on to the Northlake Mall which is not only closer but doesn't give me a case of claustrophobia.
3	It's a mall. I guess not bad- for a mall. The best part is Bass Pro Shop and Popeye's Chicken.
3	Well, at the very least if you don't like the crowds or stores they offer, you'll at least get a workout... I believe the mall is two miles around or something like that... lolLet's see... My favorite places are the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory, Nike Factory Store, TJ Maxx HomeGoods, the newly renovated Forever 21 and Papaya...  I've been meaning to get around to trying that crepe place, but I haven't yet... The movie theater is a bit better than the one in Northlake, but if you're easily bothered by teenagers, I'd skip it... There's usually a few packs of them around... At least for the early evening movies...The parking is okay as far as the number of spaces and it's set up to flow really easily, but I think a lot of people aren't familiar with where the stop signs apply and all, so it can be really annoying to get out of there... I usually park over at Dave and Busters since it's not too crowded in that area.... My absolute favorite part of this mall is the Charanda's across the parking lot, though..  You just gotta have tequila to celebrate once you make it out of this place...
4	Good mall to visit every now and then. Food court is decent, carousel for the kids, and some good deals depending on the store you go to. Parking is a pain and traffic outside on the main road is even more of a pain.
3	Bored
3	Super super BIG.  I mean HUGE.  I am from Asheville and its about 8 times the size of  the Asheville mall.  We were told it is a 1 mile loop and I believe it.  the only things I did not like about my experience was how rude the people were.... NOT the employees, but the people shopping.  They would just ram into you and never look at your or even acknowledge you.   If you want a FULL complete day of shopping.... GO HERE but bring your helmet.
3	Very large outlet-style mall with tons of stores and a pretty big food court.There is a huge variety of stores - ranging from F21 to Best Buy to Bass Pro Shop to Coach, etc. Some of the stores have a good selection of stuff, and some not so much.The shape of this mall is kind of like a track. It's a huge oval, with a place to cut in between in the middle at the Food Court.If you come during the week, parking and the crowds aren't so bad. If you come during the weekend, be prepared for lots of traffic, minimal parking spots, and a plethora of shoppers.
4	I have been to Concord Mills tons of times over the years and while it's not my favorite mall in the area it's still a good choice if you're in the area. Parking is terrible but other than that its a great mall!
3	Interesting mall, to say the least. One side seems like a normal mall with the standard mall stores (albeit a single-story mall that requires you to walk half of a mile before you can go to the other side). The other side? Has the vibe of one of those cheesy outlet malls that seem to pop up in touristy areas. All in all, worth a look, but aside from the Bass Pro Shop, it's got the same stores you'd find anywhere else.
3	Outlet mall is a stretch with the exception of a few stores. This is more of a really big mall with a lot of stores! The range of stores is almost overwhelming but so awesome! The crowds are almost unbearable on the weekends and make getting from store to store a bumper car experience. The stores are all really big and have a lot to offer. The food court is amazing and has wonderful options (including a chilis!!) parking as others have stated is way better on the back side of the mall behind bass pro shop. There is a ton to do here and can be an all day activity if you have the time!
4	A great mall to just walk and enjoy an afternoon catching up with what is on sale or just catching a quick shop before a movie! Total one stop shop...
3	Went here today. It was ok. It definitely has a lot of shops. They had little cars for kids to sit in which were very handy for my 2 year old, it was 5 bucks to rent. IT doesn't feel like it was built to handle a lot of people thought. Granted I was there on a Saturday, but I felt like a sardine. Parking was just as packed.
3	This mall is not all it's croaked up to be more then a few of the stores are useless it's cool that they have chillis an aquarium and Dave and busters but it seems as if the mall is for amusement more so then shopping.
5	This mall has something for everyone! Be sure to visit the new Aquarium when you go there. It's great entertainment for little kids.
3	Like many other Mills malls, this one is HUGE. It is a 1.4 million-square-foot behemoth filled with a 24 screen + IMAX theater, dining options, and tons of retail/outlet/factory stores.This place is a zoo on weekends. Filled to the brim with tourists looking to score some bargains. I would recommend avoiding it... If you want to shop without the crowds, go on a weekday. Let me tell you a little secret about factory stores... Executives have gotten wise to consumers looking for a good deal. These companies actually create specific items to sell exclusively at factory stores (lower quality = lower cost). Banana Republic, Coach, Eddie Bauer, Gap (and many more) are all guilty of it... If you are looking for bargain deals on full price merchandise (likely from last season), go to a true outlet store (TJ Maxx, Off 5th, etc).
3	Outlet style mall with a wide variety of stores, there's even a new aquarium and movie theater located in the mall.The food court has all the normal mall restaurants and is good for a quick bite after a day of shopping. In addition to the stores and restaurants inside the mall there are several others located outside the mall too.My favorite thing about this mall is that it's shaped like a track. One lap around this mall is about a mile. I can come before the mall opens or mid day during the week a get a few laps in.
4	ABSOLUTELY ONE OF THE BEST INDOOR OUTLET MALL:) Everything from shopping for clothes, home decor, food and play/fun! They have Dave&Busters and AMC Movies attached! Plethora of restaurants and hotels surrounding the area!
3	Lots of stores, decent options. Beware of going here on Sunday though. Thinking of catching an early movie and beating the church crowd? NOPE! They have a church IN the movie theatre!! There is no escape people!!
3	I heard there was an Old Navy outlet here so I was very excited to come check it out. I live in Greensboro so it's about an hour from me. Concord Mill itself is pretty decent. A lot of stores, big food court,  and a movie theater are included here, but the old navy store is definitely not an outlet. Certain things are on sale but not the entire store. They may have more sales going on but I'm not considering them an outlet.
3	They have almost everything you are looking for rom Michael Kors to Saks FIfth Outlet.The movie theater is a pretty good size and servicewise. Now, the only thing is the food court. It is a bit funky. It's not the shops. Maybe it's the lighting and the shape. It's a dark vast open area that makes you want to leave asap.But, I don't leave asap because there's always a silver lining. Lotus! I think that's what it's called. I just remember where it is and go straight to it. Great General Tsao chicken. Love it.
5	I think Concord Mills is great.  They are a typical Outlet Mall experience....HUGE selection of stores, a ton of parking, and a variety of restaurants in the food court.  Since this is an Outlet a lot of the clothing selection is not going to be the latest and greatest, it might be older styles but still of good quality for a great price.  They have over 200+ stores, there is literally something for everyone and that is not an exaggeration.If you want to take a break from the shopping madness you can always hit their AMC 24 movie theater, go karts, ice-skating, mini golf, the aquarium or Dave & Busters for the arcade,  need I say more.Actually 1 more thing, like other reviewers said on the weekend it can be a nightmare, but you need to find the right time to go, like when they first open or during the week so it can be an enjoyable experience.  Happy Shopping!!
4	The Mills chain of malls are huge. Owned by Simon, expect it to be clean and with a good variety of stores, with a wifi signal that usually works and plenty of parking. Organized like a figure 8, you can start anywhere, shop on both sides and just going around in the circles until you're back where you started. Probably with a lot less money but tons more stuff, eh?Food court has the usual staple of chinese, burrito and pizza. Plus a sushi (unexpected) and a sit down Chili's.
3	Not really a mall shopper. The restrooms could certainly use an upgrade. They are awful.
