5	This location just opened over a week ago at the corner of Rea Rd and Ardrey Kell, diagonal from Blakeney.  What a wonderful car care place!  After my tale of woe about having ANOTHER STINKIN' SCREW IN A TIRE on my 4runner, mom was on the hunt for coupon's for a new set of tires for me (Taye, my 4runner, was due for a new set, the screw-hole that couldn't be repaired just moved the date up a bit) and she found one for the new Firestone.  I had Bridgestone tires on my vehicle and the coupon was for 15% off Firestone or Bridgestone.  I did like the tires I had - very quiet ride, which is important to me, moreso than snow tires.  (The one time every 2 years that Charlotte has a snow event, I stay home and eat Doritos and drink Coke right out of the 2-liter, like a good southern girl should).  Anywhoodle... the Firestone was easy to find - a little off of the corner behind a new BB&T bank.  It was easy to get to and while parking was plentiful for a car care place, the place was packed!  I was helped promptly and Richard came out and took a look at what I had on my vehicle.  We went back inside and he pushed some buttons and showed me what he suggested along with the Bridgestone that I requested, and a third type of tire as well.  The pricing clearly showed the per tire price, the warranty (if any) and any additional costs to actually put the tires on the car (at this point my brain and eyes glazed over).  With 2 of the tires, there was a 30 mile guarantee, which I really like.  I had 30 miles to decide if the tires sucked or not - if I did not like the tires they put on it, then I could come back within 30 miles and try another set (paying the difference, if any).  I went with the Firestone's that they suggested and was very happy with the ride along with the noise level (very quiet tires, I drove on both Rea Rd and 485 to check them out).  I also got an oil change while I was there, which I had a $10 off coupon for thanks to mom.  My new tires and oil change were going to take quite some time, so I had a very kind girlfriend pick me up, but the waiting room was spacious with lots of seating, along with a flat screen TV mounted on the wall that was playing Price is Right on both of my visits.  It also had a glass wall so you could see what the technicians were doing (although they could be changing my headlight fluid... I have no clue when it comes to the car stuff).I was very happy with my visit and will be returning to Firestone for my car care needs in the future.
4	We were indeed happy to see this Firestone open, providing a very good local option for auto care.  My family does a lot of business with them, and a significant amount of our car repair is handled right here.  We have been very satisfied with this Firestone personnel and work.  The advice rendered here is generally on the mark.  Yes, I said "generally" and with that, I am getting at the reason for four stars and not five.  The up-sale effort here is WAYYYYY too strong.  I don't know, but I would be willing to bet that sales compensation is heavily influenced by the up-sale component.  In case you don't know the word "up-sale", that is when they encourage you to purchase additional services beyond those initially requested.  Now, let me be clear... I do not believe that they have given me any advice that is not true.  It's just that their recommendations must be carefully scrutinized and should also be priced from other vendors.  Other than that... I recommend the Blakeney Firestone!
1	This location, which is close to my current residence, has been my go-to location for brand new tires, tire repair, oil changes, etc. since they opened.  Yesterday, when starting the vehicle to leave work, the butt of dread light was lit on my dashboard (TPMS tire pressure light).  I got to this location around 5:45 (they close at 7:00), after I had called ahead and said I was on my way and what the problem was.  Before checking out my tires, I spoke with the guy working the desk (I bought my tires from this location less than 1 year ago) and after I explained that my tire pressure sensor had come on, his condescending reply was, "well it WAS 30 degrees last night".  We were immediately off to a bad start.  I have had extremely helpful people at this location, this was the first time I have dealt with this guy, but I am not sure what his damage was.  I know that I am not dropping $200 there to get the fluid in my headlights changed, but dammit I get all of my work done here and I expect better treatment.  He tinkered with it a bit, said he filled all 4 tires and I was on my way.I left there and the tire pressure light was still on.  I only live about 3 miles from this location so I got out the manual when I got home to see if I had to drive a certain amount of miles before the sensor resets or if I needed to go back and jack this guy up for wasting my time.  Seeing nothing that would indicate that the light should still be on, I decided to try the Firestone near my office for a double-check before I did a system reset on the vehicle.Taking my vehicle today to the Firestone on Arrowood (which is where I will be taking my vehicle from now on), after putting the 4runner on the lift and doing a close inspection, the spare was at 18 pounds instead of the 32 that it should have been (I knew Toyota's had a sensor in the spare, I am not sure why I didn't think of that last night - probably the rage).  The tech also mentioned that they had to put air in each of the tires (I thought the guy last night had done that?!).  The grand total of time spent there *may* have been 15 minutes with some very nice folks and I was no longer concerned I would blow out a tire and take 3 people with me into the concrete barriers on 485.The guy that helped me at Rea Rd drove my truck back to the front of the store, so he knew the light was still on.  Since it could literally be my life that is at stake if a tire goes (from constant 485 and 77 travel), I expect better treatment and service.  Firestone will still be getting my money, but this location won't be.Note:  This was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back.  Previously I waited 2 1/2 hours to get a tire patched (I was a walk-in, as I didn't plan to get a screw in my tire, but still...) and the next time I got my tires (that I purchased there) rotated and was told no charge, but when I got home and carefully looked at my receipt I had been charged $20.  I returned to the store and got the amount refunded, and the gentleman was apologetic, but still.... c'mon.
3	I've never had service here, but my mom did. She got an oil change and was told that it would take 2 hours to get done, so me being the nice daughter that I am, came all the way from uptown to pick her up. The second I got there (one hour later) her car was pulled out and parked. I asked my mom if her car was done when she came out to the car, she said I don't know, let me go and ask. When she asked, they said yes it's all set. She got there right at open, 7:30! They need to be more accurate with their wait times. I offered to pick her up so she didn't have to wait and we could go directly to my nephews baseball game in Huntersville. I went completely out of my way for absolutely no reason. Be more accurate with your wait times!!
