3	This restaurant is a hard one to review. It has come highly recommended to me from friends and relatives, and I absolutely have to admit the food quality is very, very good. I've not had a dish, including the kids dishes, that weren't almost exceptional!  It has an acceptable, if a bit 'cool' atmosphere, and the wait staff tend sto be young, attractive, and very friendly.BUT! (and you knew it was coming with a 3-Star rating...) it is just not a good value.  For two examples: The Salads look large, but the bowls are quite shallow, and the kids plates might come with fries, but just not very many. I always leave pleased with the quality and service, but unfortunately I've also always left slightly hungry and surprised at the bill.
3	Good food and fast service, lots of families. I had the chicken bacon ranch pizza. I was underwhelmed with it. I'd heard so many people talk good about it that I may have expected too much. The kids liked it and didn't complain.Beware of the parking lot on a busy night for some reason people park just about anywhere and block people in up against the fence area. Kids in the car ready to go and now you can't back out...that was pleasant ;)We'll return, nice place.
2	Went to the Mint Hill location for lunch today (Sunday).  I was looking forward to it since Hawthorne's always gets high marks in reviews and polls.  However, I was a litte cautious since we were going to the one in Mint HIll and not the original in Elizabeth's.  We ordered the Buffalo Chicken pizza and a New Yorker Cheese pizza and kid's chicken fingers.  The service was good.  I was not impressed with the pizza.  One thought was that the pizza was under cooked, because one side of pizza the cheese was cooked and the other side it was not cooked all the way. Though the dough seemed cooked. I think the bigger reason was more the sauce on the cheese pizza.  It that had a tin can after taste to it and it didn't taste like a homemade sauce.  Even my 10 year old didn't like the cheese pizza.  The Buffalo Chicken pizza did have a little kick to it which is surprizing since it really is hard to get spicy in Charlotte.  The negative part about the pizza was that the chicken on top was diced chicken that probably came in frozen.  I was expecting that the chicken should have been breaded and cooked at the restaurant. I liked the atmosphere of the Mint HIll location, however I will give the chain one more chance but will go to the Elizabeth location instead.   The kids did like the chicken fingers and the waffle fries.  The waffle fries were nice and crispy and had a good flavor.
3	Hawthorne's is really tough to pin down.On one hand you have the food.  I actually quite like the pizza at this location (I've also been to another location and wasn't impressed).  The crust is crisp on the outside while the inside is light and chewy.  Nice.  The sauce is tasty and the toppings mingle nicely.  We did go for carnivorous pizza, however, so I can't really speak to veggie options.The meat, however, didn't have a bunch of flavor - I'd suggest something like The Crew pizza, where you get meat and banana peppers.  The flavors really blended well together.  Just getting meat didn't really bring out the flavors as well, however.Atmosphere in the place is nice, and much better than the cramped interior of the 7th/Monroe/Hawthorne location.  I'd also concur that they can get packed at times - especially nights.  Definitely be aware that this place is tough to find if you don't know where you are going, or if you are trying to give people directions.  Signage is almost non-existent.  For that reason, GPS may come in handy.Staff is very helpful, and at least when we were there, kept glasses full (however, we were their only table!).I would also agree that they can get pricey.  Their personal pizza is a good size for one person, but at $9, it doesn't really seem like that great of a value.  If you go to Big Guy's down the street, you can get a single slice that is about that size for half the price, or you can go to Little Caesar's and get an entire pizza that is larger for just more than half the price.  Is either as good?  Probably not.  But if you're feeding the kids and want to keep the price down, it might be important.Sweet Tea Report: Not too sweet, but very drinkable.  I personally prefer a bit more sweetness (okay, syrup-like would be good).  But this goes down really easily, so it's a good match with their pie.  Very high up on the list.
4	Never been to the original location, but frequent the Mint Hill location. Overall the place is great. They are known for their pizza, which is great, but they also have good sandwiches and the queso dip is awesome. Service is also good. If the prices were a little lower it would be exceptional.
4	I split a large Hawaiian pizza with a friend at Hawthorne's a few weeks ago.  I got way more than I asked for.  On my pizza were a plethora of toppings including pineapple, ham, bacon, Italian sausage, onions, and barbecue.  Though it still tasted great and was very filling, I was concerned that I would be charged a fortune for my "supreme" Hawaiian pie.After receiving the split bill, my order came in at well under $10, with no charge for the infinite number of toppings I received.  The leftovers made for a great lunch the following day, too! Very pleased with the service and pizza here.
5	I had a great experience at Hawthorne's! Adam Mark is a great bartender! He went over the specials and the experiencewas great! I enjoyed the slice of the day which was the crew pizza! Management was great and I will definantly be back!
4	Great pizza. Also had the garlic knots which were also good. Beer was cold. Service was good. I can't speak about the prices because my sister's new boyfriend picked up the tab...Score!!!
1	Was looking forward to going here as it was a bit closer to our house but was completely let down. Sorry to say that we wasn't impressed at all with our visit. The beer selection was very lacking as in they pretty much didn't have many locals to choose from. Service was o.k. but our waitress seemed to be more inclined to here boyfriend which was sitting right behind us. Lots of giggles and over reacting to whatever he was doing in his booth. She was also kinda pushy with taking our order. We'll just strike it up to just being very young.  We ordered the Caribbean Chicken Wings for the appetizer and have to say that if I didn't know any better I would swear that was the same sauce that goes on Sesame Chicken at a Chinese Restaurant. I even made the statement to our waitress that if they added some hot peppers to the sauce that they could call it General Tso's Chicken Wings. The wings themselves were over cooked. I assume that they pre-cook them and then throw them back into the oil when an order comes in. I could be wrong but it would explain why they were over cooked and dry inside. Kinda like chewing leather. We also ordered the Vegi-Sicilian Pizza and added white onions and kalamata olives. The toppings were great though lacking in the sauce department. Could have used a bit more sauce. The crust was horrific. Dry to the bone. Was like eating toast. each bite would turn to powder in your mouth. What a shame too. We will go back to Hawthorns Pizza but we will have to stick with the one on 7th street in Charlotte.
4	Great Stromboli (Buffalo Stromboli) and nice beer selection.    I enjoy going there.
4	Great unique spot in Mint Hill.  As all things in/near Charlotte, things have really grown in the past 10 years.  This pizza/restaurant seemed to pop up out of nowhere, but it's good to see a place like this in the community.Went early on a Friday evening (before it got crowded) and enjoyed a Hawthorne's salad and split a Hawthorne's Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza.  Perfect amount of food for 2 people that weren't exceptionally hungry.  But the salad hit the right note especially the yummy mandarin oranges and pecans nestled inside the greens.  It wasn't over dressed (as many places tend to drench salads) and a good size.  Pizza was good..... I could have wanted more toppings, but it seemed to strike the right balance of toppings, cheese, and crust.The only negatives I would have to say is the parking (in the back) but it was just getting busy as we were leaving on a Friday and the lot was already packed.  It also doesn't help that there is one way in and out and people started parking on the side of the street.  Like previously mentioned, there is no signage indicating Hawthorne's until you are right on top of it, (or passed)... but it doesn't look like this place is going anywhere anytime soon.
5	I like this little place. Good food. Good atmosphere. Good bar.
4	First time we ate here in the fall of 2010 we weren't blown away by the pizza. We have since been back a number of times and it has been much better and we now look forward to eating here. Easy place to bring kids. We have 4 kids and our server was great with them. Their salads are really good. Fried calamari is okay. They started slow for us but we are now fans.
4	For some reason, my boss decided that this was the place to meet new clients. Service was excellent - the waitress kept all of our glasses well filled the whole time.House made chips and the spicy dip were great. A little greasy, but I think that's the way it's supposed to be.Four people who didn't know each other couldn't decide on a pizza, so we let the waitress decide. She brought us a large pie (two slices each) with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. More greasiness, but it also seemed like it's supposed to be that way. The crust was really good - nice and crispy without being hard.
4	Good food and a staff that excels! Hawthorne's has several locations but I have only dined at the one in Mint Hill.  I have always found it to be clean, friendly, and prompt.  The menu has a nice variety.  I have sampled several of their pasta dishes, a couple of the sandwiches, and of course their pizza.  I have always found the food to be full of flavor and freshly prepared.  The bar is full service and has a decent selection of craft beers, even some locals ones show up, which I think is really great.  ( I have a big dedication to local business.)  The bar is an especially nice to watch the game, though there are huge TVs throughout the restaurant.  The real star of this place, in my opinion, is their staff.  Ellen (our usual waitress) is one of the most thoughtful waitresses I've ever seen.  If she has a well deserved night off, we ask for Fernando.  Yet another great waiter who makes your dining experience very enjoyable.  The staff as a whole works together and that, too, is a nice experience.  To me, dining here feels like hanging out with some friends.  Add some good food and what more can you ask for?  Check them out, you won't regret it.  Also.. if for some reason you feel something needs attention, please ask for a manager.  I have talked to a couple of the managers here and they really do want to make sure everyone is happy.
4	Good food and pretty solid service. I love that they bring the kids some pizza dough to play with - definitely kept the 2y/o happy. I've had both the buffalo wrap and the Stromboli - both were really good. Prices were a little higher than I would have expected for the quantity of food, but hey, they have to make a living, right?
4	I have a picky eater for a child and this is her favorite place. It is clean and the food is a good value. Tuesdays are our night as kids eat free.Service can sometimes be a bit slow but only when the place is super busy...which it isn't on Tuesdays.
3	So you're in the mood for pizza huh? Well this a good, just over average pizza joint. The service is usually pretty on point. A great spot to meet up with friends just before going out on the town. The wings here are better than some of their competitor's. And like most pizza joints, they have great pasta dishes too. Come, relax, be full.
1	I really wanted to like this place.I like the ambiance; the restaurant was clean, and you'd be hard pressed to find a harder working server.The food was poor.The chicken cutlet parmigiana dinners that my Wife & I had were off in a thousand ways:- Sauce was a little thin, and way too sweet.- Poultry quality could've been better.- Chicken was deep fried, instead of pan fried, and, along with the breading/seasoning, the meal tasted like a cheap spicy chicken nugget covered with sauce.- A small slice of garlic bread was served with the entree, instead of a customary loaf of bread served before/with dinner.Seldom do I find myself speaking poorly of a restaurant...in fact, this is my first critical review of a restaurant on Yelp.
3	Oh Hawthorne's. Your food is tasty! Your prices are not. I've been here a few times. Each time the experience has been a good one except for the prices. The most recent visit was a bit different, in a good way. I attended a Mint Hill Chamber event and got to sample a lot of different dishes. The meatballs were good and so was the artichoke dip! They had also had a sampling of a few sandwiches too. Those brownie, with a bit of cherry in them, were fantastic!! Of course the service is friendly and the atmosphere is nice. Is the food & experience worth the price? Maybe.
4	great pizza and spinach dip
4	Been here a few times and there's not really anything else like it in Mint Hill so it makes sense why its always pretty crowded.  Food has been good and have tried pizza, pasta and even a sandwich.  Service has been only ok though.  The kitchen is always incredibly loud though with the staff talking and laughing.  Usually its crowded so its not bad but even when its slow its still incredibly loud back there.
1	Very disappointed in the Calzone hardly any stuffing in them and  the calzone was not even cooked, still doughy. What is up with that? You can do a lot better for the price with 3 stuffings. I grew  up in a  town with lots of italian restaurants and this was not good. Expensive for the $$$.
3	What I like most about this place is the atmosphere. It's a nice hang out spot and the service at the bar is good. What I'm not crazy about is the pizza. It's OK, but there are a few pizza places in the area that are better like Big Guy's for example. If you're coming for the bar and a night out, it's a great place. If you are coming for the pizza, then you're coming for decent but not great pizza.
1	First my review is for the newest location in Harrisburg, NC. Let me start saying Harrisburg has very few restaurants.  We need more, because really Dino's is the only one that is good.  Hawthornes's will not change this fact.  It has not been open long so it has been difficult to go when there has not been lines out then door.  Usually a good sign for a restaurant...in this case not so much...like I said there are precious few places to eat in this town.  Well on our third attempt we got in on the night  of 5/1.  We were seated promptly and the staff was excellent.  Our server was prompt and took our drink order immediately.  Our family of 4 decided to order the Sicilian Deep Dish with Pepperoni and Sausage.  The Pizza was ready in the expected amount of time and looked great!  That was the last good feeling we had about Hawhorn's.  The pizza was flat out awful!!!  The pizza was lacking flavor of any kind.  We were starving so ate some...but brought most home hoping we could Dr. It up a bit to make it worth eating.  The box is in the refridge waiting To be thrown out.  I would not recommend this joint for pizza.  I can not judge any other dishes they may have.  Nice folks, good staff....can't make pizza!
5	So far the company is excellent but Hawthorns so far has great sweet tea. It isn't the overly sweet sugar water that other places serve. I ordered the homemade potato chips. We also had seven of the Caribbean wings as appetizers. Both were very tasty. For lunch we ordered two 9" pizzas a meatlovers and a spinach & garlic. Both were excellent and we had leftovers. The dessert was a shared piece of New York cheesecake with raspberry coulis. It was excellent as well. Our server was April was great. She was polite & professional & she gave us honest opinions of the different sauces on the wings. I look forward to dining there again.
2	Was really disappointed in the lack of attention from the staff and mistakes on orders. I also don't see how this place can justify a lunch for three people at the rate of nearly $70. I will not be a frequent flyer here.
2	Have tried this place a few times and I'm done eating here. Good service but the food is lousy. Had the fettuccini Alfredo this time and not impressed.  It was greasy and bland. They used to have incredible "Bold and Tangy" wings that were jumbo sized.They've changed the name to "Long Island Style" and substituted smaller wings while keeping the "jumbo" name. Big mistake.  If you want good wings less than a mile away is Dunwellz and their wings are much better. On the plus side Hawthornes has the nicest bar in Mint Hill and the appetizers are pretty good.
4	Great pizza and wings!!  Service was excellent!!! Will definitely go back again! The staff including the manager were very friendly and willing to cater to our needs!. We went with a Groupon special because I had never been. Prices were spot on as was service. Will definitely be back with or without a coupon!!!
4	Delicious food. Pizza and pastas are good. The veal cutlet sandwich is really good. The service isn't always great though.
3	Pizza is good. The pasta is fair. My husband and I eat here once a month. It's a bit pricey.  He gets the "angel hair" pasta but it definitely looks more like spaghetti noodles. Pasta isn't anything special. I like the BBQ chicken pizza or sandwiches. Service is decent
4	Delicious pizza. Go there on a Tuesday and a slice is 1$. They don't serve slices after 2pm. Staff was pretty friendly. Had to wait a while. Pizza is super greasy but I'm from NJ so it wasn't a problem. Nice environment.
