1	Worst pool service ever.  Not accommodating, horrible customer service, and disrespectful staff.  I would never recommend these guys to anyone!
5	We have been using Alchemist for almost 6 uears now, when we first moved to Las Vegas we had several pool companies "clean" or "maintain" our pool until it became such a nightmare we had to replace several parts of the system. That's when we met Alchemist through oir insurance & what a blessing in disguise.  We have used them ever since. The got our pool up & runnibg correctly again & at the time they didn't offer weekly maintenance in our area so for 3 years we just cleaned it ourselves refusing to undo what they had done for us & they handled the yearly maintenance. They now service our area weekly and our pool looks like one in a resort every week. Its so crystal clear Thank you Syd & crew without you that pool would have either still been sitting empty or we would have filled it in by now!
1	My appliance insurance company - - AHS (which covers my pool equipment) sent Alchemist out to repair my pool heater, which was not turning on.  The Alchemist tech reported to the insurance company that the heater should not be covered because I had not maintained the system properly and there were several issues with my heater as a result.  I complained to my insurance company and they sent another pool repair company out (Southwest) and the heater was quickly fixed.  The issue was that the on/off switch was bad.  The Southwest tech said that that there was no maintenance issue with the heater and there is nothing to maintain on the heater.  My pool heater is 20 years old and up until this repair has never had a part replaced.
1	Would love to say I've used them in my home but I havent.  I know them driving like compete tools around Henderson.  Yesterday on eastern I was almost t-boned and then they cut me off and just missed clipping my front bumper.  If yoy are too inadequate in life to drive properly, don't!  Especially in your company truck with the phone number on it!  There needs to be a zero star option, btw.
