3	This venue can be a lot of fun, it just depends on the night.  I saw Lotus and Telepath here not to long ago and there weren't really that many people there.  This was nice, because it allowed my friend and I to have a more intimate experience with the bands, and we could easily move around and dance.  They usually have acclaimed and respected musicians rolling through here, Herbie Hancock put on a show here not to long ago.  Then again I really hope that they aren't falling to much into the mainstream scene, because I saw Nelly on the marquee the last time I past through the area.
4	Located in NoDa, Neighborhood Theatre is one of my favorite music venues in Charlotte. They pulled out their theater seats a while back, which was a great change. It opened up the large floor for shows and now they add chairs back in when they're needed. In addition to hosting local acts, Neighborhood Theatre has brought in some great shows. I saw They Might Be Giants, The Stars and The Islands there, to name a few. Tickets are general pretty cheap (around $10-$15) and the bar is well-stocked. I've had some good nights there.
3	The Neighborhood is a staple in the charlotte music scene. It's a pretty awesome venue, with a pretty cool staff, but, let's be honest, it's still in Charlotte. You will have the awesome bands role through (Bela, Victor Wooten, Tower of Power, Little Feet, Tea Leaf Green, Lotus, etc.), and some very, obscure stuff (the film festivals come to mind). The crowd is hit or miss. I've seen it straight packed and there is no room to move, and I've been one of 7 or 8 people there. Not the best place I've been to, but a classic Charlotte Venue.
5	I heard that this theatre may be going under in March if it doesn't have a buyer...a true shame, this is my favorite venue in North Carolina...I've been to over 30 shows there, and I absolutely love it. Great fan, no smoking, great gigs, great drink prices, nice staff...couldn't ask for more. Love the NODA district, and I hope it will be saved.
5	Great place to see live music.  Good beer, cool staff, chill crowd.  Plenty of stuff to do in the area too.  There is free parking on the streets so don't pay for the lot.
4	Fun place to see a band , I just wish it was closer to my side of town.
5	Hope that this place never closes, one of the best spots in Charlotte to see live music.
5	My husband and I love this place. It's intimate, hip, and cool. Great beer, great staff, great vibe, and great line ups. I can't say enough about this place (and this is coming from a girl who has been entrenched in the San Francisco and Austin music scene)!
5	The music scene in Charlotte can be a little sparse.  I imagine a lot of acts just don't want to roll through the Queen City for whatever reason.  Thank goodness for the Neighborhood Theater, then, not only for being a great venue for a fan, but for being the type of venue that I think a lot of bands would really enjoy playing.The main performance space is airy and well ventilated, especially when they've got that monster ceiling fan running.  Where did they find that thing?  On the Death Star?I also like that they've got seating in addition to the standing-only floor space.  I sat through three bands in a row a few weeks ago, comfy as I could be in my padded seat.  Might make me sound geriatric, but I appreciated taking a load off.I was all the more comfortable as a result of the excellent beer selection at the concession.  They've got a top notch bunch of brews, including Sierra Nevada, Bell's, and Sweetwater.  Nice job on that.To top it all, the acoustics are great, and it's pretty conveniently located.Neighborhood theater is the type of place Charlotte cannot afford to be without, and I'm looking forward to many more shows there.
3	ah, the good ol' theatre. My music home away from home. There are quite a few good acts t hat come through this little venue situated in the heart of NODA. Personally, I love it when I can go to a concert, and not worry about how much I drink because I can walk home, one of the greatest feelings that not many people get to enjoy. The theater itself it pretty nice, a lot of work has been put into it in the past few years. The bar has been re-done, adding liquor, and the sound is pretty good no matter where you are in the venue. They have a lot to park in behind the theatre ($5 I think), otherwise usually plenty of street parking around. Staff is usually very friendly and cool.They are always hosting free shows (usually 1 or 2 a month) so keep your eye on their calender for a nice cheap night out  at a real fun venue!
3	Checked out the Neighborhood Theatre for the first time on Halloween for the Rocky Horror Picture Show. The theatre is typical NoDa...artsie/fartsie (yes, a phrase of endearment). The place is a little old and run down, but a nostalgic feel about it. People are extremely nice and helpful and is a great focal point for a quaint neighborhood. I look forward to returning soon to see a live musical show...Marshall Tucker Band anyone?!
5	One of my top two favorite places to watch live music  in Charlotte (Double Door Inn is my other)!  Located in NoDa this place has a great sound system with no bad seat in the house.  Go when the doors open to reserve a seat, then go grab a cocktail and explore NoDa (The Dog Bar and Cabo Fish Taco are two other favorites in the area)!  Prefer to stand?!?  Plenty of room for that up front so you can be up close and personal...and dance!  Neighborhood Theatre also upgraded their bar area- now serving all kinds of beers, licquor, etc.  Cheers...see you at a show!
5	Recently attended the Neighborhood Theatre. wants to say CONGRATULATIONS to the The Latin American Coalition - Charlotte, NC for selling out the event and it being only their 2nd year doing the event! The vendors were great, the people were fully participative and everyone had a great time. BCBS, USAirways, Cricket, etc had great giveaways! I'll be back next year! The Venue was a pretty good size, nice size music hall for concerts, plays, and festivals, Check out their production line up and see for yourself. I'm sure you all will be pleased. I was and will definitely be back for more fun!
4	I want to adore the Neighborhood Theater, I really do. As a music venue, it gives me all that I could ask for. If you are willing to shell out for VIP tickets, more than you would normally ask for, like a charming woman who brings you your beer from the bar so you don't miss a number. They also regularly host the All Arts Market which is a great place for local artists to show off their absolute awesomeness and for local consumers to buy unique pieces to display in their homes. Do you want a beer while you groove or shop? They have a great mix of local craft brews (obviously along with the big beer standards) for you purchase for less than 5 bones.I want to adore the Neighborhood but I merely like it.I guess the fact that parking can be a pain (there are spaces on the street but the lot behind is $3 pretty much all the time) and the schedule is less my taste than other spaces in town pulls my cursor from the 5 star range to the 4 star range.Maybe you disagree with me though, so I do suggest you try it out for yourself.
4	If this place knocked their prices down just a few dollars, they would get my fifth star!I love this place. They get great acts, they have great sound, they are a serious, professional music venue. They do it right. And over the years, it has been great to watch them take this place to the next level.Check out the giant fan this thing sports as well. It's the biggest fan I have ever seen.
4	We heard from a friend that one of our favorite bluegrass bands was playing here and that tickets were only $12.  I wasn't expecting much from the venue, honestly.  Man, was I wrong!  We got there about an hour early for our will-call tickets, and were able to tape name cards to our seats (which were right next to the stage), and go to dinner.  The drink prices weren't any higher than we would have paid at the bars surrounding the theater, and there were about 10 draft beers, 20 bottled, liquor, and wine.  (Bring cash for the bar, or there's an ATM there.)I'd love to see another show here; if you're on the fence, give it a try!
5	I must reiterate what an amazing place this is and how it is absolutely a staple not only to the NoDa area, but the entire live music seen in Charlotte.  I apologize for my quick review before but most of my write ups are about food, so I was just straight to the point.Sooooo, much history here, and more to be made.  Many bluegrass legends such as Doc Waston, Del McCourey, and Acoustic Syndicate.  Other genre's such as Little Feet, Rusted Root, and even members of Crosby, Sills, and Nash have graced these doors.  Too many too mention.   There are many free shows quite often and its one of the biggest venues where you can still feel that intimate vibe from your favorite artists, IMO.  1000ish capacity I'd say.FIRST OF ALL:Don't park in their parking lot unless your in a hurry, there are plenty of free spots up and down the sidestreets of the area.As soon as you walk up and see the marque, you know the place is legit.  Once you walk in the can see the side stage if open and a bar to your left, always filled with friendly faces.  There are plenty of good beers on tap($4 for a stone IPA being my favorite) at this cash only bar.For most larger shows, this side stage I speak of, is rarely noticed and the dance floor for it is open for you to watch the main stage in the next room over.  That is where the fun is.  There is normally a dance floor open up front with seating behind it, but when "softer", more singer songwriter type shows happen they pull out the seats for all.  Another option is the balcony upstairs(which is full of seats), is normally a great place to be, because many that don't know the theater well don't know about it, although it can get a little hot up there.  The VIP section may be worth it to you as having a waitress is nice, but you'll pay a little more for the ticket.The place is nice, but the talent they pull is amazing, rarely if ever have I heard anything not at least listenable, and except for a couple free acts everything I've seen there has sounded great.  This place normally has something going on all the time, and coincides with the gallery crawls too.  This is a piece of Charlotte that has to be witnessed, read the calendar, if you don't see anything you recognize, read some reviews of the bands, I have a feeling there is something there for almost everybody.  At least go buy and check out the free arts market when it happens.Hope to see ya there, I'll probably be the guy with a beer in his hand standing front row.
4	Came here to see Punch Brothers - a bluegrass band. The acoustics were excellent. The layout of the place is very funky, which adds to it's appeal to me. In my opinion, the perfect size place for live acts. Big enough to have an energy to it, small enough to still have an intimate felling. Don't forget to check out the Salvador Dali inspired vagina mural at the entrance to the ladies room!
4	Neighborhood Theatre is a staple in No Da & I am so thankful they were able to weather the economy & stay open. Two things that really stand out is the old school marquee sign out front & the history & "open-mindedness" of the venue.  This place houses meetings, church services, hip-hop acts, art shows, pop, funk, country...the list goes on! Ticket prices are reasonable, as well.The ambiance doesn't say much, but the sound system is incredible.
5	Great place to see any show!  Large venue, they use curtains to section it off for smaller shows but the place is huge.  In the main stage area there is the biggest fan I've ever seen, possibly bigger than most helicopter blades, and it churns out hurricane like wind that will literally blow you off your feet.  There is a huge mushroom statue right inside the entrance that appropriately makes you feel like you are falling down the rabbit hole.... which side of the mushroom did you eat? They have $3 PBRs on draft which is a nice deal.  The bathrooms are by no means high-class but they do have awesome, high-tech, eco-friendly hand dryers that remind me the old school operation game, don't hit the side or you lose.  Ps- they sell earplugs here if you forget to bring your own!  but if you value your hearing I would recommend having a pair stashed in your back pocket.
4	Just went to a concert at the NT in NODA and I had a great time. Its big, clean, and they have sitting which is such a plus. They only take cash for drinks. Stick with the beer their mix drinks are not the best.
4	I LUV Neighborhood Theatre!!!  For concerts, recycled proms, movie night, whatever the occasion this place rocks.  Support local if you can and don't take it for granted!  It is tough to keep special venues like this open.  It is not a huge place and it will sellout if someone bigger is there so get there early if your favorite band is coming.  The staff is always super nice and don't forget the bar is cash-only!  Sometimes the parking is free around the side of the building, depends on what is happening at the Theatre that night.  Pick up a flyer when you get there that tells you of all of the upcoming shows.  Tip the bartenders well and you will always be remembered!!  :-D
3	Last Friday I checked out the All Arts show here.  Bow-ties to Zeitgeist... Hats, Jewelry, Paintings and Nicole.Years ago I attended a film Festival here and it was a lot of fun though some of the seating was way past worn out!  I was glad to see they ripped out all of the old seating!  This is still a cool place and I would attend a future event here.
4	I've visited the Neighborhood Theatre a few times now - ranging from a show, to Rocky Horror to the All Arts Market. Each time the venue provides an extensive amount of space and nostalgia to keep me coming back! I'll echo the comments of others here - it's a big venue full of possibilities and staffed by very friendly people. And when I say possibilities, believe that any type of event under the sun is held here: church groups, movie previews, music of any and every kind, kitschy peep shows, art shows, and more. That's actually what I love most about Neighborhood Theatre...its involvement in the community and its interest in showcasing a wide variety of talent. Is it the cleanest, most impressive event/music venue I've been to? Absolutely not. But I don't think I would love it the same if it were. Support our local establishments...head to Neighborhood Theatre and pick up a flyer of what's to come. Oh, and bring your cash...that's the only way you'll score a drink at the bar!
4	Just went to the Neighborhood Theater for my first time, and it was quite a great experience!  Saw a concert there last night (Gaelic Storm).  The atmosphere in the place is very laid back, very open and very friendly.There are several sections to the theater, separated by some partition walls and curtains.  If you are interested in sitting, and don't have VIP tickets, you should plan on getting there early.  My group was there just on time for the show, all seats were taken but there was plenty of standing room on the floor right in front of the stage.  I think we were about 3 or 4 feet from the stage!  Not bad at all.Parking cost us $3 (a bargain) and they have a very nice selection of beers, both bottled and draft.  I think most drafts were $4, bottles maybe $3.50-$4.50?  Very fair price considering beers cost triple that at the Fillmore.If you like the artist that is playing, this is a great place to go because while it's big enough to hold a decent crowd, it's small enough to maintain a more intimate feel, and like I said, you can easily get right up to the stage.It's a great little place and I highly recommend it.  Will be going back for sure.
4	This is a great place to see a band.  I have also been here for church and few other events - just about anything can happen at the Neighborhood Theatre.  Thanks to Nicole W. and my amazing rhyming skills (lol) I was able to catch the North Mississippi Allstars last night  - it was a great show.  The staff is always friendly and they have a good selection of beers. Being that I'm only 5 feet tall I enjoy that I can always find a place at the Neighborhood theatre where I can see the stage that is a big plus!
4	I love the Neighborhood Theatre... it has kept me coming back for years.  From the Indigo Girls to DSO, the Brazilian Girls, North Mississippi Allstars, and Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band, to my most recent show-- the Blue Dogs and Drivin N Cryin, this is just a fantastic and friendly venue to see and hear a show.  It gets loud and it can get crowded (very crowded) but it is usually a fun and friendly crowd.  On occasion you might want to get there early (bring a yard chair) if you want to grab a general admission seat (just put your name on the paper and pen you brought with you, and use the scotch tape you also remembered to bring) and reserve your seat... now head out to grab a bite while you wait for the show to start!  Seriously, it is that friendly... but, remember your seats won't allow for you to view the show, which is great for say, a husband who got dragged to see the IG.  There are seats upstairs that are sometimes open, sometimes included in the GA price and sometimes reserved, just check the show listing.  There is also a VIP seating area that comes with a server.  I am fine to get my own PBR or-- the value cup!-- a big ole, in the case of this past weekend, Sierra Nevada.  Score!Bathrooms surprisingly rarely have much of a wait... probably because you want to get in and out as fast as you can...but, they do have a Dyson hand dryer (the long one that you take your hands in and out of while hearing a sound similar to a jet engine!).  This spot is a neighborhood staple and is an anchor to the area.  It is truly local business at its finest.  It also really helped ramp up the music scene in Charlotte...
4	An intimate venue that is able to pack a lot of people in to a small space without feeling too crowded.  I finally went to see a show at Neighborhood Theatre a few weeks ago, and I really enjoyed myself.  That may have been due to who was playing (Jeff Mangum of Neutral Milk Hotel), but as someone who goes to shows quite often, I can attest that the quality of venue is almost as important, if not as important, as the talent.    It's easy to find and is neighbor some of NoDa's best spots - Smelly Cat, Cabo Fish Taco, Growler's, etc.I recently heard that new management is taking over Neighborhood Theatre and the huge ceiling fan will be going elsewhere, unfortunately.  I'm confident, however, that the experience will be just as good without the ceiling fan (albeit a little warmer!)
4	I'm definitely a fan of this place for the pure fact that I'm excited to see what will happen with this theater over the coming months when new management takes over. The new management team has done wonders for the Evening Muse in Noda, and with a bigger venue, the sky will be the limit.
4	Music is an integral part of my life.  If I don't go to at least 2 concerts every month I start to go through withdrawals. I'm a much bigger fan of smaller venues than massive sized arenas.  When the venue is smaller the entire concert experience is enhanced because it's more intimate and you're closer to the artist.  Neighborhood Theatre can seat a few hundred with mezzanine seating at stage right and floor seating facing the stage. The sound is great and spot on.  You can easily hear every note that is played or sung.  The only drawback is that the space is a bit dated and could use a few modern touches.  Other than the decor I think this place is awesome and will definitely be back for more concerts or events.
5	This place is dramatically better inside since they fixed it up. The once dinky bar counter is now a full on bar with plenty of seating and selection. Various types or art adorns the wall, though it's a little dark to fully appreciate some of it. The lighting is appropriate for everything else though.They didn't really change the stage area. There is still a giant stage with tons of space in front of it and plenty of dancing and sitting room. There is one new thing in the stage room. You can access a section of the bar now, which is awesome.The is one let down. I'm not sure if they are fixing it up or it's just been closed but you can no longer get up on the balcony, which used to be one of my favorite places to relax. Hopefully they have it open again. But all and all, I love what they did with the place.
4	This quaint little theatre, tucked away is quite the gem. The acoustics are great, the prices on alcohol are a bit much but you're here for the show anyways. Get there early if you want to be seated/standing in front of the stage, otherwise you'll be stuck to the side bar area, where you can't see and the acoustics aren't really that great.
4	This is a Charlotte favorite. I have always been in conflict with the drunken, sticky floors on Saturday night and church on Sunday.If anyone has been there recently they have noticed the changes. They are good. The bar is nicer and there are 2 stages nowPlease keep doing the Noda arts/crafts fairs.
3	Attended here for the yelp summer soire...when you first arrive the outside is a little dated but as you enter it is a huge space, large enough for private events, I really like the feel of the place and would love to come for a scheduled concert event...it is very dim in the place as well. Has a Nice size bar. Since everything was free didn't get a feel of there bar to be able to get an accurate review. Overall the place is very inviting and clean. Would love to plan an event here soon.
4	Nice size. Can't wait to check it out for a show.
2	We went to see a concert by a great band, Lake Street Dive, and they were fantastic. Beautiful harmonies and spectacular instrumentalists, the lead singer is destined for greatness. The venue was disappointing in that there is NO SEATING besides a tiny balcony that was sold out. Patrons are expected to stand for hours on an unlevel floor in a very hot and overcrowded room. For $20, you would think there would be seating.
1	Very disappointed.  They no longer have shows in the big theatre where the big stage is.  Instead, bands perform in a large space adjacent to the large and torn down theatre. There's a bar where you can buy overpriced drinks.  Beers were $5.  There's no place to sit to watch the bands. Everybody stands.  The men's bathroom reeked of urine.  The current management doesn't get it.  People heartily supported this place when the big theater was in operation.  We drove from 45 miles away and were utterly disappointed. The acoustics in the new space are awful.  The band sounded muffled.  Fortunately, the Dog Bar was a block away and it was easy to comfort our disappointment with some canine friends.
