5	Thank you guys for a great move and best wishes for this new location.A few months ago, I offered my assistant to move out of Tempe, AZ, as she was unhappy in her relationship, of course it was a last minute thing, once she finally said yes. I contacted AZ student movers and spoke to Ed, who was knowledgeable and helpful in the whole organization of the move and the quote was very precise. I did look around other moving companies and got a few other quotes, but this company gave me the best price and I felt good about helping students... I was a student too, for many years.I can say the move went above all expectations. My assistant asked if she could drop off a few of her furniture to her parents, also needed help putting her bed and a few other pieces apart to make it easier to move, and all her requests were fulfilled.Everything was wrapped in tons of blankets and bubble wrap and, that proved to be another fantastic move. My assistant was happy with the whole experience, so I am too, especially since I'm the one who picked up the bill. Thanks again guys and keep on doing great work.
5	I came to Tempe, AZ to help my cousin who is an ASU student to move into her new apartment near the campus. I wanted to help my cousin out by paying for her move and this company gave me a really good deal. I spoke to Ed when I was looking for an estimate. Ed was really helpful and the prices he provided were in my price range. The two movers that came were Jason and Ed. They came on time and were friendly. They worked very hard for 3 hours. They took apart the bed and put it back together. All the fragile stuff was wrapped carefully with shrink wrap. My cousin was very happy that none of her stuff broke. Will definitely refer them to family and friends.
5	I had a great experience with AZ Student Movers. Off of a referral I gave them a call to get an estimate. When I called I spoke with Ed, he gave me an affordable estimate so I decided to go with them to help me move. On my moving day, Ed and Jason arrived on time and fully prepared. They brought with them all the right equipment such as dollies, furniture pads, shrink wrap, lifting straps, and tie downs. It seemed like they had everything they needed for every piece of furniture I had. They were very friendly and extremely fast! I really appreciated their hard work and kind attitude... they really went above and beyond to make my move stress free. I will definitely hire them again and recommend them to everyone I know who needs movers.thanks guys!
