5	The decor is so fun and cool in here that you will want to replicate it for your own home! The location is amazingly convenient for a busy Summerlin mom on-the-go. It's a great healthy alternative to all the fast food options in that area. I've been following them on Instagram at "AcaiToTheT" for a month now and they do an awesome job of creating a variety of beautiful bowls. My almost 3 year old is your typical picky eater, and even he can't resist a pretty purple bowl of yumminess.
5	This place is amazing! They have the best acai and pitaya bowls in town. Their servings are very generous compared to most places and they have great service. Try this place and you won't be disappointed.
5	Best new place in Summerlin!!  My kids are picky eaters and both loved it.  My daughter asked if we could go after school sometimes!  Very healthy and tasty!  We will go back often.
5	Today my girlfriend I were in Summerlin and we wanted to have a healthy lunch. We stumbled upon this new place called Acai to the T. My girlfriend is vegan and was very impressed with the wide variety of options. The staff was friendly and let us sample the product while explaining the ingredients and background of the food. The menu had a lot of innovative food choices. We ordered the body builder and rising shine. It was delicious and we will defiantly be coming back. Much better then a smoothie.P.s they had WiFI.
5	Love the fresh organic ingredients!  It is a cozy place to relax as well.  We are working on tasting the whole menu, but the Makai is impressive.  Best tasting acai ever!
5	Finally an quality acai spot! Just bummed it's not closer to me in mountains edge. I had the Rise and Shine and it was so delicious! My husband had Berry Good and he said it was berry good! There's so much I want to try and I'll be back!
5	So good. Love this place. I practically live here. Been here every day since I've tried it!
5	This place is great! The bowls are awesome and the staff is very helpful and friendly. Definitely recommend this place!!
3	Three stars and I'm being generous. There is only frozen fruit, they put honey on the bowl and didn't disclose it after I told them that I was vegan. They use pre-made cheap apple juice in most of their smoothies and they also advertise that they make fresh squeezed juice but turns out that they don't even have a machine nor fresh fruit to juice there.
5	What a great experience I'm addicted! I now tried several of them but my fav is Rise and Shine acai bowl with strawberries blueberries kiwi and a touch of honey Yummy! Healthy tasty and a great meal replacement.
4	Just tried this place out for the first time & ordered the small Rise & Shine acai bowl. It has mango & pineapple blended with the acai. In addition it has sliced strawberries, sliced bananas, honey, & of course the granola. Not sure what's in the granola & honey, but it was delicious. The consistency of the acai was not thin at all. I definitely recommend this place & plan on coming back for another breakfast on the go. They are fairly new, so I can tell the staff is still learning in the works. It took at least 10 minutes to make the bowl. The price was between $7-8 for the small bowl. I forget the comparison with other acai places, but for the price of this, it's worth the tasty freshness & antioxidants ;)
5	Loved the "Feel Good" Pitaya Bowl.  Good service, very friendly people, and the bowls are just amazing. Nice decor inside.  I like the look and feel of it. WiFi also available there.  Glad they are here at this location.
5	This place is unbelievably delicious!!! I loved everything about it. I got the berry acai and my sister got the body builder acai. I kept taking bites of each because I couldn't get enough. Also, their portions are large (we ordered the regular size). Definitely worth the buy. I can't wait to go back. I think I found my new favorite place!
3	This review is based on the fact that I've never had an acai bowl and have nothing to compare it to. I've been here when it was a frozen yogurt shop and I like the decor and what they've done with the place, very cute and inviting. The workers were friendly but I believe I saw the owner and he did not say a word. I was hoping he would give me some information considering he heard it's my first time.I really wanted to like it, and I did when I was given a sample. When it was made it was then blended with premade apple juice and within 2 minutes it was cold soup like and melted not making it very appetizing. But I did enjoy it for the first 2 minutes, then it started melting. Again I wouldn't know if this is common practice to blend with apple juice but I do try to stay away from juices unless they are freshly squeezed and this was not. I would like to try other acai bowls and so I would have something to compare it to. Others seem to give it great reviews which is what brought me in.
5	Very happy with my experience here! The girls up front where very helpful finding the right bowl for us and made sure we knew everything that it contained before it was made. Used to go to Juice N Go often but I think this might have to be my new spot!
5	Ten times better than juice n go hands down, so happy they have this location in vegas!!!! Rise & shine was very delicious, very fruity!
