5	These guys are great! Turned up on time, handled my stuff carefully, and went above and beyond to ensure our move went smoothly. The prices are pretty much the same as all the movers I got quotes from. The best part was, the guys that turned up were easy to communicate with (spoke English perfectly). Very important on a stressful day. I'd definitely use these guys again.
3	Movers were quite nice and on time. I would've given them more stars but for the fact that, although they started out really fast, toward the end they moved at a snail's pace. One guy outside the whole time -- doing what I don't know -- the other bringing stuff in the new house. Cleaning out the old house, they both worked, and at a rapid pace. When you're paying $100 an hour I think we have a right to expect them not to drag their feet to run the bill up. But, this is Vegas, after all. They broke a lot of stuff as well: glassware, a box spring mattress, etc. I wish I would've known about this stuff before I tipped them.Will I use them again? I don't think so. I know Vegas has a lot of flaky businesses, I've been here 10 years. But I think I'll look for someone that takes better care of my stuff.
5	Harold and Joe were amazing!  They were professional and fast.  This is an honest moving company, and we all know that honest moving companies are hard to find in Vegas.  They charge $100/hour and just $25 for 15 min. after that.  Minimum of 2 hours.
2	Very disappointed. I have used them numerous times and I have never seen the lack of care that these 2 guys gave my stuff. Jose smelled of smoke and alcohol. Harold seemed nice but as the move progressed...he got moodier and took less care of my stuff. I have used champion movers before (different guys) and normally everything takes abt 2 hours. Right now I am looking at over 3 hours and they are still not done. They have broken things, dropped boxes and spilled things. The only way that anything in my boxes would have spilled is if they carried the boxes upside down. Now I have to wonder, why carry a box upside down???? I'm very disappointed in Champion Movers today. Not sure if I will use them again after this. Very very disappointed!!!! Maybe they should be more careful abt who they hire as movers in the future. These 2 guys have made Champion Movers who I have always raved abt look very very bad!!!
3	I'm a cheapskate, so I moved pretty much everything I could on my own. But certain things were too heavy, so I called Champion Movers to take my washer/dryer and about 10 other pieces of bulky/unwieldy, heavy stuff.My brother-in-law gave me all this advice as to how to protect myself from them scamming me (you know how some businesses like to take advantage of a "helpless" woman). He advised me to disassemble as much as possible beforehand, so they couldn't drag ass unscrewing shit and force me to pay additional hours. He warned me that they might lollygag when wrapping stuff, also to pad their hours. He also cautioned that they might try and force me to pay for a 3-hour minimum.To their credit, they did none of this!! They (Donny and Adrian) wasted little time wrapping, packing and loading my stuff, and everything was moved in exactly two hours (come to find out, they have a 2-hour minimum...so it worked out).The only beef I had was, the dispatcher who took my initial call assured me they would be by on move day between 12-3pm, and would call 30 min prior to arrival. I figured 12-3 meant 3:15, so around 12 I was just getting ready to disassemble my bed and stuff, to make it easier (less expensive)...when they SHOWED UP, unannounced, at my front door at 12pm sharp!! I appreciated their timeliness, but a warning call would have been nice -- I was still in my PJs, and my nasty-ass old bong was still sitting out on my bedside table! Embarrassing!!!My only other complaint was that they chipped one of the legs on my sofa...and didn't offer to credit me or anything. No big deal, though -- all in all, they were very cool and I would recommend them to anyone.Donny mentioned something in passing about a tip, so then I felt obligated to tip them $20 each...bringing my total to $240. Not unreasonable...but not really a super bargain. Still, all things considered, they were alllllll right :-)
1	I used this company for a 3 part move for a 70 year old slightly disabled man. First move was fine; second move they put a nick in the wall and I pointed it out to both movers at the beginning of the the 3rd unload. In the end they lied and said they did not do it.After the 3rd move the homeowner found that his roll top desk had been put together in such bad form that it could not be used and so the next morning I called the owner of the company, Paul Nepa, and he assured me that he would have it fixed that day.We waited until 10 PM that night and nobody came; we waited all day Sunday and Monday and nobody came so I had to call a handyman to rebuild the desk which he said they destroyed.While waiting those days the homeowner found slats for his bed hidden behind somebags he had put on a shelf......unbelievable.....so now we have no idea when the bed will fall apart.When the owner was contacted on Wednesday to find out why nobody had showed up to correct things the previous Saturday he was surprised and said he thought it had been taken care of......really !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I could go on and on but why bother...nobody has that much time. Will simply sayDO NOT USE CHAMPION MOVERS  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!and check out the other bad reviews on here !!!!!!
1	Their service is great if you don't mind them breaking your furniture.
5	They did a good job. I would recommend them in the future. There was some minor issues, but they were very responsive.
4	It's been awhile since I used them, but it was a decent experience as far as moving companies go. The website and paperwork were pretty complicated and confusing, so I kinda just signed on the line and hoped for the best. The guy in the office was very helpful and friendly and the movers were too. They seemed to move fast, but it took longer than I thought it would (but, honestly, moving always does!). It cost a lot, but we couldn't have done it  on our own and it was worth it.
5	Highly recommended, but I would check out the bbb reviews for more information on this company. Totally worth it!
5	Second time I use this guys and let me tell you I can't be more satisfied, they came in 20 minutes early and the guys were very probational. The move was faster then I thought and they helped us put all the beds together the TV's on the walls which I hate to do!!! I will defiantly use them again (I hate to move) and would recon and them to all my friends.
1	....
