2	Ok, a bit of explanation why I gave this place 2 stars.  The food is good...it is your traditional lasagna, ravioli, and pasta fare.  Not the best I've had, but it tastes great when you're craving traditional Italian.  However, the service here is so slow that it literally took almost 2 hours for me to get my food.  The waitress was stressed out, even though the place wasn't busy.  So I think there may have been a staffing problem the day I went.  Maybe I'll try it again some day and see if the service gets better.
3	Good pizza ... I've only had delivery from them (a couple of times) ... the pizza was fine ... timely delivery ...
4	Pretty tasty.  Went here for a wedding rehearsal dinner.  I had heard of this place, but had never eaten there.  Since it was a wedding rehearsal dinner, they had a little of everything on our plates, so it was a fun way to try out the restaurant. I'd like to go back and see the menu and order something that strikes my fancy!
3	Though the outside was dingy and deserted-looking, the inside was only mildly better.  One side of the restaurant is darkly-lit and is a full bar with TVs showing sports.  The other side is more brightly-lit and is the more formal part of the restaurant, which is where we sat.Food was ok.  I had the linguine primavera, though my husband fared better with his calzone.  My guess is their pizzas and calzones are better than the rest of the menu.  My ceasar salad came out with parmesan shaken from one of those cans...not fresh.  I found that to be very funny at the time (the cheap wine helped), but I wouldn't order it again.Service was ok.  Our waitress was nice and although she didn't know the menu well, she was apologetic and quick to find out the answers to our questions.So, overall I'm giving it three stars...cheap wine, ok food, and the odd assortment of individuals in the bar area providing entertainment give this restaurant a weird charm...but it won't be my first choice of places to eat.
4	We visited the stand for this restaurant at the farmer's market downtown.  We sampled their zucchini lasagna, eggplant lasagna, two kinds of eggplant rollatini, meatballs, peppers and sausage and bruschetta.  Overall, I was really impressed, and it can be difficult to impress me with Italian food.  Their eggplant and zucchini were sliced so thin that they practically melted in your mouth, which is my favorite way to eat it.We ended up buying some rollatini and zucchini lasagna to take home, and we're curious about trying out the restaurant sometime soon.  More to follow...
3	This place is classic east coast Italian, with parking in the rear and an unmarked back door entrance included.  Definitely a run down, hole in the wall type of place with a musty smell and a decor I'm sure hasn't ever changed in the decades this place has existed.  Five of us came in on Saturday night on a whim to "try something different" from our usual haunts.  Boy was this place different!  We sat in the bar area where several tvs were showing the cards preseason game, and one muted tv was on the sound of music...There were 3 or 4 other parties in the bar area, average age was approx 68.  Fortunately none of them really had any problem with our obnoxious drunkenness.  Not sure how many people were in the dining room portion of the restaurant, but suffice it to say the place was far from empty, which is always a good sign.  But there was only 1 bartender/waitress working in the bar area, and though we were more than patient and amiable, she was still very flustered with her duties.  Eh, we were drunk and didn't care.On to the food.  We ordered the eggplant rollatini and mozz sticks to start, a pizza, manicotti, chicken parm, and fettuccine alfredo.  Everything was pretty good, huge portioned, relatively cheap, traditional italian(-american) food.  It really hit the spot!  The marinara sauce was incredible, and the manicotti was bursting with ricotta.  The pizza was good, the chicken parm standard (the spaghetti was cooked perfectly al dente), and the fettuccine was probably the loser of the group (my meal, of course) - it was good, but not as creamy as I had hoped.All in all, this was exactly the type of experience we expected and went looking for.  I honestly have a feeling we'll all be back.
5	I have not visited this restaurant in it's new location, but holy cannolis' their food is good!!  I have also purchased their food MANY times at the Phoenix Farmer's market.  I super highly recommend their salad with Italian dressing and Vegetable Lasagna with either the eggplant or zucchini.  This is no ordinary veggie lasagna!  I repeat: this is no ordinary veggie lasagna!  The veggies are sliced almost un-explainablly thin and taste as though they have been breaded even though they have not.  It's pure, delightful, Italian magic!  And don't even get me started on that red sauce.  I'm daydreaming about it right now.  Well, I gotta get out of my dreams and into my car and go order some ASAP.  Also:Eggplant Parmigiana YUM!
5	The food is superb, and the bread, oh,oh,oh,oh...i have searched far and wide across the US to find bread makers that equal the quality made in Europe.  I have found it here.  Baguettes better than any others i have had in PHX.
2	Because someone highly recommended this place, we tried to have dinner here while it was still located on 7th Street.  We opened the door, looked in, and walked out.  Food might have been good but the place was just one of those joints that time forgot.  I would have overlooked the ambiance had I thought the food was going to compensate.  Didn't think that was possible so we didn't stay.  Fast forward several years later - the place has now moved (to yet another dicey location).  We decided to give it another go because the reviews on Yelp are so good.  Food was edible.  I just don't get being served spaghetti with marinara sauce with veal piccata (which has lemon and capers).  And I especially dislike spaghetti that has the mushiness of Chef Boyardee.  Even Old Country Buffet is better than this and they don't charge $16 for the plate.  Hubby's sausage and peppers dinner was also edible, but value was definitely missing.  Sadly, I didn't get a taste of the delicious bread mentioned by Jason B.  So what are the alternatives for Italian food close by?  Pino's on Thomas Road and Central has awesome food in a down home kind of environment.  Aiello's on Central and Camelback has better food and ambiance for maybe a buck more per plate.  Bar seems pretty cool for the "right" crowd.
5	Hidden Gem of a restaurant!!! I came to dinner not expecting much because the restaurant is located within the lobby of the Day's Inn. I was hungry and just wanted someplace to eat. When I call this place a "hidden gem", I am referring to not being able to find this place unless I was looking for it! This traditional Italian restaurant has the best pizza I have ever eaten. and has been voted "The Best of Phoenix" seven times. The richness and texture of the crust make this pizza "to die for". Pleased with my dinner, I came back for a fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp dinner in an attempt to truly gauge the authenticity of the Italian food. The Alfredo sauce was rich, thick, and full of flavor. The possibility of adding vegetables [I am a vegetarian] made the choices plentiful. One can choose from shrimp, vegetable, and chicken as toppings. The flat screens allowed me to enjoy the baseball game while enjoying $2 beer. The "bar" area allows for friendly, quiet conversation or just a getaway from "trendy" and "crowded" bars. The friendliness and prompt service provided a world class style of service. I felt pampered and catered and not hurried to decide on what to have for dinner. If you live in Phoenix, or happen to be in Phoenix, go eat at Raimondo's!!!!
4	Well, silly us . . . we've slept upstairs may times but missed out on Raimondo's, until tonight.  Visiting Yelp, looking for somewhere near the Days Inn for dinner and . . . One of the top 3 pizzas in PHX, superb manicotti, and the bread every bit as good as the OP indicated.  Ambiance is a bit of a miss: too bright, tables and chairs (no booths), ESPN on bigscreens--doesn't say 'fine dining', but the friendly, professional service and great eats at reasonable prices overcome the physical space.  A definite be-back!
1	I can't conjure up a worthy adjective to  the degree of disappointment I experienced at this restaurant. We were drawn in by reviews telling of some of Phoenix's "finest Italian dining", and were excited at the possibility of a new discovery.Whomever reviewed this restaurant and gave it more than a "yuck" must have it confused with someplace else; the setting was dark and gloomy, the service  appalling, and the food would probably have been better if they had gone to Safeway's deli counter and reheated it in the microwave. We feel obliged to warn people about this terrible place.  Do yourselves a favor, and go elsewhere.
3	Ray is an expert Italian cook (and Host) of the old school (finger to nose). Don't miss the Cannelloni or the Chicken Marsala.It's the lobby restaurant for Days Inn (Red Roof Inn before that) on Camelback, West of 7th Ave. The room is way out of date as are the presentations, but the preparations are old-school quality at old-school prices... I ate for 3 (I wanted to taste as much as I could for this review) and my bill was $23! A bit of Hit and Miss, but the hits were HITS!FINDING THE PLACELook for the "Days Inn" sign North of Camelback on 7th Ave. (Otherwise, come from the East on Camelback and look for the "Days Inn" sign before 7th Ave)Raimondo's "disappeared into oblivion" 2 years ago to anyone but those staying at this motel (restaurant signage is non-existent) AND THE REGULARS. OH, let me tell you about THE REGULARS... There is a steady stream of regulars who all know each other and the staff by name. It seems to have become the favorite of the former clientele of Jay Newton's Beefeaters.THE FOOD!--creamy chicken soup too creamy. Thickener paste too pasty. --Salad very crispy but was too cold. Some pieces had given in. Tomato too cold.  --Cannelloni masterful. Finished in pizza oven. Worth the trip. --Chicken Marsala. Masterful recipe. Alcohol just peeked through and the mushrooms, parsley and drops of lemon finished it spectacularly. Worth the trip. Too bad the tomato sauce didn't have time to absorb those spices. It had just been started.THE CHEF!Chef appeared after I was enjoying my main dishes with a bucket of ice to fill the bins in front of me. He didn't say a word. Humble as ever. As I got up to leave, he was standing far on the other side of the room, but even at a distance, I could see a gleam in his eye and his smile. Of course I walked over. What a wonderful man.I can't wait to go back. Ray strikes me as the type who'd offer me an apron and let me learn a thing or two some Sunday afternoon. I would be honored.P.S. Beware of 1-star no-face/no-friends reviews.  ;)
4	So this is such an undercover type place it's where you go to hide and eat pretty darn good Italian food at a cheap ass price. My husband loves this no frills spot that has moved to the hotel from 7th ave a few years back. Where else are u going to get Veal parm for under $15? this is the spit for true Italian food at a cheap price. Definitely worth checking out. Had some split pea soup last night and it was very good. They have wings, salads, sandwiches and plates that come with salad or soup and bread.
1	Closed, as of this spring.  The replacement restaurant is not worth a visit (unless you are sleeping upstairs, you've driven all day, and cannot face another minute behind the wheel).
5	My nana from Abruzzo would be proud! Easily the best Italian food in the valley. Nothing is remotely close
