5	I stumbled upon this solely due to the fact that I was shopping in Neiman Marcus and didn't want fast food from the food court. I had asked the SA for a recommendation that was close, not fast food, and decent and she recommended it. I was a bit skeptical because hey, she does after all work for NM! I went and I was pleasantly suprised. The menu is mostly American with some Asian fusion and the like mixed in. I can't believe Im saying this, but they had the most awesome fries EVER. I can ignore sweets for anything, but fries on the other hand are my chocolate. These were fantastic. I guess it was the seasoning but either way, they were freaking yummy! They have great salads, burgers, and sandwiches as well as an extensive bar. Great little place to go if you're shopping in the area and you get lazy like I did. I was very pleasantly suprised with this place.
4	4.5 starsThe menu is pleasant, the food was big in size and taste.  The service was minimal.  The tables had crumbs on them.  But, for the mall it definitely beat the alternative.
5	We had some really idyllic nomming here the other weekend.  DH started with a tomato/fennel soup with shrimps...yum.  Then he had a tuna melt, but this was not just any tuna melt.  It was light and fresh tasting with tomatoes, and a beautiful slice of american cheese with a salad on the side.  I ate a strip steak, tomato and burrata salad.  What could be better than this?  It was like an appetizer, salad and entree all on one luncheon sized plate.  There is a nice sized tv so we could watch some football with our friendly barman.  Nice but brief list of wines by the glass and a lovely and tempting full bar.
3	I guess having lunch here was a fitting way to end my latest Vegas get away: fitting because even this place has a bar.Does every eatery in Vegas serve alcohol?But no big complaints.Out of all the menu items, I settled on a simply cheeseburger and fries.With all the buffets and Asian eats, I've forgotten how good a burger could taste: seasoned ground beef cooked to perfection with a thick slab of cheddar on a toasted ciabatta bread.Good stuff.There were a couple other things that did surprise me:1) the service was attentive without hovering.  For some reason, I assumed lunch was going to be uncomfortable.  I was pleasantly mistaken.and2) they serve a popover at the start of the meal and was accompanied with a small plate of strawberry jam and cream cheese.  It was warm and tasty but I wished it was given at the end of the meal because it felt more like a dessert item than starter.Overall, I liked the NM Cafe.  I don't know if I'll return since my loyalties lie more with my trusty Nordies Cafe.
4	We ate outside on the patio on a gorgeous spring day.  The food was light, and delish.  My boyfriend and I split a salad and a sandwich, and they were both much better than we expected.  I would definitely go to NM, just for the cafe.  The sandwich was a veggie one, and was very well made.  The flavors all blended very well, without one overpowering the other.  The salad was very good.  It was pre-tossed with dressing, which usually can be tricky.  Some places put too much, some too little.  At the Cafe, they had the right amount of dressing.  The waitstaff was very nice too.  They butted in an appropriate amount, they didn't hover too much or leave us alone for too long waiting for refills.  I would recommend eating here when shopping at Fashion Show.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Cute little cafe with a nice view of the strip. Great if you enjoy watching people pass by a classy establishment drunk as a skunk wielding the yard-long margarita. The roast chicken wrap was pretty much the best wrap I've had ever. Perfect proportions of everything-it was simply amazing. The service was great and we got free popovers with strawberry butter so everyone wins.Only complaint I had was the drink I ordered from the bar was pretty watered down, but other than, great experience!
3	I did not like the service.  We were seated outside and after she came and took our order, it took the waitress forever to bring us our bread and jam. My friends and I were so hungry and we didn't even get our bread right away.  It got too cold so we asked to be seated inside which was so much better. I feel like we got better service because we were seated inside.I got the chicken wrap which was delicious! It was soooo good! I could not believe a regular cafe could produce such a product! All my friends said they wished they ordered what I ordered.  I would not recommend the salmon salad.  It was not that very good.  It looked like a soup more than a salad.  Portions are healthy and the choice of foods at the cafe are on the healthy side.
5	Cute, small cafe in the mall.  I would definitely recommend to any of my friends for a quaint lunch after shopping.  The puff pastry bread and the strawberry butter is DELICIOUS, so good in fact that I would go back just for that.  I also had the chicken hummus wrap which I really enjoyed and was very filling.
2	Well my friend said this place was one her favorite places to go to for lunch, so we met there for some good food this last weekend.  Well I was very disappointed and my girlfriend kept apologizing for the crappy food.I will say location and decor is very nice and I will give it a star for that and the service was very good also, another star.  Thats where it stopped.First, she is raving about these pastry breads that they serve but they were all out for the day.  Our server stated that the cook was refusing to make anymore.  Well our table and the one next to us was very disappointed because this was something that is suppose to be tasty!  I ordered the turkey bacon wrap and it came with a side salad and some fruit.  That was the best part of my meal.  The wrap was gross and flavorless.  I evenutally just starting pulling the turkey out but there was some sauce on it that was not to my liking.I don't think I will visit this place again for food and come to think about it, not for drinks either.  I think there are better places at Fashion Show.
3	After debating on where to eat for lunch, a friend and I decided to try this cafe out.  It was simple, yet classy, but what else would you expect from an eatery inside Neiman Marcus.As soon as we sat down, our waiter came over and took our drink orders.  He also served us their famous puff pastry with a side of strawberry butter and some kind of broth.  Since we have never been here before, we didn't know what the broth was for.  We looked around to see if anyone was doing anything with theirs (We felt out of place as it was...), and didn't see anything, so we just left it.  We later found out that we were supposed to di the pastry in it.  Anyway, I LOVED the puff pasty.  It was light and delicious.  Perfect little starter!  My friend didn't care much for it though.  Oh well.I ordered the Chicken Paillard.  I couldn't pass up all the yummy veggies in it!  All in all, it was good, but nothing too special.  However, at under 500 calories, I really couldn't complain.  They tell you how many calories are in each item on their menu, which helps with eating "healthy".  Friend ordered the turkey wrap (I think), and she seemed to enjoy that was well.Service was decent.  I liked that the waiter wasn't overbearing, yet our drinks were filled every time they were about half-way done.  He was attentive and very nice.  The staff wasn't snobby or anything.  The lady that sat next to us didn't like what she ordered and he switched it out, no questions asked.  If anything, I will say that the cafe is a little pricey, but again, what would one expect from a cafe in Neiman.  Would I come back?  Sure, why not.  Is this the absolute best place to eat at Fashion Show?  Probably not, but it's definitely worth a try once.
3	Best pop-over I've had in Las Vegas! Except those pop-overs are free! I really wanted to love this place more but the food was just A-OK. The burger looked amazing. The salad was nicely dressed.  The atmosphere and decor can be categorized as posh. But sadly everything was forgettable. Forgettable indeed since I can barely remember any details of my experience here. I usually try to over analyze how average restaurants become better but when the best thing about this restaurant is free, it's really hard to put in my 2 cents. For the price and value and better ambiance, I would elect to head towards Nordstrom Cafe instead.
5	My first time coming here and I thought it was fantastic! Everything my husband and I ordered was exceptional! The popover and strawberry butter served with broth was amazing! I've never had anything like it and it's complimentary! My husband and I even drank the broth it was so good, lol. We both had the white raspberry martini, it was amazing!! They even put fresh raspberries in the drink. I ordered the calamari salad that came with a spicy aioli dressing. It was delicious! Definitely would order again!! My husband had the turkey club, he said it was yummy but not as yummy as my salad! :P The service was great, the waiters were super friendly too. Next time I'd like to sit out on the patio. It has a nice view of the strip. All in all, this is an excellent little cafe to enjoy before or after a day of shopping!
2	This was my 2nd time here and this experience was not as good as the first time (I would have rated that visit a 3.5).  Food 2/5: The popover served with strawberry butter was delightful. We both ordered the tomato soup which was on the specials menu (and on the regular menu). The soup was the highlight! It was delicious. The tomato broth was a thicker consistency and it was tangy and spicy. It also had a few tortellinis, shredded white harder cheese and mushrooms. My friend ordered the calamari salad for her entree and was very happy with her dish. So, based on food so far, why the 2/5? For my entree, I ordered the veggie and hummus wrap. The veggies were grilled and crisp but the hummus had something in it that made me think of furniture polish, like Pledge or something. YIKES, not appetizing. Since I do not like to waste, I tried to take apart the wrap so I could just eat the veggies but, I could still taste the something funny (and not in a good way). So, I ate the side salad.Service 2/5: Our waiter was OK but, marks decreased when I told him that I didn't care for the wrap, that there was a funny taste going on, he just grunted and took it away.  Given the prices of this cafe, what I would have expected, would be a response better then a grunt, and an acknowledgement, maybe a sorry to hear that and an inquiry if he could bring me something else. I mean I am not at the food court and expect more - by the way, we spent about $54 without tip....so, definitely not at food court or your typical cafe.Space 2/5: I like the location of the cafe. Top floor of NM - good natural light, lots of windows. Table was not what I consider clean. Crumbs from previous guests, the do not replace the place mats between guests, found crumbs there too. When we sat down waiter saw me wiping crumbs, no acknowledgement, yeah, that should have tipped me off. When my friend suggests that we go back, I won't agree next time.
5	The cafe is hidden upstairs next to the kid's clothes department. The bartender was Lindsay was pretty cool. Great service. The popover is like legal crack -- so addicting. The prices are in line with Neiman Marcus (not cheap) but the quality of the food and service more than makes up for it. Too bad they close at 6 pm.
1	I have been in Vegas for 8 years, eaten here quite a bit.  Has always been very good up until the last 2 trips.  They may be under new management or something, but the food and service has taken a real downward dip recently.  2 trips ago, my wife and I both sent back our burgers, which normally are a mainstay of the menu-thick, handmade, juicy, delicious.  This one was mushy and overlooked-clearly a pre molded frozen patty.  Response to that was a shake of the head and an explanation of "that's what we have now."  Also had to specially request the popover and broth pre-meal.Last trip was this Saturday, an even worse experience.  Started off by ordering problems-I asked for the turkey sandwich (now that the burger is no good), and inquired whether it was hot since it advertised melted cheese.   Was told no,,but that I could have hot if I wanted.  Also asked for no mayo or lettuce.  Sandwich arrives, cold and with lettuce and mayo.  I send it back, the lady brings it back still with the lettuce, then asks if I am ok with the lettuce still being on the sandwich.  Wanting to eat with my family I accept, but open further inspection, still had mayo as well.  Sent back again, sandwich #3 came back cold again, this time with  no cheese and a snippy comment from the server which seemed to warn me that I was out of favors.  Ended up eating about half before quitting.  Last insult-bill comes, no apology for the trouble from anyone-just a free cookie and no discounts on the bill.Also forgot to mention, had to basically bully my way into popover bread again-apparently they were out.  Server wanted us to take hummus and pita instead?  And no broth-maybe they have stopped that?NM, please straighten this out and give us back our restaurant!  This new version is awful and definitely not worth $60 for a two person lunch.
5	Best  lunch time Cafe on the strip! The Service is great and the food exceeds my expectations! Yes, the Pop overs are perfectly done! Crisp on the out side and warm and soft inside! I had the the Asian chicken salad and it was great! My friend had a cheese burger and said it was one of the best. The service was great without hovering.  The manager even stopped by to make sure we were ok, which was a nice touch to the service. I recommend sitting out side and enjoying the view when the weather is nice.  Everything you would expect from Neiman Marcus without being to overly "bougie" .
5	We always come here when we visit vegas. The service and food were both what you would expect from Neiman Marcus. My steak was perfectly cooked and my mom ate all of her salmon salad. The pop over is a must and the chicken broth was a nice treat. The bartender was very nice and made a very tasty drink for us. Our server was a very nice young man and was very attentive. It was too hot to sit on the patio but the view is great   I would definitely recommend it!!!
2	I was disappointed in my first visit to the Las Vegas location of this cafe.  I had lunch at the NM Cafe in Chicago several years ago and the experience was delightful and elegant. The food was fresh and the service was superb. I was excited to repeat this experience. Today's lunch, however, was disappointing. The waitress seemed to be unconcerned. I ordered the salad with salmon. The salmon was pretty good, but the avocado was hard to find and the mixed greens were not fresh.   I ate more than half of the salad and didn't complain until the end. (My fault! I hate to complain and hardly saw my waitress anyway.)  By the time I had eaten half of my salad, I had set about ten pieces of wilted greens off to the side of my plate.  When I asked for the bill, I showed the waitress the wilted lettuce and said I expected more from NM. She barely made eye contact with me, apologized w/little expression, took the plate and returned w/the bill.  I will not return.
4	With so many restaurant to choose from on the Strip, the poor little Neiman Marcus Cafe can easily fall by the wayside but if you do find yourself shopping at the fashion mall at the end of the strip, and you'd like to have a quick bite to eat with a cocktail on the patio overlooking the Strip, this is your spot. They earn four stars for their patio and I will also note that their skinny mojitos are delightful as are their cheeseburgers. I wouldn't tell you to seek this restaurant out while visiting Vegas, but it is delightful if you are in the area and crave a patio.
5	This restaurant really is one of the hidden gems on the strip. One of my favorite places to lunch, great service, fantastic food and the atmosphere is so relaxing.
4	After a fantastic day of shopping at The Forum shops, we were craving cocktails. We were leaving the mall and spotted the NM Cafe and decided it looked like a great spot for a cocktail.The bartender was friendly and helpful, she mixed up some great drinks. We also ordered some snacks, had we been more hungry, we would have ordered a full meal.
4	Very nice after a day of retail therapy! There is always a great soup of the day.    The bartender never disappoints and you can opt for privacy indoors or sitting outside people watching @ Fashion Show mall. Not a big fan of the bread but the strawberry butter is grand!
5	After a stressful day near the Strip, I decided to visit NM Cafe. The cool energy and attitude of the bartender Lindsay is infectious. Always incredible food here - shoutout to their chef! A great place to kick back and relax.
2	I'm sorry to say this is not the place it used to be. My chicken sandwich was flavorless and accompanied by a basic salad consisting of spring mix and vinegrette. The iced tea was $4.00 the sandwich was $16 and I left completely underwhelmed. I should have known it was bad since it was dead on a Saturday at lunch time. The view is nice and the service was impeccable but overpriced under-flavored food isn't worth it. There are way too many other options close by.
4	On a nice mid 80 degree day, the alfresco  patio seating overlooking part of the mall on the LV Blvd side is perfect for people watching and having lunch at this cafe.  It's tempting to sit here for hours chatting and /or enjoying your favorite drink. The only thing I would highly suggest  is there should be solid iron or metal tables and chairs outside.  Otherwise, HAPPY casual "fine lunching"!!!
4	If anyone thinks they are going to the Neiman Marcus cafe for a bargain...well something is wrong!  Yes I paid almost twenty dollars for a salad and four for a cookie....but I would do it again in a heartbeat!!  The atmosphere is contemporary and cool and the service is impeccable!!!  You sit down and you get a savory popover with a sweet strawberry butter that shouldn't work but totally does!!!  Then when you order the famous cookie it comes in a totally cute little bag and it is delicious.  All this inside a fabulous department store???  Oh yea I will be back!!!
