4	I used to hate Pizza Hut... but my wife convinced me to try it.  I am now a regular patron of this establishment; I have never had an issues with it.  The crust is tasty (unlike back in the day), the ingredients seem good and its not overly salty (like Howies).  Nearly every time I order I can get a free side for a small amount of due diligence.  Hardly amazing but never having problems with a place like this is a sight to behold :)
1	I swear, I have never seen anything like this horrible service I received today.  I am ordering and she interrupts me with "phone number", "name".  Ok.  I ordered, she gave attitude, then left.  She didn't come out when people came in ten minutes later either.  I ordered one other thing after I flagged down a different guy since she would not come out. Oh, those other customers simply left. When she finally came out, there were more customers who she never even approached, simply waiting there.  Wow.
1	This is the first time my pizza was cold and did not have everything I ordered on it. Im a longtime customer and the pizza looked so bad when I finally got it almost 2 hr late, that I gave a  piece to my dog before I would eat it.  Im very disappointed. I will give them 1 more chance and that's it.  Everyone has a bad day once in a while.
1	came in at 10:30 waited 10 minutes for someone from the talkative crew in the back to take our order. a pissed off manager by the name of Alicia comes to the front insisting they've stopped cooking and I insisted we came in 10 minutes ago but no one was willing to even acknowledge us.... while profanity is heard from the kitchen regarding their teenage angst.  honey I've ordered from pizza Hut five minutes before they close,  I'm familiar with the drill. after a brief argument which she lost  she was the utmost reluctant to take my order. bad service and rude faces.
2	i ordered online from here for delivery. i wound ordering the 2 sets of wings and 2 waffle fries meal deal thingy and 2 sets of chocolate dunkers (sooooo yum!).. i really thought u just can't beat that particular deal, esp compared to dominos lol.. however, i think what i ended up w/ was just 1 waffle fries ;/// (it came in just 1 box, if it was 2 sets in 1 box, then ok, but otherwise, i think i got stiffed) .. while the wings didn't taste horrible, they were definitely just avg and barely decent honestly. the waffle fries kinda lacked flavor and gave me dry mouth even w/ the ketchup lol... i think if i order from pizza hut again, i'm gonna try for the pasta instead and get a bunch of chocolate dunkers (i'm a chocoholic).. but idk, is the pasta even any good here? lol.. maybe at a diff pizza hut?
