5	The store is new, location is not hard to find and the employees actually acknowledge you the moment you walk into the store. My husband and I have been having issues with our services (particularly the Internet and MMS) ever since we purchased our phones 4 months ago and Sandy was great assisting us. She was all smiles, despite the fact that all we had to say was negative and out of frustration. We spent an hour and 30 mins at the store as she tried to resolve the issue. Though she was not able to actually make the problems disappear, she was able to guide us in a direction that was much more hopeful than the runarounds we've been given by other employees. Though I am really not a fan of T-Mobile right now, I wanted to recognize Sandy's efforts and great service she provided us. Kudos to you Darlin'!
1	Come to this store with a lot of pacience. The staff is friendly but the place is always crowded. I hate going to T-mobile stores. Makes me waste 30-35 min every time I go.
1	Horrible customer service. Lied about their plans. Then later refuses to fix the problem they caused.
4	I was waiting at the door recently to be the first one to get a newly released cell phone and tablet. Once they opened, the service rep was ready to assist and get my order processed. Jorge talked me through the different options but was respectful of my time. He was impressed that I had waited outside before the store had opened, so he knew I was a dedicated customer. I was able to acquire both electronics and get them operational before leaving the store. I would give this review five stars but there was one thing out of his control and I had to call T-Mobile on the phone to get fixed. I have done many cell phone activations since 2002 with T-Mobile and this was one of the smoothest.
5	It's been a little hit and miss with this store's employees, but today was a good day.I've been trying to find an Android phone and my first inclination was to go to T-Mobile since I already had a no-contract phone with them. I wandered into the store last week and talked to a gentleman there who tried to sell me the $79.99 plan (right now, my plan is $39.99.) I didn't want to double my plan just to get some interwebs, so I left.After a little more research, I found out that T-Mobile actually has cheaper interwebs plans for no-contract phones, which this guy totally neglected to tell me about. He was pretty adamant about getting me into a contract so I could get the $99 price for a phone I was looking at (which, by the way, is FREE if you order online!) So, I came into the store this morning as soon as it opened and was greeted by Cynthia, who is the absolute coolest cell phone salesperson I have ever met. She asked what I wanted, I told her, she found it, and she added my $10 data plan and switched my cards (sim and memory) to my new phone, all the while chatting with me about nail salons and Starbucks (and phones, of course.) She answered all my questions and invited me back if I needed anything else, then ever so kindly greeted the next customer as I headed out the door with my new beautiful phone in hand.AWESOME!
4	Team leader was helpful. She answered my questions and was friendly
5	Just switched from overpriced Verizon to T-Mobile and so far it's been awesone. The staff at this location are super helpful and nice. Kevin is amazing and helped us with what could have been a total nightmare situation with a new phone that was defective. He helped us get a replacement instantly without any hassle. What a relief. I will be recommending this store to everyone. If you are looking for a new phone or service, give these guys a try.T-Mobile coverage in Vegas has so far been excellent and the speeds are better than Verizon.
1	No stars, if I could, for these liars and cheats. Sales Rep 3347042 lied and told me my phone would accept the pre-paid sim card. The phone could not be unlocked and accept the card. She said that it would start working after I notified Verizon about the switch. I notified Verizon and the phone could never accept the sim card as promised by the associate. One manager said he could refund it, another said they couldn't. After a group huddle of all the incompetent parties the store manager said there was nothing he could do despite his employee lying to make a sale. Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this store.
5	AJ is amazing fixed my iphone 5 in minutes I wasn't recieving calls or texts at all needed new SIM card and I went to a different store they couldn't figure it out! This store is the best location and AJ is the best!
5	Extremely helpful staff. My girlfriend's phone was stolen and had over $300 worth of charges racked up on it. The assistant manager was able to help us out immediately  and got the charges credited back to us, and even helped me set up a new account since I was considering switching from Verizon.Super helpful and I would definitely come back here for all my mobile-related needs.
1	Walked in because I needed a new sim card to a full store not packed just full, the lady behind the counter asked what I needed and I told her I just came for a replacement SIM card, should only take a minute. Instead she puts my name on a list and goes back to having a conversation with her coworkers about what she did last night. Seriously? Excuse me I'm waiting for service, so I ask how long and she simply says we will get to you when we can. The conversation goes on for at least 20 minute until finally another rep pops out of the back chewing food asking what I need. WORST customer service I have ever experienced, I try to avoid coming here at all cost but sometimes it's inevitable. 1 star rating is way to much for this tmobile location, you work in the service industry, do your job!
1	Have stood here waiting over 30 min with 2 people ahead of me Line has NOT moved. Employees could care less. Understaffed....This is ridiculous. ..never coming back to this location.
1	Rude, poor customer service. Went to the store multiple times only to be turned away with nothing accomplished. The store greeter was very nice and informative.  The sales person I spoke to maybe said 6 words to me and he sarcastically said "sorrrry" when he realized my account was unaccessable at the time. I cancelled my plan immediately souly based on the "service" at this store. What's the point of having a store when you're just going to tell me to call customer service!?
1	I stopped into this store and it was a sour experience over all. The manager Marlon took my name and didn't ask why I was here. As I waited no one in the store was greeted. Marlon seemed miserable the whole time and we barely exchanged words. He wouldn't make eye contact or even smile the whole time I made a payment. I am the manger of a different Tmobile store so I know how the process goes and I was very out off by the overall un cheerfulness of this location.
