4	Cabana is the Wynn hotel's poolside eatery/bar.  The portions are sizable for the sandwiches and the bartenders make exceptional drinks. The pineapple mojito tastes great.
5	Now Chris G. wrote a review for the FOOD at the Cabana at The Wynn... I am afraid not, but I guess thats what some people look for when they're in Vegas... not me.I am not going to lie. I had a lot of resistance at first from my cousin when she heard that you coud not only GAMBLE at the Cabana pool at  The Wynn, but that girls also had the option of being TOPLESS. Ok not so bad. For starters, not EVERY girl is topless, and its topless in the sense of a European resort vaction NOT spring break.(I will admit there was one tiny girl with triple D's and thong... but its Vegas and all in fun).The best part too, no kids. Who doesnt love getting splashed right?The environemnt is super chill and everyone's so friendly. I love how they have a dj and play cool music, but at the same time is more of your alternative to the crazy "spring break" esque scene at Tao Beach and Rehab.I will definitely go back to The Wynn and one of my my stops will definitely be the pool!
4	I had a nice little seance with Muffy and Buffy at the Wynn recently and spent most of my time at the pool, which I found lovely and relaxing. The Cabana there is a large covered bar with several blackjack tables. For the trew playahs bayby.I didn't gamble since I consider the pool area a nice break from the tension that accompanies gambling (if you have to gamble even while at the pool just call the 1 800 help line already). I had a mojito and it was excellent, sweet and strong, which is also how I take my women. Well Muffy anyway. Buffy's a bit of a cow, but she's fun. I didn't see any topless ladies, although there were plenty of bikinis. Just read a good book and chilled out. A slice of the good life, at least for two days. Muffy and Buffy found a rich oil sheik in one of the private cabanas and disappeared, tell them to call me if you see them will you?
4	I gotta admit, an adult's only pool with topless sunbathing and good drinks make for a great day. Came here with three friends and the activities of the crowd entertained us for hours. First of all when it's 106, lotion up and more importantly start drinking - both water and the cocktails. Second, you should come in here knowing it's a topless pool. These four dudes walked in and the lead Asian guy turned his head and saw four bountiful breasts. He turned back forward then did TWO (count em two) double takes back. Jeez bud, could you be a bit more obvious?Haha. Didn't gamble but the chips and guacamole were good. The only complaint was that the music was a little loud - turn it down a bit and all will be perfect!
4	I felt much cooler than I really am when I was able to flash my shiny red room key and gain acceptance to the pool at Wynn. Not that my ego needed any boosting after I just got the staff to drop me on the 60th floor overlooking the Vegas strip and all. We head to find a place to lay down and catch some sizzling rays and they hook us up with a few towels and we were on our way. Being from San Fran we were ready to sit in the sun and bake, which is exactly what went down. We sat out there baking in the sun for at least an hour, disregarding the sweat on our face, trying not to recognize that my shorts were stuck to my legs and that bat wings had set in. I came to in a daze, almost like the first 45 minutes of a mushroom trip thinking "I need one of those sexy drinks minus that stupid umbrella!" So, I headed to the bar and was greeted with a smile by a gorgeous bartender. I was describing a drink to her and wanted it non alco and she says "Sure. Virgin Island Breeze, no gray goose, no melon liqueur coming up." She was out of a few of the juices that make up this drink but instead of giving me the I can't do it line, she got creative with it and made somethin special just for me. Great service, great smiles and great beverage. Can't wait to get back!!
4	Everything about the Wynn oozes class, and it even extended out to the Cabana.  The waitresses wre lovely - friendly and amiable.  And the drinks were made per our direction - we got very creative.  The food?  can't recall.  We were already 3 or 4 drinks in by the time we realized we were hungry.  Would definitely come back.  No crowds, no screaming kids.  Perfect.
4	Some of the most gorgeous servers I've seen on the Strip. I wonder if they double as other functions in the evenings.I was hoping there'd be swim up blackjack, but unfortunately it's just a regular table ($10 minimum). It does get hot during the day under the cabana. Also, white sangria is a good way to cool down.Oh, and European style sunbathing is allowed, ladies.
