3	I've never eaten at Tropical Smoothie, but my ex-girlfriend raves about it, so a buddy and I split a sandwich there.  We got the roast beef with horseradish sauce.  I was disappointed, he thought it was OK.  Would have rather spent half the money for shitty fast food.  I dunno, I just expected more from Tropical Smoothie.
3	I gotta give a special shout out to Ashley who was working tonight all by herself! She handled making smoothies and food like a champ. Yeah, I had to wait 25 minutes for my order but I blame the owners of this store for under staffing. This young lady deserves a raise or she should find greener pastures! I hope this owners wake up and get a clue that when it's hot outside, people want a cold smoothie. Now hire some more help!!!
1	For our first time here, the entire experience was a turn off. Drinking an ice slushy that tasted like water with a splash of kale wasn't my intention or idea. Hey, I get it, they are trying to be "au natural" and healthy by using turbinado as sweetener or whatever. But man, should the smoothies also not have any flavor? I ordered the newly advertised "Island Green - Spinach, Kale, Mango, Pineapple & Banana." I also added vitamins: energizer, B12, Vitamin C, Multivitamin - it racks up fast at 99 cents each. I said the hell with it, since I was feeling under the weather.The drink was very disappointing. I definitely expected more substance and flavor from all of the vegetables and fruit it advertised. No mango, no pineapple, no banana flavor? It wasn't even naturally sweet from those fruits and vegetables. It was a light green color and all I could taste was a light hint of kale, mostly watered down. It had waaaay too much ice compared to the fruit/vegetable/sweetener ratio they put into it. It was not worth the $9 and change. Other annoyances:1. We could barely read the menu on the wall due to blinding glare from the lighting in the place. (The girl just looked at me like I was crazy that I couldn't read it.)2. The girl behind the counter seemed annoyed we didn't know the menu since it was our first time there.3. All around uncomfortable vibe.I would try another location in the future in hopes that it's not the company itself that makes terrible drinks, but just an isolated situation with an employee.
3	Chandra seemed unhappy to be at her job, she wasn't smiling, I said hello and how was she and didn't ask back, I get it, people have a bad day. I left her a tip, she didn't say thank you. Oh well. The buffalo chic wrap has a lot of hot sauce but it was still good. I got their new nutritional smoothie, island green, which is really good, perfect balance of sweetness but not over the top. Definitely will have it again. The place was clean as well as the outdoor area. The outside bushes have wasps every time I come here. Not sure if they have a best somewhere close? Over all giving it 3 stars because of friendliness.
