5	Fine.  I'll admit it: I am a sucker for the holidays.I've always had something of a fondness for Hallmark.  Whether it's buying a card, browsing their "Peanuts" stuff, or mostly in selecting my new purchases from the given year's selection of Christmas ornaments, most of which are based around some pop culture moment that triggers some random life moment or interest.  I'm probably one of the few people who starts looking forward to setting up the Christmas tree again come February.This Hallmark is very nice.  It's in a good location, I enjoy chatting and joking around with the staff, and it's not that far from home so when I start getting twitchy for the annual ornament sales during the Summer and Fall, I don't have far to go.Something about the store is very "homey" (not the little plastic figures).  It seems like Hallmark designs their stores with an air of "comfort" in mind, and it bodes well.  Seriously, you're largely in there to cheer someone else up, aren't you?  It's the cards that you give to family and friends as a thoughtful reminder, or a "pick me up".  I do the cards and gifts for others.  I go the "Pimp My Tree" route for myself.  And voila!  Everyone wins.With quite a few Hallmarks having closed in the greater area in the last few years, it's nice to see that this one is still going strong.Almost done with this year's additions.  Now to start planing the tree layout....
4	This is probably my 2nd visited Hallmark store, as I usually go to the one on Maryland Parkway. We went here on monday night (had a coupon to use); we usually stop by here, anyway when we're at this mall, too. (Since this was Pet Picture night with Santa, there was a crowd in front of the store.) There were a few customers besides us. There were a couple ladies manning the registers (didn't see any other employees). Everything is easy to find, except I was trying to find the 99 cents section of greeting cards- there is no defined section (Maryland does), but there are a few selections that are in that price range. All the seasonal items (snoopy ringer) are in the front, the keepsake ornaments are located along the front left wall of the store, and the christmas wrapping paper rolls are along the right side, on the back wall. The novelty items (yankee candles, jewelry, other gifts) are on the left side, towards the back of the store. In comparison to the Maryland store (freestanding), this is small. However, there is still a good selection of greeting cards here. Don't forget to use your card (dark purple) to get credit for your purchases. Both ladies at checkout were nice.
5	Loving hallmark but the staff are always looking into what they can help with. Bought thanksgiving  and some Xmas and bought enough b to get. A few free gifts. They remembered to give them out. Which was awesome for me. I have had bad experiences in the past with other stores and have found out later I should have gotten a free gift.  It feels nice to thought of. Thank you ladies
