4	Altar Bar is a a big old church re-purposed into a bar and live music venue. It's a fun, versatile space, it's sacrilicious, and it's a good model for revitalization.There are two options for revitalizing a rundown part of town. One is to tear it all down and start from scratch. This can work well, but you're sacrificing the accumulated history and shared character that (hopefully) makes the place unique. The other option is to find fresh and creative ways to re-purpose what's already there, and let the existing vibe guide the course of the future.Either way can work, but the latter is a lot more fun. It's more challenging, more diverse, more holistic, and ultimately more rewarding. It forces a community to build, invest in, and take long-term responsibility of their neighborhood, which is the more sustainable situation by a wide margin. So if you can get over the whole money-changing-in-the-house-of-worship issue, you can be a part of some encouraging steps towards an updated Pittsburgh.
4	Came here to see a concert. Pretty cool what they've done with the place. Much nicer to come to a music venue here rather than have the place in ruins! A def must do again!!
3	Almost no room for non-drinkers. Really pretty. Best bathroom. Hotdog stand and mcdonalds outside.
4	Saw Dio Discplines at the Altar on the Strip in Pittsburgh while traveling on business. First off, there is no better venue that I can think of to see Dio's band pay tribute to him than in an old converted church with gothic decor, dramatic lighting and crosses everywhere. A real treat to see the band rip off almost 20 songs spanning Dio's career in Rainbow, Black Sabbath and of course, DIO. The one hitch on the night  - power went out for about 20 minutes. I found it a welcome intermission for an intense show. The venue had three opening bands which I thought was aggressive and overbooked for a Tues night. Anyway, the decor and feel were awesome, the help was good but you can't expect great bartending for a general admission show. With no dedicated parking lot you must either park on Penn Ave (metered) or neighboring McDonalds which charges $10 for parking during a show. The Altar Bar is exactly that - they serve no food, don't go hungry for food, but as in the case of Dio and his Disciples go Hungry for Heaven. Rock on \m/ \m/
3	I had no idea this place existed until I snagged tickets to Beirut. It is very possible that I liked it more at first because of the show. First thing. Going to a show thats 18+ is not my idea of a nice concert. I get it, you want to try to prevent them from drinking. But giving them the front half of the place? Come on! I want to enjoy a beer and stand towards the front of the place. Oh, and the people I stood next to were parents who wanted a couple of beers. They couldn't even stand by their son for the show. Lame. Also lame is how bathroom attendants make me feel. I don't make it a habit of carrying cash, so when they tell me not to turn off the water bc they will get it, and grab my soap and towel, I feel guilty. I shouldn't feel guilty because someone is doing something for me that I would actually prefer to do myself. The last lame thing... the bartenders. Someone warned me as I stood in line that I needed to suck up to get the bartender to get me a beer. It worked, naturally. What didn't work for me was the bartender jumping over the bar to grab a guy. Followed by him yelling at the bouncer who also jumped the bar to deal with the situation. It was just so... feisty. To be honest, I didn't feel at all safe. The space of this place and the shows they land are what will bring me back. Hope they have a good lineup!
2	I want you to imagine a non operating elevator. Now I want you to imagine you are in that elevator full of tons of other people so its crammed packed and since this is now a magical elevator it also allows you to purchase beer. Sadly though this magical elevator charges you a ton of imaginary money to buy this imaginary beer. Since this imaginary beer is so magical it also means you will have sub par bartending. I didn't make the rules....oh wait I guess I did...ohh well..that's how it goes in the imaginary non operating magical beer serving elevator. Oh what's that, due to the imaginary beer, you now have to use the make believe restroom? Fantastic, well let me allow you to go to the restroom where there will be a man whose entire purpose in life apparently is to squirt soap in your hand and give you a paper towel because lets be honest...you are apparently incapable of doing so. Make sure you shell out a tip for this advanced procedure. Here is the kicker...this isn't imaginary..this is real.. this is Altar Bar. You may be asking yourself, well golly Nick, aren't you being awfully mean to this bar..well here is the thing....it's a church that is renovated to a Bar...how cool is that?? But then they went the opposite direction and decided to fire up the doucheitizer 3000 and spray disappointment all over the walls. On the plus side...I will say this. You will be close to the bands and for what it's worth, assuming you are seeing a great band I am sure you will be close enough to ignore the non operating overpriced beer serving, restroom tipping, mediocre bar tending elevator that you happen to be in that is Altar Bar.
3	Soooooo.  I know I like to complain about acoustics in clubs.  And I can't say anything bad about the sound in this place.  So why is this place so terrible for concerts?  Full disclosure: We had our wedding here, and it was awesome, but mostly because of the people we invited, and of course, us.  We could have had that thing at a god damn Shoney's and it would have been amazing.So, back to the point.  This place isn't huge.  So it strikes me as strange that they decided to dominate the very center of the space with a spiral staircase.  "Why did they do that?" you ask yourself as you trip over the wires and barricades that are set up to split the under 21's.  It creates the illusion that the place is jumping, but it really feels like waiting in line at Qdoba during the lunch rush.The owner is the same waste that used to own Metropol.  Even in an acoustically superior church setting, he just WANTS to make things sound like shit with metal sound reflectors.  He can't help himself!In this situation though, we just have to kind of say, 'well, that's good enough' and just go on with our lives.
4	This is another solid venue. I've seen (with Darren) Michael Schenker Group, The Misfits, Fu Manchu, Dio Disciples, Epica, Kamelot and 3 Inches of Blood here among other bands. I like that there's a balcony so I as a short person can go upstairs and see everything. The lights and fog are cool. My only gripe is that it's a little small and cramped. But I've usually had good times at Altar. The sound is usually good, but sometimes they have issues with the wiring since it's an old church like Mr. Smalls.
2	I certainly haven't been to all the venues in town, but this is the worst one yet. First, let me say that the act we saw (Lez Zeppelin) was amazing. They weren't the problem. The problem is the layout of this place. About 1/3 of the entire downstairs area is blocked by a giant staircase. So, of course, head upstairs. Except that you can't see anything unless you're in the first row...and even then the owners decided to put up drapes which obscure more of the view. Finally, there are three projected screens on one side. Two of them (the smaller ones) project a live feed of the show, but the quality of the video is terrible. And one of them (the largest and the one in the middle) is a constantly looped ad for, you guessed it, Alter Bar. Why have the screen there if you're not going to show the act?Overall, I had a great time with my friends, but that was entirely despite the venue.
5	I traveled all the way from Philly to see my favorite band, of Montreal, perform at the Altar Bar and I was totally blown away by this venue.  The cathedral ceilings and stained-glass windows really gave the entire concert a spiritual dimension.  Acoustically I was very impressed with the sound quality.  I felt like every instrument sounded so clear and distinct (probably due in large part to the building architecture.  I didn't get a chance to get anything from the bar but I really liked the way it was set up.  It seemed like a cool place to hang out or go for driniks.  I wish I didn't have to travel the entire way across Pennsylvania to go to this bar again!!
4	Altar Bar is probably my first or second favorite small concert venue in the Pittsburgh area (I keep bouncing back and forth between here and Mr. Smalls). The last time I was there was for a battle of the bands-style competition that a friend of my boyfriend was in. Because this was an 18 & older event, the first time I had been to one like that there, if you wanted to drink you were regulated to the top floor. That may push them slightly ahead of Mr. Smalls as during an all-ages event there, 21+ are regulated to the back of the room where it can become almost impossible to see anything.The sound system isn't that great, the bartenders aren't that nice, and the layout is really wonky. You're probably wondering why I like this place so much, and it has to be because every time I've gone I've still had an awesome time. When the place gets filled up with a great local band (only times I've been it was to see local bands), it gets really pumping and just is a lot of fun. The decor is pretty cool as can be the lighting, depending on the show. I've randomly met some really nice, fun people while watching a show. Never had a problem with the crowd at Altar Bar.The drinks are a little pricey (I feel like Mr. Smalls was cheaper,  but I could very well be wrong), but poured strongly, which can be nice. The bartender upstairs for the battle of the bands show was really cool, very nice girl, as were the security guys working that night. It's hard to be in a bad spot for watching a show in Altar Bar. I call the layout wonky because the huge staircase in the back takes up so much room!There's also this whole downstairs area that's set up with tables and chairs and I'm so curious to know what is held down there ever!
3	Ive been to several shows at the Altar bar and it seems most of the bands coming to town that I want to see end up coming to Altar Bar lately.  The club is on the average size for venues.  It can provide an intimate setting on the floor or up  close to  the bands or if stand up in the Balcony you are still able to see and have a good time.  The one issue I have about this place is how they take up so much room with separating the shows for the under 21 side and 21 and over side.  These benches are huge and take up a lot of the space.  If only they could find another way of having all ages shows.  The over 21  shows there is so much more room available.  The bathrooms are clean but they also have an attendent and I always feel that awkardness of having to tip them everytime I use the restroom.  The drink prices are moderate and I have never seen any specials offered.  I will returnto Altar Bar when a band I am interested in seeing is there and that has been happening a lot lately.  Altar bar is in a great Location in the Strip District and Parking has always been easy and free due to street parking that is only metered until 6pm.  The Mcdonalds next door and the other bars and places to eat close by in the strip makes for a nice  pre or post meal and drinks before or after a show.
3	Great venue to see bands.. But the drink prices are a bit steep and the bartenders do not know how mix hardly any drinks.  I wouldnt ask for any trendy .. stick with the simple - like vod and tonic etc.  I was also surprised at the lack of seating available ..The restrooms are located on the bottom level and just seems to be a bit a distance from the bar ..    all in all - great place to see a band - I woud grab a couple drinks before hand at a regular bar..
4	Caught a lot of shows here when i lived in the area. The venue used to be an old church and is really cool looking inside. For an old place the sound here is okay some shows it has sounded better then others, drinks are sorta pricey, but not to bad. Parking is extremely easy, there is a huge lot down the street. Security is laid back and wont bother you unless you are doing something really wrong. Sometimes though it gets really overpacked i feel like and you can barely move. Its a great little club.
2	This review would be great for a small show, however they mostly book bigger acts that belong at larger venues and you can't see dick, or the performers. well maybe you can see the former but definitely not that latter. They do have a nice lady in the bathrooms though so you might wanna grab some $1's so you don't feel guilty that she has the water running and paper towels for you among other things.
2	I saw Against Me! and The Sidekicks on NYE 2014.  The staff were all very great and cordial, and the acoustics of the place were pretty decent as well. The view of the stage wasn't the best unless you are standing in the front or have one of the few standing spots along the railing on the 2nd floor. I was able to find a few places with a clear shot of the whole band, but most of the time I was standing on my tip toes trying to see the show.  Maybe I have been spoiled in the past, but a lot of small venues that I frequent give every fan somewhat of a decent view, but not here.
3	I really love this venue, but my last trip there was less than stellar. The guys checking bags and tickets at the door might be the slowest bunch on the planet. I waited 40 minutes to get my bag checked and the line was only 30 people long. Once I got to the front, I realized why. They are chatting with each other, flirting with girls creepily (myself included), slowly putting on wrist bands to those of-age concert goers, and taking things out of bags. I'm all for security, but this was just slow and weird. The venue is a fun place because it is in a remodeled church, but their sound equipment isn't the best. Their drink prices are also ridiculous for what you get. 9 dollars for a mixed drink and it wasn't strong or good. Overall, I think this is a classic venue of Pittsburgh that has gone down hill lately.
4	This place is probably about a three and a half but I'm being generous as I like to see nice old churches saved from the wrecking ball and Altar Bar is doing its part for the former St. Elizabeth's.  The outside is really cool looking, however I was expecting a little more from the interior which is really generic and could have been made both more interesting and more comfortable.  If you didn't see it was a church from outside you wouldn't realize that's what you were in. Staff are nice, bar is long and conveniently placed, and the standing room area is thankfully free of ramping, platforms and all those other things one trips over in the dark after a beer or three.  Just be careful not to drink too much because the restrooms are down in what used to be the church basement - down two very long dark flights of stairs and a maze of hallways.  It's not an easy stumble if you're impaired.  The restrooms are big and spacious and have attendants.Sound at the show I saw was kind of mediocre and noisy, but I liked that there's a whole bunch of big video screens behind the bar so if you happen to get stuck behind some six foot five inch guy, you can turn your head and see what the band is doing.  Although I do wish, since they have at least three big screens and a bunch of little screens, they would beam different camera angles to the different screens.  One camera shows the drummer and another shows the crowd and as much fun as it is to see both things, sometimes it sits on those for several minutes including when the guitarist is busting into a big solo and at least one screen should be  showing him.  This club is pretty permissive about mosh pits suddenly forming in the middle of the floor so be careful where you stand or make use of that six foot five inch guy as a body block.It would be nice if Altar Bar had some comfy seating around the periphery of the show viewing area, but what little there was, seemed to be confined to a VIP or otherwise fenced off area (wasn't clear why it was fenced off, exactly - it wasn't for non-drinkers as everybody in it looked way past drinking age - but I wasn't about to mosey over there and risk getting chucked out by security). There is also a balcony with a big staircase that I presume used to be the choir loft for the church.  Unfortunately it was not in use at the show I saw so didn't get to check that out. Lots and lots of free street parking up Penn and on side streets.  Also lots of bars and pizza-joint-type restaurants nearby for pre-show gatherings; not so much for post-show as, weirdly for a bar area on a Saturday night, a lot of places seemed to be closing by midnight?!  Although this is not the club's fault, I was very disappointed with the lack of post-show snack options given that this is supposed to be a bar/ restaurant/ food district.  There wasn't a food truck, food cart, other vendor or even a convenience store anywhere in sight, and even the McDonald's next door was closed when the show let out at 11:30 pm on a Saturday night!  With the number of shows happening at the Altar Bar, some smart businessman needs to step up and meet the demand.
3	Went to the Altar Bar tonight it's a nice small venue.  What's nice about it is you can see the bands up close. They have mostly standing room, very little seating.  There's an upstairs with balcony which is nice, but it's not always open . Tonight I saw my favorite band there The Semi-Supervillains !
1	Went to altar bar last night with a friend to see a show. Let me tell you this bar is full of fat ass bouncers on a power trip. Me and my girl were dancing having a good time and we had to use the bathroom so we head towards the bathroom area and was told that we ha to finish r drinks before going to bathroom. Now this was a big deal and we complied and sat out drinks down at the bar once we finished them. Accidentally one of empty beer bottles fell over on the bar and immediately we were told to leave and they stated that we were too drunk. Now don't get me wrong, we were buzzed but who doesn't have a couple drinks at a show. But to kick us out for a bottle falling over, I mean come on. I would never recommend going to this venue or going back ever again.
4	I would like to state that I am not an audiophile, and that my opinions are just the opinions of a music appreciator. With that said, I will try to review the venue the best I can and not the bands I saw performing here.Last night was my first night going to Altar Bar. I was there for Devil Driver and White Chapel. Staff: Staff was pretty friendly and on their toes. They used the bar to scan the crowd. The fact of the matter is, this show was at capacity, and it's difficult to pay attention to a large crowd without a good vantage point. I was definitely amused by how well they handled people who were doing really inappropriate things. I felt safe and protected by the security, which is a rarity in my opinion. Altar Bar gets a lot of points for that! I want to be safe at a show, especially at a metal show. The Bar: I didn't touch the bar because I was broke, so I can't say much about drinks. Water was $3, which isn't that bad for a music venue. If you want free water, go to McDonald's next door before the show and hydrate yourself. Balcony/21+ Section: I really liked this area for seeing the crowd, relaxing and getting a different view. I also liked that it allowed me to avoid aggressive teenage boys who were getting too feisty in the "circle pit." Acoustics: I was pretty impressed with the sound quality and acoustics of the place. Churches are built in a way that amplifies sound since sound is such an important part of a church ceremony. I thought this was pretty interesting. I was constantly amazed by how the bass reverberated through my chest and feet. I was on a musical high here. The sound was clear and easy to hear even outside. Size: The size of this venue is perfect. I guess I am one of the rare people who enjoys a smaller venue with an intimate view of the band and closeness to other people. I made a few "friends" who were kind, protective when moshing was going on and overall enjoyable to be around. I couldn't have asked for anything better. Viewing: As a girl who stands at 5ft tall, it's always difficult for me to see the stage. No matter what. I have accepted this fact, and I make the most of it. 6ft5 tall guys will usually take pity on me and move a little, if possible. Luckily, there are several screens on the right-side wall of the venue. This allows you to see the band and audience. I found it useful, and I appreciated it as well. Overall experience: My experience here was an enjoyable one, and I am really excited to return to Altar Bar for many more shows! At the end of the day, I care less about the venue and more about who I am seeing, though, no one wants to be uncomfortable when they are spending 5 hours in a building!
3	I am a fan of the old churches converted into venues and their space is really neat. It's a bit smaller than Mr. Smalls, but still a very cool vibe. The staircase that runs down the middle of the room is quite inconvenient for those standing on the floor, but I guess it's a great spot to watch the show if you get there early enough!I went to see The Presidents of the United States of America and while their performance was AMAZING, the sound was awful. The mics were so unclear that I missed a good bit of their between song banter. The balance with the sound overall was just off. Normally if there is a problem with the drums, it's that they are way too loud, but in this case I could barely hear them!I would check out another show here because the space is cool and it is conveniently located right in the Strip District, but I really hope they get everything straightened out with the sound.
3	This club would be a lot better if the sound wasn't completely muddy and they didn't flash blinding strobe lights at the audience every 30 seconds. Seriously, cool it with the lights, kids.
2	I frequent this place a lot because 50% of bands play this place when they come to Pittsburgh. The staff is always rude and security is a joke...the guards are always ALWAYS trying to pick up girls. This place is crammed for the capacity that they hold. You walk in and literally the merchandise stands are right in front of you with the ends of the crowd right there as well. The stage is one of the smallest and most awkward you'll ever see. Also... parking...FORGET ABOUT IT! There's a few lots on the street if you find a spot. Don't even try street parking. The McDonald's next door are crazy about you not parking near their location and they close at 10 so no one after the show can order. I also dont think I enjoy watching the band and crew almost get hit by a car every time they get on/off the bus.
5	I have to say I was very skeptical as to what my experience would be after all the negative reviews I have seen here and elsewhere. I am very happy to report that the night with Big Wreck was a stellar success and I  couldn't recommend the Altar Bar more. It reminds me of the 9:30 club in DC, but with half the capacity, which IMHO is great! I drove up from DC and a few hours prior to the show wanted to ask questions about the 21+ section since I had read it's a drink hassle if you are milling around with the juvies.  Unfortunately I guess they don't open until close to  doors, but they did provide an email which I wrote to. Much to my surprise, someone named "Devin" corresponded with me and gave me the scoop (21+ on the top level and no early access needed). Woo Hoo! Now as it turns out, many in line, and even the awesome security guys and bartender (Josh, Joel, and JT) never heard of Big Wreck and said the show was not sold out. Better for me! Went to the top deck, looked over the rail for the entire show (2 bands pre BW) and had just the greatest time! Met some other cool "out of towners" and frankly, I have to say, all of those people out there trashing this venue must not know what to expect at rock shows. Perfect night- thank you Altar Bar and your staff for making it great! Also- the ticket prices were soooo cheap; I would have paid double to see this band! Big Wreck is AWESOME!
3	attracts a good deal of bigger national acts.acoustics are not great .  this is an old church, renovated for a bar/performance venue as is common in the PGH area .seems like some fairly shady types own/operate the place but no matter , I guess.can be hard to go buy tickets for shows as they are hardly ever there / open unless it's right before a show.good luck finding parking ... good place to take a cab/uber/lyft / limo to .
