5	I stayed here for 7 days for a convention that my employer had and this hotel opened onby in February 2008 so it was new.  I got upgraded to a deluxe room which is a big plus.  There was a seperate bedroom and a view of the Bell Centre where the Montreal Canadiens play.    The rooms were clean  and had 2 flatscreens TVs.  Service is impeccable  and everyone is friendly.  The hotel was located pretty much in the middle of Montreal and within walking distance to everything we wanted to do.   Free compouter on the 3rd floor  and the swimming pool and outdoor hot tub was nice.Would definelty stay here again if in Montreal
5	"Wishing to honour your request for privacy, we were unable to complete our housekeeping service."  A card slipped under the door when we declined the services -- such a gracious reply to an ordinary request. I don't recall a more elegant, classy, or sophisticated place where I lay my head.  In our suite (note that all their rooms are called "suites," but some are just one big room with both a bed and a sofa; ask for one with separate living area and bedroom) were an iPod dock (why don't more hotels have them?); 2 TVs; an enormous bathroom; a patio big enough for a soccer match, and a kitchenette with a pod coffee maker.  Wait, there's more.  Molton Brown bath products, free wi-fi, a pool, and a gym, which is small but more than adequately equipped.  I didn't get to try the restaurant or the spa, mainly because we were in such a great location, close to everything.  And the best part -- the lights don't turn on until you stick the key card into this panel by the front door and go off when you take it out as you leave.  Tres vert!!
5	This is a beautiful hotel with amazing service. I am so glad I stayed here on my trip to Montreal. It is located close to many great restaurants, the Bell Centre, and shopping on St. Catharines. Come to think of it, I didn't take a taxi or the Metro once on my entire stay here, everything was in walking distance. As others have mentioned, there is the cool feature where your room's electricity does not work without your key card inserted into the wall. I spent 15 minutes looking for a "Do not disturb" sign, only to realize it is  a button you press on the wall beside your door.It was clean, the bathroom was huge with a separate tub and shower, and really, I just loved everything about this room. Everyone at the front desk spoke English and French and were very helpful. My only word of caution is that the mini-bar and movie rentals are incredibly expensive. I think around $15 per movie? And no I'm not talking about THAT kind of movie, but I'm sure it would run you a small fortune.
5	Stayed here only for a night (this past new years). This hotel is absolutely awesome!! Beautiful, clean, new.... you name it! Staff was very friendly and courteous as well... The rooms are absolutely beautiful.. the layout is awesome... Free tangerines at the time by the elevators... An amazing experience, and if it wasn't for the time constraints, I would have loved staying there for a few extra days!
5	everything about this place (except $75 for the dog) is stellar: staff, decor, attention to creature comforts, lighting, amenities, location, cleanliness, views... particularly enjoyed the in-room espresso machine (probably why i'm having trouble typing!), the soaking tub that was big enough to actually stretch out in, and the innovative separation of sleeping area from common area. lovely views of the celebratory playoff fans last night, and a fine -- really fine -- authentic french meal at europea down the street. not inexpensive, but excellent value.
5	GREAT hotel. Five star service, five star room quality, five star cleanliness, and five star decor. I would absolutely return. The gym is nice. The pool is very cool and they have tangerines EVERYWHERE. I know that sounds weird, but in this dry cold, its very nice on the pallet. We had breakfast yesterday in the cafe and it was good quality food. I even liked the coffee, and I am very picky about coffee. Great Choice for traveler's with the ability to afford luxury.
5	What's to say about this place? It's my go to hotel any time I visit Montreal. I'm here this week for a vacation and the UFC and this is always where I choose to stay. Separate bedroom from TV and dining area, great bed and pillows, excellent mood lighting, and the best shower out of any hotel I've stayed at.  It's a rainshower that rains from the ceiling as well as a secondary faucet.  Oh and let's not forget the high quality amenities like the Moulton Brown soaps and shampoos.I recommend this hotel to anyone.  Although I do notice a couple scuffs on the wall this time and some grout in the shower that needs fixing.
5	Opulent crystals cascading from the sky.  Illuminated, metallic couches - oversized and slightly imposing in the grandeur.  This - all before you even get to the front desk. Hotel Le Crystal feels more like what you would envision modern royalty's palaces to look like, not a place for a weekend stay which it was for me and my boyfriend at the time.We went up to Montreal last year around this time and had been told by friends that Hotel Le Crystal was the only place.  Boy - am I happy we listened.  The service was top notch and the main guy behind the desk went out of his way to break the stereotype of "mean French Canadians who hate Americans who don't speak French," assuring us that our broken French was fine enough to pass and that it wasn't rude to speak English after all (guess green is universal).Anywho - when we got up to our suite, it was just as perfect as the lobby - but of course more intimate.  We wanted for nothing and all the amenities were top of the line products (something I appreciate since I have very sensitive skin).The next morning, my fiance and I went to Mont Real where he proposed.  When we came back with the good news (and no family to share it with since they were not on vacation with us), I couldn't help but tell everyone who worked there. Everyone from the valet to the waitress at the restaurant knew by the next morning and issued congratulations to us everywhere we went.  It was a beautiful, wonderful feeling and now a lasting memory.  Le Crystal is now the only place I stay when I go to Montreal.  Nothing beats it!
5	::Top notch hotel::Excellent serviceFriendly workersModern feel and ambiance throughout the hotelConvenient location in downtown Montreal, metro, and Bell CentreSuites are roomyTons of bars around the areaThe views from the suites are excellentCleanWonderful smell throughout the hotel Pool, sauna, and workout facility are clean and easy to get to (Closes at 10pm)They accommodate large groups  The crystal chandeliers makes this place look amazing.. Wonderful hotel.
5	Can I just live here? That phrase popped into my head about 30 minutes into my first stay at Hotel Le Crystal and has resided there ever since (Note to self: check lobby for thought projectors) I have distinct recollections of traveling around the world and staying in establishments that aspired toward 1 star status.  I remember looking longingly into the lobbies of the 5 star places and thinking "One day..." This is the hotel I imagined for "One day"Everything about this hotel simply works.  This is not a statement that I make lightly.  The aforementioned "One day" happened 20 years ago for me, and since then I have had the good fortune to stay in more than my fair share of the worlds greatest hotels.Here's what makes this one so great:Perfectly balanced use of space to provide a separate bedroom and a fully functional lounge complete with kitchenette AND Nespresso machine.  The bathrooms are modern opulence with a rain shower extraordinaire and Mouton Brown toiletries.  Well-trained staff are anticipatory, without being intrusive.  They work so seamlessly that other high-end hotels should watch scouting films to learn how it's done!Excellent restaurant - La Coupole - onsite.  Top notch cuisine and a cool elegant bright room for a power lunch.One of all time favourites in Montreal - oh hell anywhere!OH - They went ahead and answered my wishful thinking - Yes, you CAN live here.  There are suite for sale.  Bastards!
5	I didn't get to check out any other hotel in Montreal but after staying here, I'm not sure I care to.  The Hotel Le Crystal was awesome.  The hotel itself is beautiful.  The location is wonderful.  The staff is in better!  During my stay I even say Novak Djokovic (currently #1 on the ATP World Tour) check-in here.Located in lively part of downtown, the hotel is close to everything.  The bars, restaurants, and shopping are all within 1-2 blocks.  Oh I forgot to mention,  the Bell Center is across the st!!!!  I could image this area being crazy during Habs games.  I went in the summer so wasn't lucky enough to see a game.The amenities here are great.  The pool, gym, sauna, and rooftop spa are just a few of the perks you can find here.  The Nespresso machines in all the rooms were so awesome as well.  Probably not the cheapest hotel in Montreal but it was well worth the $$$. I can't wait to go back!
5	There is a reason that Le Crystal has a 5 star review on Yelp- the hotel is awesome!We stayed here during our wedding and had blocked off rooms for our guests as well. Everyone had good things to say about their stay:- clean, modern, comfortable suites- amazing double head shower - beautiful lobby- good housekeeping/concierge- best location- free, fast wifi- complimentary coffee and newspapersWe stayed in one of the best suites in the hotel with a gorgeous corner view of the city. The beds were so comfortable- I fell asleep as soon as I hit the pillow (although that might be because I was so tired from the wedding events!)A big thank you to Julien and Amelie for helping us with our guests and arranging our stay. If we ever need a hotel downtown Montreal again, we will be staying here!Warning- there is a 26$ valet fee if you park with the hotel. There is a pay lot across the street for much cheaper.
3	I really wanted to like Hotel Le Crystal, and expected to, given all the five-star ratings on Yelp and elsewhere. However, when my three friends and I stayed here over the New Year, one thing after another (after another) went wrong.We started our stay by checking into a beautiful Deluxe Suite, with a sizable bedroom with a king-sized bed, a living room with a pull out (I can say from experience that it was pretty comfortable), and a fully equipped kitchenette/dining area. We spent some time in the twelfth-floor hot tub, which was amazing even despite the frigid temperatures, and the staff was courteous and pleasant when someone else took one of our robes, which - of course - was the one with our room key inside. They were quick to fix the problem, deactivate all of our cards, and bring us new ones (and a new robe).Day two, things started to go downhill. We woke up in the morning eager to make good use of our Nespresso machine. We popped a capsule into the machine, put a cup underneath, pushed the button, and out came a petering little flow of coffee that barely filled the cup an eighth of the way. We tinkered with it until we realized we had to push the button for a lungo and stop it halfway through to get a proper espresso. Annoying, but not a huge deal.We enjoyed a lovely day in Montreal and came back to the room to get ready, which of course required some music. We put an iPod into the dock and...nothing. There were very specific instructions on the dock, which we each tried to follow at least once, to no avail. Fortunately it still charged, but only for a little while before it started making feedback noises. We played the iPod from its speakers instead.After a long night out, we slept until noon the next morning. Everyone was up and ready to order room service by 1pm, so we called down to order from the breakfast menu and were told it would take a half hour. We waited patiently, for 45 minutes, then an hour before we called down to see what was going on. The same person picked up and said he'd been trying to call us but didn't have our room number, the kitchen was no longer serving breakfast. First off, he works at the hotel, he should have known the breakfast hours. Second, from other interactions with the staff, I'm fairly certain the room number shows on their phone when we call, so he just forgot to write it down. Even if that wasn't the case, it's still his fault for forgetting to ask for the room number. So he said we could order brunch (for which we didn't have a menu) or he could ask the kitchen if they could still make our original order. They sent a brunch menu upstairs, which was significantly more expensive than the breakfast menu. I called to order and explained the situation, and he passed me on to someone else. I explained to him what was going on, and he transferred me again. I ended up on hold for five minutes until the right person finally picked up and then said, "oh, let me go ask the kitchen," which is what he said he'd do 15 minutes earlier. I was on hold for another few minutes before he came back and said yes, the kitchen can do it. This was wonderful and all, but we could have just had the entire thing settled in the first place. So we waited another half hour for the food, and signed for the bill without realizing at first that we were overcharged. I called downstairs to ask for a copy of the receipt, to which the response was, "don't you have a copy?" Nope, I wasn't given one. Someone returned a few minutes later with the receipt, and lo and behold, we were overcharged $20 on a $110 bill. We called down to fix it (at this point it was more on principle than anything else) and were told to call back the next morning, when the woman who can fix it would be at the hotel. I'll spare the details, but she basically gave us the runaround the next morning, when we were in a hurry to check out, even going so far as to tell us to come down to the restaurant so she could fix it when the restaurant wasn't even open. Thankfully the front desk got everything straightened out, but they obviously had no intention to fix it until forced.  I don't want to say that Hotel Le Crystal has terrible service, because we did have good experiences with other staff members, but the entire room service situation left a horrible taste in our mouths. It's centrally located and beautiful, but I won't take a chance and stay here again, which is unfortunate when the problem could have been so easily remedied but instead we were given the runaround at every turn.
5	AWESOME PLACE. Yes i did pay a lot of money to stay in superior room but it was worth the money. When I first entered the room, I am not going to lie, I was a bit disappointed. It was not the room I expected compared to what I have seen on website. However, the service was FANTASTIC and the cafe and just everything at the hotel was superb.
4	Hubby and I stayed with them for 3 nights during the jazz festival. We enjoyed everything about the hotel: - convenient location (even from the airport - it's the 3rd stop on the airport express bus 747). - apples in the lobby at all times- beautiful, large suite- free wifi- the bathroom was the size of our bedroom (granted, we live in a small, manhattan apt, but still) Loved the huge tub and soaking salts- molton brown toiletries were luxurious- bedroom was nice, though the tv right at the foot of the bed seemed a but much- the kitchenette was awesome! We made fresh tea and coffee every day for ourselves- the mini living room of the kitchenette was a nice place to relax- indoor pool and rooftop jacuzzi were fun!the only reason I'm subtracting one star is because their website does not have information for how to get to their place from the airport using public transportation (i.e. bus). I e-mailed them to ask and no one ever responded to that e-mail. Not 5 star caliber service. I was able to find out the info by myself, but that lack of communication irked me.
4	This is a beautiful hotel downtown montreal, great staff up front, reasonable rates (i booked via expedia), really nice rooms with huge bathrooms, rain shower head etc.enjoy.
4	This is a sleek, clean and modern hotel.  Location - downtown and close to shoppingParking - expensive, but to be expected from a downtown hotel.Rooms - large, clean and well decorated.  The bathroom is huge with a separate tub and shower and two sinks.  There is a bedroom, small living area and a kitchenette.  The pull out sofa is not of the highest quality, but it was fine for my young son.  The main bed in the bedroom  is small yet comfortable.  The tv at the base of the bed was a bit close for viewing, but it was nice to have a tv in the living area and the bedroom.Amenities - they have a great indoor pool good for some light swimming or for kids.  There is a lifeguard on duty. There is some comfortable seating around and a coffee and water bar.  The spa outside is a bit hot during the day but has a great view and is probably great at nighttime with the city view.  The gym is decently equipped and includes a great view of the city while you work out.  They keep a few bottles of water out for you along with towel.Overall I loved staying here.  The only bad thing was their key maker was somehow broken so we only had one key to share - but the key was what got you to your floor or the pool/workout floor when inserted in the elevator AND had to be inserted in your room to turn the lights on - not a big deal if you do everything together, but we have to tag team our work outs since we have a young son.  My husband inserted a credit card in to light up the room while one of us was out, and it worked for us, but it's not ideal since you don't want to accidentally leave your credit card in the room's slot when you leave for the day.  But I'm sire this is not a normal issue that they have.
4	Beautiful amenities in a fun location!I didn't love the spa, but there are plenty in the city to try.
4	Went to Montreal for a little getaway in early September with my husband and our 4 month old baby to celebrate our wedding anniversary and my birthday.  We stayed at Le Crystal for 3 nights.I researched many hotels before finally deciding on Hotel Le Crystal. I was looking for a hotel that offered a suite option or at least a very large room since we wanted to have a separate space for baby when she needed to sleep as well as ample area to lay out all the things one needs when traveling with a baby-- stroller, pack and play, diapers, bottles, breast pump, etc. I was really glad we also went with a room that came with a kitchenette since we needed a place to make milk and store extra food.I originally booked a Deluxe suite but upon arriving to our designated room we were really unhappy with its location. All the deluxe suites are on one side of the hotel and they have a direct view of the construction going on. Unfortunately, there is construction across the street on 2 sides of the hotel. Since we had a baby we really were concerned about the noise level. The hotel staff was very nice in showing us about 4 different available options before we decided to downsize to the Superior room since it looked out to the back of a YMCA/nursery school instead of a construction pit. They even offered us the executive suite at a discounted price but I couldn't justify spending $300 a night for a mini-getaway.I really appreciated the staff for going out of their way to find us a suitable solution. We were disappointed that we couldn't get the larger size room but it was a better compromise to get a quieter location.The best part of the suite is bathroom. Its really spacious and gorgeous. There is a super wide double vanity, amazing soaking tub and rain shower stall next to it. I could have spent my vacation just luxuriating in that tub. The Molton Brown toiletries are definitely a nice touch. You even get bath crystals to use in the tub.Hubby and I look for hotels with a pool when vacationing and usually take advantage of it but was a bit hard going to the pool as a family. I only had a chance to take a peek and from what I saw it looked very relaxing. Hubs took a quick dip and said it was fine.Traveling with our baby for the first time was certainly a bit challenging. Our last night we wanted to find something convenient and the front desk person offered us a 2 for 1 coupon for the onsite restaurant LaCoupole. However after our 2 previous dinner outings where only one of us got to sit during the meal we decided to pass on the prix fixe they were offering. I really regretted that since our alternative was eating really sucky take out roasted chicken with soggy fries that cost $16CAD on the pull out couch while baby slept. We did get room service breakfast which was pricey but very good so I would think the restaurant food would also be comparable.Overall the hotel was a good fit for our vacation needs. I think without the baby we could have enjoyed it even more. The metro is a few blocks away and shopping district is also close by.
1	Got married on Fev 28th and decided to spend my first special night in Le Crystal, who offered a "romantic package" for an extra $120+/night. Sure we got a suite (that we payed for) and everybody was smiling and nice, but then we got in the room. The cover was very thin and the heater was faulty (showed it was 26degrees but was way less). After waiting a bit we called the help desk and asked for extra covers and to get someone to fix the heater. We didnt receive the covers, and the help desk decided to cook us, raising the heating on their end to a burning 29degrees!We had aksed for a in-room breakfast (again, that we paid for) but didn't receive it. Instead we got a phone call from the help desk telling is that they forgot us. When we went to check out we told them all of this and all we got was a somehow mumbled "we're sorry" and we didn't have to pay for the parking. We then told her that we didn't receive our complimentary cocktails (again, paid by yours truly) she gave us two coupons to use next time we go to the hotel bar. Not gonna happen.It was our wedding night, in a 5 star hotel, where we booked a suite with a romance package that we paid (a large) extra for. I'm sorry but free parking is nowhere close to cut it.
2	Really unsure as to why this Hotel is getting so many good reviews. For a truly four or five star hotel, this place is not up to par.We came for a 'romantic weekend' like many people from New York and were thoroughly underwhelmed. We paid extra for a room upgrade and our room faced out onto a giant construction site. The design was pretty 90's - all shiny wood and washed out carpets. In addition, the bedroom didn't have a real window - instead it had a window into the living area, which had the actual window. The service was again, just ok. We checked in late and the staff misinformed us that breakfast was included. $70 and two bowls of berries later, we were told that we 'had misheard'. The recommendations the hotel gave us for food and things to do we thankfully largely ignored, although we made the mistake of following their advice for 'the best French restaurant in Montreal' for lunch, which took us to a tourist trap the likes of which Times Square would be ashamed of.In any case, they have an ok hot tub on the roof and the location, though rather sterile, is convenient if you have a lot to do downtown. 4-5 stars implies hotels like the Nomad in New York, the Bel Air, 15 Beacon in Boston, the Hotel de Rome in Berlin. Hotel Le Crystal is not in the same league. TL;DR :This place is like a Hilton Garden Inn with chandeliers. If you're on a business trip, it's a fine place to stay. If you're looking for something special and less than corporate, stay away.
5	Stayed here last month.Everything about this place is 5 star and deserving. The attention at the front desk, the valet, the concierge, room service, the awesome shower, the deep soaker tub, free wifi... and the list goes on.... was exceptional.We had a late flight on the final day stay and asked for a late checkout and without blinking an eye the front desk accommodated us immediately. All of it... 5 star.This will be our new goto hotel in Montreal.
5	We all love it, the kids had a great time in the Pool, Love the way the suite set up.Nice and clean room.. Service was excellent. Will stay here again.
5	I know the title may sound strange but if you read this you will understand.  My family came to this Hotel on the last leg of our 3 city stay in Canada. The place itself is in a great location, if not for the constant construction across the street.  Each person we dealt with was nicer than the next.  One night we came back to the hotel after being out all day and gave the keys to the Valet to park our car.  They have underground safe valet parking, hay at $31 a night it better be safe.  Well the next morning I received a call from the front desk that I need to come down because my car was involved in an "incident" last night.  I immediately thought the worst.  After meeting with a Hotel Manager, Maxine, she took me to see my car.  Apparently the Valet scraped the side of my van against a concrete pole.  Luckily first of all the car was driveable  and the manager assured me that the Hotel will not only pay for the damage to my vehicle but will also credit me my last nights stay as well as not charge me for parking.  I live over 400 miles away and in another country, I can only assume they will keep their word.  I was given papers about the incident and who to contact about it.  I came home and got an estimate for the repairs and a rental car.  I sent it to them and they said no problem.  i repaired my car and not long after received a check from the hotel to reimburse me in full.  I have to say that they were totally up front with me and did the right thing.  We had a pleasant stay and would come back in the future.
4	Best location if you need to be downtown. Walk to EVERYTHING, do not rent a car. 3rd. stop on the downtown bus from the airport. Parking is $33/day. The bus stop 50 yards from the front door of the hotel. Clean, modern & efficient unpretentious knowledgeable staff. My grand kids visited me one night & they had a grand time on the top floor pool. Bar is pretty lame unless you bring your own party. Breakfast was excellent and with complimentary morning papers Anglais & French. WI-FI is FREE and fast. My room was very quiet & they had a Nespresso coffee make just like I have at home, Fell right at home. Minibar, mini fridge, microwave and a few utensils & plates. You could bring some prepared food in if staying for a longer period of time & save on your food budget. But I cannot imagine being in Montreal and eating microwaved food, there is just way to many fabulous places to dine.  I 'll be back. Price was in line with the quality of the inn. In NYC, Paris or S-Fransisco I would have easily paid over $600 for the same room.
2	Good rooms but be sure to get a room that does not face the school - heavy truck traffic and garbage trucks loading/unloading Bailee's all night
5	i was there on weakened  for the Jean Pascal fight Great staff and Great Rooms it will be the only place to stay at in MTL Great Job Guys
