5	It's Popeyes, what else can I say. Delicious and very affordable. Got a 7 piece all thigh spicy and mild mix for $4.99. They were extremely quick with my order (as in I barely finished paying and it was ready for me) and they were very accommodating. Kinda outta the way, but for those staying in the area, it's the bomb!!!
4	Popeyes fried chicken is one of the best. I love how crispy the skin gets as soon as it is scooped out of the fryer. Right amount of heat and spices. The mild flavor is a bit boring. I always go for the leg and thigh special for 99 cents. Awesome deal! Do not forget the red beans and rice, mashed with gravy and buttery biscuits. Sometimes the sides cost more than the chicken. Make sure you take your daily dose of cholesterol pills (statins). Welcome, you are in deep fried heaven.
1	Went through the drive-through and was asked to pull up and park in the parking lot where someone was to bring me out my food.  Over 20 minutes later, waiting for a chicken breast (which you'd think they'd have plenty of on hand), I went into the restaurant and the manager acted like I was harassing her because I was complaining about waiting so long.  Then, I called the Customer Service number and was told that someone would call me back - that was over 2 months ago.  I even filled out the survey on their website which asks if you want to be contacted and I gave all my contact information.  NO-ONE from Popeyes has ever bothered to contact me!!!Popeyes doesn't care about its customers, so I wouldn't recommend going there.  Well, unless you have PLENTY of time to waste!
4	In a hurry? Stop by and go through the drive up window and get your fast courteous face to face quick service and your done.
2	I have been driving past the store for the past week and I thought Popeye's sounded good.  And in theory it was a good idea...lol.  This place shares a store front with a Chevron gas station.  I went up to the counter and placed my order.  The girl took my order without a problem and I went to find a seat.  There are about 7 tables.  I looked at two of them and they were dirty.  The third table I found appeared clean so I claimed it. My order was ready quickly and the chicken was fresh and hot.  The biscuit was flat and dry.  The Popeye's restaurant shares a drink fountain with the convenience store.  The area where you stand to get your soda was filthy.  The floor needed to be mopped.   The floor in the resturant area was also dirty with wet spots of soda spilled on the floor and a trail or something that I am guessing came from dragging a trash bag across the floor.When I was done eating I took my tray to the front to dump the trash into the trashcan but I could barely open the door to the trashcan.  It was stuffed full even though there were only three trays sitting on top of the tashcan.  I needed to use the bathroom but I figured it would be in the same state or worse than what I had seen so I decided to wait. There are other Popeye's in town that I think you could get better service from and have a cleaner dining experience.  Overall I would try and avoid this place if possible and find somewhere else to eat.
4	I love Popeyes spicy chicken and biscut w. redbeans and rice!  Its crispy, and is just freaking good!  lol
4	Ok, it's a fried chicken chain and its attached to a gas station... There are so many things wrong with this... But the food is good and slightly addicting! Im in love with the spicy chicken po' boy... It calls to me at night! You must try one...As far sa the resturant goes its surprisingly clean and the staff is really friendly. If there is anything to complain about its that the parking lot is small and can fill up quick.
5	Well, it's Tuesday and you know where i'm at. Yep, you guessed it, Popeye's. 2 piece Tuesday special, 99c. I get the spicy, but the mild is just as good. I usually get whatever selling the fastest so that i know it's the freshest. (freshly fried that is). Crispy, well seasoned, juice meat, with that amazing crust. 99cents? Wow, this is as good as it gets! Also love to come here for the most amazing red beans and rice you can get in any restaurant. I used to work with a guy who was born and raised in New Orleans, and he told me that Popeye's has the best version of this dish in the country. One of my buddies here tried eating it and didn't like it because he was eating it separately. The trick with this dish is that you have to mix it all together before you eat it. That is how you will get the full effect of this amazing dish. Love them chicken from Popeye's... but also love the red beans and rice.
5	I am a big fan of Popeye's. This particular location may not be the best, however it is very good. It is connected to a Terrible Herbst (I don't know if this a good or bad thing)  I will continue to debate with myself what is better, the red beans and rice or the cajun rice.
5	Tuesday $.99 special is what it's about!!! I'm pretty sure this is where we are going for lunch today!! Their red beans and rice, dirty rice, and mashed potatoes n gravy are killer sides!!! Biscuit is ok, I think church's is better. I order my chicken spicy. Deeeeeeeeelicious!!! I can't wait to go to lunch!!
5	With trendy chicken finger places popping up like Raising Cane's, Chicken Bonz and BFG, it's comforting to know that one of the most consistently dependable meals around is an order of spicy chicken fingers from Pope Yes, the official chicken of the Vatican.It's legitimately spicy even for a capsaicin burnout like me - but not excessively so. It's a nice warmth. Dip them in Mardi Gras mustard, redolent of horseradish and whole mustard seeds, and you're set.The red beans and rice are the only side you need to ever bother with here. Not that the other sides are bad. They're just unnecessary.When I'm feeling guilt and shame the grilled naked chicken wraps are so tasty that I don't even miss the batter and oil of the traditional strips.Yes, it's a chain fast food restaurant.Yes, it's attached to a gas station.No, you shouldn't care.
4	Really good fast food fried chicken when fresh.  They have a 6.99 8 Piece Mixed coupon available on the website...so I forgive them for the generous amounts of sodium they use in the batter.Fat people love fried chicken and fat people love sodium....so its par for the course.
5	Located in or at least attached to a gas station (this was a bit of a new concept to us) but none the less clean and friendly. The staff greeted us right away and were super friendly and you could tell they really enjoyed their jobs and stood behind the product they were selling. The chicken was wonderful! I happen to have a slight chicken skin obsession, often only eating the skin off the fried chicken. OMG! The spicy chicken skin was so crunchy and flavorful. I was in love! The meal cost us about $13 for two adults. Much better than dining on the strip that afternoon. We will visit Popeyes again during our next Vegas vacation.
2	The food was great. But the service was bad. We had to wait 30 min for our food. And when we got it, Guadalupe behind the counter wanted to charge 25 cents per sauce packet. After telling her we waited a long time for our food and we shouldn't have to pay for condiments, the manager told her just give it to them. This place was really slow and filled with waiting customers.  A 30 min wait for an 8 piece meal is not cool.
1	Popeyes is one of my favorite places but the staff at this location is a joke. Got dinner for the family, drove home to find my order was missing an entire meal. Drove back and walked in with my receipt and got nothing but an additude from the young girl. She admitted to bagging it and acted like I was making it up to get more food. Instead of being apologetic she was rude and obnoxious. Won't be back here...
5	I've come here a few times since I live down the street from it.  They have recently done a little remodel...nothing too fancy, just some new wall paper, table and chair replacements.  A nice update.  Soda machine was a lot cleaner this time as compared to last several times.  The older lady cashier was really nice, definitely could tell she enjoyed her fun little extra spending cash job.  :)  I got the promo dippin' chicken meal.  good deal, fair price, tasted good, fresh...tasty.  would recommend!
2	Ask me a year ago to rate this place and I would give it 4 stars. But presently it's just a disappointing place. It's located on windmill and las vegas blvd, connected to a gas station. Interior is pretty small, you're better off ordering to go and eating at home. Sometimes the place gets really smelly.Just your usual fast food place, order at the window and wait for them to call out your number. If you do a walk in on a tuesday you're going to end up waiting 45 minutes for some chicken -___-.  Waiting for your food is a game here, sometimes it comes out immediately and sometimes you wait forever.As for the taste you don't come here because it's the best chicken in the world. You come here because its average and its cheap. Nothing much to say. What annoys me are their prices! :( They keep raising them wtf! The sauces use to be free now they charge you for it. Also their $.50 tuesday special is no longer $.50 it's like $.80 or something. IT'S CALLED TUESDAY SPECIAL FOR A REASON.PRO TIP! Go through the drive-thru when ordering much much more faster.
3	I can definetly say this chicken is better than KFC which IMO has gone way down in quality over the last several years.  I always get some form of the chicken strips.  Most recently I ordered some new Buffalo hot strips that are covered in buffalo hot sauce.  They were pretty good.  I wish the sauce was a bit spicier but I realize I am not the average person, I like really hot and spicy foods.  The sides are one of my favorite parts of Popeye's chicken.  I usually get the red beans and rice, but the mashed potatoes and gravy are very good as well. Price wise, I think they are hit and miss.  I usually only come here when they have some special that sounds good or is cheap.  They do seem to have a lot of additional options which look expensive to me.  BTW:  You can order your strips regular or with a spicy seasoning cooked into them.
1	Went there and they ran out of chicken that was cooked.they said it would be 30 minutes wait.we had to get a refund.other customers were yelling and complaining as well.this location sucks
3	Do not come to this location between 7pm to 8:30 pm they cannot handle a busy crowd. Unless, you don't mind waiting 25 minutes for your food when they run out of chicken breast, WTF cook some MORE MORE MORE, other than that, be my guest. I didn't go to the drive thru because, there were a lot of cars waiting. So I went inside to order. I paid and got my receipt at 7:40 and didn't get my food till 8:05. So much for Louisiana, Fast. Better yet, they manage to screw up my order by giving me the wrong sides and handed my order to the wrong customer and I had to grab it myself wow! Anyway the chicken is gooooood!
1	Bad fucking service 1 car in front of me in the drive thru I waited 30 mins. if the persons order In front of me is going to take a while make that fucking person pull to the side and wait what the fuck 30 mins wait time for an order of 9pcs of chicken this fucking place is ridiculous the manager on this shift is an idiot.
4	There are few things better than Popeye's chicken, and these guys make it well. It isn't the fastest service in the world, but it all came out super hot and fresh. So ya, if you are looking to treat yourself to some deep fried chicken come here :)
4	I've been to this location twice so far, and I am consistent entertained by the customers that wait in line.  I truly feel sorry for the staff that works here, as the clients here are the worst I've ever seen.The ghetto people that hold up the line complaining about their chicken (when there shouldn't be a problem to begin with) are mind bogglingly tacky;* Lady holds up the line of 20 people because she said she "called and axed [sic] where the place was and the man said it was down the street, and I walked for 3 miles..."Then she DEMANDS A TAXI!Like...O____OWhat??I'll finish this review when I have more time, but I just wanted to mitigate some of the abuse that Kyle and his all-female staff have had hurled at them by the general public.They deserve a break.  I'll add a star when I get appropriate condiments next time (read: tartar sauce)
4	This place is a typical Popeyes. Most of the time, service is good and the food comes out great. I only come on Tuesdays for the 2 for $1.29 special (formerly 99 cents). I go to this location whenever I come from I-15.It's your typical fast food joint, except it's fried chicken. The only bad thing I can say about this place is on Tuesdays, it gets so crowded because of the special. Even the drive-thru gets backed up.I suggest getting chicken early to mid afternoon, before 4-5 pm when people come home and pick up their dinner. The chicken tastes better (more recently cooked) and you beat having to wait due to the rush.From what I've seen, the staff is always hard working, especially on Tuesdays. Whenever I ask for hot sauce, I get it. They're always busy so there's none of that happy greeting when you walk in stuff, but it's not like I come for that. I come for the cheap and good chicken on Tuesdays. As long as that status quo is maintained, I'll keep coming.
5	just like your typical popeyes. you know. sometimes the place gets really packed since getting some chicken here could be a game - (except on tuesdays where they have that special.) your order may come out quick, or comes out in about 30 minutes. place is pretty decent, although it is connected to a terribles. the only thing is that they cant clean some tables right away. napkins, crumbs, are everywhere. i love the "popeyes radio" too even though you can barely hear it. and id say kudos to the staff here for their patience when it comes to handling SOME ghetto customers complaining about their stuff. like come on people. these guys here, like Scott K. said in his review, need a break.
5	This is the only location for the BEST Popeye's chicken in Las Vegas on Tuesdays for the Tuesday "SPECIAL" 2pc/$1.29.The drive thru is FAST, the chicken is HOT and CRISPY. The service is very friendly and operated efficiently.We have been going here every Tuesdays for 3 years and it hasn't disappointed.Always consistently the BEST of all the Popeye's locations in Las Vegas.
2	I am not a fan of this Popeyes, my order is wrong more than right, non spicy when i order spicy, wrong chicken selections thn i ordered, runny mashed potatoes, old biscuits, dry chicken. I have noticed the popeye's that are in gas stations lack the quality that the stand alones have. The lady that has taken my order a few times seems like she does not understand english well which leads me to repeating my order time and time again. Also what happened to the strawberry jelly!!! I actually have started to just do an extra commute to go to the stand alone popeyes because i am that disatisfied with this location. Get it together
4	When you need greasy (in a good way), spicy (in a great way), fattening (ok.... two out of three ain't bad) fried chicken this is where to go. The biscuits are good and the sides are too.
1	I wish I could honestly give them NO stars. The drive thru has the worst fucking service and they cannot seem to tell the difference between spicy and mild chicken! Have came here so many times and they never get it right! Even called the big people to complain cause we eat Popeyes a lot and they couldn't do anything for us which is fine it's a fast food restaurant but seriously get your shit right! The Popeyes on Decatur can always seem to get everything right!
1	Wow, the worst ever. Chicken was old, close slaw tasted like some dam bullshit, straight mayo and plastic tasting. Did I mention the chicken was old and now an upset stomach, JERKS.
1	We were waiting over 30minutes in the drive thru tonight. These guys need to be better trained. If a huge order comes through the drive thru they should ask them to pull over. But what makes me really mad is my friend in the car behind us. She had ordered fish and shrimp. After waiting over 30 minutes, she gets to the window where they dare to say we didn't prepare any fish. And practically forced her to get chicken instead. What the hell kind of service is that?! They didn't seem sorry at all and forgot to give her sauce. I will never return to this location again. Also, while waiting for our food at the window we watched as one of the female workers just texted on her phone while doing nothing. Texting instead of making the fish. Someone fire these people and hire a better manager. I'm beyond disappointed.
