4	popped over here today with a faculty member becuase we were a tad early to a meeting in Wholers Hall.  this was incredibly useful.  we had a quick stroll through the art museum then found ourselves enjoying a latte while sitting on a very smart looking and feeling modern sofa set.  very conducive to the brainstorming session we embarked on.  this used to be the palette cafe in the art museum but now has been outsourced to espresso.  the coffee is always the same no matter which espresso royale you visit, a bit bitter for me, but still enjoyable.
4	The location in the Krannert Center is nice; the granola parfaits, though, are better.Love the parfaits and their soups - today's tomato bisque with spinach was excellent. The coffee drinks are very good - I'm not a serious coffee-drinker, so I'll refrain from serious comment there - but I would get a latte across the street at Espresso Royale before I'd get one at the Starbucks in my own freaking law school building.
4	But for this Expresso Royale,...certain professors wouldn't be able to conduct class because they need their coffee from here....certain professional school students would not be able to stay awake in class...certain professional school students would either have to trek to Jimmy John's or eat overpriced, greasy food instead of Expresso Royale's delicious soups and sandwiches...certain members of the university would not have a getaway spot to chat or study...I wouldn't have discovered how awesome "The Goat" sandwich is (goat cheese and veggies on focaccia)....nor would I have fostered my slight addiction to mint hot chocolate.
2	I have been going to this cafe for 4 years now, and this year has taken a turn for the worst.There is an almost entirely new staff and the are UNDER TRAINED to say the least.Things move exceptionally slower (aprox. 8 min to get your drink, when there ISN'T a line), and on top of that, the quality is horrible.The coffee is so poor with this new staff, its not close to being worth the money or time. Half the time it tastes burnt or watery, sometimes lattes taste like they are 100% milk.Additionally, this new staff can not even correctly assemble sandwiches, which it a bit unbelievable. How is this possible? I'm not sure, but do not waste your $5 on any sandwich/wrap here.Just awful by any standards.
2	This is a general beef I have with all the espresso royale companies, but this store takes the cake because of its terrible set up. Why in the world do the baristas not cover hot drinks with a cap before giving them customers, who then have to walk across this poorly set up cafe with an open-top, overflowing, scalding hot drink, to the sugar/milk/caps station? I got burned and spilled my drink (not for the first time) today, and was given no sympathy by the employees. If you're gonna charge two bucks for a medium cup of coffee, you need to make sure that you're ensuring customer safety. I'm considering reporting this just as a general safety complaint to CUPHD, because I'm having a hard time coming up with a valid reason why a franchise would have this sort of policy. Cover the drinks with a cap before you give them to customers, and offer some kind of stopper for the drinks. They make ok coffee, meh food, and are close to campus. Why can't they come up with a better way to do this?!
1	Twice I've caught Espresso Royale staff overcharging me for my drinks. Mind this if you are ordering a tea latte, because somehow they charge you for a coffee latte instead, which is way more expensive.In addition, I caught food poisoning from their mango smoothie.
5	This Espresso really knows what they're doing. I have yet to get a soy cappuccino here that isn't awesome. Other Espresso Royals are a hit or miss because it can be hard to get foam out of soy milk. Also, their manager is awesome at latte art.
