5	Wow! The remodel looks amazing! I feel like I'm in Disneyland!This place is huge and there is a large separate space for their Pink line with pretty much everything you can find online in this store, win! The decorations and lighting are beautiful! The staff is all really friendly and helpful. All of the employees I spoke to about the renovations were equally as excited about it as I am. Oh and the the dressing rooms are so pretty! I just want to spend all my time here rolling around in all the goodies they have to offer. Just as a note, there are fun chairs for all you dudes to sit in and wait for your girlfriends to finishing shopping (or you just might sit there and watch me with a huge grin on my face frolicking through the store).
4	I was here on New Year's Day, during a madhouse sale, and was treated so well - MUCH better customer service than in the SF Bay Area. Thank you!!
5	So amazingly beautiful since it's been redone! And well there bras are the only bras I  wear! They hold up great! I love VS forever!
1	I had terrible customer service at this location yesterday. My daughter wanted to by a bra that had a sign with a picture of the same bra and it said $29.99. When we went to pay the bra rang up twice the price and when we showed the sign to the clerk she took it down and said it should have been taken down a while ago and that we couldn't have that price. She then tried to say it wasn't for that bra even though it is the exact one in the picture. She said the description is for a different one that isn't the picture. That didn't even make sense. We left with nothing after being told we had to pay a different price then was clearly advertised.
4	I am going to say this is not a bad place at all. My only complaint ,too many people  and not enough people working here to help everyone. But, hey what can you do. This is Hell week for the folks working at the stores and other shops. They carry clothes but, limted amounts,not everything that is in the catalog.No. these clothes are not for me , they are for a gift. It is all too confusing though,so I just got a gift card, very easy and very simple. Lots of females spraying perfume every where, I cannot say that I liked it.The perfume smells a little on the cheap side.Parking for this place is tough this time of year, but, I am sure that other times not too bad.The guy next to me had to ask for gift boxes and then ask for tissuse. I think this should be included with his purchase, you should not have to ask.He is not buying for himself,so it is a gift. GIve him the boxes and tissuse, so he does not have to ask.
4	nice looking place
1	I wish the employees would tell you how much you have to go through to pay your Angel's credit card bill, before you actually get one! Once I pay mine off, I will not use it again. When you go there, you have to wait through the line just to pay a bill. Then, they can't even tell you how much you owe, so if you have a fee and don't know about it, that's not their problem. Then, you can't even pay with a debit card. Just cash or check only. Then, I tried paying online, but you can only pay online with a check. I tried paying online with a check, but it didn't go through for some reason, even though it was valid, so I had a $30.00 fee. Now I don't trust their website for my payments, so I drive to the mall just to pay my bill.
3	Came in with cousin last week in search of a convertible bra to be able to wear a flapper dress for the Yelp Great Gatsby party held a few days ago.  I was happy to find someone who was knowledgeable about the materials that were used to construct the bras since I had allergy issues.  The salesclerk assured me that the bras I wanted to get were free of an allergenic material and said that if I had any problems with them, I could always return and either exchange them for something else, or get my money back without hassles.There were many sales going on at the time, and I wish I had more time to peruse through the store, but time was of the essence.  (I just wish we could get rid of the cashier lines!)  I'm glad to say I didn't have to return any of the bras I found that day, and that the outfit worked out well.  :)
5	super big store which i love! Employees are so nice and always ask if you need a bra measured or need help! dressing rooms are big. semi annul sale is awesome here. is farther from my house but thats not too big of a deal since i dont just go to scottsdale fashion square just for this store! is pricey thought which is sad because if it were somewhat cheaper i would shop here a lot more often!
2	This location really needs to hire more workers to deal with customers in such a high traffic store especially on weekends.  Very long waits to try on clothing and pay. The lady running the fitting rooms was strange. She asked for my name and then asked if it was spelled with a K or C but didn't do anything with that information? Weird. If you can, shop at a properly staffed location.
3	This is a very large location, but it is seriously understaffed. I have a hard time finding what I need because it is just so crowded and there aren't enough workers to help people find things or get dressing rooms, the lines are so long, and the place can get to be a mess during sales. Since it is a large location I find a lot of selection in their bras and underwear, but I also find that they run out of large sizes of clothes in the Pink store. I haven't experienced this same problem in the Victoria's Secret portion of the shop. Maybe the Pink clothes run small? Overall this place is meh. I don't always find anything great, but If I'm looking to stock up on underwear I'll probably stop by.
5	Excellent service. I went to try on swim wear for a pool party. The lady in the fitting rooms Lani (or Lonnie, not sure how to spell it) was honest and went abouve and beyond to be helpful. If something did not look right she let me know. She made a suggestion that looked much better and worked well for me. If only more people were like her at all the shops, the customer satisfaction would drastically increase. I will be a repeat customer of this location because of her. She was also very knowledgable on the entire product line. Way to go VS For hiring one incredible employee.
2	When adult women try to sell something to me in the voice of a ditzy, confused six year old, I tend to run far away. Too bad I like the underwear here. In all seriousness, not all of your clientele take pride or want to identify with the helpless school girl persona. Give me a break.
