4	Low cost good work. Two macaws in the waiting room.  Right by the mall on the East side.
1	A wash may be better priced than others but you'll get what you pay for. My husband brought out 2008 Prius for a wash and vacuum and it doesn't look like anything has been cleaned! The carpet in the hatch and floors are still dirty and none of the interior was wiped down. We will be going to Octopus or we'll just do it ourselves next time.
5	I came in with a free wash voucher after having my vehicle serviced at Ford. One of the guys who oversees the final wipe down of the car, inspected it once it came out of the wash, and said he wanted to put it through one more time because it was still dirty. They took the extra time to wipe the car by hand, and put it through the wash once more. Definitely more than I expected from any car wash facility... especially when I didn't even have to pay!
2	This time around wasn't so great. The interior of my car was wiped with dirty rags, and my car smelled like dirty rags until I got home and was able to wipe down the interior myself. They also didn't do quite so well on drying the car off - although I should have probably said something to the guys about doing a better job. Nevertheless, a very disappointing experience, after such positive one just a few months back.
1	I paid $17.50 for an inside-outside cleaning and was given a dirty car. After agreeing that the car was dirty, the manager refused to have them vacuum it again.
1	I've given Mermaid quite a few chances.  I have never been pleased with the work.The outside of the car is always dripping; the interior glass/dash was smeared and looked worse than when I went in.  I make the extra drive down to Octopus.
1	It took them two washes and a visit with the owner to get it partially right.The owner thinks the only way to dry windows and windshields is with a wet cloth.I couldn't convince the owner of using dry cloths.I won't go back - The guy is brusque, and not ethical.  They have hardly any business - I wonder why?They will be out of business soon.Go to OCTOPUS for the BEST WASH.
3	The guy that asks what kind of wash we want is always so down to earth and has this kindly, gangsta vibe about him.  Don't ask me what that is really but he's got it.  He is never rude but does manage to make me laugh.  I have had my fair share of issues with this place but it really depends on who you get.  I was trying to get the antennae off the car but could not for the life of me.  One of the workers was there immediately to help.  One of the guys at the end of the wash also put all of our belongings back into a careful pile and closed the door for me as I sat down.  I was very impressed with the service this day!The wash seemed fine.  And again, in the past I have had issues where they miss a bunch of spots or just wipe away a mess with a drying towel at the end.  I do think that it again, just depends on the day and who is there.  I keep coming back because it is easier than cleaning my own car and they are much faster.
2	I've been to this location a couple of times.  I had a free coupon for them from a place that I got my oil changed at.  Let me tell you, if I didn't get that for free, I would have been asking for my money back.  I don't get my car cleaned (inside) on a regular basis. I have a black lab, who sheds like crazy.  I wasn't expecting my car to be spotless by any means, but when I got back in to my car - there were still things on the foot rugs, the dash wasn't dusted off. It hardly looked like I just got my car cleaned.  Will not be going here to throw away my money.
