4	Margiotta must be one of the few grocery stores that plays classical music and opera to accompany your shopping experience. Margiotta sells basics: fruit and veg, milk, cereal, papers, that sort of thing. It also has a slight deli feel to it. It does sell some fresh baking as well as some more expensive dips, cheeses and meats. All in all their choice of products does tend to be on the pricier side. I certainly wouldn't come here to do all my weekly shopping. But it does provide a service as a handy local grocers, as well as offering some more special items.I used to live just west of this shop, by Roseburn. I would walk past Margiotta at night after my martial arts class and would pop in to make the most of their post 9pm discount baking. 10p for all baking! Sometimes 5p! Admittedly this isn't a particularly consistent service and they would sometimes toss all the baking out before I got there. The flip side to this is that they also sometimes give you the baking for even less.After stopping a shoplifter in Margiottas I felt a bit like Batman, for all of two minutes before I learnt it was a regular who suffered certain difficulties. The staff were extremely patient and handled the situation really well. I was impressed.
4	On St Andews day last year me and a few friends went to Edinburgh Zoo with the intention of getting in for free which you can on that day. Unfortunately when we got there they said that the zoo was closing in 2 minutes (teaches us for not checking the opening/closing times). The buses were all to full to get home on, so we decided to walk back all the way to Pollock. many of the shops were closed, but Margiotta was not and after 45 minutes of walking in the freezing cold, Margiotta was our saviour.The shop is renowned for playing 'classical' music, I personally don't like this attribute, I find it quite annoying after a couple of minutes and makes me feel like I'm in a retirement home, I don't know how the staff put up for it for the whole day!In terms of pricing, Margiotta is pretty bad, they have a few deals within the shop but most  are not self proscribed- only having deals on out of date items or where the products wrapper declares a price. I am only giving it four stars because of the sheer convenience of it and it providing a good place to come to before a train journey from Haymarket where you can avoid the criminal prices of the train buffet service.
5	Is it possible to get excited by a corner shop?! Because I just did.A good friend has just moved in very close by, and when I showed up to her pre-flat-warming-party party empty handed, I said I'd just nip out to the local Tesco. But wait! No! (cried she). There is a corner shop just outside.I was very doubtful I'd find anything other than "Spar's own brand" in her local corner shop. And felt quite bad I was going to be proferring Spar value houmous and stale bread at her pre-party-party.Instead, I was actually in awe of Margiotta and immediately jealous it wouldn't be my new local.It's really big inside, very deep, and has a great selection of all the foods you could need, and with a variety of different brands, some of which are quite up market (can anyone say Gu chocolate puds? Mmm.)There's a fresh-food fridge at the front, with sandwiches, salads, and cakes. Perfect for lunch on the go. And the quality looks good.I was trying to find ingredients for a tasty, healthy pud and found everything I needed here. There was fresh fruit, a baking section with lots of different types of nuts, fresh breads and pastries, a wide selection of yoghurts. I would even go so far to say it was better than a small Tesco metro, as the produce on offer was very fresh, and very good quality.This felt more akin to a corner shop on the continent, where the food is fresh, good quality and affordable. A very far cry from our nation's beloved Spar. I'm not sure if this is a chain, or a one-off, but by gosh Margiotta is a gem!Oh and a bonus is they have a cash machine in-store, which doesn't charge you for using it. Major win!
