5	Amazing food, great service. Solo trattoria uses locally grown produce when possible. The chef is brilliant! Amazing traditionally inspired Italian dishes that fits the local Phoenix culture. The best pizza crust I have ever tasted! Try the Panna Cotta dessert... Absolutely to die for! Also the house made pasta really can't be any better.
5	Wow, what a great place!!!!  Try the pizza!  I've had 3 kinds...all were glorious.  The guys in the kitchen here are absolutely wonderful!  And they use LOCAL & ORGANIC!!!  (They genuinely do...they don't just 'claim to' like many, many restaurants in the valley sadly.)  Hard to find a place with such integrity.  So excited they opened!
5	The best dining experience I've had in a long time immaculate service and tasty food can't go wrong with this restaurant!
5	My son and I always make time for Mother-Son dinners. Last night, our dining experience went like this...When we walked by this Tratorria style Italian gem, we couldn't help but ask ourselves "Do we want Italian?"  We always ask ourselves this question before we walk into an Italian spot, because most times we are very disappointed. Being Italian you develop a taste for no nonsense GOOD Italian food made with simple, fresh, local ingredients. And the only time you can add the "GOOD" is when it comes out of my kitchen (or Grandma's kitchen). Except this time... WE LOVED THIS PLACE. And that's before we even sat down.We were greeted immediately and allowed to sit where we chose. The waitstaff was more than helpful when it came to deciding on our Antipasta and Primi.Our food came out fast, hot and fresh! The special of the day, Maltagliati -- Pork belly, English peas, parmigiano, was amazing. I caught myself licking my fork over and over (And I was embarrassed when my son pointed it out!)We were full and HAPPY when we left. We can't wait to go back!PS I love that I am the first to Yelp this place!!
5	I put a lot of stock in sites like Yelp and Trip Advisor and depend heavily on non-biased reviews, so I feel I owe it to Yelpers to disclaim that I know the owners of Solo.  It is family owned - guaranteed you will see mom Jackie and/or one or all of the 3 sons around.  I was a little leery of visiting a restaurant where we knew the owners - what do you do if it's terrible?  Turns out I had no need to worry - we left extremely satisfied.Ambiance - I would describe it as modern Italian.  It's a smaller restaurant, so it definitely has a more intimate feel vs. the huge, noisy chains around the Valley.  They also have a small bar area good for happy hour or if you just want to enjoy a nice glass of wine and watch sports after work if you happen to work in that area.Service - server was great; unfortunately I don't recall his name, but he was attentive, polite and friendly.Food - my fiance and I went with another couple and we wanted to try as much as possible, so we ordered 2 pizzas and 2 pasta dishes and shared family style.  I should note here that their dishes are traditionally Italian (i.e. on the smaller side), where you can have a first course of pasta, second course of meat, etc., so I would not recommend ordering 1 pasta dish and splitting it for 2 people (although American meals don't last 3-4 hours the way Italian meals do, so I wouldn't order a first course and a second course - 1 will suffice!).  Also if you want bread and dipping oil, it's free but you need to request it.  They use Corto Olive Oil, and it's incredibly flavorful.  Anyway, we ordered the Chitarra and Fazzoletti pastas and the Coppa and Salsiccia pizzas.  Everyone at the tabled raved about the Chitarra dish, which is vaguely reminiscent of a spaghetti carbonara but lighter and with big hunks of pancetta.  I think we all wanted to lick the plate clean.  The Fazzoletti is a pesto-based dish with peas and while it was good, it was lacking something - we couldn't put our fingers on what, but it needed some kind of pop in the dish, like sun-dried tomatoes.  However, that's my personal opinion and what appeals to one may not appeal to others.  One member of our party loves peas though and couldn't eat them fast enough.  The pizzas were both delicious - the chef does a wonderful job with the crust.  The Coppa was a cheese pizza with chili flakes, and it was my fiance's favorite dish because of the spice.  The Salsiccia was my personal fave - sausage AND caramelized onion?  Sign me up!  We also tried a cheese board (mmmm cheeeeeese....) that had some great cheeses but I couldn't stop eating the giardiniere (pickled veggies) which accompanied the cheese and even purchased a small container to take with me.Dessert (because dessert should always have its own section) - I was in a gelato mood, but I was easily swayed when I heard the description of the Nutella Budino.  It's a little like a Nutella souffle/pudding cake, and was so delicious I really did nearly lick the bowl - I kept scraping my spoon in the bowl for every last taste.  Luckily, the other couple ordered gelato so I got to try the pistachio, mascarpone and strawberry flavors.  I believe they said they get their gelato from The Grateful Spoon next to Postino, which I love, so it was no surprise how tasty it was.Wine - LOVED seeing an Arizona red on the menu so I immediately ordered that (Arizona Stronghold Mangus).  However, I also tried their house Malbec (Ruta 22) and that was great as well.Overall, we were thrilled with the restaurant and look forward to returning!
4	Excellent food on all our visits. Went with a friend on a gluten-free diet. The gluten-free pasta w pomodoro sauce is worth another visit.
5	This is an amazing place.  The food is original, subtle, and compelling.  The service is top-notch.  If you like food, you have to try this place.  Look at their website for the happy hour deals, where you get to pay mom-and pop prices for brilliant food.  I tried 6 kinds of pizza as part of a free sampler, and then meatballs and grilled asparagus.  Also, the best pizza dough I've ever had.  Everything showcased the special tastes of a chef who is skillful, super-experienced, and involved.
5	My new favorite Italian restaurant!My husband and I were both craving pasta and I had this place bookmarked, so we decided to have dinner here.The server started out by explaining the specials and gave us complimentary bread with olive oil balsamic dipping sauce. The bread was very good, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. We immediately decided on the burrata as an appetizer, as this is both one of our favorites. We were pretty torn on what to order for dinner as we were both craving pasta, and all of the dishes sounded good. We asked our server for  some guidance and he was able to explain the dishes in detail. My husband decided on the canneloni special with red sauce with a Stella, and I decided on the Fazzoletti along with a glass of pinot noir. The wine was really good, nice and smooth which is how I like it, and my husband's Stella came in a nice big glass. The burrata - melt in your mouth mounds of cheese on a garlic toast. Amazing!!Canneloni - flavorful homemade red sauce with fresh pasta tubes filled with spinach and ricotta. Also fantastic!Fazzoletti - fresh sheets of "handkerchief" past, with a citrus pesto, with ricotta salada an peas. This was also a win, I rarely order a pesto dish out because I usually can make it just as good at home. I don't know exactly what they did with this sauce, but it was way better than mine!Prices were reasonable for the quality of the food, and service was great. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.
5	Simply delicious!  If your looking for your next favorite little Italian restaurant to have a great bottle of wine and a perfect meatball, this is it.
4	#100 for 2013! Woot! Anyway, I went to SOLO for my birthday dinner with my mom and it was very good! We shared the funghi pizza and the pasta with the nettle pesto. The pizza was great, it was fresh and earthy. It had a pancetta agrodulce on it, which was good, kind of like a dressing, but I thought it would have had pieces of pancetta on it. The pasta was also very good, the pesto was delicious and the peas were fresh. We shared a bottle of delicious moscato d'asti, half priced because it was Wednesday, and for dessert we had the budino which was nice and tasted like nutella and was very tasty. On top of all that, the prices were very reasonable. I had plenty of food for lunch for 2 days after the meal. I would definitely come back to SOLO again!!!
5	This place is great causal upscale Italian.
3	Meh. The food is okay, not great, not bad. The front of the house was a mess and needs some serious attention to training. Our server came by for a drink order, listed 3 beers on special, and when we asked what type of beer one of the specials was, the response was, "I don't know".... not, I'll go find out, just "I don't know." Later when ordering entrees we asked about a pasta dish, and the explanation from the server was literally, to read the description off of the menu over my shoulder. The homemade pasta was tasty, but stuck together too much. I'd rather go to The Parlor or Mr. Bianco's new "Italian Restaurant" any day. This place has to fix the totally unenthusiastic front of the house for any hope of making it.
3	Tried the meatballs, chef's daily pizza, and the asparagus.  The aspargus was good and the egg on top added an great interesting twist.  But really there are 5 other pizza joints within a mile radius that I would choose before going back to SOLO.  That said, its locale is a food hub and if this was in the east valley or west valley this would hands down kill the competition.  The decor and ambience was nice (candles, fresh flowers, and the server was good.  The food had too many tastes that reminded me of a upper chain restuarant with prices that were a $1-$2 higher than merited.  I might give it one more try since it's a family business and on it's 6th week from opening.
5	Best service ever and best food ever! Delicious pizza and appetizer! Best vodka ever and locally owned! Bam bam we love Carlos! Will go back.
5	So we were going to another popular restaurant around the corner from Solo Trattoria and while waiting we decided to give Solo Trattoria a try after looking at the menu and hearing the story behind the restaurant. As promised, the food is super fresh Tuscan style food. I believe he said "Farm to table" and he was dead on. The Burratta on toasts was excellent followed by the meatballs that my husband loved. We had the special and loved it. My husband is a definite meat and potatoes kind of guy and was looking forward to the traditional steak house appetizers from the place originally planned. But....he love the food at Solo Trattoria and we also loved trying a new family owned Phoenix business in the Biltmore area. I wish for their sake, they were on the beaten path, but I promise that if you take the extra walk through the tunnel or do the valet or the huge parking garage, you won't be disappointed with Solo Trattoria on the west side of the traditional Biltmore shops!
4	We happened into Solo on a Friday night.  We shared the burrata, beet salad, and the gnocchi--all of which was quite good.  the gnocchi was light and complemented the sauce.  Because they were having a quiet night, they also offered us tastes of two other pastas, both of which were tasty and inventive.  Solo is family owned and is still getting established having been opened for just a few weeks.  Certainly worth another trip.
5	My inamorata and I were in town for a business trip a couple weeks back and were lucky enough to find this gem while taking a stroll down Camelback to explore what Phoenix had to offer.  We were so pleased with the fig jam and prosciutto pizza, the personalized service and ambiance that we decided to come back for the chef's tasting menu on day two of our visit.  We went all in and had a ten (10) course tasting menu (call ahead).  Staff took the time to explain the dishes, often the sourcing and of course the seasonality. Chef Degel often has a whimsical approach to his dishes. You will find little wink's in his pasta creations and specials. Some of highlights included  A mortadella agnolotti pasta is an analog to childhood favorite bologna and cheese while the English Pea Cappelletti en Brodo is essentially an Italian Wonton soup. The salmon crudo (raw salmon, strawberries, jalepeno and advocado) was refreshing while still taking the palette on a little journey of taste and texture. My partner had a crush on the Berry Soup and Oatmeal Stout panna cotta (it seems these are in house treats and not farmed out) for dessert. If you have the time and appetite take a run at the Chefs tasting menu ...you won't be left wanting.Solo's setting is a step up and fit for a special occasion or date, the staff willing and knowledgeable the food satisfying and playful. Solo is a bit hidden in its corridor off Camelback Rd and lacks an obvious street view but is truly a gem worth searching for. We will be back on next visit to Phoenix.
4	Such delicious pizza! As a vegetarian, I only had a couple options to choose from, but the bianca and margherita pizza were so tasty, I didn't need more options. There are about 35 wine selections. I was lucky enough to taste several, and all were wonderful. The servers were delightful, prompt, and well informed.This is one of my new favorite places!
4	I was actually looking for another restaurant that no longer existed apparently so stopped in here on a whim because I was so hungry.  I have the broasted chicken sandwich with an arugula salad  and I have to say it was probably the best sandwich I have ever had.  The bread was fresh and warm, the cheese on the sandwich was yum and hte sauce was not over powering.  Would go back again if I lived here.
5	so I have been here 5-6 times already. The food is beyond amazing, and the happy hour is great. If the Hawaii 5.0 pizza available you should order it....Yummy. The chef is creative in every effort, from food to drinks, beers, and wine. Congrats on the opening. And since its a walk from home, Ill be there often.
5	The meatball sub is the best I have had in Az so far. The service was outstanding. I sat at the bar and talked with the owner. My server was the best! I can't wait to go back. I hope they do well at this location.
4	After a Yelp event in the Esplanade, my husband and I made our way back to the parking garage, intending to head to Sportsman's for dinner and wine (yes, we needed more food and booze after a Yelp event. We're pigs). A sign for "50% off bottles of wine" caught our attention, and the owner Jon reeled us in explaining the menu and their emphasis on local products.We sat out on the patio to enjoy the last decent night before summer started. We chose an Italian red wine to enjoy with our meal. I loved that they offered to ice our bottle after the first pour. This might sound strange to some people, but it shows they know their wine. It was over 80 degrees outside so the wine would have gotten way too warm otherwise. We decided to split a pizza and pasta. We got the funghi pizza which was a special, and I really liked everything about it. The crust was puffy but not soft and doughy. The toppings had a ton of flavor. The spaghetti alla chittara was also successful in my book, but my husband thought it was just a bit undercooked. He also was hoping for a bigger portion for the price. With the discounted bottle of wine, I still think the total bill was a good value for the high quality food we received.We are so happy we stumbled upon Solo Trattoria. I know if we lived closer, we would definitely be regulars.
4	The location is a little tough to find (behind Del Frisco) but it is a cute little restaurant.  The menu is rather small but the food is outstanding.  We had the carbonara and rigatoni and both were excellent. All fresh made pastas.   We also tried their fig and prosciutto pizza, which was outstanding.   I wanted to try the chef tasting menu but everyone at the table had to order it and no one else wanted to do it.Service was excellent as well. The only downside is the wine list is rather limited.I definitely would go back!
3	It's a tough 1st impression when one feels like they're wandering in no man's land just to find the front door.  That said, when we finally found it, it was a little surprising at how small and quaint the location is, as most things in Scottsdale are very bold and in your face.  We were seated, and started with the pork belly and burrata mozzarella.  Pork belly is very fatty - and I'm never prepared for it - so it always catches me off guard.  But it was nice with the lentils.  The fresh mozzarella was really good with the tomatoes.  For the entree, Angie got the salmon and I got the flatiron.  The salmon was on a nice orzo salad and really felt like a complete meal.  The skirt steak was more of a de-constructed steak salad.  The arugula with parmesan was good, and the steak was seasoned nicely, but the meal just left me wanting more if that makes sense.  Maybe a starch would help complete the dish, but as is I wouldn't consider it an entree.  The desserts were just ok, I had the gelato trio and the pistachio one was tasty but the rest were just forgettable.  I suppose when one sees an average rating of 4.5 you have certain expectations - and it just didn't do it for me.  The service was okay, but there are so many choices in Scottsdale, I doubt I'll be back.
5	Best Italian food in town! A must if you enjoy special dishes.
5	Like taking a tour through Italy!This Italian restaurant is a the real deal! The dishes are authentic and inventive and highlight local ingredients. The whole experience, from cocktails to dinner to dessert, is an adventure. The bruschetta was like nothing I had ever had - life changing! We went during happy hour, so we were able to try many different small plates. Every dish had something I had never had before. My favorite (second to the bruschetta) was the Stuffed Mortadella -- Crow's Dairy ricotta, parmigiano, pomodoro. It is a fairly small place in an unexpected location, but SO worth the trip. We will be back!
5	This is a must for anyone who loves excellent food! The service is excellent and I can't wait to go again.
5	I've been to Solo Trattoria about 8 times for lunch and dinner and the food is always superb. They use quality, fresh ingredients and you can really tell!! I've had the chicken chopped, chicken breast dish, salmon, meatballs, several different appetizer salads and have never been disappointed! Solo is a family owned business and everyone is so friendly! And the desserts are so scrumptious! My favorite is the red velvet cake made with olive oil. It isn't always on the menu but it is out of this world yummy! I've also had the nutella budino and it is a very close second!! I highly recommend Solo!!
4	We read all of the great reviews, so decided to try this place out for ourselves for dinner.  We ended up showing up for happy hour and took advantage of the amazing options and prices!  The restaurant is comfortable, the staff was friendly and the food was reasonable and tasty.  We shared the meatballs, a salad and a pizza...the cost was so little we felt like we did something wrong.  Definitely check this place out for happy hour...you won't be sorry!
5	We got to try a lot of things because we had a prixe fixe dinner Living Social voucher.  It was AWESOME!First, its nice to have attentive waitstaff that's attentive as well as knowledgeable about the food.  Always positive, no attitude - we all know this can ruin any meal if you have poor service.  Its also nice when the manager or owner of the establishment seems to care that things are going well.  The place is definitely well run and the food came out at appropriate times.For appetizers we got the green bean salad and the pork belly.  Both were different enough to be interesting but worked well enough that it wasn't weird.  Portions were decent and there was just the right amount of seasoning on both. For entrees we got gnocchi and salmon.  Salmon was deliciously cooked with the skin on - I'd forgotten how good just plain salmon can be with just some salt.  The waiter warned me that the gnocchi is thicker than the traditional potato kind which I definitely appreciated.  It was a bit thick, but I'm still glad I got it because the red sauce was one of the best I've had.  It wasn't too thick or thin, too salty, too sweet.  Pretty perfect.  They could have been a tiny bit more sausage but really, its a great dish.For dessert we chose both of the specials they had that evening - carrot cake and velvet cake with mascarpone gelato.  The carrot cake was different, kind of like moist sponge cake but still very good.  The velvet cake presentation was pretty and you can't go wrong with cake and ice cream.  :)We will definitely be returning as long as their standards don't change for the worst!
5	This is what happens when you combine fresh ingredients and outstanding talent.  Unquestionably the finest, truly authentic, Italian cooking outside of Italy.... And it's in Phoenix??  Yeah, unbelievable. Must haves,Solo capreseCrisp pork bellyMalloreddus (gnocchi, but not like you've ever had it)Napoletana pizza (outside of visiting a cafe around plaza navona, you find something this good)If your not eating here, your not eating.
5	This is an excellent restaurant!  I bought a living social deal, and took my boyfriend for his birthday - but I will certainly return without the incentive of that deal - the food was THAT good!  We got a great bottle of wine - the appetizers were burrata over tasty tomatoes and a pesto/avocado dressing - very flavorful - and a salad made with haricot vert, slivered toasted almonds, and nectarines.  It was fresh, crisp - and seasonal.  The waiter even brought us some bread to try with the tomato/burrata salad, even though it wasn't supposed to go along with the dish.  For our entrees, we ordered wood fired pizzas - the margherita and a proscuitto/fig/arugula pizza.  I have to say that these were some of the best pizzas I've eaten - and I like to try local pizzerias that don't have super long lines.........   I would have skipped dessert, but since it was included with the living social voucher, we tried it - and I would try to save room for it the next time for sure.  Even though I don't love nutella (yes, I'm probably the only one out there that can say this), their nutella pudding with fresh whipped cream was amazing - I could have eaten the entire thing myself!  except we had an order of gelato - 3 huge scoops of 3 different flavors - excellent quality.  Turns out, our waiter was one of the owners - that maybe explains how knowledgeable he was about the menu?  or his sincerity and passion as he talked about the food?  all in all - it contributed to a great dining experience.  If you've never been here - go - you won't be disappointed!!!!!
5	WOW!!!! Unbelievable find in SOLO Trattoria! Can't say enough about the amazing food, terrific atmosphere and warm hospitality of this family owned establishment. From the moment I walked in the door I felt like I had entered a friend's home - sit where you feel most comfortable, enjoy a relaxed atmosphere, no serving pressure (thank you Eli!), fresh ingredients, home style cooking and over the top, mouth watering dessert. Something so simple - rigatoni and meatballs - was completely out of this world and the dessert - a pumpkin, butterscotch and fresh whipped cream (orgasmic) - what a great way to end a day! Thank you Jackie - bravo!!
5	One word...AMAZING! Saw photos of the food and it actually tastes better than it looks! When does that ever happen?The ambiance is romantic and the owners are the sweetest! Staff and service are excellent!Got the meatball app, acorn squash and mozzarella app and both were so good. Veggies were fresh and red sauce was super yum.Pastas are all made in house so the gnocchi and beef was delicious. The salmon was seasoned and seared to perfection, with lentils, brussel sprouts and sauce were the perfect combo. If you're looking for fabulous Italian food, you definitely have to try this place!
5	My wife and I ate at the SOLO trattoria on the six month anniversary of their opening. This little place was sparkling clean. The service was impeccable. The food was fresh tasting and delicious. I couldn't ask for more. This is a family owned place and it shows.
5	Very cool place. I absolutely enjoyed everything about this place, from the salad to the service I received. I actually bought a $20 groupon that was worth $40. I ordered a simple salad, a margherita pizza, and a flat iron steak that comes with potatoes and mushrooms. Excellent choices! The ingredients were fresh and made the plates very savory. I would recommend this place for anyone. Absolutely fantastic! And to top it off, when you check in with yelp, you even get a free dessert. I was a little disappointed that they ran out of tiramisu, but was able to order three flavors of gelato which was pretty good.5 out 5!
4	Went for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised by how good the meal was.    As the first course, we ordered the farm salad and the simple salad.    I definitely enjoyed my salad with the creamy dressing and the cheese and other items, although I must admit, for my taste, they could use less of the dressing.   It overpowers the salad.   Next time I will order it on the side.   My mate's salad was more on the plain side with balsamic vinegar, and it was great, but a dressing I could enjoy at home.  For the main course we ordered the flat iron steak with fingerlings and grilled veggies.    Just the right texture and flavoring.    I am sorry I didn't learn what was in the sauce for the flat iron so I could duplicate.    For dessert we ordered the pumpkin budino and red velvet cake.   Oh, my goodness!   I was stuffed, but had to finish what I ordered, which was the pumpkin budino.    My mate absolutely loved the red velvet cake, which comes with ice cream.    Our server was Elijah.    Very personable and efficient.   I would definitely go back.
3	Dilemma was the name of the game at SOLO tonight. I'm conflicted because I feel like I had decent servERS, but non-existent servICE; and worst of all, there were good and bad components to EVERY SINGLE DISH. I wanted to love this place, I really did. It had been well reviewed, but perhaps my expectations were too high? [Upon closer examination of the reviews, I saw that many were written by Yelpers with just one or two reviews; I totally see what they're doing there.. and I don't approve.] Other than that, I tried and tried to find an excuse, or a reason for the madness, to push the rating higher than three stars (which I find is extremely generous after my experience), but - I - just - couldn't. So, the evening started off interestingly enough when I called to make a reservation. Apparently, there was some mass confusion on both of our ends, and I won't bore you with the details, but eventually everything worked out. I arrived and expected a bustling restaurant, but it was barely half full. Considering that it wasn't that busy, I was utterly shocked at the lack of attentiveness from the staff. Once again, VERY NICE PEOPLE - but shockingly absent service. We were seated quickly, waters were filled, and we were promptly greeted. I told the waiter I had a Groupon and he said "NO PROBLEM!" I placed an order for a three-cheese board and the pork belly with a farm egg to start. That was the last time I saw him for a while. (Not because he disappeared, but because he was mostly tending to his two tables outside). When I finally flagged down the waiter, he acted like *I* had been the hold up, even though we had waited patiently, with menus stacked, for nearly 15 minutes before he finally came by and took our dinner orders. I was a little miffed. The three-cheese board arrived with grilled crusty bread, tomato jam, fuji apples, feta, pecorino romano, and a local bleu. Amazing. The waiter tried to explain the tomato jam to my kid - I tried to explain that it was like fancy ketchup - he tried to explain that it wasn't - and I tried to explain that she was five years old. Moving on. The pork belly was flacid and not at all crispy. However, the tomato jam + salsa verde + farm egg + grilled bread part of the app were AMAZING. I was pretty disappointed about the pork belly and when my waiter asked how I liked it - he almost seemed dismissive as I explained that the actual pork belly was a major disappointment. Now, I know we all think we're the Gordon Ramsays of Yelp, but seriously - I'm a girl who can EAT and I CLEARLY KNOW how good food is supposed to taste, and something called "crispy pork belly" should, at all times, be CRISPY. Moving on.I asked what he recommended for pasta; he said the gnudi. I asked him to describe it; he did. I asked him if it was "mushy" because I'm a major consistency person; he said they dip the gnudi in flour and crisp it up. I said: SIGN ME UP. My husband went with the Coppa pizza, my kid went with the Margherita pizza. When my gnudi arrived, it was cold. The braised beef was tender and delicious, but the entire dish was buried under a mountain of horseradish gremolata, and the gnudi was, indeed, MUSH. I brushed off the gremolata, avoided the grainy, cold, mushy gnudi, and ate just the beef. My husband didn't fare any better with the pizza. First of all, it was TINY considering the price tag. The tomato sauce had also been so over reduced that it was overwhelmingly salty and sour. My kid spent the entire meal licking the sauce off of the pizza, which spoke volumes, because this is a child that would eat salt licks for dinner if we let her. This was unfortunate, because the crust and the mozzarella were actually delicious. In the end, we just couldn't escape from that sauce. The house offered to replace his pizza, but it had taken so long in the first place, we just didn't want to chance spending the night, especially since the restaurant had filled up in that time. They removed just the one Coppa pizza from the bill and brought us a complementary burrata appetizer. Like I said, super nice people, but WAAAAAAAY too many other flaws to overlook. Also, my water glass smelled like wet dog. I have four witnesses. Including the waiter my husband grabbed to sniff the glass for a fourth opinion. My husband totally thought I was crazy when I told him to smell it. It was sad that THAT was pretty much the highlight of my meal.Oh, and no kids menu or discount or option of kid-sized portions. In retrospect, the size of the pizza was kid-sized, so I don't know why I'm really even that upset.
5	Wow!  This new restaurant has to be the very best Italian in the Phoenix area.  It was so delicious my husband, another couple and myself could not stop raving as we enjoyed every single morsel of our antipasti, entrees, desserts and wine.  We each tried something different from the menu so we could taste it all.  The antipasti of the acorn squash, the cheeseboard, the eggplant and the bruschetta were a superb beginning for the dinners.  Such a wonderful different variety.  The entrees were excellent beyond description:  gnuchi w/braised beef and horseradish sauce; rissoto with pork belly (best rissoto I have tasted ever); salmon; and flat iron steak (usually my husband does not care for this cut of beef, however, it was prepared perfectly to protect the texture and taste).  Other entrees include pizza and various pasta dishes.  The desserts were just as dynamic and flavorful -- especially the pumpkin dessert. We were treated to a bottle of Le Lapin California wine which we were not familiar with and it was very good.  The ambiance is casual, the server (Eli) was a five star unto himself and had the very best recommendations from the menu and was familiar with all the ingredients, Jackie (the owner/family matriarch) was personable, welcoming and concerned with her diners' enjoyment of the dinner, service and restaurant.  As noted in another review, the restaurant can be tricky to find.  It is located near the Ritz Carlton, parking garage entered from the rear of the complex.  Worth searching for -- my first 5 star rating of a restaurant on any website.  Don't miss this one.   (I don't write many reviews; only for the ones I enjoy the most or those to recommend be avoided.)
4	We are at the Esplanade frequently and this place has caught my eye a number of times.  When a coupon came up, I jumped on it and we went.  The value of the coupon was terrific - appetizers, main dishes, desserts, and a bottle of wine for two people for $50.  I started with the cheese plate and it was an eyeful!  Much bigger than expected and I shared with my two dining companions.  My companions were also pleased with their choices of meatballs and pork belly.  I wanted the smoked risotto sans pork belly because I am a pig snob and they were happy to oblige.  They brought it on the side so the rest of my table could nosh on pig heaven.  The risotto was delicious and very interesting.  I don't know that I would have put those two flavors together but it worked very well.    My only criticism of the food is the desserts.  My companions ordered the pumpkin budino.  I sampled a small bite and the caramel sauce tasted a bit grainy as if the sugar hadn't dissolved all the way.  My red velvet cake was a good start but was disappointing.  It was dense as red velvet cake should be (which can almost make it a bit dry) but that's why you have cream cheese icing.  It marries everything beautifully.  SOLO served it sans frosting but with mascarpone gelato and "ganache" which was a literal smear and didn't add anything.  Honestly, I just didn't care for the combination but I was way too codependent to tell the waiter. All in all, we enjoyed ourselves immensely.  The service was great, ambiance was nice and it was just a nice meal all around.  Truthfully, I don't crave Italian food very often but I would come here again.
4	Went here with my daughter and used a Groupon that I had purchased. We went right at 5:00 and sat out on the patio. I liked the atmosphere and the Long Island Iced tea I ordered was pretty good. (For those of you that know me - I am very picky about my LIT!) I am not going to be able to give you the exact names of what we ate since the menu online is not the same menu that we had but I will try and remember what I can! We started off with an appetizer made of acorn squash and it was amazing! That and the dessert were both of our favorites. For our entrees we ordered the Salsiccia sausage pizza (with goat cheese added) and an entree made of ricotta dumplings and braised beef (Gnudi?). Both were pretty good. The desserts again were amazing. Our favorite was the Pumpkin Budino. Absolutely delicious! I was also very impressed with our server because he was spot on with all of his recommendations!
5	What a hidden gem!Service was fantastic.  We sat on the patio and it was wonderful.We had an amazing DealChicken deal that got us 1 bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts.  Not too shabby.  Everything was delicious.My girlfriend and I had no idea this place existed, and wouldn't have visited if it didn't have such good reviews on Yelp.  We are sure glad we went here!
5	Everything was GREAT.
5	Food was amazing! Anything with the wide noodles is awesome and the mango Martini was great!
5	Excellent food. Great value. Friendy Staff. Will be back at least once a month. Great HH too, especially on Wednesday.
5	Amazing food and great service!! The food was fresh and very tasty. We will definitely be back to this fantastic restaurant. Such a hidden gem! Support the locally owned restaurants :)
4	Unsuspected gem hidden among office buildings. We arrived for a 5:30 reservation (just before dark) on a Thursday for our date night. The hostess seated is outside as requested and conveyed our Living Social coupon to our server and validated our parking ticket.Our server was prompt and knowledgeable explaining our coupon and providing her suggestions. We ordered the roasted acorn squash with burrata and meatball appetizers. The meatballs were wonderful - tender, moist, and flavorful. I don't believe I've ever had a meatball that good. The acorn squash was good but the squash was a little dry and a bit bland (which the burrata helped with). The meatballs definitely outshined the squash. For entrees, we had the gnudi and the Sardinian gnocchi. The Gnudi was yummy with fall-off-the-fork braised beef and mozzarella dumplings in a delicious (but slightly salty) sauce. I agree with another reviewer that it might be best for the kitchen to leave the salting more to the table (but alas, seasonings were strangely absent from the table). The Gnocchi was a bit on the chewy side - but fun, tasty, and definitely NOT mushy. The tomato-based sauce was excellent. The accompanying fennel sausage seemed a bit over-cooked and dry - I'm not sure if that was intentional or not. For dessert, we ordered an digestive, decaf, tiramisu and the gelato trio. The "digestive" turned out to be a type of tequila (first time I've heard tequila be called a digestive) and the decaf was a very hot, but a little underwhelming. The tiramisu and gelato were very nice, but I didn't think they were much to write home about. Not great, but good. Nothing specific stood out.  Unfortunately, as the evening progressed and the place got more busy, our server became more and more absent. We could see she was busy, but we were lacking in water and coffee service and waiting a bit longer than comfortable between the entree and dessert.  Overall, it was a good experience. We did enjoy the food and the atmosphere and I'm sure we'll be back for another special night's experience.
5	My son & I eat here as often as possible.  The food is literally out of this world.  The staff is extremely kind and considerate they treat you like family. We have had an excellent meal each and every time we have come. Whether it has been a mix of kids and adults,  just my son and I or just myself and some business associates.  Solo Trattoria is one of the best places I have ever eaten - highly recommend for anyone!!!
2	I really don't understand the positive reviews.  We were there on Thursday for lunch and were the only ones in the restaurant.  The pizza was ok but the dough lacked an appealing texture and the sauce was a tad pasty.  This does not compare to Pomo for example.  Next went to the pasta.  I had the Bolognese and while it wasn't bad, the meat was definitely an American version of a real Bolognese blend.  The papparadelle a pomodoro was average at best.  Again the sauce lacked finesse.  Unfortunately, I must say the same for the tiramisu.  We have had such good tirami su of late at Andreoli, Pomo and Trattoria Veneto.  The tiramisu here simply lacked flavor.This is really just an American version of an Italian restaurant trying to be chic but lacking talent in the kitchen to pull it off.
5	Solo is delicious!! Aside from the fact that the atmosphere is awesome, the service is phenominal, restaurant is family owned and operated.....the food is ridiculously good. Ill be back again and again.
5	One of my favorite places to visit. I love the beer selection and all of the local AZ beers on tap. Also the farm salad is my 'go to' meal.
4	Enjoyable meal.  The meatballs were really good.  The gnocci was good but nothing too special.  Definitely tastes like quality ingredients are used here.
5	I had my birthday dinner here at SOLO Trattoria and I had am amazing time!All of the staff here were so nice and accommodating!! I found them through great reviews on Yelp and I was trying to find a place that would accept all 20 of my guests. It is located in the Esplanade and the surrounding area was pretty quiet since it was amongst closed office buildings. They willingly accepted our party and were really nice when I unexpectedly asked to move our tables. I had their gnocchi which was shaped cutely and tasted great and all of my guests seemed to enjoy their food as well! What I particularly like, and what is explained on their video, is that their pasta portions are given so they feed one person, not 5 like other restaurants, so you don't feel as guilty eating the whole thing! People that ordered pizza were able to share them and still be satisfied. Their dessert was also really good! I had their special sweet potato cheesecake with a cookie crust and marshmallow bruleed on the top which was not only unique, but was really good! All the staff were really nice and this is just an amazing family owned restaurant using the freshest ingredients. Our hostess and bar tender were also the pastry chefs. My waiter was such a sweet heart who just wanted me to have a good time and gave me a hug at the end! All of my guests really enjoyed it here and it is safe to say I will be coming back several times in the future!
4	First visit - lunch today before movie. Was delightful surprised to discover friendly, caring service, excellent value priced food and great affordable wines by the glass!This will become the first of many returns to Solo Trattoria!
4	A Wonderful Place made so, not only be truly excellent food, but also by Outstanding Service.  Great Italian dishes with homemade pasta and wonderful sauces.We be back!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.... Family owned, outrageously good food, an ever changing menu that keeps it interesting and really genuine friendly staff.  Best risotto in town!
4	Great family owned spot! Good service, good food! Great location before a movie.
4	We were hungry for Italian food, did not know where to go so of course checked out Yelp for help.  Before landing at Solo Trattoria, we first chose to go to a place that rhymes with "Mistos." We get to "Misto's" and it is a mad house, loud, with people everywhere and it kinda smelled like my Grandmothers house, and not in a good way.  We are told it would be close to a 2 hour wait for a table for two, but sitting at the bar would be quicker.  We agreed, but quickly changed our minds when we realized everyone at the bar were working on their salad course.  I was not about to stand around and wait, especially as the smell of the restaurant was making me kinda sick.  We checked Yelp again and headed to Solo Trattoria.  Solo Trattoria is well hidden in the Esplanade Center off Camelback and 25th Street.  Parking is plentiful in the garage but be prepared to pay to park.  I did overhear our server tell another table that the restaurant validates parking, but of course, I left my ticket in the car and did not want to walk back to get it.  Once we found the restaurant, we were pleased.  It is beautiful.  We were greeted and after some confusion on where to seat us, we were seated in the main dining room.  After looking at the menu, we asked to start with the meatball starter ($9) as It was recommended by our server.  The meatballs were five star for sure, 3 big meatballs in a fantastic tomato sauce.  I probably could have ordered two servings of those and called it dinner.  We also ordered a couple of Sangrias ($8ea) and then our main courses, chicken piccata ($20) and chicken marsala ($22)  If I had a complaint was the pasta was a bit too al dente, but it is made fresh and sometimes fresh pasta can taste this way.  Speaking of fresh, the owner stopped by our table to let us know that everything in the restaurant was made from scratch except for the bread as that is brought in from a local bakery.  So, we do want to return and definitely get the meatballs again.  I also would like to try the pizza as they looked incredible. One final note, the music that was played might not have been a great fit, unless of course, you are a fan of AC/DC "Back in Black".  Don't get me wrong, I was a mega fan of AC/DC circa 1980, but lets fast forward 34 years and play something more relevant.
5	Family owned Italian in the Esplanade/Biltmore area??  Figured it would be some chain or over-hyped, fancy, shmany place that had 'alright' Italian food, boy was I wrong!  My friend Eric brought me to this spot and I arrived a bit early, which gave me plenty of time to explore the menu.  When I saw chitarra pasta on the menu I knew they must make their own noodles in house, which lead to quite a quandary as to what to eat.  So, I waited and drank wine to help figure things out.  Eric arrived and we decided we needed assistance to narrow down all the choices on the menu.  The server and bartender were very helpful in getting us in the right direction and we ordered the Meat and Cheese Board with 3 types of cheese and their Copa...yum!  It came with dried fruits and various jams and a few crostinis.  Quite a large board for the price with great ingredients.  This was perfect for me because I wanted to save room for dessert.  We split the main entree (Bolognese)...holy amazing sauce!!! This dish was DELICIOUS!! Again I should note you can tell the noodles are made in house, YUMyum!  We got an order of meatballs on the side to go with it, which you really don't need because the Bolognese is quite large.  The meat balls are spectacular with perfect texture and density and the perfect size to eat them for a meal at lunch; it also comes with their amazing house marinara sauce.  Last but not least was the dessert.  The original plan was to get one dessert and then for checking-in I received a free dessert!!  So, why not get TWO??  :)We ordered the special for that evening:  A crepe with lemon filling and a milk chocolate drizzle over the top!!! I love lemon and chocolate, not a fan of crepes...but I am now! We also ordered the chocolate lava cake.  Again perfect!  The dessert was surprisingly light but decadent.  Great flavors and texture, but not overly rich!  I think the pictures speak for themselves; I had to take a picture of the desserts because they looked so delectable.  The question is not will I come back, it is how soon can I get back to Solo Trattoria?!  The servers educated us very well on the menu; there are so many things I still want to try: carpaccio, pizza, mussels, and all the veal dishes.  Also I should say they change the menu seasonally and the prices are very reasonable; I was expecting much higher considering the area.  This restaurant also supports local growers and has gluten free options.  Solo is officially my new favorite Italian restaurant in the valley!
5	Yummmm The ambiance is perfect and since it's a family run restaurant, mom and one of the son/owners were all over making sure my experience was top notch. I LOVED the Carbonara.
4	Excellent food, great service and all around good value.  The Piccata was great, and my colleague had the salmon which looked awesome and he said tasted fantastic.Try the meatballs appetizer.  Delicious.
2	Not quite sure what happened the night we went. Apps came out fine but dinner was a nightmare. There were four of us dining. Two peoples pizza came out about 20 minutes after we finished the apps. It took another 45 minutes after the pizzas came out before my pasta and my wife's chicken Marsala came out. They were very apologetic and actually comped the food part of the bill. It was an unfortunate night. When the food finally did come, it was very good.
5	Was surprised at how good and fresh the food is here. They use all local products, even down to the meat. We shared the simple salad (so good that I wanted to lick the plate) and the coppa pizza...YUM!!! Even the wine was delicious and local (Az Stronghold) bought a bottle at the store. Check this place out, it's a nice family owned restaurant!
5	I was in town for a business meeting and looked on yelp for a good place to eat, Solo did not disappoint! Great service and delicious beers as well as a yummy pizza! My co worker and I split a cheese and meat appetizer which was also very tasty! It's a family business and we even got to talk to them, very nice and helpful! Recommended highly!
5	Wonderful food, wonderful service. We were seated next to a huge, multiple-family group celebrating a reunion. This could have been a disaster but the servers took extra-special care of our three-generation table. Great wines, cheeses lovely. Everything was delish.
5	being a snow bird for the first time, i dont know many mom pop types in the area. so glad we found this place. service was exceptional , pizza's even better . so much better than the parlor down the street. i will go back to this place a couple times each year i am at my phoenix home
5	Great food.  Friendly service.  A nice atmosphere and gelato.  What more could you want?
5	We love this place so much, that we decided to have our Valentine's dinner here.  I had the same dish as before, because it reminds me of the food my dad used to cook for me.  The pappardelle alla bolognese were delicious as usual.  I started with a Negroni as this was my dad's favorite drink.  Eli makes amazing cocktails.  He is an amazing bartender, he was so sweet to come by and say hello.  This time I started with the beet salad, wow, I love beets and the golden beets were so delicious atop a bed of arugula with a creamy dressing.  My husband had the skirt steak because they did not have the gnudi on the menu anymore, gasp!.  I am sure he will survive.  I had a bite of the steak, it was cooked to perfection.  For dessert we shared the salted caramel cheesecake.  Perfect finish for a perfect meal.
5	Absolutely loved this place. I had the house chianti, which was well paired with my flatiron steak. The steak was well cooked, and seasoned well, accompanied with mushrooms and a grilled sweet potato.This is one of the best meals I have had in a long while, and I eat out a lot. To accentuate the flavor of the meal, I met three members of the family, and it was nearly as warm as eating at home. I really appreciated the fact that this is a family restaurant, and their food is exceptional. Make sure to take time to eat here.
5	Loved it so much I went back last night. I had the Spaghetti squash with Salmon. It was an amazing no-wheat dinner. I finished it off with a three-flavor cheesecake that was so good I wanted to take it home for my family. Unfortunately, I live about an hour away by plane, so that didn't happen. :)Excellent food, friendly staff, what more could I want?
5	Family owned, made from scratch amazing Italian food. The lamb shank was to die for. The homemade biscotti was so moist and the service was fantastic. Did I mention Wednesday's have half price wine ! Highly recommended!!!!!
5	Recently returned from a golf trip to the Phoenix area, heard about Solo Trattoria from another golfer, glad we took a chance and tried it.  We were so impressed with the food we ate there 5 of 6 days.  We pretty much took a tour of the entire menu and would encourage you to try anything on it.  The fact that it is family owned and has a creative chef interested in healthy preparations is a bonus.  Do not let the fact that it might be a bit of a challenge to find it on your first visit keep you from trying Solo, you will be deliciously rewarded for your efforts.  We will definitely recommend Solo to anyone visiting Phoenix and look forward to returning on our next trip west.  Enjoy!
5	Everything in here is homemade, and the restaurant is family owned. It's a gem, and is hope it gets the following it deserves. I had the Verdura, which is a vegan option, and a bruschetta that was to die for. The chef makes her own pasta fresh every day and her own Titamissu.. In a neighborhood full of chains, this is a welcome addition and I want it to do well!
5	Ridiculous amazing service. The owner came and talked with us as he had a boatload of complimentary appetizers brought out. Family owned and almost all of the food is locally sourced with sausage from Schreiners and beef from neiman ranch. Food was delicious and carefully made. A great phoenix addition!
4	We were in town on a business trip.  We were unfamiliar with the area so picked this restaurant based on the reviews.  We made reservations here for around 5pm for a party of 9, plus our baby in a stroller.  It was a Friday night so we wanted to eat early and get ahead of the crowd.  We couldn't have made a better choice.  The service was wonderful and we enjoyed the singer/guitarist that played.  Service and ambiance were great.  The only thing that keeps us from giving it 5 stars is that it was listed as kid friendly, yet there was no place to change our baby's diaper in the restroom.  We had to get creative with that.  We would definitely visit again.
5	Came to solo for happy hour today. Had the delicious coppa pizza with an egg and the meat balls. Extremely delicious and the price was great. Eli the bartender is amazing!!!
5	I swoon at the pizza crust. Ordinarily, pizza crust is something I tolerate for the sake of the toppings. A crust generally deemed "excellent" merely ratchets me to a higher level of grudging tolerance. THIS crust is my crust of crusts. I did not want to stop eating it, and I'm a person who can stop eating and ignore actual chocolate, for heaven's sake!The Old Man & the C cocktail is Happy Juice. Never have I been so filled with bonhomie. There are major pharma companies who wish they could bottle this effect.Service is delightful and charming. This is such a pleasant little place in the vast Escher-esque wasteland of Camelback Esplanade. I used to mourn the loss of the Italian place at 16th Street near Indian School, but SOLO far surpasses it, at about the same price point.
5	We are serious restaurant goers and attention to detail is important to us. We randomly found this place on Yelp and we were pleasantly surprised by the great service and quality of the food. The pizzas and meatballs are highly recommended.
4	Went here out of blue on Friday night, was pleasantly surprised to find live music. What a great treat. Service extremely friendly and meal was very nice. Would return.
5	This places ticks all the boxes. Great food, great prices, amazing staff. Try the coppa pizza - you won't be sorry. Happy hour is a great deal... $5 drink specials and a select amount of $7 pizzas. I'll definitely be back when I'm in town again.
4	Sweet and Simple Review. Atmosphere is nice, dim with accent lighting, classy ambient music on a Tuesday night. We ordered 3 food items and two drinks. The drinks were good with a decent selection of local craft beer on draft. 4 solid stars. The meatball appetizer came with three golfball sized meatballs drenched in a chunky marinara sauce. We gave them 4.5 stars.  We also ordered a "fungi" and pepperoni pizza. Both were decent fresh and re- heated later at home. They averaged out to 3.5 stars. Overall we enjoyed our experience and while it's too far to be added to our standard rotation, we're interested in trying the rest of the menu and plan on returning for a beer and app before any visit to the attached AMC esplanade theater.
5	ya! fun place, great family and GREAT Limoncello
5	Amazing pizza, better than pizzeria Bianco. great wine too!!!!!!Plus live music. So much fun.
5	Amazing food, wine, cocktails, and atmosphere.  Things to look for.  Meatball appetizer I order every time.  They have a fantastic Whisky selection.  Also, they have homemade dessert.
5	I've been searching for a good sit down Italian restaurant for about 20 years. I've finally found it. Great service (wish I could remember her name)...Owner's son came and talked with us, as did one of the owners (wife). The food was just as good as the service. The wine list is good. The beer list is good. We absolutely loved this place and can't wait to go back. It is also cool that it seems everyone there seems to really enjoy working there. We had the Caprese salad, meatballs, a pasta with braised beef, and and the limoncello chicken pasta. All four were outstanding. 5 stars without question.
4	Great Wednesday special - half off all bottles of wine.  Enjoyed the ham and fig and took home the salccicia.  The place was empty at 6:00pm, but the service was top notch.I will definitely be back for their great happy hour and delicious pizzas.
5	While I was in Phoenix for a conference, I made new friends. I initially made reservations for 6, but picked up a few folks between calling for a reservation and actually getting to the restaurant. When I showed up with 12, SOLO did a great job of accommodating us. The hard working wait staff kept our wine glasses filled and service was prompt and professional. The pizza was great, pasta homemade, and caprese was tasty. I would definitely recommend this for a big group and would likely return if I am in this area again. I would highly recommend the fig, ham, arugula pizza. Live music on the weekends!
5	Excellent service and fantastic food. A little hard to find but once there, I did not mind. I was in the mood for good Italian and was out of town so I called on yelp for help!  Yelp led me here and my expectations were exceeded be far. We were treated like family with phenomenal hospitality and all of our meals were nothing delicious. No doubt would I eat here often if I lived nearby.
5	Oh how being a foodie in Missouri is such a very apparent bummer. Especially when I find places like this delectable find. (Thanks to Yelp)I'd like to first say that we were walk in's and they had a huge party that filled the dining room. Did that effect the service or the quality of food? Not this place.Food, from the pork belly app to the homemade pasta and home made biscotti were perfect. Waiter was super knowledgable and polite. Service was great. Terrific experience.
2	Totally meh!  I've had much better. Went during restaurant week with friends.  Pizza was good but salad was small not flavorful.  Chocolate lava cake didn't taste fresh, I think it was from a package.  Waitress told me I had to order from restaurant week menu since others at my table were doing it.  I didn't want a three course meal but they were not accommodating.  Also says there is a beverage included but no beverages were included...  Disappointing for the price.
3	Tasty food, way overpriced.Decor:  3.5 out of 5Service:  3.5 out of 5 (spotty, sometimes great)Food:  3.5 out of 5Value:  2Tip:  Order the meatballs appetizer.  Best thing on the menu by far.I've eaten here 3 times, twice for dinner, once for lunch.  It's family owned, and I feel for the family.  The sons seem to be the waiters, but honestly, they are not as attentive/good as waiters should be.  Empty water glasses are the norm.The food is good.  It's got reasonable presentation, nice flavors, good textures.  But it's not up to par with their prices.  It's mid-range.  Their appetizer prices are $1-2 higher than they should be.  Their pasta is maybe on par.  Their pizza prices seem relatively reasonable, maybe a $1 high.  But where they really are too expensive are their entrees.  For the quality of the ingredients, and quantity, they are easily each $5-7 too expensive.So you walk out of here feeling like you had a nice meal, but got gouged.They complain about the location having too little traffic, and I really feel for this family owned/run business, but the real reason their restaurant is 3/4 empty all the time, if not completely empty, is that they are charging too much.They are not on par with the restaurants 5 miles around them charging the same prices.  So they rely upon groupons and coupons and other things to generate interest, but they won't get repeat customers at their full prices.  It's sad, but I believe it's true.Anyway, if you are having dinner at the theater, which is 5 stars all the way (Esplanade 14), then it's not a bad place to go.  But otherwise I wouldn't go out of your way to dine here.
5	This is a hidden gem. I live in East Mesa and it is very scarce on great restaurants.  I find myself going to Phoenix or Scottsdale to experience some quality food.  The staff is very pleasant, the food is beyond excellent, the atmosphere is perfect.   I can't wait to take some friends and introduce them to SOLO
4	This is a hard one.  I went with 3 other people, and based on their takes- I'd  have to give it a 3 star review.  However, for me it was a 4 star- and this review is MY opinion, right?We decided to try SOLO for the first time during Restaurant Week after looking up their menus and reviews and both looking good.  Sweet Pea and I got there before our dining companions and were quickly seated without issue.  The person who seated us said that they were featuring a couple of wines, and after he readily offered a taste (which we really liked), we decided to go with the Italian red.  I know this is a family run restaurant, and he appeared to be one of the sons and also in charge of the wine program.  He seemed pretty knowledgeable and the wine was excellent.  Oh- and wine by the bottle was 1/2 price for Restaurant Week.  What a nice touch- we ordered 2.Our server came to the table right away, and we were soon presented with some bread and olive oil, which I passed on but Sweet Pea partook of.  He didn't say anything about it either way, so I'll assume it was adequate.  Once our companions arrived and the server went over the Restaurant Week menu, I was a little sad to see that the pizza featured on the menu had meat on it.  I mentioned this to our waitress, and she went back to the kitchen to talk options.  She came back with several vegetarian alternatives that weren't on the Restaurant Week menu, and she said they could do the Margherita pizza as well.  I was sold on that, as well as on the beet salad. I love beets.  I told Sweet Pea that I'd read on Yelp that the meatballs are excellent, and he ordered those.  He and another dining companion ordered the gnudi as well.I loved my beet salad.  Great arugula, great goat cheese, really great chunks of beets, and great dressing.  In fact, I offered it around the table, and it was a big hit with everyone.  The meatballs were also a big hit.  Sweet Pea says they are excellent.  My pizza was also very good and quite large.  Unfortunately there was a bit of a timing issue where I and another one of us were served, and it was a good 5 minutes before everyone else's came, and since we waited- it was cold.  It would have been better hot of course.  People rave about the crust and it was good, I'd order it again, but to me it doesn't compare with my beloved Cibo, or Bianco, or Pomo.  Unfortunately, Sweet Pea and the other diner who ordered the gnudi didn't like it at all due to the sauce.  It was described as a "horseradish gremolta", but both of them commented that it had an odd and not good taste.  On the recommendation of the server, I tried a dessert that came with a scoop of vanilla gelato, a house made biscotti, and a shot of espresso.  It was delicious, all of it- even the biscotti, and I am NOT a biscotti fan.  The other diners enjoyed the turtle cheesecake, but I can't comment on that as I am not a cheesecake fan.One comment on the service- everyone was friendly, but it could have been more even.   As I already said, the guy who sat us and recommended the wine was really friendly and knowledgeable.  The server was very friendly and willing to go the extra step for me as a vegetarian, which was nice.  Someone else, I'm assuming an owner, came by to ask how our meal was.  Very nice touch.  It's the pacing that was an issue.  At the beginning of the meal, our server came by expectantly as we'd just sat down asking if we were ready to order, which felt very rushed.  I asked her to come back, and she gave it a good amount of time before she came back, which was good.  Somewhere after that, things fell apart a bit.  As I've said already, the timing of the food coming out was a bit problematic.  The clearing (or lack thereof) was also problematic.  They brought our entees when our first courses weren't cleared, and so they had to sit them next to eachother on an already-crowded table, which was awkward.  There were a lot of long awkward pauses in the flow of the meal.  If SOLO can even all of that out, it would make it that much greater of an experience.Overall, I really liked it, my companions liked a lot of it, and we'll all be back.
4	A little pricier than we had planned, but that was our fault, and the food brought up the star level.  First of all, we had been at the movies all afternoon, so got in the car and fired up Yelp! on our phones to see where in the area (Glendale) we would like to try.  This place came up with great reviews.  So we started out, had difficulty finding it with Siri, and it ended up that the restaurant was on the street level under the theatres we had just been to!  It's hidden in a huge office complex called the Esplanade, so when we caught a peek of the front door between buildings, we turned in.  Turned out we were in the wrong parking lot the second time and had to use stairs which were also hard to find--every time we went to one, it directed us to go to another east or west staircase, and none of them were labeled.  We finally got there, and they did validate the parking, so it was free anyway, but a little frustrating to maneuver our way around this complicated complex.  We had a reservation on Open Table which I tried to change when we saw we were going to be late, but we were unable to do that, so we forged ahead and just arrived ten minutes late.  We were greeted and seated immediately, and Debbie was a congenial and efficient server the rest of the night.  Wednesday is 1/2 price wine bottle night, so we took advantage of that and ordered a bottle of pinot grigio for a very reasonable restaurant price.  I had read about their famous meatballs, so I ordered that for a starter (we had skipped lunch) and my wife ordered her favorite Caprese salad.  Both were outstanding.  The marinara sauce on the meatballs tasted as if it had been simmering all day--exactly the taste I had been wanting for years.  I then ordered the shrimp scampi, which promised six jumbo shrimp on the menu, but there were only 5 and they were a little smaller than I expected, but delicious with the spicy cream sauce.  My wife had chicken piccata, which she usually orders, and said it was not as good as others she had ordered in the past.  Overall, a frustrating beginning to an evening with a very pleasant ending
5	Yum yum yum yum. This place rocks. I love their pizzas and their bruschetta with burrata cheese. I could write a whole review just on that cheese. Its awesome. They have half priced wine bottles on Wednesdays which is awesome. I also just like the bread that they bring out with your meal. Great place, reasonable prices and delicious. What more could you ask for?
3	Let me start by saying, I look forward to going back, and ordering something else to have a higher opinion.  BUT... our visit didn't live up to the hype.  The good part, I used a living social deal, they were very nice about it, it saved a ton.  The dish my Husband ordered was amazing, the pappardelle.  The meatballs as an appetizer were also amazing.  It really tasted like home cooked for hours made with love Italian.  The service was nice and very fast.  The bad, my dish, the risotto... The rice was not cooked all the way, so it was very chalky.  The featured one had artichokes, and when I heard my heart jumped for joy because I LOVE artichokes, and I assumed they would use fresh, but they didn't, they used canned/jarred.  It ruined the risotto, I couldn't taste anything else, the cheese and really amazing pancetta were drowned out.  The tiramisu was also not very enjoyable.  The sambuca and lemoncello were out of this world though :)
5	We ended up here by accident, but this is a place we will definitely come back to. Our Groupon said reservations required but we were able to get one last minute on a Saturday evening, so no worries there. The setting was quiet and intimate, with a live singer who was great to listen to.The food was fantastic. The meat and cheese appetizer featured local cuts and cheeses and everything went together perfectly. Pizza was crusty and the toppings all went well together. I had a ham and fig pizza and it was the perfect blend of sweet and salty. Hubby had a spicy meat pizza that he said was good as well. Desserts were a good size (not too huge) but rich enough to make up for it.Service was fast and friendly and they were very accommodating in letting us use a Groupon AND the check-in bonus for a free dessert (don't worry, we tipped nicely). Avoid the parking fees in that area by leaving your car in the free parking area at the mall and walk over. Unless it is June, in which case pay the parking fees and avoid showing up sweating like a pig. I think the restaurant might validate parking stickers to get you a discount. Overall, this is a great place for a quiet, semi-casual date night or dinner with a friend.
5	Just stopped in with my dad-- been meaning to try it. This is my new go-to Italian in the corridor. You're going to be hard pressed to have bad Italian anywhere the noodles are made fresh daily.
5	Great place, loved my pizza and wine the owner went out of his way to be sure we were having a good time. Happy hour prices helped too.. Walked out with a (pizza enough for 2) and a glass of wine for $14 total. Will return
5	Awesome!!!!This is a family ran establishment with all the care and love to boot!!!!Food was outstanding and the wait staff on top of every detail.   All members of the family take part in providing you a wonderful meal!!The menu is seasonal and local!  This means that some of their ideas and main courses are found locally.   All the food is fresh and portions are perfect.   Even for a big eater like myself, I found it to be very satisfying.  We had a party of 20 and with a little bit of table coordination, they managed to sit and feed us within a very reasonable time.  Kitchen sent out entries together so there was no one left out for any length of time. Live music runs till 9pm. But the owners asked them to play longer for us and it just made for a great evening. I strongly recommend stopping in and having a great dinner.  I know I look forward to my next visit to this place!!!!
5	i work next door to SOLO and stop by often for the meatballs!!!Another favorite is the margherita pizza, I like to add avocado to it.  When you 'check in' you get a free dessert.  I recommend whatever the cheesecake special is. If no cheesecake is available, the tiramisu is my next favorite.
5	Great family owned place.  Service was outstanding and the food was great.  Pizza and desert were fantastic.
5	Best meatballs of any Italian restaurant here in valley! They are moist, fresh, and you can go into them with a fork. And they truly do have fresh pasta. I loved the chicken marsala that comes with it. And the chicken was so flavorful, tender, and fresh with a delectable sauce and lots of fresh mushrooms. I just don't understand why people would eat elsewhere for anything less. This place really understands that using the freshest and simplest ingredients and letting them speak for themselves is the only way to really give diners what they deserve. I love the 1/2 off bottle of wine deal on Wednesdays! I just wish they were part of the US Airways rewards network as I would be here all the time.
5	I really like this restaurant and sometimes go slightly out of my way to have lunch here.  Yesterday I had their Verdure, which is essentially a roasted spaghetti squash dish with a bunch of other sauteed vegetables.  I added some chicken breast, which was prepared expertly, with a browned outside and moist inside.  Friendly and efficient service.
5	From Camelback road this restaurant was tough to find! Find the AMC theater, and park in their garage. (The restaurant validates parking).I came with two of my friends - we loved the ambiance. The art work on the walls is for sale and done by local artists. The seating feels intimate yet comfortable. Our server was prompt and we never waited for anything. If he didn't know an answer - he found out quickly.We ordered from across the board: chicken, beef and shrimp. While the menu isn't extensive, the appetizers, entrees and deserts are "over the top amazing!"Great place for a date! A solid 5 stars!
5	Really great! Will definitely visit again. The servers were really nice and informative for us being a first time visitor.
5	This was a Groupon find and I am glad we found it. First off, getting in was not easy. We ended up parking at the mall and walking. The food was amazing. My wife is normally so-so with meat and cheese plates but even she enjoyed everything on that app. The pizza was among the best we've had in the valley. The deserts were generous though not huge.Now for what really stood out. The service. Our waiter was the most helpful I've ever met in a restaurant. He gave us advice but was not just pushing the expensive items. He was always there when we wanted a refill or had a question but was never there when we just wanted to talk.There was live music and the singer was good and fit the ambiance of the restaurant perfectly. Overall it was a prefer dinner out to relax and enjoy some great food. This was one of those times that Groupon put a place on our radar for the next time we are across town.
2	Not impressed at all!  We had a groupon and I was really really really looking forward to date night here.  Service seemed really friendly until we took out our groupon.  We were moved into the bar section (this might be our fault as I decided it was to hot to sit outside) and given a different waiter.  The food wasn't good either.  Had some appetizer with an egg and asparagus.  I can't even find it on the menu now to give the name.  It was actually icky and a small portion.  If I was starving when it arrived I wouldn't have even ate it.  Left a taste in my mouth that I didn't like.   Husband tried the flat iron steak.  I didn't think it was good at all.  He is less picky and ate his food happily.  I had some dish that looked like pot roast (also can't find on the menu now).  It was recommended to me by the waiter and I didn't care at all for it.  Very fatty and I could have gotten a better flavor in my crock pot at home.  For dessert we tried the cheese plate.  This was the only redeeming part of the meal.  The goat cheese was delicious and the other items were also yummy.If not for the cheese plate I would have left crying - it was that bad.
5	My boyfriend found this place through Groupon. It is now a new favorite of mine.  We did make reservations, as it was a Friday night, and we were seated quickly. The ambiance was intimate with live music that was interesting to watch, yet fit into the background (bass & sax combo). This is a family business, and the pride in their enterprise is evident and justly so. Jon was a gracious host and Covey was the perfect waiter. Helpful with explaining the menu. Present when needed. Didn't hover.The food was beautiful and delicious. The menu is limited, but I would bet that everything offered is wonderful. Any pasta can be substituted w/ gluten free as well.We shared the bruschetta that included eggplant in its ingredients.  Delish. Even the bread it was served on was perfect. (toasted crusty, not too hard, right thickness).For dinner, I ordered the Gnudi. The ricotta dumplings were fantastic and the braised beef with horseradish gremolata was tender and perfect.My boyfriend had the Chicken Marsala. Absolutely yummy with tender, perfectly seasoned chicken and sauce. For dessert we split the carrot cake. This was not your traditional carrot cake. It was more dense and fine, and I would actually hesitate to call it carrot cake. That being said, it was wonderful. Carrot-y and lemon-y, moist, with a frosting that was a perfect pairing.I know the word perfect and delicious were repeated here many times, but they absolutely fit with this place. I'm very glad they had the groupon offer so we had the opportunity to discover this gem. We will definitely be returning.  To the family of Solo Trattoria, thank you for hosting such a wonderful dinner. It was an absolute pleasure.
5	My mom and I went on a Friday night when there was live music from 6-9 PM and luckily we made a reservation because it was a busy evening. The owner, Jon, and staff were extremely courteous and accommodating; wonderful customer service. We got surprised with an appetizer on the house and it was delicious. Well, all the food we ordered was delicious. On top of the great meal, the music was perfect for the setting. I will definitely be coming back!
5	Service great, pizza great. Live music-score!Excellent wine and beer choices. We got the coppa pizza which was to die for. For an appetizer we got the pork belly which I was hesitant on at first but was DELICIOUS. Come here for a cute date or friends and family. Great atmosphere. Cheers!
5	Trattoria Uno is a fun place that has good food and a helpful wait staff who are wise enough to make a first time customer a repeat customer.
3	I'm tough to impress, I'll admit.We ordered the avocado pesto w/ pancetta, pasta was undercooked, and the citrus addition (perhaps lemon zest?) was on the heavier side. We also got two pizza options, prosciutto w figs & fungi pizza which is mushrooms and delicious Saba. I am very particular about crusts, and theirs left me wanting more, you know a base is good when you want to eat the crusts, you know? Not this time. Lots of bubbles, overall 5/10 I did love the Saba vinaigrette on the fungi though. For dessert we had the amazing tiramisu, which was perfect, not too sweet, light, just the right amount of alcohol flavor, waiter said they use baileys in it, which I thought was genius and cappuccino to accompany, perfect way to end dinner. I would go back to give it another try, I eyed a couple plates that id like to try, but definitely not for the pizza.Service was good, nice and quick.
3	Service was great. Food was average which is such a bummer because this is such a cute little spot I was expecting more from it. Maybe being from Vegas I am spoiled when it comes to moderately priced dining options that are delish! I must say I was not impressed.
4	If you have not been here before, it can be a bit hard to find as it is tucked in the middle of the inner courtyard of the Esplanade complex. The place is nicely appointed and the subdued lighting made for a relaxed atmosphere. Expect serving sizes typical of fancy restaurants (think nouvelle cuisine type portions), but the food quality is top notch. And friendly service completed the whole pleasant dining experience.
3	I chose this establishment for dinner in part due to the great Yelp reviews and the proximity to my hotel.  When I arrived around 5:45 on a Tuesday evening, the place was pretty empty and I chose to sit in a booth.  It was a little dim but furnished in a classy manner with nice artwork on the walls.  I am a huge beet fan so I started out with the beet salad which was delicious.  The golden beets were luscious and the arugula was smothered with goat cheese which gave it a nice, creamy texture.  There were some accompanying walnuts which added nice crunch but I could not taste any trace of the orange vinaigrette dressing.  Some bread was provided as well which unfortunately was too dry for my taste.  A let down after being delighted by the beets.  I opted for the pappardelle which was quite tasty.  The potion was good sized and the home made pasta was cooked el dente.  The marinara sauce was a nice mixture of sweet and savory and the diced carrots added some contrasting texture.I "checked in" via Yelp and got a free dessert and chose the chocolate lava cake.  Although it was free, the cake was very disappointing as the cake was not heated enough (merely lukewarm) and did not ooze the hot lava chocolate that I was anticipating.  The ice cream was too light and tasted more of whipped cream than ice cream.  It was good enough to finish, but probably the most disappointing chocolate lava cake that I ever had.Service was decent and good value costing ~ $48.
5	Great food, great service, great restaurant....well be back when I come back to Arizona for business....
4	yum!
5	Excellent service very friendly and professional staff and service. It is a family business and they are fantastic at making you feel like you are part of family. Eli the bartender great people skills and good drink selection. Food is excellent and very well presented.
3	We tried this place with a GroupOn so that made it affordable. For the quality of the food (at least what we had), I wouldn't have wanted to pay full price. It was ok but not great. Service was excellent though and I appreciate the attempt at ambiance with eclectic art on the walls and live music. Music was a bit too loud, however, for me and my fellow diners to comfortably hold a conversation.
4	Very Friendly staff.  The bar area is fantastic.  Food is excellent.  I would highly encourage to give this place a try -- you will not be disappointed.
4	I really liked the vibe of this restaurant, the live music, and ambience. I was looking for a nice Italian place to try and found Solo on Yelp. The reviews were pretty good and I loved how easy I could make a Friday night reservation from their website via Open Table. I ordered the salmon cakes (only 1) and the roasted tomato plate along with a glass of the red blend. I LOVE my salmon cakes and tomatoes done three ways. My companion ordered Chicken Verdue, it was okay. The chicken was moist but could use more flavor. I think I would really give a 3.5 but Ill go ahead and give the 4 stars since I will most likely return.
5	This was my third time dining at SOLO, and it was as good as ever.  Every time I go, I tell myself I'm going to try something new and not have the homemade pappardelle bolognese again, but I can't help myself.  As soon as I made the reservation, I couldn't stop thinking about that delicious silky fresh ribbon pasta topped with their delcicious family bolognese sauce.  Simple and perfect.On this visit, I was in the Biltmore area and in serious need of some comfort food. I didn't feel like eating at somewhere loud and hip or spend a fortune like so many restaurants in that area, so I stepped in to SOLO,  was warmly welcomed and seated at a nice table (even though I was a party of one).  The service was perfect - prompt but not too solicitous.  Friendly, but not too casual.The atmosphere is intimate, warm, and professional.  It's also a great spot for an easy romantic dinner without all the fuss. Clearly the staff love working for the owners - and some of the staff I've met WERE the owners.  They're a big Italian family sharing their hospitality and love for food. This is not your typical kitschy, "rustic" Italian restaurant, but rather a restaurant at which you might actually eat in Italy.  Sophisticated, toned down, comfortable, emphasis on the food, and a nice wine list.The only trick about SOLO is finding it - they're tucked directly behind Del Frisco's at the corner of 24th and Camelback.  My husband and I are planning a date night this weekend, and he'll probably get the lamb shank again while I'm planning to order the pappardelle!
5	These humans provided probably some of the best, kindest service I've ever had eating out. They totally went above and beyond, my friends and I felt completely spoiled, one of them being vegan and they still catered to us. Worth every penny and the type of local business I love supporting and will continue to going to. Obviously the food was also excellent. One of the chefs cooked vegan for a number of years, so that was very helpful. Eli and Walter were fantastic. (Eli's wine suggestions were great) Thanks guys!
1	SOLO has turned from a friendly, family-owned establishment, to a cheap, penny-pinching "why-did-I-ever-think-this-place-was-decent" restaurant.Long story short: we had a Groupon for a dinner for two (appetizer, dinner, dessert). We've been here before with a Groupon or LivingSocial or Amazon Deals (get the point? They're desperate for business). The Groupon happened to expire on a Sunday. This business is closed on Sundays. I didn't realize that because I often use Groupons ON the expiration date without a problem. Let's be honest: we all have lives, and sometimes time runs out on us. The point is this - it's NOT a coupon. It's a GROUPON - something I paid for. If a COUPON expired on a date the business was closed, tough. A Groupon is different and should be treated differently. It's no more my fault it expired on a day they were closed than it is their fault they were closed. Further, nothing on the Groupon said the business was closed on Sunday, it's just how it happened.After two phone calls and an email conversation with the owners, they refused to honor the Groupon the day after it expired (when they were OPEN!). Groupon happened to be running the exact same deal at the time my Groupon expired. They gave me some B.S. excuse and Groupon ended up refunding my credit card because these cheapskates were so unreasonable - and I was right.Tip: don't go here without an online deal (they are literally everywhere, so you won't have to look hard).I, for one, will never dine here again, and I wish them the level of success they deserve (you can imagine what my thoughts are). Arrivederci! Speaking of Arrivederci, they have good food, and they aren't jerks.
2	no pepper on tables at allmeat and chesse platter had only one meat cappicola, and, it was awful, OLIVES HAVE PITS IN THEM.the risotto was too liquifythe pizza not cooked rightthe desserts were awful:  CANNOLIS were not made right, the cheesecake was gross.no wifi or OUTLETS.
4	If you are looking for an intimate and romantic Italian night out, this is your place!  We came on a Saturday night and they had live music - a lady playing cover songs on acoustic guitar.  While it was a little awkward towards the end of the night (bc the restaurant was pretty much empty and there were only 2 tables left) it was still nice to hear her play.We came here with a voucher deal for a price-fixe menu, so we got to share an appetizer, pick two entrees, and share a dessert.  (it also came with after dinner shots but we skipped those...).  For our appetizer we ordered the "simple salad" which was exactly what it sounded like.  Basically just greens, carrots, and croutons in a balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  I enjoyed it.For my entree I ordered the shrimp scampi.  It came with thick, flat noodles in an orange-colored cream sauce.  It was slightly spicy, but not overpowering.  I really liked the dish, but I would have liked it more if my noodles had been cooked just a BIT longer.  They were slightly hard and not cooked enough.  I still finished almost the whole dish.Dessert was their special for the night, a turtle cheesecake.  It was moist, thick, creamy.  Just what you'd want and expect in a cheesecake!My biggest gripe is that their menu needs better descriptions of the entrees.  Most of the entrees just have the Italian name, with very little detail.  For example, "Chicken Ciambotta" is listed under "pasta" but it's actually a type of stew and it comes out with NO pasta in it.  I had to google most of the names of the entrees to try and figure out what they were.  I understand I could ask our server, but I would've had to ask him for like 10 different descriptions, and I didn't feel like doing that.
5	My husband bought a Groupon deal, wanting to try a new place. They had amazing food and I cannot remember what exactly we tried! We just went with what the waiter recommended. Service was nice and there was live music! The mood was romantic and light, everyone was enjoying themselves
4	The service was awesome.  Very attentive and friendly. Variety of dishes that we all enjoyed.  Relaxing atmosphere.
1	I would not recommend this place. I ordered the bruschetta, which had no description on the menu, and they brought me bread with some weird jam, meat, and cheese. Is it just me, or does bruschetta normally have tomatoes? I asked the waiter if this was their bruschetta and he said yes, and then I commented on how there were no tomatoes on it. He said, "that's why it says ask your server on the menu". I was like ok, I guess I should have asked my server. Then he brought me my salad with "balsamic vinaigrette" which only consisted of just balsamic and oil and it was completely separated. The pizza was decent but it lacked in sauce. I just felt that for the price, and the fact it was an Italian restaurant, their bruschetta and pizza should have been way better. And If they are going to add jam and meat to the bruschetta and take out the tomatoes, it should be noted on the menu or the waiter should notify me. Please note that I went at a prime lunch hour and there was barely anyone in there. I'm pretty sure this place won't be open very much longer and I'm not the only one that doesn't approve.
5	absolutely amazing each and every visit. the food is amazing as well as the service. Love this family owned and managed place.
3	I didn't leave Solo feeling like Jabba the Hut, which is a plus. There were some real highlights to the meal, but the entrees were a mixed bag.The caprese was delicious with a hard and soft (fresh) mozzarella, and three different tomato presentations. Fresh, roasted, and a sweet chutney. Be sure to have the bread served with this appetizer, or else it's not very substantial. For entrees, we had a pasta dish in pink sauce with peas and mushrooms. (We opted for no ham.) The sauce was tasty, but the homemade pasta was very thin and didn't hold the sauce well. We also had a chicken dish with a vegetable and bean ragout. The ragout was outstanding, with the beans somehow almost giving the dish a texture of home fries. The chicken, however, was dry and bland.The cappuccino and tiramisu were both excellent, although the tiramisu was a little heavy on the moscarpone.Live music. Great service. A little pricey. I wish there was a 3.5 star option. I want to return to try the pizza, but I think I'll avoid the entrees.
4	Another great lunch experience at SOLO.  I would encourage anyone to try and enjoy the food & wine at SOLO.
5	Great ambiance, amazing food and good selection of wine and beer. The owners are great. Wish I could eat here more often, I am always out of the state or country for work however.
4	We received a gift certificate from friends to celebrate our engagement here, so it was a great way to explore a new place.  I'd definitely go back!! We started with the meatballs - they were so tender and fresh, a great appetizer to kick off the meal.   Definitely recommend trying these! We shared the Papardelle pasta dish.  Fresh pasta made in-house with flavorful sauce. It was good, and perfect if you are looking for a more traditional pasta dish, but next time I'll experiment with other pasta options.We then shared the Prosciutto and Fig pizza....  AMAZING!!   Definitely the highlight of our meal.  It was perfect and so tasty, a great combination of being lightly sweet and salty, with just the right amount and flavor of cheese, topped by some fresh arugula and parmigiano. I also had the cocktail called The Bicycle Thief - not sure about the name, but it was tasty.  Not too sweet, not too dry.  Loved it!  We wrapped up our dinner with a caramel apple cheesecake - not on the menu - and it was delightful.  I'm not always a big cheesecake fan, but this had apple slices on top, drizzled with caramel... mmmmm!!    Great, friendly, attentive and informative service.  Waitress was awesome, gave good recommendations. The dinner was a hit!   Enjoyed ourselves immensely, look forward to coming back!
5	had cheesecake tonite, very delicious, i love dessert, wished bigger cuz of my gluttony, definitely will come back again to SOLO , consistently great !
4	Great food and atmosphere , a good place to meet up with friends , celebrate a birthday, or any kind of fun gathering
5	This restaurant is a very good date spot. The restaurant is dim lit which makes for a romantic ambiance. They had a musician playing and the music surprisingly wasn't disruptive. The appetizer which was bread was delicious and filling for two people.  Their pasta dishes have great presentation and taste equally as great. our server was friendly and so was the front desk. They are also ahead of the technology here. They have a system you sign into to earn points per visits. I highly recommend this restaurant and would definitely come back.
4	Visiting Phoenix, where I have lived over the years.  I looked up a few restaurants and decided to take my son here for his birthday dinner. The atmosphere was pleasant, decent lighting etc, and there were very few people there-- which can make enjoying conversation more pleasant.   Perfect for tonight, I thought.Our waiter was attentive and offered drinks, but we passed.  My son requested an appetizer that our waiter later informed us was not available.  It was a disappointing start and I was hoping we did not make the wrong choice.My son was ok with that and decided to ordered steak shoulder, which he was very happy with.  It was dressed with mushrooms and a brown beef based gravy.  The steak was prepared medium rare and my son had no complaints about that.I thought about ordering an appetizer then decided I would just go with an entre.  I had the shrimp scampi-- though the bruschetta looked very appealing.  The scampi was done in a light tomato cream sauce, which I really liked.  Additionally I requested the pasta al dente; it was not quite there, but I Love homemade pasta, and that with the fantastic sauce more than made up for it.A lot of restaurants make the sauce too oily or often just too thick.  Trattoria's recipe was just right.  Their sauce held on to the pasta without smothering it.  While the shrimp were a little skimpy, they were still flavorful and well prepared, past translucent but not tough.  I would not say it was quite a 4 but close.  I don't understand running out of a product with so few customers.
4	a last minute pick because Glendale Glitter was a dud, I picked up my phone checked out the best Italian Restaurants in Phoenix....I had a hundred to choose from. I'm so glad I stopped here! If you don't see something on the menu, ASK.....the chef wants to make you happy.....it's a win - win. We stopped on a Friday night, they had intimate live music - you can have a romantic dinner or sit at the bar and watch football. The staff was friendly, made you feel at home and the most important part was the food was amazing. It's a small place and it reminded me of my home town Chicago.....you won't regret it, stop by! yum yum
2	Disappointed in our two pasta meals that were $20 each. The portions were pretty small and the food was barley luke-warm! The didn't offer grated Parmesan cheese or black pepper, which is pretty standard for most Italian restaurants. For dessert we ordered the bread pudding which tasted like it was frozen and heated in a microwave. Also, our waiter who was very nice, had pretty long, greasy hair (sorry) that was not pulled back in any way. For restaurant presentation and health reasons, that should probably be addressed. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for a delicious Italian meal. You can definitely find other restaurants in the area that are cheaper and tastier!
5	My wife and I saw this place on Yelp and saw a pic of a dish that looked awesome! When I got there it wasn't on the Menu anymore, almost 6 months ago, and the owner came out and he ended up making a new version of it and it was incredible. Great food! Great people! Definitely coming back here! Order the Gnudi
5	SOLO or Duo?Well I pick duo!  Was reminded by my wife what a great time we had there with another couple for dinner recently. She was so right, a compilation of great food, live music, fine wine, ambiance and superior service made for a wonderful evening.  The art on the walls, personal greeting by the owners and cozy table set the stage for the evening's meal.  We sampled a big portion of the dinner menu, with the Risotto, Margherita Pizza, Meatballs and Chicken Picatta being standouts; we ate it all! We were two couples there for dinner and by the time we left we felt like part of the SOLO family.  Will we return again, most definitely yes is the answer!
2	We ate their twice and both times had serious red flags and worse. Perhaps my wife would say only one star for Solo Trattoria.On the first visit the waitress had bold face lied and told us their food was organic and non-gmo. We researched later and found they are neither. At both visits I had indigestion- it was light, but I haven't had it in many years. They add chemicals and heap on unhealthy ingredients to improve the richness and taste of their food- and we are in the position to know!! We will never return to this so-called italian gourmet restaurant.Their food is dirty and very suspicious. Giving two stars for the ambiance and the price we paid thru groupon.
4	Decided to try it out based on the Yelp reviews and definitely was not disappointed.Started the meal with the "house made" meatballs and they were astounding.  For the main course I had the Vendure.  It is an awesome "pasta" dish made with spaghetti squash and I had it topped with the salmon.  I finished it off with Jackie's Tiramisu which made a perfect ending to the meal.They could use a much better selection at the bar, I had a cabernet sauvignon with dinner and it was okay.  I wanted a good rum but they didn't have any.I will definitely be eating here again.
5	Solo is still fantastic! Their menu is seasonal, so it's nice to try new dishes when we come in. Service has been consistently great and the food has always been wonderful.
5	Eli makes the cheesecake. He rotates them at times and they are amazing creations!  Tonight it's sweet potato with a cranberry marshmallow cream sauce. Holy smokes, it's wonderful.
