3	I dropped in to Cookies in Bloom to see if I could satisfy a sugar craving for one, without having to buy a full bouquet.  The gentleman behind to counter was quick to oblige, pointing out they also had candy apples and gelato, in addition to cookies.  The cookie, itself, was large, though somewhat dense and dry; the icing VERY sweet.  Glancing at the bouquets on display, they seem to do a lovely job of decorating and packaging (and they ship, too!). I don't think I'd buy again, solely for the purpose of eating a cookie, but they can be pretty "show-y" in bouquet format.  If you care to take a moment to sit, the sidewalk has a couple of cafe tables.  No extra charge for the live music drifting across the street from The Vig.  ;)
3	I used to work for Cookies in Bloom many years ago.  A bit more like an assembly line than my level of cake decorating, but cute cookies that were as tasty as they were creative.So we were in Phoenix today and decided to pop in to check things out.  You know, get a cookie.Well what a surprise, no cookies today -well, except for the traditional baked variety (chocolate chip, sugar, oatmeal raisin, etc.).  Oh c'mon, we didn't stop in for generic variety cookies.  Seems it is graduation day, so they were focused on working on orders only.
4	We're baaack.  Had a vet visit so decided to pop in for a cookie.  Woohoo!  Yummy, sweet smelling baked goods.  These are the best.  Part sugar cookie and part shortbread -doesn't get better.  Boss/owner is always pleasant and it's nice chatting with him while they wrap up something for us.So the truth is I really like this place and once a year I feel I must stop by for a cookie.Oh, and almost forgot to mention, plain iced cookies are 1/2 the price of decorated cookies.My son thinks it's worth it just for that.  LOL!
3	The cookie bouquet was beautifully decorated.  I would not order again due to price.  This is a very expensive product and when I called to ask the price, the shipping charge apparently was not included.  As a business owner myself, I cannot imagine not disclosing all the charges including tax, shipping, extras up front.
