4	This place is a bit far from my house, but unlike the stores closer by they seem to have any and every part you can imagine for remote control cars.  I needed a part and the 2 other places I called had never even carried it, but I called up Hobbytown and they found it for me and held it till I got there.  So in the long run it saved me more time.  The next time I broke the front wheel and suspension and headed over without calling and they helped me find and they had all the parts I needed to get back up and running.  The staff are definitely helpful and as far as I can tell know what they are doing.  I'll definitely be back.
3	Pretty decent hobby shop, though on my most recent visit the inventory was down and the store was more messy than usual.  Lots of paint colors out of stock (particularly some that I needed).  I'm not sure what the deal is, seems like they aren't taking care of the place.  There's always been some pretty good knowledge here and the people are helpful.  Prices are pretty typical.
1	Rude staff and disorganized store! And they wonder why business is down.
1	Very unhelpful. The guy i talked to was pleased to tell me " no we won't do repairs" and "no I can't suggest someone who does"Weak on half assed don't bother.Hard for me to go back,  if ever. There are better. Sad cause there are close to meAlmost duck dynasty like lacking the dynasty. Find someone else
2	Went here for the second and last time yesterday. Today the employee I spoke with just didn't seem to care about anything. Their selection is hit or miss. The place is a bit run down and prices are certainly full retail. There are better shops around so I give up on this one.
1	Very horrible customer service. I'm always excited to do business with smaller shops but this was a mistake. Very rude and completely unwilling to be helpful in the smallest way. Horrible. Don't go there. Travel further for better service.
1	The absolute worst customer service.  I spent $156 in RC parts to include a set of TRAXXAS JATO Front and Rear Wheel sets as a Christmas present to a family member.  As it turns out, the wheel set was purchased in error and asked for a refund ($33/set).  Upon calling the day after Christmas to see if the store was open, I was surprised at the lack of customer service and overall rudeness of the store manager (for which his father is the owner).  He said, "don't you read the reciept...no exchanges for store credit only". I said that how would I know that if the reciept is handed to me after the purchase...not before.  He then said, "It's a store policy not to provide refunds... it's written on the back of our register".  Again, I don't normally read everything posted in a store.  Why didn't they inform me verbally of this policy before purchasing the items?  The overall demeanor of this guy was absolutely unacceptable and I will NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM THIS STORE AGAIN!  I would NEVER recommend anyone to go there.  You'll find prices and service much cheaper online.  Read these reviews and you'll see that Hobby Town USA in Gilbert Arizona don't deserve OUR business.  I ususally don't bother with reviews, but these people pushed me over the line....I will do my best to place my honest review in every site available to expose the truth about this business.  Next call will be to the Hobby Town corporate office...they need to know that their name is being trashed in AZ.
1	My wife went and bought an rc truck for my son and me. Specifically asked the sales person if it was a kit you build. Which he responded yes. Once unwrapped it was apparent that this was a rtr. My son and I looked on there site to see if they had any kits we would want to build. None were found so I went this past Saturday to return the item to get my money back. The store manager which is the son of the owner was supposed to be in. The sales associate said they can't help us there are only returns and exchanges. If they had what I was looking for sure I would have ordered it. But I was then notified that the manager probably wasn't going to making it in. I was trying to get in and out as the cardinals game was starting. They said I would have to come back. Went back on Monday and of course the manager wasn't there. The sales kid was as rude as can be. Completely unhelpful. He was texting the manager. I told him to pick up a phone and call him. Which he finally did and came out from the back after his conversation and said there will be a restocking fee of 20.00. At this point I was not coming back in there again and sucked up the loss. The nerve if them to completely misinform my wife and then not own up to there mistake is bad business. I was a franchisee in retail for 11 years with 5 different location at one time. The service or I should say complete lack of that was displayed by the individuals running that place is disgusting. There are many other hobby stores that I would recommend. I certainly will not spend a dime in that place.
