2	Ordered a large cheese pizza. The crust was ok, not very flavorful. The pie had a pool of grease covering it. This pizza had a bland sauce and very little of it. It just seemed that minimal effort went into the pizza. This pizza is not worth a second visit.
5	Great authentic New York style pizza. The place is beat up, but who cares, the pizza is great!
4	I love the Big Bite sandwich. The 12 inch sandwich feeds two of us for lunch. I must say that the big apple pizza has great flavor but I recommend the thinner crust if you want to eat more than one piece. I just wish they delivered.
4	I have seen this place for years and decided to stop and try it out.  I order a large pizza.  It was good and fresh.  I will go back again.  The only thing  I didn't like was they charge 75 cents for a soda refill.  Who doesn't have free refills on the pop these days?
4	We just happened into this place while out on a driving adventure.  Place is dirty inside, could really use an update, but the FOOD WAS AWESOME.  We had a great salad, terrific spaghetti and meatballs, delicious sauce - but by far the best thing was the Cheese Bread and the FRESH BAKED ROLLS.  The food alone is reason enough to go back - we will, and just close our eyes to the place while eating and enjoying the food!
1	Can't even bare a star but since I had too....I honestly hate giving bad reviews but I couldn't bare the thought of some traveler coming through and wasting time or money with this place!! Where do I begin???Visited last night on Sept 11th... 1 Its dirty..not just whole in the wall dirty but I think I need a tetanus shot nasty....there was even a piece of hair inside the menu and every thing was just grimy!!! Walls, the staff, the air, the cups the water....gross!!!2 When I went to use the restroom the ladies room had no soap so being that it was empty I went to the men's restroom....big mistake...not only was there no soap in the bathroom there wasn't even a soap dispenser!!!! So when I asked the girl at the counter where does the staff use the restroom because neither bathroom had soap she acted like she didn't understand me...all of a sudden you don't speak English well now ,right??? Well she finally brought me soap...I wanted to leave by now but my poor son was so hungry, it was late and he didn't want to leave...sooooo....3 Wings and pizza came...I think someone mentioned NY pizza....um nooooo, not just no but hell no!!!! Not even close! I am from NY myself and love good pizza....that was the worst I ever had...no lie! It was bland, from the crust to the sauce to the cheese...gross....no wonder locals don't like pizza....this is what they have to chose from...this place, pizza hut and Lil Ceasers...yeah I can see why...I would hate pizza too if those were my choices in Coolidge!!My advice...don't stop...keep driving!!!!Not sure how this place is still open!!!
