3	Lucky Brand jeans used to be my absolute favorite brand of jeans because they fit well and were the perfect length for me (regular is a 32" inseam). I was tired of buying expensive jeans that fit well, but I would have to spend more money on getting them hemmed.Although the jeans they make now seem to have declined in quality and have a slightly different fit, I would recommend going to the outlet at the LV Premium Outlet mall or wait for the 50% off yearly sale.This particular location in Town Square is probably the smallest Lucky Brand store in town. This limits the selection. And the employees here do not seem as helpful as the others.
3	There is one rule of thumb - Never come here with the missus, especially if she likes Lucky Brand jeans.Or, bring out the credit cards!1.  Location is great, in Town Square. 5 star2.  Staff - Friendly, I think they are on commission yet they are very helpful. 4 star 3.  Selection - Very good and the staff will find stuff in the back for you too. 4 star 4.  Prices - Each time I have been here, managed to buy everything NOT on sale. 1 star 5.  Deals - No great deals, I am personally not motivated to go shopping here. I think they should choose quantity a bit and with lower prices to drive business and the crowds to this underutilized shopping area.1 starI say check this place out, I mean do window shopping only. If you are with the missus, do try to slide on by this place or you will be "buying" the place!GK says check it out.
5	Eric, the SA is on it! Highly recommend his customer service!  He is attuned to your style. He reserved me a dressing room while I look for some more stuff to try on. Come fitting time, I saw 3 other tops that are similar style that I selected. I tried everything on. Guess what? I ended up buying the one that I selected myself AND another style that Eric got me which I wouldn't have thought of trying it on until I did and it fits me good and the style was awesome! That's how an SA's MO should be if they want to make a sale - subtle, not trying too hard that it's a turn off, attentive and observant to your style and yet put in their own input. Way to go Eric!
