5	Love this place.  They were great, I only bought a car stereo and they spent all the time I needed.
5	Great work and didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need.  I will be back if I have future stereo needs.  Also, they had no problem giving me a quote over the phone.  I wonder if certain other yelp users wanted a quote without a diagnosis?  They don't have a crystal ball, just stereos and speakers and stuff :)
1	Took my jeep here after someone broke into it and had stolen my stereo. Was ignored for quite a while, then was finally helped. After choosing a stereo and waiting for the install, the installer told me I needed a bracket and a Torx screw driver that he didn't have. He told me I should be able to get the bracket from the dealer. I thought this all strange but went searching for the mysterious bracket anyway. I first went searching for the bracket, waited in line at the dealer for 15 min only to find out they show no such bracket in the manual. So off I got to purchase a torx screwdriver. I got back to the kid and told him about the bracket, he said forget it he'll figure something out. He also told me he didn't need the torx screwdriver either. Not happy, I waited for this half-wit to install my stereo. I got it back sounded ok but the head unit was loose and flopped around. You have been warned!
1	Same as the other posts....Got ignored...Gear overpriced and snotty staff.  Dude you sell car stereos for a living.
3	Ok first off,I really wanted to give this place a good review.I have a truck that I have put a lot of love and money into but I still had the stock stereo and speakers so I wanted to get a good deck and some speakers that would fit into the door as an upgrade to my stock speakers.The staff was very helpful in finding what I needed.I agreed to purchase a deck and two front speakers with the intent to add the two back speakers later as the size needed for the back would have to be ordered.They took off the back door panels to show me the size difference aand that they would have to make custom mounting plates.I got the two front speakers installed along with the deck and had them reconnect the old back speakers until I could get the new.I found the speakers I needed for the rear of my teuck on amazon for half the price unique car audio offered and upon a phone call they had no problem with installing them.When I got there I mentioned the fact I had been going a couple of months with only 3 speakers working and the associate tried to deny they ever took the panels off.I explained that I saw them take them off and just wanted to make sure when they installed the new speakers to make sure everything was reconnected before putting the panels back on.Needless to say a couple days later I realized my back power window was not working .When I inspected further I realized the power window button was not rerconnected.In saying that I am a firm believer of paying attention to detailand am now a bit nervous about going back to have my sub installed .Slow down and treat everyones vehicle as though it is yours!!!!
1	Left numerous voice mail messages and emails - none returned.  Business must be good to ignore potential customers.  Look elsewhere for someone that is interested in your business.
5	I recently purchased a new car and while I love the car, it is very low to the ground and the exhaust is noisy. For these reasons, I wanted to have the stuff installed that they put in luxury cars to make them quiet. They installed Dynamat for me and I am very happy with the results. Shawn is the owner of the shop and Brian did the installation. They lined my trunk and I am very happy with the results. They were friendly, efficient, and reasonably priced for this type of work. They were really easy to work with and I was very impressed with the customer service I received. I would use them again in a heartbeat. Very happy! And my car is so much quieter!
