3	This little place was unknown to me until only recently. How long it has been there I don't know. Normally when I crave Cuban food I had been leaving Uptown to head out to Taste of Havana on Albermarle. How wonderful it was to find this little corner cafe! They don't serve a formal brunch but on Saturdays when they're open between 11 - 3 the breakfast options are available. While my friend had the veggie omelet I skipped them as they had little to no descriptions. All the breakfast sounded no different than anything you'd find at Denny's and I really wanted a unique flavor.The lunch menu did not disappoint. The appetizer of fried yucca was perfect, served perfectly hot and made to order, no greasiness to it at all, with a light crispy breading that the yucca was soft on the outside and just firm enough through the center to impart yucca's flavor.Though a standard, I went with the Cuban sandwich. The bread had that soft spongey firm feel it's known for and unlike other reviewers mine was served with mustard between the slices of pork. I'll agree that meat was not heavily seasoned but it was tender and flavorful.The thing I most enjoyed about my meal was the variety of juices they had. Guanabana's mild sweetness was refreshingly perfect to the other flavors in my meal but they also offer 5 others as a juice or smoothy.
1	I walked over to Havana Cuban Cuisine after visiting the Bechtler Museum recently.  I was really looking forward to a Cuban meal.  When I got there, I found a handwritten sign in the window.  It read, "NO restaurant.com coupons ACCEPTED".  Could I support any business that does not honor the business obligations it makes?  Eek!  Methinks not!  Thanks to the owners of Havana Cuban Cuisine, we had a FABULOUS dinner at Villa Francesca!  Thanks Havana!!
3	This Cuban place tucked away in Uptown on Church St. has been on my "try-out" list for quite a while, but I always forget about it.  There never seems to be many customers around, but maybe I am walking by at the low times.I placed a take out order for pork tenderloin (#17) and some fried plantains.  Everything was good, but not really phenomenal.  [If you are ever in Chicago on the Northside and want excellent Cuban, hit 90 miles Cuban Cafe].  The tenderloin looked really attractive, being blackened and covered in some kind of glaze with spices and a pepper on top.  The meat, however, was a little more chewy than what I was expecting and the glaze seemed like something I could get out of a marinade bottle.  Came with standard rice and beans.The fried plantains were probably my favorite, just because I love those things in general.  They were, however, a tad too greasy.  Service was good.  Atmosphere looked alright, very dark and calm.  Univision on by the bar.  Prices were pricey.  I guess high rents in Uptown and no customers could drive that a little bit, but not sure the price justifies frequent visits.  Looks like lunch specials may be where it's at!
