4	What does it take for me to get off my "stuck on 600" silliness? How about a good old fashioned FTR. OK so it's Fresh & Easy, but whatever.I dropped by thanks to a $5 coupon they sent me for their grand opening. The store is clean, like you would expect for a new location. It kind of smelled like brand new furniture when I walked in. Also, I appreciate the two hybrid car parking spots right next to the new mom spots right out front. How bougie (I blame Regina P and Earl C for compelling me to use that term in a review).Other than that, it looks almost exactly like any other Fresh & Easy I've ever been to. It's really not all that convenient from my house, so I won't be frequenting. If you live in Southern Highlands, however, consider yourself lucky to have a shiny new store in your hood.
4	As soon as I found out that they were opening another store/in this location, I drove by like a crazy ex, until I got the $5 coupon in the mail, in addition to the advertised sales.  Yes, I'm one of "those" people.  Hehe.  So...when I'm out and about and I have to pick and choose from Smith's, Roberto's, Starbuck's, McDonald's, Barcelona Tapas, Off the Strip or a convenience store (among other options), at least I have another option.This store is pretty much like the other locations, but with the "new store smell,"and I only hope that it stays around for awhile.  They have the standard fare, as expected, but with a slightly different layout.  I also like the fact that they have a fairly large GLUTEN FREE section toward the rear of the store.  Granted, they don't have everything that you may need, but they do have a little bit of everything.  And, with their weekly coupons/ads and their rewards club that converts your points to discounts on groceries (friends rewards), they're definitely worth a visit.
3	I've never been to a F&E before, I feel like I haven't been missing much. I tend to like a bigger market where I can get all my shopping done at one place. I felt like the selection was lacking. I don't really like having to buy my fruits and veggies in a pre packaged amount, I also like to pick my own. The fruits and veggies looked nice and fresh though. Their meats looked good too. Most of the prices were pretty decent as well. The one aspect I did like was the prepared meals. I didn't buy any of them but it's a good option if I don't really feel like cooking. They are probably the only reason I'd return to a F&E. I wasn't aware it was all self check out, I don't mind this, sometimes I can get through a line quicker unless I have a big order. The one employee I encountered didn't say one word to me but assisted me with bagging my food, then was on her way to another customer. Thank you for the help!
5	I love their signature meals and so does my husband.  They are healthy and reasonably priced. I use their reward card and email coupons.
4	So glad they opened up in our neighborhood.  Fresh and Easy always has what I am looking for.  I'm referring to boneless skinless chicken thighs and whole chicken that is usually 99 cents a pound.  Southern highlands does have other grocery stores accessible in our neighborhood, but for us, Fresh & Easy really makes it easier for our household.  They are in their own lot, and they are not crazy busy where you have to hit the horn on your shopping cart when you are turning the corner of the aisle.    Their prepacked meals make for easy cooking.  Literally just heat in the microwave or heat in the oven.  If you look in their meat section they have a variety of marinated meat to grill.  Yup, convenient for those that didn't prep the night before for the big cookout.  We like F&E teas and OJ or Grapefruit juice.  They also have a nice selection of liquor at this location.  Usually, in the mail you can get $3 or $5 off coupons depending on how much you spend.  Or if you sign up for their rewards card, they will email you coupons.  Your points when shop can also be converted into a coupon too! Great place to do your grocery shopping!
4	I can't believe I have lived in Las Vegas for a year and have not ever stepped foot into a F&E Market! I was so surprised with the quality and selection of foods, produce, meats, beverages,snacks, etc. They have a small floral section that made me happy. The staff was not too busy stocking shelves to help me find my way around the store. For such a tiny store, there was a wide selection of items to chose from. I liked that there were familiar brands and brands that I had not heard of before. The points system customers can sign up for is a bonus. Not having to fight the crowds like in other chain supermarkets was nice, too. I will be back for sure to do some more exploring of my neighborhood market.
5	I love this place!!! Being a busy mom, being able to walk in and grab easy to make, on the go, fresh food for dinner is so fantastic!! I love the weekly email coupons and the rewards!
5	Great for those quick stops for something fresh. Love the weekly coupons! I find myself going here at least twice a week. I am glad they chose to open one in Souther Highlands. I never found time to travel to the one on Silverado Ranch.
5	open 24 hours!! I really enjoy shopping here. It's never busy, always fresh, and so much healthier. They actually make eating healthy affordable and oh so easy. It's great for my family and I because they carry options and you know don't have to worry about being a health freak to shop here. It's nice to have the options tho.  It's  amazing how much better fresher taste, and it's not always easy because it usually takes longer to prep. Which is another reason I like that they have lots of easy prepped meals. If you haven't tried their salad dressings and omg the salsa. You should!!  It's over all a very clean store and friendly staff couldn't ask for more.
3	Very clean and neat.  Not very many customers and you dont have to deal with too many staff either.  Food is fresh and easy.
1	Since the new owners took over they things have gone downhill fast.  They deleted coupons.  They stopped having sales.  Half the people who worked there are gone.  Prices are way up.  You can do better.
3	Clean, never busy, moderately-priced and convenient, F&E is a good alternative if Smith's across the street is too busy. If you're overloaded and lazy to cook, they have plenty of semi-cooked meals, marinated meats, sandwiches, and salads to choose from. I love their citrus, spicy chicken packs the best. Most of their meat claims it's 100% natural and hormone free without the high price of Whole Foods. The seafood packaging clearly tells you if it's farm-raised or wild caught, which I greatly appreciate. They have a beautiful beverage selection where you can grab water, iced coffee, fancy soda, energy drinks, protein shakes, oj, and mineral water. The beer and wine selection is decent, too. They have almond butter brand that I like, but it's pricier than Trader Joe's. But overall, it's not bad but not great either.
4	Now that this is open 24/7 I love the prices and the prepackaged meals. If you broke that down by cost and time I'm sure this would pan out to be much more cost effective. They have a kit with genoa salami which is so fresh. However I just purchased a prosciutto kit and it was old, rancid tasting and not fresh.
4	I can get a two pack of salmon for 8 dollars ready to bake . Delicious I find it to be a cross between trader Joe's and a lower end whole foods.  Usually not crowded fast check out. So if your willing to spend a little more money then the other grocery stores check them out
1	Had HORRIBLE customer service. My mom and I were in the neighborhood and decided to check this place out. 1st time there and NEVER coming back. Wish I could go back and talk to the manager because workers are not supposed to give you negative vibes or stop you from buying items. Ruined my whole mood for my vegas vacation with my family. Don't expect kind workers to help you out either. Especially the old lady with lengthy hair -_-
4	I really like F&E, especially during diinner time hours because if you just need 1 or 2 items you are in and out fast as opposed to Smith's.  I especially their in store baked goods.  Bagels and croissants are great.  Produce usually fairly priced.  I used to LOVE when items were reduced by 80% but that is now a thing of the past.
