1	The biggest crooks I've ever encountered in a medical profession and I've been to many doctors and clinics. I'm very easy going and think twice before passing judgement but they really are worthy of this criticism. Much of the staff is rude from front desk to nurses. You definitely get the feeling you're being ripped off, and they don't even hide their insconsideration. They knew from the start about my financial trouble due to my debilitating condition, but they don't care. They schedule unnecessary appointments and bill you for copays just to confirm the status quo of your health for literally 2 mins seeing Dr. Heather PA. Pleading your case doesn't help. I got out of there often feeling stupid to have been taken advantage of. There were a few times they asked that I make an appointment and when I got there, they couldn't figure out what they're supposed to do. I got sent to the wrong office 1 time. So apparently miscommunication is in their air. Never dealth with Dr. Wachs, but apparently that office is closed. On first impression, Dr. Heather PA seems to be courteous but you later find out that there's more to her behind that pretense. When she wasn't required to personally see me, she walked and stood right in front of me on a few occassions, discussed my file with a nurse, never made eye contact or greeted like I was invisible. I'm really not sensitive and usally overlook stuff like, but since I'm writing an honest review, I might as well go the whole way. A doctor should be more genuine and sincere than that. She ordered blood tests that I did not need due to lack of knowledge about my condition, which ended up costing me. I basically had to assert myself after that refusing certain tests that were a waste of money. I got the feeling her knowledge really lacked about condition and she was just trying to cover her bases.Recently, my pharmacy called them repeatedly and left messages for 2 weeks with no reply. They finally returned the call refusing to renew a prescription for my chronic condition, unless of course I make an appointment with them and pay them. That's when I decided to transfer my file to a different doctor. They never cared for my well being, time or money. To them, I was just a money milking statistic.
5	I see Dr. Courtney Ross here and have nothing but positive things to say.  I saw another doctor here (Tamika Boulware) previous but she moved locations - it was too far me to continue to see her, as well as expensive.  While I like to keep the same doctor, there was just no way.  So, I tried this place again and was even more impressed than before.Wait time is pretty short unless they get walk-in emergencies, but they really try to stick to their schedule.  It's kind of in a weird area, but traffic isn't terrible and it's convenient for me.Dr. Ross has some of the best bedside manner I have had the luck of experiencing.  She remembers little quirks and personal things, makes you feel super comfortable, and is very empathetic.  I absolutely love seeing her and have never had a bad experience with her.  In this town, that's a big deal - finding a good doctor can be next to impossible.The fee without insurance is $50 - reasonable for me since I am currently uninsured.  I had to go several times in one month to check up on something and, while it did add up to a decent amount in the short-time I am still saving on what I was paying on insurance monthly because I don't often go to the doctor.  It works out well for me in my current insurance-less situation.  -:)
4	I found out that Dr. Ross left (only being there 6 months to boot...), I found a new doctor there that is just as great - Dr. Amanda Thistle.  This is the third (and hopefully final) doctor I've seen there due the the first two no longer working there.  That kind of annoys me but all the doctors have been great at least.
5	LOVE Dr. Daliah Wachs at Integrated Family Medicine.She listens - doesn't throw antibiotics and other medicines at you. She's totally open to natural remedies and super knowledgable. Her radio show at night is funny too - I listen almost every night and I always learn something.
1	I am so severely disappointed in this office that I now have the mental backing to confirm my distrust of most medical practitioners.I've been having this sharp pain in my arm near my shoulder.  Because it's my left arm, I've been a bit freaked out that it might have something to do with my heart, even though I have no chest pain.  Regardless, I made an appointment for Saturday and explained my symptoms with the expectation that I could get bloodwork done.  My sister, who had also been to this office, informed me that I would need to fast that day or would need to do bloodwork another day.I get to this office at 8:17 for my 9:00 appointment, fill out all the paperwork and then pay my $25.00 co-pay.  The woman that brought me back to get my height, weight and blood pressure was extremely pleasant, but then I was brought back to a room where a woman named Allison came to attend to me.Straightaway, she seemed to be incredibly agitated.  I went through my symptoms with her and when she gave me instructions (like when she listened to my heartbeat with her stethoscope) she was very brusque.  If I had to compare the medical industry with something like customer service, I'd say that most people in the medical field should be expected or required to carry a margin of bedside manner.  I had already explained to the woman before Allison that I hadn't been to a doctor in fifteen years and Allison did nothing to squash my lingering fear.  She heightened it.  So, after I was received by the pleasant attitude of Allison, she informed me that bloodwork wasn't done in their office on Saturdays, but she could do an X-Ray.  I had already informed them that my fear was something being wrong with my heart, but you want to do an X-Ray?!  I'm an administrative assistant and even I know that's wrong...and I don't want myself or my insurance to pay for pointless tests.  Furthermore, had the receptionist informed me that bloodwork wasn't done on Saturdays or had there been an office sign stating such, I would have turned and walked away BEFORE paying my co-pay.So, I paid $25.00 to sit in an office, fill out paperwork for an office that just needs to shred my file and be treated like I'm nothing.  Once again, thanks for this experience!!
2	Very disappointed... Dr. Daliah Wachs is very sweet & professional but the medical stuff seems to be overwhelmed. My insurance needs referral to any specialist that I want to see but the medical staff doesn't seem to know how to send/submit them. The first 2 times I received bills from 2 separate specialist, I had to deal with them on my own with my insurance company..calling..tracking..& followed up to make sure the referrals were properly send. This is the 3rd time where I was turned away by a specialist because Dr. Wachs' medical staff are incompetent, overwhelmed, or simply just "too busy" to do their jobs. It is very frustrating & I am considering switching to a different doctor.
1	The first few times I went there i would've given them 4 stars. .. but after that it just went down hill.  Even with an appointment u are still waiting at least 30 min to an hour before the doctor sees u. So what's the point of an appointment then? Then the doctor you've been seeing is no longer with them anymore.  So u get stuck with a new doctor that judges u for getting a prescription that u need and judges u because some ppl in Vegas work weird hours like I do. So what's the issue if i work late and get off at 2 in the morning? Does that make me a drug addict?  No it doesn't. But it makes for one really awkard doctors  appointment. And this was the final straw.  Call them to get results for blood work and get put on hold for 10 minutes only for them to tell me to ball back the next day.  I call again and they put me on hold AGAIN for 15 minutes only for them to tell me that they have to call me back because they can't access the file room. Seriously?  What are they doing that the file room is bz? I don't get it.  And then to call them for the next 2 days to be given the run around again. No answers to my blood results but more excuses as to why they cannot access the file room.Then the kicker? They called me 3 weeks after they were supposed to call 5 times on 5 different days even after I explained to them nicely the first 2 times that I already received my results. Get your stuff together staff! No need to continuously bother your customers for no reason!!Won't be back. And if i were u, I wouldn't either.
1	THIS PLACE IS AWFUL, UNORGANIZED AND NOT FRIENDLY. I went to this facility after I was in a car accident and received sub-par treatment. Additionally, after I ceased treatment, I was sent on a six month long nightmare battle with the billing department. I was sent to collections twice after personally paying bills, my med-pay satisfying bills, etc. I eventually had to physically go to the location and send a huge copy of bills/received payment, etc. to the collections agency. DO NOT TAKE YOUR BUSINESS TO THIS LOCATION UNLESS YOU ARE INTERESTED IN RISKING YOUR CREDIT AND SANITY.
1	BEWARE! Just got a collections notice from a service from 5 years ago - only moved a year ago and was in their office many times between this service and this notice. Tried to contact office to clear it up. Have paid every other bill over the years, but that didn't matter. This was my first notice received and am willing to pay original amount (less additional charges) but billing dept at Dr Wachs says no... won't even take message to Dr. Wachs to ask for reasonable review. Office won't talk to me or give me details on what was performed because they turned it over to collections. Collections doesn't have my details, just total amount (that has since tripled in fees and interest). The fact that it was 5 years ago when the service was performed and they are just trying to "rebill" my (no-longer) insurance provider?!... of course it will be denied, but now I can't get the information needed to even try have insurance cover it. The only option they leave you unless you want to have your credit impacted is to pay the bill... This is criminal practice - of course I don't have paperwork after 5 years and office won't give me anything? It felt like the slimiest shakedown and most unethical approach I have ever dealt with. When you try to reason with unreasonable practice policies like these, all you can do is recommend to RUN AWAY FROM EVER USING THIS PRACTICE!
1	I switched insurance a couple years ago and needed a new ppo doctor, this office was the one my gf used.  From the start, I had bad experiences with this office.  I was never assigned a doctor and always given a random doctor or nurse.  I have 2 different tests done that required 3-5 business days for results.  Both times I did not receive a call back after 10 business days and had to call more than 2 times for my results.  My biggest complaint however comes from my last visit.  On that day the office had a "$50 see the doctor sign outside" the office was absolutely packed with people that did not have insurance.  I waited for 45 min before I sent to the back and waited another 45 min.  I finally left because I had to go back to work.  I paid $25 for the visit and was charged a $50 "no call no show" fee.  They would not remove the fee from my account.  This office is ran extremely poor starting at the front office.  Even without my latest issue I was ready to change doctors.  I would not recommend them to anyone.
1	I can't give a zero star review because it won't let me. I'm writing this while I'm waiting in the exam room. Called, received a 1130am appt. Arrived by 1115am, it's 1230pm and still haven't been seen. All I need is a new prescription for my allergies.
1	And THEN Dr. Amanda Thistle was no longer there.It became Kerstin Margiotti, which is who I saw sometime around January or February '13.  Apparently she left in June 2013 after swearing up and down to me she'd be there for quite some time.This practice is a joke.  Go elsewhere.
1	If I where ever sick I would die before going back here !! The doctor I saw was really nice but didn't do anything for me but say to come back in a week! I had a dam cold!! Anyway I didn't go back and was told by the lady at the front it would be $50 with no insurance well now months later I'm getting a call wanting $270!!! For what ? Just to see there worthless doctor ?? Don't go here it's a rip off !!! They lie !!
1	AVOID this place like the plague because that is EXACTLY what it is. I had been going here for over four years and I have never had a problem until last time I went in. I was at the front desk trying to explain my insurance to the front desk because she was trying to collect more than my copay, I told her that I had an executive plan in which case a third party company picks up my deductible there for I do not have a deductible. This sent the front desk into complete panic mode. I explained that I have been going there for four years and had the same insurance and never had a problem before. Out of no where I hear another women's voice from the back saying that I must not understand my plan. I understand it completely inside and out because I have been in the medical industry for years plus the fact that I haven't had any changes and they have been getting paid fine for four years. The next thing I know this very confrontational man steps out and says that he would like me to step into the back because he doesn't want me talking to the front desk about this at the front, I thought it was off putting but I wasn't going to stand there and argue that as well. So I went into the back with this man I tried explaining to him I had been a good patient for four years and never had problems before this time, he argued with me and said I didn't understand my plan and that I should just pay what they wanted me to. He was getting kind of loud and aggressive so I said you know "ive been alot of places with this insurance and I have never had problems with providers getting paid". He said well if you have been to other offices go there then and he walked away! I was like what a douche-canoe!!! If I was a man I would beat the complete and utter shit out of him for talking to me like that. I cannot convey the rage in his voice as if I was trying to rip him off or something. So I called and asked whom the man was that I just spoke with it turns out it was Corey Wachs and he is the OWNER! Once I was told that I was like ohhh thats why your business is failing its because he runs the joint what a fucking shame people like him are allowed to care for patients.
1	Went there years ago and it was great. Never had a problem. Went in today and the office looked run down and unprofessional.  I was just there for a prescription refill. After showing the Dr. my prescription bottles of very mild mediction she refused to give me the full thing saying she wasn't sure how I'd react. I've been taking these for over two years after getting these original prescriptions from specialists. I know what works best for me and I had proof with the bottles as well as my medical records. She continued to talk to me like I had no idea how or when to take them. She made me feel like I was some kind of addict. She recommended something else and I said no because I don't like the "high" feeling from other medications for my condition. I would never recommend them to anyone again ever.
1	This place is a one of the worst medical offices I have ever been too. I rather go sit at a umc quick care and wait for an hour or two then come here again. The staff are horrible and extremely rude. The physician her self is never there and has PA's running the office who have no clue what their doing. I will never recommend this practice to anyone! Sorry excuse for a family medicine office!
1	Dr. Wachs is held back by a terrible staff...front desk person is very unfriendly and acts annoyed when you call or show up.  The office is very unprofessional, messy and unorganized.  I like her as a Doctor, but am ready to find someone else.
1	Poor service when it comes to scheduling. Based on great reviews I tried to call today to make appointment for my daughter. Was put on hold for 15mins them hung up on. Called back told the girl I was on hold and was hung up on so guess what she does? Puts me on hold again. Wanted to give them a shot but if scheduling gives bad customer service how is the service in the office? So hard to find a good family doctor in this town.
5	I have been going to Dr. Daliah for 10 years now. I love her! I've never had a problem with the staff or scheduling. Its a doctors office, you go in and have to wait a bit, you never know what is going on behind the scenes or what kind of issues have come up with previous patients. People need to learn some patience in waiting rooms. Dr. Daliah is a great doctor who tells it like it is and never has a problem with getting me a referral or medication, if needed. She listens well and has always been super helpful! I will keep going here for years to come!
1	I have to agree with the majority of the reviews here. This place does not even warrant a star. I will say the staff was very apologetic, but Dr. D Wachs bedside manner is HORRIBLE!!! I do not care what type of radio show she has the patients are customers that keeps her in business. As a referral from another doctors office I will let them know that Dr. Wachs is not worth the referral.
1	Agree with most of what I am reading. My family had gone there for a while and the constant turnover, lack of knowledge (relatively green) and lack of communication totally turned us off to the point where I wouldn't go there anymore. If only the same attention put towards the radio show went towards the practice...
1	Integrative is fine if you're visiting because of a common cold. It's definitely not a practice that actually cares about you. Dr. Daliah won't remember you or your history. I was out of town and needed an important prescription filled. I called the office three times and was told every time that Dr. Daliah would return my call. I never heard back from anyone in the office. My travel buddy was appalled and said that her family doctor would never treat her patients so poorly.
1	Totally a zero star place. I can't believe this kind of clinic exist. I just needed a quick physical exam and I couldn't make appointment anywhere else. I should've known better. They take walk ins. That just shows you this place isn't really what I think doctor office should be.Very shady looking. Makes you not wanna give them your information...All paper work is printed out from crappy copy machine I can hardly read and some letters are cut off...So far I've been waiting little over 1hour.Receptionist looks super busy, obviously short stuff. Taking 1hour to take my ID copied is a joke. Workers yelling at each other from back to front of the office... Very unprofessional. I guess this is exactly what you expect from this kind of place.Paper work everywhere on desk... Mess.I wish I read yelp review before I came down here.I haven't even seen a doctor yet but it doesn't matter anymore. I'll see her/him for 10min and I'm sure anyone can do exam just fine but overall experience at this point is like negative 3stars:(Seriously. Wait 2month to get an appointment with real doctor would be my best suggestion.
1	Zero star! Stay away from this place!!!After 2hours of waiting, female doctor came in, she looked horrible. Her hair's messy, looks like it's never been brushed. She seems friendly but seriously, she didn't do anything!!!I can hear her yelling at nurses to help receptionist pick up phones when phone's keep ringing. And just everybody seemed so unhappy to work there. I'm sure it sucks to be there cause it sucked to me to be there for 2hours.This kind of place needed to be shut down for good.And, they'll try and charge you the co-pay even when your insurance covered everything and don't need a co-pay for exam, flu shot and such.They told me complete lie and tried to get more money. I spend extra hour, had to make my insurance company call and talked to them.What a horrible experience.
1	I go to this office often due to location, cost and friendly service until a year ago. Dr. Heather was my primary. Then they switch because she had left. Needless to say the new DR. is a JOKE. All she wants to do is refer you to specialists. I have asthma and told her I couldn't breathe. She  said she is not there to give ER service, that she needed to get blood works. She continues to fill out a lab sheet and told me where to get the tests. I asked if they offer at office, she said yes. I then said if you have services at office why would you send me out? She is very loud, unprofessional and looks like she herself is on drugs. She yells out in opened atmosphere the meds I am taking is dangerous. But I've been receiving them for pass 4yrs.  in her office!!! I ask you what happened to HIPPA rules? I didn't want people to know my business. Couldn't breathe on my way home, I decided to use the "sample" inhaler only to find out it had expired. If she is so concern about my health, she couldn't take a moment to make sure the drugs she gives out is up to date??? The meds that would have been in my lungs!!! She needs her license revoked. Worthless and dangerous.
