5	This place is great! Very clean once you walk inside. It's run by a nice elderly couple who take great care of your clothes.  I've had a couple of pants hemmed here and they came out perfect. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is awesome!  Went to a few other places in town for alterations and this place is by far the best.  They have saved so many of my pants and sweaters i'm so grateful.  Very friendly and very fast.  I told a few of my friends about Angel Cleaners and they all come here now.  Great find!
5	Excellent business. I had a pair of pants altered and two suits cleaned. Turn around time was just a day. Pants for absolutely perfect. Won't go anywhere else.
5	I always take all of my dry cleaning here. Each time I've been here, they are very accommodating and make sure you always get your things back when you need them. I get pen marks on my clothes pretty often working in an office and they always get the marks out. We also brought a large homemade quilt in that needed some hefty duty cleaning (and no, I will not tell you why...) They cleaned it so well, it looked brand new.Lastly, due to my procrastination...I bought in my brides made dress to have altered. I needed in literally in 2 days to give me enough time to make sure it fit. They had to take in all of the sides and had it done the next day for me!They are awesome and very nice people. Love this place!
2	Took my clean dress pants here to get altered.  The alterations were fine, thats why the two stars, however just make sure you pay for the cleaning of your clean clothes if you want them back clean.  They will deny to all ends that it was your own fault. Disappointed after the good reviews.
1	Absolutely the worst. Completely ruined my $100 silk shirt and wouldn't do anything about it except offer to dry clean it again which wouldn't do anything. It was returned to me ripped in the back and stained on the front. A reputable dry cleaner would pay to replace it but no he only insulted me by saying I bought it in like that and said it was too tight on me and I spilled food on it. No, it's a silk shirt. Who wears a silk shirt tight? Nobody. This is bullshit. Don't give them your business. Wouldn't even refund the $5 to clean it.
