5	A man does not buy many engagement rings in his life.  I've planned to only purchase one.  So when walking into Goodman's to pick out something my future wife would wear for the rest of her life, I was nervous.  The staff at Goodman's was excellent.  None of those "how much do you love her" lines that would have sent me straight out the door.  They showed me a wide range of stones and settings and very quickly we had something with which I was very pleased.  Never once felt pressured.Granted, I don't buy much jewelry so I don't have much background with which to rate Goodman's.  I do know that they made one nerve-wracking and life-defining purchase all that easier.
5	I have actually never been in Goodmans but they have a great reputation in the Madison community, so I recommended the place for my boyfriend to go for Christmas.  :)He picked out the most beautiful white gold and garnet earrings and necklace set, just gorgeous. I get compliments all the time. But mainly, I'm writing this review because a few weeks later, he got a "thank you" card in the mail that had a handwritten message on the inside, something like "Thank you for letting us help you make your holiday special," something like that.I was so super impressed with that personal touch that I will recommend them to anyone. How many mall stores will do that for you? We will definitely go back - at least he will!  :D
5	I had puchased a watch at the University Bookstore that needed band re-sizing. The service at Goodman's was excellent and the staff was very pleasant.For a small fee, they gladly sized my son's watch and even let him know he could return for a free adjustment.I was very impressed with their jewelry selection and excellent customer service.
5	Have made a couple of purchases from Goodman's and have always enjoyed the experience. Never felt pressured to buy something more expensive than what I was looking for.  Great service, great value and great people.
5	The service is outstanding! I came in with a very particular item in mind for purchase and they were very accommodating to all of my questions and concerns. What really impressed me was that I got an envelope from Goodman's about ten days after my purchase - it was a thank you note from the clerk that worked with me in the store, thanking me for shopping and Goodman's and offering to help or provide advice if I had any additional questions. Loved the personal touch, especially in a time when almost all merchant-customer communication is across a screen. Will definitely revisit!
2	I've been in to Goodman's twice, and neither was a great experience.  The first was when my fiancee and I needed to get my engagement ring resized.  We came in with an 18k white gold ring from a well known international maker, and the first person to help us sniffed and said "we don't work in SILVER."  As if we don't know what our ring is.The second time I was in trying to pick out a watch.  Maybe if you're in the market for a Rolex this is the place for you.  But the person who helped me thought my budget was plus or minus $500, and they didn't have a great selection in my range.
5	Service with a smile! I came in on a weekday around 5 p.m. needing my watch battery replaced, fully expecting to have to return in a day or two to pick it up. They changed it while I waited, in less than 10 minutes, for $8. Why take a chance having this done at a discount store when you can take it to experts? Highly recommended.
1	I got a watch battery changed there about ten years ago, and service/price were fine.  However, walking down State Street today, I saw a sign saying "Your husband called...and said you can buy anything you want!  Yay!" and I will never shop there...even if this was a 'joke' or 'funny retro' it is still wildly inappropriate to suggest wives need their husbands' permission, or that a husband is needed to purchase jewelry (and no, I'm not a dried up spinster...yet).  It's 2012, Goodman's Jewelers.  Get with it.
4	I came to Goodman's the first time around with a friend to pick up a birthday present for her mom. I think we must have gone through all of the diamond jewelry available in the store...but the lady helping us out was just as friendly and patient with us at the end as she was in the beginning. Really, the customer service is great!The second time, I came to Goodman's to get my watch band replaced. The replacement itself was free and super quick. I only paid for the band. The selection is limited, but I was able to find a band that was practically identical to my previous band. I was very happy about that. (: Great quality, great service! I'm hoping that my next purchase at Goodman's will be brilliant and shiny. (:
5	My husband and I have been married almost 2 years. We'd had a sweet yet humble wedding and decided at the time to skip the wedding band for my engagement ring (which he got at Goodman's). Recently, I realized it would mean a lot to me to have a wedding band. So yesterday we stopped by Goodman's just to look and were greeted by Laura who was lovely, full of information and extremely helpful. We've always had positive experiences here and yesterday was no exception. Laura found that there's a wedding band made specifically for my engagement ring so she brought it out and OMG, we were sold. They let us put down some money down to keep it on layaway and their policy, since 1933, is that you pay whatever you can monthly until it's paid off (whether it's $1 or $100 or...). Another big plus is that Goodman's purchases their diamonds with a conscience. They visit the mines & talk with the workers to ensure that all stones purchased are nonconflict diamonds. And part of every purchase goes toward a good cause. Go to Goodman's. You won't regret it.
