5	As far as hidden gems go, this is simply the most hidden, if that is possible. It's so hidden it couldn't even be found if you combined the ten best treasure hunters in the world and gave them all the tools they needed to find the damn gem. Fortunately for my friends, I am better than those ten treasure hunters and all I needed was my Blackberry. I'm simply the best at finding hidden gems. To be honest, my group wandered to Ma Dang on a rainy day haphazardly. We were aiming for a cheap restaurant after Las Vegas ate our wallets and my Yelp App on Blackberry led us 15 minutes away from the strip to Tokyo Japanese Restaurant. The reviews seemed all good despite a $20 taxi ride. Unfortunately for us, Tokyo Japanese Restaurant had closed down and Yelp had not changed the business status - shame on Yelp. While walking around, it was evident the economic turmoil had hit Vegas hard, especially for the restaurants off-strip. Every establishment was closed with crows and pigeons taking over the sidewalks. It felt like the scene from a Resident Evil movie and my friends seemed possessed with the same demonic affliction the zombies had as I felt their stone cold glares. I could telepathically read their minds, strings of "where did you take us", "why am I wasting my time" and "I'm hungry" lingered. Then there was finally a sign of relief just as emotions were about to boil over, as we saw a family walk into a nondescript blue door. We followed and meekly peeked in. An ahjima greeted us at the door and got us seated. We were nervous and skeptical of what they were going to feed us. Seriously, thoughts of them serving us human meat ran through my mind as the desolate mini-mall seemed incredibly ominous. The $10-$15 dishes were such a reprieve of the astronomical strip prices that we decided to pig out. However, we were cautious and ordered the typical Korean fare. Duk bok ki, Haemul Pajun, Soon Doobu Jigae, Dol Sot BiBimBap and Jap Chae. The ahjima also recommended the Spicy Chicken, noting tourists love the dish.  We ordered and we waited...The dishes came out one by one. Huge portions, I mean absolutely worth the money we paid and a change of pace from the high-class, fancy restaurants on the strip. Each dish had a homemade feel to them and served in huge plates. The restaurant was also not cheap on the banchan and provided a table full of small appetizers. Our party of 5 undoubtedly over ordered, but it didn't matter to us as we were just happy to spend $20 each and be stuffed. There were no laggards and each dish was masterfully crafted as if I was over my Korean friend's house. However, the standout was truly the Spicy Chicken. It was unlike any other Korean fried chicken I have ever tasted and I have probably tasted the best of them including BonChon and KyoChon. The sauce used for the Spicy Chicken was indescribable and the chicken was tender and moist, the star dish of the restaurant.Unfortunately the restaurant is so far and hidden from the strip and the rest of the Las Vegas, as well as being surrounded by failed establishments, that it has not gotten enough fanfare. I would recommend any local Las Vegas resident to visit this restaurant and try out the menu. I really want to get Ma Dang's name out and I hope this review does that. It is truly a wonderful mom and pop restaurant that deserves the spotlight. If you have time or a rental car to wander around Las Vegas, please hit up Ma Dang for some authentic home-made Korean food.
5	Wow -- thanks to the sole Yelper who reviewed this (an out of towner, I might add...) I took my fellow foodie adventurer out to find this place in the Commercial Arts Center (always sketchy...).To be honest, I was on a hunt for KFC = Korean Fried Chicken...but I just can't pass up bipbimbap...so we had the stone pot version with an order of their "KFC."    Our server, a lovely bilingual Korean woman, was surprised that I knew about banchan...and in seconds, out she came with a rolling cart (yes, there were that many), and began to set us up.  From potatoes with jalapenos, spinach bean curd pancakes, kimchee, sprouts, fishcake, seaweed and daikon, pickled radish - and more (there were at least 10) and they were all delicious.  The dolsot (stonepot) bipbimbap is such a treat...perfect for this weather...the egg was fresh and the yolk was still runny.  The beef had tremendous flavor.  Add chili sauce, stir, mmmmm  But then she brought out this ENORMOUS plate of chicken wings - with the bipbimbap, it's really more than 2 can eat, but we soldiered on...because...that's what we do...but it needed one thing to make it all perfect - Hite!So we shared a hite beer...and I've decided if I can get through the rest of the day without needing a nap, it will be a huge accomplishment.  We also came to the conclusion that not only will we go back again but we'd help spread the word... and instantly this has moved up to our #1 lunch treat...Don't expect to find Ma Dang on the door -- look at the reviewer's picture of the exterior -- see the word Garden?  That's what you need to look for -- it's down a few doors south from Birria Jalisco...  As the previous yelper said, it's a hidden gem.
1	I went here because 2 previous reviews were excellent. Went in with expectation that I was gonna get a warm hot meal after all day battling the gusty wind in Vegas strip. I ordered gal bi tang (beef stew like) which is supposed to be served hot, but it was lukewarm at best. The taste was plain - almost like it was watered down. Ok there was no taste. It was like beef in water. Portion was small although they gave me extra bowl of rice (for what??!). Service was good but slow at best.There are other korean restaurants in the plaza. I recommend trying somewhere else or avoid gal bi tang at all cost if you must come here.   I'm being very generous here by giving it a 1 star. 0 star from me if I could.
5	Wow this place is a-ma-zing! This is the closest Korean restaurant that comes close to my mom and my grandmas cooking. This place is located inside the shopping center and although the Commerical Center. The appearance of the store may look run down, the flavor of the soups and the soondae (Korean blood sausage) will keep you running back to this place. I came here with my boyfriend once and last weekend went back with my cousin. We were done with work and wanted some Korean soul food. you know spicy, hearty, rich soup bubbling as they bring it to your table. Then we dump in our bowl of rice and to lower the temperature of the soup you add in some daikon kimchee or whatever kimchee they have available with the juices. O-M-G my mouth just salivates describing my experience! The lady was super nice because they close at 10:30 and we got there at 10:45 wondering if they were still open, luckily since there were few customers eating she told us to come right in. How sweet! I ordered what is called 'clotted blood of cattle soup'... LOL... FYI the descriptions don't make things so appetizing, they literally translate the Korean title into English. But anyways, I dont like blood cubes in my soup so i told her not to put it in. instead she added more pieces of kalbi. My boyfriend ordered the soondae soup and cousin ordered sodobu (spicy tofu soup). Be careful when you tell her you want it spicy because its was the spiciest soup I've ever had! its delicious but if you really cant handle spicy, just order normal and let them figure out how to make it. Lastly, we shared a plate of soondae. Mmm there is absolutely no gaminess and it was so good. The blood sausage (which is eaten by most countries other than America) was stuffed with potato vermicelli clear noodles, green onions, garlic, black pepper and some other seasonings. This place its one of the few Korean restaurants that define what real Korean food is and not just the bbq. Try it out, the hole in the wall restaurant may just fill the hungry void that is in your tummy!
5	This is authentic Korean food just like Halmoni used to make. Skip the usual AYCE Korean BBQ and try some "home cooked" food. Their banchan is always changing and includes everything from kim chee to hot dogs with spicy peppers. The bulgogi and kalbi are both tasty, but their best dish is the spicy chucken (chicken) wings! These wings are covered in a delicious sweet and spicy sauce and are super crispy. The bimbimbap has a great taste and makes you feel like your eating a nice healthy meal. Also, they give you a giant bottle of hot sauce to spice it up. Don't forget to wash down your tasty meal with a bottle or five of Hite, one of my favorite lite beers!
5	I come here often because the service is so friendly and the food is so authentic and delicious.  I usually skip the BBQ cause its pricy but I did try the chicken wings due to a yelp recommendation and they were bomb! The Banchan is AWESOME and always a slightly different selection every time I go, All you can eat banchan of course! Did you know kimchi is one of the healthiest foods out there? eat a tonne, its good for health! I try to order something different each time I go, though there are a few dishes I can always rely on;  soon tofu, jap chae, or bibimbap. and kong Guksu on a summer day always hits the spot.  oh and don't forget to splurge for some soju!    Finding the spot might be tricky, so here's directions The restaurant is on the end of the middle strip of restaurants inside the commercial centre, and it doesn't say "Ma dang" on the door, it says "garden".
5	This little hole in the wall is a hidden gem. The chicken wings are made perfectly here.We got our wings to go this last time so I don't remember what the restrooms look like...Good food though!
3	Been feeling a need for some Korean food. Yelped it and made a choice to go to Ma Dang for the first time.The food was great. Kalbi, Korean fried chicken and Dolsoi Bi Bim Bap.The service was great. Very generous with the Bah chan. the only thing that I have any reservations on was the prices. Kalbi 17.99 KFC 17.99 BiBimBap 10.99.I dont feel that the food reflected the prices.  That is my caustionary comment.Three thick cut ribs for the Kalbi, a dozen pieces of chicken and a Medium size bowl for theBi Bim Bap should not reflect a 54.00 dollar bill.
3	First off, the service was great and the food and banchan were yummy and tasted like home cooking. I'm dinging the review for the seedy location in a strip mall with gangster night clubs. If you can't read Korean, you won't find this place because the sign is in Korean. Thankfully I can read it, but just a warning. It is located next to the Japanese Tokyo Restaurant, your landmark. We had the kalbi and seafood tofu soup which were both good.
3	Friendly people.  Japchae, $18.  OK, not great.
4	This hole in the wall is definitely a diamond in the rough. The banchan was amazing, the kimchee tasted spot-on. I had the bibimbap and kalbi. Although the kalbi wasn't as great as Morher's Grill, it was still damn good. I know the lady (aka ajuma in Korean) that works there and the service was friendly.However, a couple of things: as I previously stated, this place is a hole in the wall. You can see the age from the rickety tables and outdated TVs. The lights are dark because probably the lightbulbs are dying out. You would agree the place needs a total makeover. Although there's nothing wrong with the food itself, I feel like the surrounding environment really has a somewhat negative effect on your eating experience.Despite the bland decor the place is great for eating. I recommend their bibimbap!
4	Ma Dang had been bookmarked forever, but I finally got to try it last night.  I was joined by Jun A., a Korean student that I know from work, and Eric R.  The first part was finding it - I knew about it because I had seen "Ma Dang" on the restaurant in the past when dining at Komol.  However, it now says its name in Korean and then its translation "Garden" so I was not sure if that was the right place.  Luckily, Jun A. was already there when we walked in.They key is to come here with a Korean speaker.  The menu has all of its items in English but everything sounded so good I would not know where to start as a first-timer.  Jun A. ordered LA style beef short rib and spicy chicken stew for the table.Our server was very friendly and efficient.  Jun A. called out to her in Korean whenever we needed something, so we had great service.  We were the only ones in the restaurant initially but soon it had 3 other large groups of Korean eaters.  A rolling cart with banchan brought out 8 initial dishes: cabbage kimchi, radish kimchi, fish cake with jalepeno, potato with jalepeno, scallion pancake, plain bean sprouts, spicy sesame bean sprout, and broccoli with sweet chile paste.  Everything was delicious, with unlimited refills.  We also got a 9th banchan dish, very similar to dashimaki tamago in Japanese cuisine (layered egg crepe).  I really liked everything but was especially fond of the scallion pancake.Our beef ribs came out first on a sizzling plate with onions.  They were deliciously flavored and hot.  We each got a bowl of rice which was refilled on request (I am not sure if there was an additional charge for refills on rice though - don't think so).  Then, a table burner with the chicken stew arrived.  Once the stew boiled we were able to eat it.  Tender dark meat chicken, potatoes, and green onions in a spicy broth surrounded us with great scents.  We ladled the stew into bowls and ate it with rice.  The flavor was great, but the chicken needed work with hands and mouths to free it from bones.  It was hot so a few fingertips were burned, but it was worth the effort!I would definitely return.  There are some interesting menu items to try including monkfish, sable/black cod, and mackerel dishes that may be calling my name soon.
4	Good kimchi good bibimbap... It is hard to find because it doesn't say ma dang it says garden it's in the same side as Tokyo all you can eat.
4	Wow! I was not expecting such a great experience from this place. We came to eat here before our drive back to ca and I was a little sketched out by the appearance of the place but the food was so good and the service was great too, which can be rare at Korean restaurants sometimes. If the place itself was a little more updated, I would give this place a 5.I thought the prices were normal, not sure why that person thinks it was so overpriced. Five of us ate and we all left really happy. Food was good, service was good, and we didn't feel like crap after we ate. In fact, some of the soups are exactly what we wanted with our hangovers. Would definitely come back.
4	I had been to this restaurant a long time ago but for Korean BBQ when I recall they had built in grills at the table. We came here today in search of Korean Fried Chicken. Based on so many people talking about their  KFC here we came to try it. A. How to find it-  Done look for Ma Dang.  The sign on the restaurant is in Korean.  Just look for the blue sign and the word Garden.  It is on the East side of the inner rectangle of the Old Sahara Commercial Center.B. The menu -  The items will not say Korean Fried Chicken. Instead it will say spicy chicken and is located in the normal BBQ section for the food. We also ordered the Stone Bi Bim Bap and the Soondobu. All was just right, tasty and the chicken was the best. And exactly what was needed. The Soondobu had a bit of clams in it,  I did not think I ordered seafood soondobu, but jut plain soondobu.  So, just be careful if you have a seafood allergy to check if any seafood is in it. I personal liked it and if they had a seafood one, I would have ordered it.C. The service - First class, friendly and very attentive.  We were here for lunch and the lady spoke very good english overall!   Everyone was excited as they all had their televises tuned to the Korea v. Algeria game.  It was fun and exciting until Algeria scored three goals in like 20 minutes.We had to fly anyway as we were heading over to Art of Flavors and wanted to get there as they were opening.  This place is great.  I enjoy it very much. Very low key, in a decrepit old shopping center, very worn out and tired, but the food and the service is awesome.  This is going to be my go to Korean place.  Well, that is until I try E-Jo across the street in the future!GK says, check this place OUT!
5	SECRET GARDEN no moreMA DANG translated means garden. Just look for the only blue sign that reads Garden Korean Restsurant on the island block facing east in the Commerical Center. Or look for Komol Thai and the blue signage will be to their right.Sheet metal wintery dark interior is quite different from the nondescript white wash wooden exterior. Bench style seating is adequately comfortable with view of a flat screen with Korean Channel broadcast.The real strength are the six dishes of banchan before your entrees. Not stingy and very original in flavor together with deserving freshness. Not the typical cheap side dishes. Our entrees were the best Korean cuisine we have ever experienced in the valley.
4	Was a little nervous since the outside with the blue paint doesn't look too nice but thankfully the food was legit and delicious.
4	I could have done without the heavy cigarette smoke being sucked into the restaurant via some intake, but damn, the 8 banchan was good with my tofu stew! My Mother thoroughly enjoyed her cold noodles. The woman server was very sweet. This place was not easy to find, but it was worth looking for it. We'll definitely go again next time we are in LV.
5	Home style cooking. The chef used to have a place in LA. The deng jang jigae is pretty good, but the gop chang (intestine sausage),  fried dumplings and Korean pancakes are what really shines here. Plus service is so much better than the other more popular Korean restaurant in the other side of the center.
