1	If I could give this store a zero for customer service, I would.  We have been Safeway Club card members in California and Hawaii since they started the program.  We were happy to be able to use it at our now local Von's when we first moved here.  But we found we were using it less and less because their flowers wilted in a day, their instore bread is tasteless, their deli meats are not Boar's Head, and their produce is always a little wilted.But we were always roped into their "special" discounts -- spend $300 in a certain period and get a certificate for 10% to use in the next month.  A good deal!  Until they changed their program.  Yes, you still have to spend $300 but no more certificates.  Instead you get a discount on your VERY NEXT PURCHASE, even it is a dollar candy bar.  This caused us to spend our $300, but not shop in this store for three weeks, waiting for a huge purchase for a pool party we were having.  But what did we find?  NO DISCOUNT.  NONE.  The manager was snotty and unhelpful -- "Ah, call the 800 number.  It's all in the computer.  There is nothing I can do about it."  Well, yes, actually there is something you can do, jerk.  YOU can call the 800 number.  He did.  He gave us $20 and promised that ALL of our purchases for the next 90 days would be 10% off.  So we went today (not very hopefully) and guess what?  NO DISCOUNT.  And again with the attitutude,  "Yeah, I remember you.  No there is nothing that I am going to do."  And there is nothing that we can do either except to tell everyone to AVOID this store.  Boycott Safeway/Von's in general until they hire MANAGERS with real authority to fix problems and not just chat up the lady behind the dry cleaning counter.
1	I hate 1 star reviews, but this place really earns it. I went to pick up a couple of produce items so I could cook dinner for my grandfather who I have been staying with. The produce made me very sad. I needed to pick up some tomatos so I walk to the tomato area. I know they are out of season but I still have a few expectations. Most of the space was bare and the few tomatos they had were either hard and pale or with black rotten spots. I then noticed some organic heirloom tomatos. I found 2 that were alright, they still had soft spots but I am making sauce, so they worked. A few of the other tomatos were totally rotten and/or moldy. I still had to pay full price for these sub-par specimens. The only thing that did not look off in the produce was the prepackaged Safeway brand. Overall, don't come here for produce, you will be greatly disappointed. Trader Joe's down the street will treat you right.
4	dont know what all the bad reviews are about ! they have never not had what i needed ! i have gone there at 1:30 in the morning for something and when i could not find it they stoped stockong shelves and helped me right get what i need . when shoping with wife there we get freash produce & meat . you need the latest magazine , there it is !! gift cards they have them also.
1	I completely hate this place. Being that the Anthem community is so removed from Eastern, it appears that this Vons is very aware of the slight monopoly they have based on their close location.  Every time I go in here I pay way more than I would have paid at Smiths (even with my Vons loyalty card) and on top of that I can NEVER find at least half the things I need. Naturally, I save all my Vons trips for "emergency" cooking situations where I don't have the time to make it down to Smiths and back. Even then I would rather go to CVS than Vons because 1. Vons is expensive, 2. I can never find the stuff I need, and 3. If I do find it, it's located clear over on the opposite end of the store. For those interested, this Vons does have a Kosher foods section. However, I couldn't care less because I'm not Jewish and I don't see why the Kosher section is located front and center when you walk in. Seriously, it would be way more convenient as a bread, cheese, milk, eggs, pasta or canned foods aisle. You know, the kinds of foods that most everyone uses most often and might need to walk in and grab in a hurry.
4	I'm not sure why all of the negative reviews.  Every time I come to this store, I am always asked if I need any assistance.  I find the people behind the meat counter and in the produce department very friendly.  I will say that this is not my normal place for grocery shopping as I do find it pretty spendy  I do occasionally find some great deals though!  I come in to fill prescriptions when I need them.   The staff there is great too and knowledgeable.
5	I live 1/2 mile from this store. The other reviews here are out of date. They remodeled the place a few months ago. When they did, I was irritated as I had to re-learn the whole place. Trust me, I have had issues with this store and some of the lame help they have had there many times in the past to the point I refused to go there for months. That said, they have made very significant improvements since then. For example, I actualy bougt a USDA Prime steak there last week. No regular store here has that. I even found octopus in the frozen seafood dept. NOBODY has anything that "sophisticated' here. Don't get me wrong, I know that almost nobody around here coupld give a rat's bum about octopus, but it it is nevertheless telling about how they are really trying to upograde the selections there. Importantly, they moved the liquor to the regular isles from the stupid loclked up in the front area. Now you can buy anything you want 24/7  without any hassle. They greatly improved the wine selection and the availability of the bottles from the past, when they had only two of each. Trust me readers, I would be the first guy to thow this place under the bus because they have P'd me off a million times. But finally they are doing all the right things. Only beef I have is that thestill wait way too long in the AM to put out fresh bread. Once they wise up enough to fix that I will be a complete fan. If you live near here I strongly reccomend you give them one last try.
2	I like Von's. When I lived in California, it was our grocery chain of choice, but this store, it left me underwhelmed.  The layout was confusing, the store employees (Save one) Seemed to not give a care over what was going on.  I understand that they've recently re-done the store and unfortunately, they've not done it so it's easy to understand, things that should be near by, aren't. Things that don't go together, are clumped near by. All in all, it felt disrupted and way too cluttered in the aisles.  Every time there were more than two carts, it really felt as if there was a major traffic back up. I .. if this were the store I had to use? I would find a different location. Oh! And the Slot machines in the lobby... that floored me.
2	Eeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.I was in the Seven Hills/Anthem area because I was at my parent's house. Knowing that I needed items for dinner tonight, I decided to stop at this Vons instead of another store in my neighborhood. I usually don't do Vons, because they are pricey. But, it was close, and I love their bread that they bake in store.First off, parking lot is packed. I parked far away, to avoid any friction. I know that this is an older neighborhood, and the elders are not very welcoming...to the younger folks. Or maybe it is just my flaming red hair and tattoos so they thought I was a prostitute or something...Any person that I said "I'm going to sneak past you, " or "I'm right behind you" (because they were taking up the whole freaking soup isle) seemed quite annoyed, and unpleasant.They see one another (from the senior center I guess...?) and stop....in the middle of isles, and every where else in between to have conversations....long, drawn out, gossip of the day, conversations.This made it quite difficult to navigate, and of course, there's always that certain person (who has their head up their ass) on their phone, paying no attention to any body or anything.While cart surfing through the crowd, making sure my daughter doesn't eat anything that she isn't suppose to (like drink stirrers that some ass decided to leave in the cart), I pick up the items that I need. I thankfully find some organic broth(s) on sale (with card) 2 for $5. I pick up my veggies, canned tomatoes ,dry lentils and sour dough bread. Might I add, that Vons bakery bread is some of the best that I've ever had.I love bread.Annnnyyyyways, I get to check out and the four lanes that they have open are backed up. And EVERYONE is bitching about it. Like, O M G, the world is going to end. People are frantically asking their shopping partners if they have 15 items to go to the "express" lane. Others are huffing and puffing about how someone else has "too many" things.....Seriously? Shut it gramps.I treat myself to a Mountain Dew while the employees are paging over and over again for help to the front. The man in front of me is having trouble using the debit card machine. Instead of helping him, the employee just waits for him to figure it out on his own..... How sweet.I spent almost $30 on broth, a loaf of bread, (loose & cheaper than the packaged ones) veggies,a bag of lentils, canned tomatoes, and a mountain dew. I feel like I was robbed.Next time, I'll just keep driving.....and pray that I turn out to be a fun, badass, nice grandma one day.
5	I absolutely love this Vons.  Its the closest grocery store if you live in the coventry/seven hills area and it has everything.  They're open 24/7 which is probably my favorite part so if you have any late night cravings or whatever, you'll know you can come here for it.They just remodeled the produce and hygiene section of the store and it looks great.  The structure of the produce section is organized where you have your fruits in the center, produce on the side and organics located along the side as well.  They have specials throughout the week on specific items, just look for the yellow tags indicating the lower price on that item.  The hygiene/health/medicine section is awesome.  They have a machine to measure eye acuity, blood pressure/ heart rate, BMI and other things.  Well lit and you can find everything you would need for beauty and health in this area.  There is a wide array of beer to select from that is all kept in the cooler.  Wide selections of wines in this particular vons probably due to the demographics of the area appealing to the upper tax bracket.  The sushi seems old so i'd opt out of that.  Also the seafood and meat as well aren't particularly fresh either.Starbucks inside the store with a pretty awesome deli.  I always get their fried chicken and potato wedges. SO GOOD!Overall: I love this Vons.  Its been my go to for everything especially since there is not a closer grocery store in the Seven Hills area.
5	I don't live in Anthem/Seven Hills, but I drive out of my way past 3 other big grocery stores to go to this store. It's super clean, never overly busy, and the food is truly fresh. Granted, yes, Vons as a chain tends to run a little pricier than discount grocery stores. So, I don't buy everything here. But, I'm always very happy with its produce selections. I've never had any issue with customer service, and find the employees very helpful and pleasant.The #1 reason I go to this store, though, is: Grass-fed beef...for a lot less than at Whole Paycheck (plus, the Vons beef is actually grass-finished, not grain-finished like at Whole Paycheck). They have a really big selection of grass-fed cuts. Some are spendier than others; I stick to the less expensive ones since they're higher in fat and the fat is both healthy and tasty. But every once in a while, I'll splurge on a few grass-fed ribeyes for the husband (and me, who am I kidding?). They're worth every penny! I've met everyone who works at the butcher's counter, and they're all very helpful. Some are more knowledgeable than others, but grass-fed is pretty niche so that's to be expected.
2	I hate grocery shopping. Had to get something to take to a get together and Von's was on the way. I should have just went back down the hill to whole foods. The fruit was not that good. But I guess you get what you pay for.
3	I'm torn on this review. The staff is extraordinarily friendly and helpful; however, you have to watch the baggers here. I've shopped at the store for 2 years and almost monthly they forget to bag something and I end up going back for it.
5	The store is one of the best in the city. They have a terrific selection of organic and natural produce and meats. The staff is always super friendly from the stockers, to the checkers and all.
