4	this location is Not closed..i dont know why it says it is, you also cannot check in here..but go anyways, you really cant beat the pollo here.
2	For being in the nicer part of town this place was kind of dumpy. I happened to spot it while on the look out for a decent place to grab a quick bite to eat during my lunch hour. It's actually located in the Albertson's shopping center.When I went in the place looked disheveled. The salsa bar had not been wiped down, there was drippings everywhere. It looked as though the dining area had not been wiped down either. Next, I wanted to keep on their "value menu" so I ordered a taco al carbon, which they are pretty good. I also ordered the value menu side salad. I specifically said "side salad", which to me would indicate the fact I want a SIDE SALAD. Well, I didn't get a side salad, the cashier charged me for the salad that is $3.49. I didn't realize it until I sat down and looked at my receipt. But by this time I was just like, "Eff it, I'll eat a bigger salad". Nothing wrong with more veggies in my opinion.Food - eeehhh. The salad was not cold like a salad should be. It was kind of strange temperature-wise, like maybe the salad had been siting out and someone forgot to put it back into cool-storage. Or maybe they're running their temps for the salad prep station too high. Either way, it was not good.I'd say be wary of the salad items here... something fishy is going on...
5	Ok, first let me just remind everyone that this is fast food.  So by giving this 5 stars, I am not saying it's some sort of gourmet restaurant.  As far as fast food goes, I feel like this place is one of the best.  Everything I have eaten here has been excellent.  I especially lik ethe newer burritos.  They have a spicy chipotle burrito that is especially good.  I recommend the chicken nachos, but you should eat in for those because they use a queso cheese that will qucikly make the chips soggy if you take it to go.  They have a salsa bar with this delicious avocado salsa, as well as hot and mild salsas.  I also like the fact that almost every week I get coupons in the mail from El Pollo Loco which helps me save some money.  The chicken is flavorful, the portions are high, and the cost is about the same as anywhere else.  If I had any complaints it would be that the seating in this particular place is a little tight.
3	I love me some Pollo Loco, but this location is S.L.O.W! I came here around 1:45 thinking the lunch rush would be over by then but the line for the drive-thru still looked quite daunting. I decided to wait it out anyway since I was craving some of their spicy avocado salsa. I waited in the line a good 15 minutes before I got my food and was on my way back to work. Not horrible, but still a little longer than you would expect from a fast food drive thru during off hours. Service was still friendly and efficient once I actually got to the window.
2	Here is the deal - I love El Pollo Loco in general.  We eat their chicken often, but this place is consistently slow, slower than the other locations - and it was really bad tonight.  So bad, I had to write about it.  I waited in the middle of the drive through line (where I was stuck, or I would have left) for 20 minutes because they ran out of chicken.  I was getting fairly frustrated and was considering never coming to this location again EXCEPT the drive through guy was so nice and apologetic.  I didn't take it out on him - he was just the messenger - but he was immediately apologetic, gave us 10% off and a free side.  He was doing the best he could.  If the owner of this chain happens upon this review, I hope he/she will take some time to properly thank the young man who was doing what any owner hopes employees will do - care about the customer.
1	I've been to almost all of the locations in Las Vegas and this location is the worst. Just went there today and the food was awful. Management seems to not care about  quality of food or the manner in which it is delivered. I've been here multiple times and it just seems to be getting worse. Today was the last time I will ever go to this location.
2	Everytime I have gone here I always say I am going to a different one. But, I come back for the convienece  they are  just down the street. They are always out of Flan even first thing when they open they don't have it. My shells to my chicken tacos are always broken and lately lots of grissel in my taco. The staff isn't really nice either. They care more of talking to each other than taking my order or even my money to pay. I need to stick to my words and go to the one on Silverado Ranch they are nice and always have what I want.
2	* sigh*I don't understand how it's possible for service to be this bad!? Every time. It never fails. When coming to this location you have to be prepared for either A. Waiting a ridiculous amount of time for your food or for drive-thru line to move or B. expect your order to be incorrect. These people have selective hearing or they just don't care. Very annoying!
4	Favorite chicken spot of all the chains. The marinade is awesome. Grilled so it feels healthy. The toppings n sauces n salsas are a huge bonus. Their fire grilled corn side is so good!!! Avocado chicken burrito is fantastic. I'm definitely craving el pollo for dinner!!!
3	Pretty good food here, first time in and the food was good and fresh. It is in the same lot as Tuesday Morning so I am sure I will be back!
3	Yummy flame broiled corn
3	Ok so I keep coming back but, now I go later in the afternoon and usually only order a side salad and a crunchy chicken taco. They always get my order right and have my salsa in the bag as well.The meal is always good and wishing I had more :)They still have an issue of not having any Flan. All I can say if you NEVER have it take it off the menu.
5	The wait at the drive thru is RiDAMNdiculous, so long you would think they are slaughtering the chicken back there or cooking them with the Damn sunlight(This is Vegas-that  last scenario is perfectly plausible). However the food is off the chain.Loco chicken doesn't get better than this.I recommend this particular branch highly just bring a work Tablet and get some graphs done while  waiting in the driving thru. Two thumbs up from me-Loco for you El Pollo Loco!
3	Drive Thru was fast and friendly
5	Popped in at 9pm tonight, Joseph was courteous and friendly, and made my experience feel personal and welcoming!!! He exceeded all my expectations, and anticipated all my needs BEFORE I even asked. He helped me through the ordering process with a smile and great attitude. My meal was perfect. Hot. Correct. AndDelicious. I will be returning to this location.
5	I'm in love with the tacos al carbon and the chicken avocado burrito, for fast food chain I think these are better than your typical mom and pop burrito shops. If you haven't had one I'd recommend you go try it. El Pollo loco has come a long way
1	Came in for lunch today.  The counter girl Erica was short with me when I placed my order.  They were out of small cups so she wanted me to pay more for a medium or large drink.  When I refused, she went to her manager.  The manager went to the register and hit small drink and said "whatever" under her breath.  Erica took my money, slapped the cup on the counter and looked past me to the next person.  To top it all off, I ordered chips with my order and got tortillas.  This is not the way my retail stores treat their customers.  I won't return here.
2	This was my first time at a El Pollo Loco, I don't know if it was this shop or all of them, but was not impressed at all. Chicken was soo over cooked it was like sawdust ... The skin was good though.   The Mac and cheese tastes like it came from a can.. Only reason I gave the extra star was because the girl who took my order was very friendly
