5	Best Italian in Charlotte!  Try the Fra Diavlo sauce if you like hot - you can get it without the shrimp - actually they will accomodate any changes with a smile.  Wine is reasonable and service is impeccable - great place - Rick the owner only hires the best!
4	Best Italian in Charlotte? Debatable. But it's pretty darn good. They are definitely in my rotation of go-to pizza spots. The portions and ingredients are good. I will agree they have excellent service. The interior isn't anything special but it's not an eyesore either. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood and you shan't be disappointed.Edit: They do not serve pizza by the slice. I definitely thought it was important to note that.
3	Riccio's is a family restaurant.  It has a great neighborhood feel, the owner has been there on every visit. The food doesn't wow me, but it is a great place to grab something to eat moderately priced.We had pizza, two good things to mention, it is thin crust and they aren't heavy on the toppings.  It is a very balanced pizza.   I ordered a glass of wine, it was just bad all together, the glass had an odor, the wine tasted horrible, so I asked the waitress to get me another glass of something different.  The second one wasn't any better.   I think I will stick to ordering by the bottle or drinking beer.  Other than that, we had a fun evening.  Service is always tops.
4	Was here last night with the boyfriend after hearing a million friends rave about this place.  It was not crowded for a Wednesday night but while we were there four different pickup orders were processed so I see that it is a local favorite.  We had the Stracciatella Romana soup which is fancy Italian for delicious broth based soup with spinach, romano and I swear I saw some chives in there.  It was 4 bucks and completely delicious making me wish I hadn't insisted we share.  For dinner, I had the Tortolloni Bellagio - I dont like tortellini at all but our super waitress recommended it so I said 'Sure'!  When it comes out you just have to be ok with the fact that you will weigh ten pounds more just looking at it.  It was heavy cream sauce with chicken and mushrooms  - delicious.  My boyfriend got the Chicken Parm which comes with a side of pasta.  I wish I had gotten that - the chicken breast was the size of his plate and the marinara was perfection.  During the meal they also bring you these ridiculously mouth-watering 'garlic knots' or 'garlic rolls' which are hot out of the oven.  That is probably why I could only eat three bites of my heavy meal and claim I was full.  We were out of there for around 30 bucks and it was worth every penny since we will have a ton of leftovers for tonight!!  I am definitely going back to try their famous pizza too!!  :-)
4	Oh Riccio's how I adore thee!  If you are looking for some good Italian fare then you should try this place out.  I've never gotten anything in here that was bad and most of the entrees are wonderful.It's worth a trip there for the complimentary garlic knots alone...yum!!  I give them a solid 4 stars because while the food is great it's not really 5 stars great.  Also the atmosphere in the restaurant isn't the best in the world but considering it's in an older strip mall they are doing pretty good.I haven't tried the pizza before but they seem to sell a lot of them and the wait staff and owners are always super friendly.
5	I had the Tortolloni Bellagio without mushrooms, and it was RIDICULOUSLY GOOD.  Oh my gosh is was some of the best pasta I'd ever had.  It did taste kind of like really good macaroni and cheese but it was of the gods it was so cheesy and delicious.  My friend had spaghetti with marinara sauce.  The marinara sauce tasted kinda strange, so it was just ok.  The garlic knots they serve you for appetizers are delicious as well.  This place is definitely off the  beaten path and most people wouldn't know about it.  Thankfully, it came recommended by a native Charlotte person as I moved here recently.
5	I love this place. The kids always get the pasta and my wife and I usually get the pizza, although my wife likes to explore the menu, and she has yet to find anything she didn't like. As for me, I keep getting the pizza... it's fabulous, so why change?The restaurant was recently redecorated and it looks great. Even with the new ambiance, it is a great place for the kids.The garlic knots are great and the service is great.
5	Still a huge fan 2 years later - they have recently updated the interior - has a really warm and fuzzy feeling now - Tanya is the best!  Great wine prices and the food is still 4-star - love this place!
5	Here we have one of my Favorite, probably most favorite places to get Pizza!  The dinning room is comfortable and the service is relaxed and friendly.  The Salad Dressing is very good!
5	The best Italian delivery! Large portions and always good. Super fast delivery and staff excellent at handling orders. Salads are fresh. Which is hard to find in a restaurant that delivers.
5	OK, so not sure it deserves 5 stars- probably more like a 3 in another City- I ordered the fish with alfredo sauce which sounds gross but is AWESOME.  The manacotti is really dissappointing.  I adore manacotti and was really sad it wasnt good, a friend had told me that it wasnt good here but I ordered it anyway- yuk. Riccios- if you hear this please revist this recipe and you could have a once a weeker in me.  Seriously- if you do change it send me a message and Ill yelp you again and spread the Riccios gospel.  BUT Im giving it 5 stars because they have excellent pizza- fish romano and DELIVERY!!!!!  Seriously Charlotte- WTF here, why does no one in this town deliver in the Southpark area??  So kudos to you for that.  Plus the delivery guy is great, really stands out!
5	Only place we go for pizza locally
5	Riccio's has been redone on the inside. Really nice! They did a nice job. Only thing I would say is at twilight I couldn't tell if it was open from the parking lot.The service is, as usual, great and the food is consistent and good.
4	So happy to have Riccio's in the Touchstone neighborhood. You know the movies or TV shows with the local pizza joint that families always go to after soccer games or church? Enter Riccio's. It may be a little hard to locate in the corner of the shopping center off of Baybrook, but once you find it, it's easy to tell it's a gem. A quaint interior with tables and booths and plenty of smiling faces. My wife and I stumbled in to pick up a pizza and garlic knots. The service was so fast! Ready in less than 15 minutes!Let me take this opportunity to blow your mind. Eggplant Parmesan pizza. Yes. Commence drooling. Fried eggplant, marinara and gratuitous amounts of mozz on a pizza. Holy cow. Amazing. Chewy eggplant with a light layer of seasoned breading. The garlic knots were the best I've had to date. Not coated in grease like so many other places. Dusted with garlic powder and finishes with a welcoming chew. The dough is wonderful. Great for sopping up extra marinara!So happy to have finally visited Riccio's! Can't wait to head back to our new little neighborhood pizza place!
5	Enjoyed eating here.  It is definitely tucked away, in the corner of Touchstone Shopping Center.  The outside is very nondescript and the interior is small but nice.  It took a while to get served drinks, but we walked in behind two larger parties. From there service was fast and friendly.  Had salmon in a pesto cream sauce served over pasta. Yum, two large pieces of fish in a delicious sauce...took half home.  Barbecue chicken pizza was yummy...nice crust, tangy sauce...took half home.  Manicotti & Lasagna, hot, baked, and tasty...took more than half home. Obviously serving sizes are very generous.My favorite was the garlic knots.  Yeasty, warm and delicious.This is worth a repeat!
5	Great service!! My boyfriend and I went to Riccio's for takeout. Since it was our first visit we asked for recommendations from the Riccio's staff. We ended up sharing a caesar salad (really big, definitely share-able), he ordered Tortolloni Bellagio and I got the daily special, Portabello Ravioli. It was SO good. Very creamy and rich. Excellent comfort food. The Bellagio was the standout. We were licking the takeout container after we finished. Sad that I lived in the area for more than 2 years before finding this authentic Italian ristorante. I HIGHLY recommend. Good for date night, dinner with the parents and takeout.
5	Fantastic.  I was in Charlotte with my son for a scout event the next day and did not want to go to a chain restaurant.  Found Riccio's on Yelp and was so glad I did.  He had a small pizza, which had a perfect crust and left me drooling.  I had chicken parm and they did it perfectly, great sauce, good consistency, perfectly cooked.  Friendly but efficient service made it the perfect evening.  Would go back to Charlotte just to go to Riccio's.
5	I have known for quite a while that Riccios was tucked away in the Touchstone shopping center  (along with Tuesday Morning and the Touchstone Yellow Rose) but haven't bothered going before now because I thought it was just another super casual pizza joint. So, when we saw the recent Groupon deal, we decided to go and check it out.  Needless to say, we were suprised when we walked in the door last Friday night and found the place jam-packed with people.  It was standing room only! However, Ricky found a spot for us to have a seat on some barstools back by the kitchen while we waited .  We waited no more than 5 -10 minutes and then were taken to our table.We decided to start with an order of calamari and garlic knots.  The calamari was breaded and cooked just right - not rubbery or chewy. The marinara sauce was fresh and tasty.  The garlic knots were seasoned to perfection and quite tasty.  Our server was very helpful in answering our questions about various menu items. It was a tough decision though because they had a nice selection of pastas, pizzas, and entree favs like chicken parm, chicken marsala, eggplant parm, etc.I was really torn between the vegetable lasagna and the Tortolloni Bellagio.  I ended up with the tortelloni which was served in a cream sauce with sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, garlic, and chicken (around $15).  It was very good, but rather rich, so next time I think I'll check out the veggie lasagna or one of the pizzas.  (I saw several other tables with pizzas that looked really good.) Other people in my party ordered veal marsala (around $18), chicken parm (around $16), and chicken francaise (around $16).  I thought the chicken parm & chicken francaise (similar to chicken piccata) both looked good. Since I don't eat veal, I thought that dish looked icky. ;-)  One of our friends had a birthday so we ordered a dessert to share and of course, had to go with the tiramisu. It was good - perfect texture and flavor. Overall, I was pleasantly suprised about our entire experience here. The food was good, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was friendly & comfy.  We ended up spending a little more than expected we would (the bill came to around $100 before tip for 4 entrees, 1 appetizer, 1 dessert, and 3 beers) but the place was still reasonably priced.  We are definitely looking forward to our next visit.Ricky came by to chat with us and we found out this is the same Riccios that was originally in Myers Park (started by Ricky's family) and then was over at Strawberry Hill for a while.  Long time Charlotteans may remember Riccios from one of the previous locations.  In any case, we hope they stay in this location for a long, long time!  Oh, and as a bonus, we found out they deliver to our neighborhood, so SCORE for those nights when we're too lazy to cook or go out!
5	The best pizza in town in my opinion.  If you like a good medium crust pizza with just a bit of chew to the crust then this is for you.  The toppings are also fresh.  They have a full menu of Italian fare and it's all good.  Very friendly staff and perfect ambiance for what it is.
5	If you want Italian, this is an amazing place to go. The lasagna was delicious. It was a stuffed lasagna, which isn't my favorite, as I like a lot more noodles, but it more than made up for it by being incredible.
4	Excellent food & service for a great price! We used a groupon and ordered garlic knots, calamari, and a large pizza (don't judge) everything was super fresh and delicious tasting. Their calamari is awesome...and so is the marinara it is served with. The portions are quite big so we had plenty to take home. The knots and calamari is enough for  a quick/inexpensive meal for two. The atmosphere is nice enough for a date, but casual/relaxed enough to pop in with the entire family. I wish it was a little closer to my house but when I am in the area I will definitely come back!
5	I do love Riccio's.Back when we lived across the street (literally) from this little gem, we would walk over and pick up pizzas on the regular. Brought my dad when he visited from out of town. It's super small, run by friendly folks, and generally a wonderful hole in the wall location to grab a pizza. (It's in a strip mall next to Tuesday Morning and various other shops...oh, and the ever divey Touchstone Rose bar.)My favorite item on the menu is the eggplant parmesan pizza. Sounds like a disaster waiting to happen, but it's sheer perfection. Gooey cheese coupled with battered, thin-sliced eggplant and red sauce. When I'm hungry, it's what I crave. Can't stop eating...and a large pizza is gone in no time when split between the Mr and me.I really appreciate that these guys put as much love into a take-away pizza as they do if you're dining in-house. The garlic knots are also winners.I've never had a bad experience with Riccio's. So if you're in south Charlotte and looking for something to delight and surprise you with pizza goodness, look no further than Riccio's.
5	Hell, I'll go ahead and give Riccio's five stars, even though we had to wait awhile for our food! Read on to find out why.Visited Riccio's this past Friday night. Arrived at 6:45 and were seated by 7. Ordered 2 pasta dishes, lasagne and manicotti, as well as some garlic knots. Prices seemed very good. Restaurant ambiance was nice. Wait staff was quite friendly.The only issue was that our food took roughly 45 minutes to come out.In that time though, our waitress took care of us. She dropped another 6 garlic knots off at our table, when she saw things were going long. We ordered another round of beers just before our food came. We'd been hoping to just have one beer with dinner but when you're waiting for 45 minutes, you get thirsty.Our food finally did come, and I went from peeved to purely thrilled. The tomato sauce is different from anything I've ever tasted and the cheese on the top of the manicotti was crisped in such a way that it was nearly a light crust. I ate every single bite, even though I had eaten far too many garlic knots before it arrived. My meal was unreal. Was it "Italian Authentic"? I don't know. I've been to Italy three times and have never had manicotti that tasted this delicious so maybe it's not "authentic" but it's what I loved. That's all that mattered.When we got our check I was kind of surprised at the cost. Surprised in that it was less than I had expected. Not only had our waitress comped our second round of garlic knots, she also comped our second round of beers because she had to wait longer than usual.It's unusual you find a "long standing tradition" kind of place that's "family run" but is also this friendly and this generous. Riccio's is all of that, and to top it off the food is phenomenal - easily the best in Charlotte. The waitress explained that our long wait was an aberration due to a whole flurry of pizzas that took up the oven right before we ordered. I don't think it's a common problem, and I can't complain after all they did for us. We will be back.
5	I bought a groupon deal for Riccio. The eggplant parmesan pizza is amazing and it has the best garlic roll.  If you want real Italian food, Riccios's is the place you want to go. It has plenty of parking space you can park. A great place for family to eat. Friendly staff.
5	Excellent Italian food for a very reasonable price.  The menu is a collection of simple classics, but the execution is what sets a place like Riccio's apart from the Italian chains.  Terrific service too.  We will be back.
5	Been about six months since we were last there. Food and service remain great! And they have upgraded their dinning room - looks classier. They are also going to expand and add some outdoor dining. Wish they were closer to home!
5	Garlic knots, is all that needs to be said.  Half a dozen for 2 bucks!!!!
5	I can't say enough good things about Riccio's. I love it!!! I have been going there since I was a kid and nothing changes so delicious and never disappoints! Hidden gem!
3	I visited Riccio's for the first time after a coworker recommended it. She raved about the pizza so we tried it. I must say it wasn't my favorite pizza ever. It was a veryyyyy thin crust pizza with a sweet sauce.  As we waited for our takeout the owner or manager came by and greeted us. He was very friendly and thanked us for coming in. I think next time I will try something other than pizza.
4	This was my second time here.  Service was great and my water was kept full.  I ordered the special of the day: portabella mushroom ravioli with choice of sauce.  I decided to be demanding and asked for 1/2 alfredo 1/2 marinara.  They put the sauces in bowls and allowed me to sauce it myself.My friends mostly got the special as well, except one person got a greek pizza.  It looked really good.  I enjoyed the ravioli, but my friends weren't too keen on it.they have a bar opening soon from what they were saying so Riccio's is expanding.
2	Maybe I'm very particular. It was just ok. Nothing to write home about. Calamari were nicely done and tender. Tomato Sauce had a nice flavor. Our baked clams were way over done and my chicken Parm was toasted and covered up with sauce. Not horrible but the quality control wasn't there. The staff was very nice and attentive. I didn't return anything as I was starving so I just ate. I think I will try it again just to see if it was an off night. My dinner partners all said the same just ok. They wouldn't go out of the way to come there but all were willing to give it another shot. So net net all were ok with it.
2	Had high hopes for this place but sadly was very disappointed. The calamari was super dry and flavorless. The garlic knots are OK, but again dry and very little flavor. I actually do prefer mine with somewhat of a light butter on them (not soaking in butter or oil, just a little). Penne Elizabeth didn't have much flavor and I can't even remember the name of the 2nd dish we ordered which tells you how great it was. I did like the ceasar dressing. Would like to give this place another try just because of all the great reviews. Food did take awhile to receive and the place was packed on a Sunday evening so heads up during football season.
4	We found this restaurant on yelp.  Service was very good.  Waitress was friendly, attentive and made great suggestion on the meal - go with the tomato cream sauce.  And the garlic knots were spectacular! Don't let them being a second basket or you'll eat them.
4	The expanded location is very nice. The food is just as great as it ever was.  I am a huge fan of pizza and Riccio's version should not be missed. Although pleasant, the service was painfully slow, but that's what you get going out on a Friday evening.
3	Nice little Italian Restorante' We shall return someday..........
4	So this little place...A friend and I had dinner here on 2/2/14. He had been before, I had not. Apparently they expanded the restaurant which I think was a smart move. I noticed they had a small bar as well...not sure if this was because they now had the space but good for them! As soon as we walked in we were acknowledged, greeted and seated quickly. Immediately thereafter our drink order was taken and things only got better! The friendly server, Gabriella was pleasantly eager to take our order. We ordered salads, lasagna and garlic rolls. I ordered veggie lasagna. The salads were delicious. Just the right size. The lasagna was also very good. I'd never tried vegetable lasagna so I can't really compare, but the noodles were right, the sauce was right and yummy yum. Again, a great portion for the price. The atmosphere was very family oriented and everyone seemed very pleased.Orders were flying out of the kitchen, the staff were managing it very well and seemed to work well together. The owner, Mr. Riccio working right along with everyone, came across like a nice guy and someone who valued every customer that graced his entrance. A great place for a cozy Italian dinner. Great job Mr. Riccio, I'll be back!
1	My husband and I ordered pizza and garlic knots togo last night and were completely underwhelmmed with the quality of both. Nothing about either item seemed fresh or homemade. The garlic knots were very close to being burnt on top, but were raw in the middle.. which likely means they were FROZEN and placed in the oven to bake.. We attempted to finish cooking them ourselves, but in the end we just threw them away. The pizza crust was flavorless and seemed generic.. reminded me of school pizza but with better toppings. The prices for this place match local pizzerias such as mellow mushroom, fuel and tony's in Ballantyne - however the quality and flavor does NOT.  I felt like I completely wasted my money.
1	The place is somewhat hidden inside a village. It seems like it is more of a family restaurant.Garlic bread was served and it was salty and the garlic flavoring was overpowering.   Calamari for apettizer was not even enticing. Bland and the marinara dip was lacking in flavor, too. And came the entree. I made a mistake of ordering the shrimp marinara because it was the same sauce that came with the calamari. But how could i have known, we order the apettizer the same time with the entree. It was lacking that fresh italian herb and spices flavor. Although it was sprinkled with dried parsley and oregano on top. And it came with a ton of pasta! The chicken marsala was the only thing that tasted nice. I was disappointed, to say the least. It was out-of-the-freezer and out-of-the-can taste. I might as well reheat my Ragu.
5	Riccio's has been a tradition for my husband and I for as long as we have been together (almost 10 years). When Touchstone Village used to have a Food Lion in it, and a video store, he lived in the neighborhood behind it, and would walk from his house. Cue his current best friend that moved in 2 doors down when he was 7 and they would ride their bikes up there every weekend. Needless to say, our group of 4 is recognized when we come in. I know the original two waitresses have literally watched my husband and his friend grow up, and consistently order the same thing (garlic knots, house salads, and pizza). Even now we still order the same garlic knots, salad, and pizza, albeit our group is a bit larger. The food has never disappointed. The salads are always "the best house salads" ever, and the pizza is always fresh from the oven in less than 15 minutes even with a packed house. Although with recent renovations, the place has grown, and had a face lift this is still the family restaurant we have known and loved for years. You are always greeted with a smile, the owner will always be there and converse with every table, and you will always leave full and satisfied.
4	The food is delicious! Very traditional Italian, loved it. I had the Lasagna it was very good, my husband had the sausage and peppers with spaghetti, wow they had so many sausages in it, and it was awsome. This is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte so far.
5	One of our favorite places to eat! We meet friends there regularly, and treat ourselves during the week. DO NOT MISS THE LASAGNA! It is rich and hot! Large house salad with chicken is very generous!
5	My favorites: Chicken Marsala, house salad and garlic rolls... Love, love, love, great delivery service, food and atmosphere...
5	This is the best neighborhood establishment you could hope for. Staff is friendly and helpful. Food is always fresh and consistent. I never been disappointed, and neither will you.
5	Riccio's now has a great new loyalty program called BELLY!  Sign up and start earning rewards for great food and appetizers. Belly up ! We have been enjoying Riccio's since 1994. It is absolutely the best quality Italian food in town.
5	I tried this restaurant with a friend and I had the spaghetti.  It was delicious.  The waitress was great too.  The prices weren't high either.  All I have to say about this restaurant is positive.  I will be going back for sure and you would be wise to check it out for yourself.  We went around 5:30 p.m. and it was very quiet.S. Cooper
5	This place is hidden in a strange stripmall. Walking in, I sure wasn't expecting much. Let me tell you, this place rivals places that I have eaten in Italy. The food is great. We have been here multiple times and will be back. Extremely good and authentic Italian.
5	One of my favorite places.   Good service.  Good food.  And I especially like the crayons and paper table cover to write on. Hangman or tic-tac-toe are good fun while the food is prepared.  Kazoo bbq pizza is awesome
2	Pizza is average at best. Dough is chewy and sauce tastes from a can. Garlic knots were okay but could be better. I really can't seem to find a good pie in Charlotte.
3	I had a chance to visit a few days before the New Year and had mixed feelings after leaving. First, the place was incredibly busy when we walked in...don't mind waiting.Took a while for our waters to come out...not a problem. Waited a while for the waitress to take our order....ok, i had great company so we will let it slide. However, the waitress communication with us when she did take our order was a bit choppy. When she did give us attention it was very minimal and I felt a bit unsatisfied with the experience. Calamari was solid along with the pizza we ordered.It seems like they have their regulars and it maybe a family run establishment so we will give them another shot in the future but will keep this at a three star "average rating" until proven otherwise.
