5	Whaaaat?! How many people in the White Elephant gift exchange?  50+? I am going to need plenty more of the mulled wine and cranberry mimosas.  While waiting for the gifts to exchange I managed to decorate 2 ceramic ornaments and a sugar cookie in the shape of a mitten.  I also sampled the nosh. Charcuterie,  a triple threat of hummus, flat breads and topped it all off with some sweet hot chocolate. Another Yelp Holiday Hit! !
5	Home from the Yelp Elite Ugly Sweater Holday Party. Gotta tell ya, that parking garage took us two levels down.  So freaky. But tonight, fun people and great stuff to nosh on at The Corner.  Got to enjoy some yummy Historic Piehole Porter -a Cherry Vanilla Porter from Flag, decorated cookies, participated in a white elephant gift exchange (lots of great gifts -some stolen too) and we even dropped off several donations for the Arizona Animal Welfare League.  Ya know,  Ive got a soft spot for the animals.Festive music playing - yeah, I was singing along... And I saw you singing too!Even got passes to go ice skating tonight or in the near future.I had to make a mental note of the funny sweater ideas for next year. Downtown just keeps getting better and making me want to come back for more.SO GLAD we were invited.Thank you The Corner for hosting this spectacular event.
5	(Lyric - Oh Christmas Tree)Oh Yelp-mas tree, oh Yelp-mas tree!Your Ugly Sweater's Party!Oh Yelp-mas tree, oh Yelp-mas tree!Your Ugly Sweater's Party!Pa Rum Pum Pum Pum(Lyrics - Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer)Lindsey the Yelp Man-a-gerHad a belly of baby (too my surprise!)And if you ever saw herYou would even say she glowed!  --- Congrats Lindsey!Pa Rum Pum Pum Pum(Lyrics - The 12 Days of Christmas)On the first day of Yelp-mas, my Yelpers sent to me An a Ugly Sweater Party!On the second day of Yelp-mas, my Yelpers sent to me Two skate tickets, An a Ugly Sweater Party!On the third day of Yelp-mas, my Yelpers sent to me Three Mulled wines, Two skate ticketsAn a Ugly Sweater Party!On the fourth day of Yelp-mas, my Yelpers sent to me Four suger cookies, Three Mulled wines, Two skate ticketsAn a Ugly Sweater Party! On the fifth day of Yelp-mas, my Yelpers sent to me Five Yelping Stars!Four suger cookies, Three Mulled wines, Two skate ticketsAn a Ugly Sweater Party! Oh another year another Yelp party!  Always a great time to celebrate with the Yelp gang.  DJ Sterling rocking in the summer and rocking during the winter.  Hot Chocolate and coffee with mint and whip creme while the Mulled wine and cranberry mimosas flowed.  Flat bread tastings and antipasto platings!  Sugar cookie sprinkles and frostings a spreading...bring on the ornament making and 2 tickets a skating!  Thanks Lindsey and great see all you Yelpers for the end of 2014!
5	The corner is such a cute spaceWe arrived a little after 6:00pm and there were already sooooo many YelpersIt was amazing... The music was on point...It was great to see so many people in their ugly sweaters... Mine was a total last minute idea but I'm glad no one said anything about it haha Perhaps it wasn't ugly enoughThe young lady at the sign in table was very nice and informed us about signing in, free tchotchkes, and omg... I totally left my white elephant gift at home...Boooooo...I was really glad to receive free ice skating vouchers, those will come in handy when I'm feeling likeKristy Yamaguchi...The food layout was a little all over the place but it allowed us to walk around and mingle...I really enjoyed all of the bites and I fell in love with the cherry vanilla porter from Flagstaff... That was really good... The cookie decorating area was a nice touch, the lady who made the cookies was super nice and omg, the cookies were divine... I'm currently laying in bed eating the last piece and wishing I made 10+ to last me another hour...I was sad when I couldn't partake in the white elephant gift exchange so I guess someone in my friends/family circle will be receiving a potato pellet shooting gun thingy... It was a fun night Thank you to Lindsey for putting on a successful event and Congrats on your baby girl
5	The food/drinks were amazing, the cookie decorating station was really fun, and last but certainly not least the white elephant gift exchange was amazing. It was great to finally meet a lot of the community in person!
5	First off, thanks to "The Corner" for hosting all of us crazy bastards in our over the top Christmas knits!!! I feel like I say this all the time, but I never knew this place was here. I have been all around that place and never saw it. Very cool layout inside with high ceilings and urban decor. I didn't get to try the food, but I can't say enough at how friendly and helpful the staff was!What a great way to get into the Christmas spirit than seeing sweaters that remind me of the days when I was a kid with my Aunt and Uncle showing up to Christmas dinner in sweaters that competed with the tree! Amazing how many blind designers are making holiday sweaters. Hahahaha great showing. We should have done a group photo! Lindsey, another outstanding event!!! You always pull it off without a hitch! At least we don't see one. Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Holidays!! Cheers!! See you in 2015
5	Wear a sweater that's more embarrassing than my dye-job and my behavior?  Okay, count me in!It was another fun night with Yelp Phoenix!  We showed up later than anticipated but we still had two hours of mingling, sipping hot mulled wine, and nibbling on what looked like a delicious spread [no time to eat when there was people to jabber with!].  Entrance was pet food and/or a pet gift that was donated to the Arizona Animal Welfare League.  Yelp Phoenix knows how to keep it classy by giving from their hearts.  50+ people were in attendance and we were allowed to bring a +1 so we got to sneak in our non-Elite friends to show them how we party!  There was a cookie decorating station, an ornament deco station, the *real* Santa, a hot chocolate bar, a White Elephant gift exchange, and a chance to go ice skating outside.  The venue itself is urban chic and lovely.  The servers were generous and were a delight to strike a conversation with.  My voice is absolutely coarse from all the laughter and chatter and I'll drink my hot tea tomorrow while thinking back to this amazing night fondly.I'm a bit confused though.  It says we were suppose to be at an Ugly Sweater party but I was clearly at a GORGEOUS sweater party!  Between Brett B.'s eye-gouging snowmen and Susan P.'s twinkly green light bulb earrings, Tom D.'s vomiting Rudolph with a Solo cup on the antler and Linh L.'s jingling Christmas poncho, Melodie C.'s starry vest and Meghan L.'s short-sleeved sweater, I thought I was at a fashion show in Milan!  Where did you all get such stylish sweaters?  Don't get me started on Cheryl B.'s adorable Grinchiness, Kurdy S.'s stripper Barbie sweater, and Kazi H's overflowing cuteness.  ;)  Although I'm not sure if I'd get my bum pinched by Melodie if I were in Milan --- that cheeky ginger!  Also, "I'm Anime Melodie."Thanks a million to Yelp, Lindsey and her cute baby belly, Santa [I swear I'm on the Nice List... maybe], DJ Sterling for a night of festive tunes, the folks at The Corner for hosting us wackos, and CityScape for tickets to ice skate!  Happy holidays, everyone!  I hope to see you all in 2015!
5	I've been dying to get to one of these Yelp Christmas parties, I finally had an excuse to give away a bunch of Yelp stuff I've been collecting for three years in a white elephant exchange. It was kind of awesome, buttons, pens, coozies, t-shirts, bandannas, shot glasses, sun glasses, gift cards, Yelp bags, old name tags, lanyards, I'm sure there was more, but it was fun to see people excited to open that one!The food was tasty, meats, cheeses, hummus, cookies, galore. Ugly sweaters as far as the eye can see. My favorite part of these events are always meeting people. It's great to make new friends and greet the old. Too long has it been since I've seen some of them and I get excited to share in stories, food, and drinks!You know I'll be back for some downtown, outdoor, ice skating with that certificate everyone received. Lindsey, as always, knows how to throw together one awesome party! Happy Yelping Phoenix, hope to see you at the next one!
5	I haven't been to a yelp event in a while and I'm so glad I got to make it into this one!!!! There's nothing like rocking your ugly sweater and getting to hang out with a great group of people. Food and drinks were great. I was sipping on their Pinot noir all night and also got a chance to try their mimosa which was very refreshing. For food, everything was yummy! The hummus, salads, the different pizzas they had just kept on coming!!! Dj sterling also did a fantastic job as always blasting that holiday music for us. Also, I've never gone ice skating before so ill definitely have to use my complimentary pass! Last yelp event of the year. It's a bitter sweet feeling. It's been a great year with my fellow elites and I hope we all make it as elites again next year! Thank you to the corner for having us and thank you to Lindsey as always for putting together yet another great event! And congrats on that bundle of joy Lindsey!! See everyone next year!! =)
5	My first YEE! It was definitely one to remember! The Corner was such a nice place to have the event at. Their hors d'oeuvres were delicious, their drinks were delicious, and the staff was extremely friendly. And cityscape is a great area to host an event at. So it was great all around. I enjoyed meeting mingling and meeting everyone. I loved seeing everyone's sweaters! Some of you are so crafty! Santa was there! That was so freaking awesome! And the fact that he looked just like Santa was a maaad BONUS!It was definitely a success first event for me. Yelp did a fabulous job! I'm excited for more to come!
5	"SANTA! OH MY GOD! SANTA'S COMING! I KNOW HIM! I KNOW HIM!"Thank you soooo much to the Corner, Yelp, and Lindsay for organizing this Ugly Holiday Sweater event.  I saw some sweaters  that were more terrible than I could even imagine.  I tried some of all the food (btw thanks to the Corner for refilling the food like 20 times for us!), I decorated and ate 3 cookies, and also made an ornament for my dog.  I didn't imbibe any alcohol, but the green apple seltzer water was amazing!  Oh and the best part -- we got to meet Santa!!!!!!I really liked the food the Corner served up and I think I'll recommend this the next time I go to lunch with my co-workers downtown.I didn't try the ice skating, but I hope to be back soon for that!
5	I haven't been to many Yelp events this year due to my chaotic schedule, but wow have I missed these events!!! Yelp's Ugly Sweater Christmas bash at The Corner was fantastic.  I wonder how I have not made it to The Corner considering I work downtown!!  The restaurant had a great vibe.  The manager was fabulous; she was cracking me up as I was going all-out decorating cookies.  I was an epic failure at the whole ugly sweater concept because I came straight from work.  Liz S and her husband looked awesome in their hideous green pug Christmas sweaters.  I brought some dog toys and treats for donation, I always love the events that raise items/funds for a good cause.  Lindsey always puts on great community event as always.  Speaking of Lindsey, she brought a +1 in her belly!  I am so excited for her!  On to the important things like food!  The pizza was great I was a big fan of the margarita pizza, but the BLT pizza was amazing!  I like their cheese crusted crust!  The hummus and pita tided me over until I discovered the pizza, and the meat and cheese boards were decked out with great options.  I think I was drinking a stonecreek/wall (sorry can't remember the name), white wine blend that was pretty tasty to slug it all down.  The cranberry mimosas were a bit sweet for my liking, but they were surely the prettiest drinks.   Ohhhh I am going to miss my fabulous Yelp community!  I brought a friend who is not a Yelper and now her New Years Resolution is to become Yelp Elite in 2015, so our community must be doing something right!  I also met a few new Yelpers and caught up with the ones I have known since I have lived in PHX!  This was a wonderful event and I am so glad I could be a part of it!  Thank you Yelp and The Corner-Cityscape!
5	Great Cause, Great Corner! I've been a little MIA this year at yelp events because of my crazy travel schedule, so I was happy to get back with my yelp peeps before the holidays.  A big thanks to Lindsay, the yelp team and the corner for keeping this year's holiday event interesting.  We sampled some great bites, margarita pizza, cheese, olives and a tasty salad.... then topped it off when some delicious Christmas cookies.  Mine looked like they were decorated by a 4 year old (Sorry if I have offended any toddlers), but I had fun doing it... which is what matters.  I'd love to get back to the corner soon to browse through their wine selection, I some interesting bottles on the way out.  Happy Holidays all!!
5	Had an awesome time at Yelp's Ugly Sweater Party.  The food, music, venue, and festive vibe were on point.  It was so nice to see everyone all decked out for the holidays... it was such a nice way to spend a Tuesday night!  The Corner provided a great spread.  I particularly loved the avocado hummus and the BLT flatbread.  That crust... am I right?  The music really helped make this a lively night... loved it.  Santa was amazing and on point for sure.Thanks to everyone for making this party one to remember!
5	A killer time, and I expected nothing less!The Corner did a wonderful job hosting us! I'm down there a bunch for different things downtown, but I had no idea what kind of host they'd be for a Yelp Elite party. Welp, they nailed it! I'm so taken back by the generosity put forth! Tons of food, tons of drink, and plenty of space with a super awesome staff! Thank you all mucho for the party!And of course...there's the lady in charge. It's a damn shame I couldn't share a drink with you (read: adult drink), but no matter! Congrats on being on your way to becoming a momma, Lindsey! You knocked this event out of the park, per usual, with your hella-kick-ass (that's one word) team! Cheers to all of you!To all my fellow Yelpers... Have fantastic holiday and new year celebrations! Each and every time I see you all in one space, it makes my heart happy. It was a pleasure spending time with old friends, and a pleasure meeting new faces among the group! Love you all!
5	I had such a great time at this Yelp event. If you weren't already in the Christmas spirt, it's time to break out the ugly Christmas sweater and stop procrastinating! I love how creative everyone got with their sweaters- the Grinch one was pretty sweet. We also got to take pictures with Santa and he was the jolliest Santa I've met during my adulthood. He really made me consider if I had been naughty or nice this year. I'm glad he saw the angel halo above my head because I was good this year!Now, about The Corner - this place is so cute. It's tucked away in downtown Phoenix Cityscape right next to the ice skating rink, we even got coupons to go skating. We tried a sampling of gourmet salads, cheese and charcuterie, homemade hummus muddled wine, cranberry mojitos, and topped it off with a cookie decorating station. Super fun! That's not even the best part. We had the most epic exchange of white elephant gifts that I've ever seen. There were over 50 participants with an incredible range of gift ideas. Have you ever received a shake weight? You probably want to. It was a big hit as a white elephant gift. If you're tired of looking at your old bowling trophy- why not gift it to the white elephant gift exchange? Somebody did! Haha not many steals on that one! The white elephant gift exchange was really fun and I'm glad it was part of the event. Thanks for getting all the Yelpers together for a holiday party we'll never forget. Merry Christmas everybody!
5	My first official Yelp Event was so swagged out, I can't help but to rave about it to all my friends! When I wasn't busy noshing on exceptional charcuterie (gorgonzola for days!), I was sipping on some fancy mulled wine. Every staff member was jubilant about explaining their product and seemed genuinely in the spirit of the season. Over 50 yelpers had tons of fun with the awesome white elephant gift exchange. There were some legitimately amusing alms to be found, and I was happy to see everyone having so much fun. Yes, it was cheerful indeed. Everything from the immaculate Santa, to the make-your-own cookie station was executed masterfully. Big thanks to Lindsey D, and major congratulations on the incoming addition to her family. And an even bigger thanks to the classy elite member who brought me! I cannot thank her enough. =) Finally, glad to finally meet so many of you for the first time. I hope we can all do this again in the near future. If only...if only there were some way to get myself into events in the near future without being a +1. ;-)Great way to end the year, folks.
5	The holiday party was so much fun. All my Elf friends were there. I loved the spread. How did I not know about this place with all the times I have been at Cityscape? The Hummus was delish! I also liked the hot cocoa. Lots of good food, fun and glee. I did not participate in the White Elephant gift exchange but it sure sounded like a lot of fun was going on back there. What types of gifts were they swapping anyway? lol--I appreciated the skating passes and the decorating activities. My cookie breakfast today was nice. Santa was cool too. Thanks Lindsey and the Corner for all your kind generosity. Happy holidays to all my Yelpie friends. A word of advice? Pack up all those ugly sweaters now. Better yet, throw them in the fireplace. Haha! Mine to be the first one in the flame.
5	What a fun night that Yelp, Lindsey, and The Corner for hosting this great event as well as for good cause (pet toys or treats for donation). There were so much food and drinks all night. All the staff was so friendly and helpful. There were quite a few of Yelpers put some heart to well decorated their sweaters. There was not a dull moment because you can decorate cookies or make ornaments, white elephant gift exchange, and some of you went ice skating from the complimentary tickets we got from the event. I was so happy to see old faces that I haven't seen for awhile and meeting some new ones. Looking forward to seeing all of you in 2015! Happy Holidays!
5	What a great event!  Lindsey really outdoes herself each time I attend these elite evens.  I really liked the animal donation requirement to this event.  I'm a dog lover and I try and help out animals in need as much as I can.  They need our voice and our help.  Thanks for including that into this event.As for the even itself.  Well the yelpers impressed me with some of their creative ugly sweaters.  Once again I met some new yelpers and became friends.  Beer was on point.  Cherry vanilla IPA!  The food at the corner was also super delicious.  I had my fill.  Cookie making was awesome!  Who doesn't like to make cookies and then eat them!  The secret Santa went off without a glitch.  I laughed at some of the gifts that were given out.  I enjoyed every minute of this event.  Happy holidays to all my yelp family and to all the sponsors who participated this year!  Thank you Lindsey for putting on another great event and thank you Yelp!
5	We walked up to the entrance to The Corner and who was there to greet us good ole Saint Nick! That's right it was Santa Claus ready to take some pics with us, it doesn't matter what age you are, you know when you see Santa you instantly get filled with glee!   While standing in line to check in there was a mom with a little girl about 4 who spotted Santa and she wanted to see him but was scared, but that Santa, he knows how to win them over and he made her smile real quick, it just tickled me pink on the inside, because that right there was the spirit of Christmas, that's right I do believe in good ole Saint Nick, just as I get older, it's hard to behave all year along.This Elite event was set up to take donations for Arizona Animal Welfare League, and boy did we show up with some great treats & food for our 4 legged friends!Ok by now most have been around to know the music that was playing was done by no other than DJ Sterling, I am a huge fan of this man, DJ Sterling always has his music on point, there has never been a party he is at that didn't have people singing or on their feet dancing! The Corner, wow this place is amazing, it's huge and roomy, there were well over 50+ elites and friends but it didn't seem over bearing. The food was amazing, there was hummus, salads, fresh pita bread, meats & cheese platters, flatbreads topped with hummus and grilled veggies, but what stole the show for me was the BLT pizza, OMG it was to die for! Pizza with Bacon will always win with me, yummy! And there was even cookie decorating & ornament decorating stations too! Santa was all in the mix too, not trying to see who was naughty or nice, no Santa was into taking selfies, and talking and shooting the breeze and enjoying the night, see Santa is normal just like you and me! (Expect he can shimmy down a chimney & he has flying reindeer) The White Elephant Gift Exchange was the largest I have attended this holiday season, and it was the greatest, there was some dud gifts (that's the point right?) and some great ones too!  Everyone looked too dang cute in there ugly sweaters, everyone had smiles, maybe it something to with the contagious holiday cheer.Lindsey pulled together another great Elite Event for sure!  Big thanks to The Corner for having us & Huge thanks to Lindsey and Rachel for putting it together!
5	My favorite phrase of the evening came from the Corner Bakery manager herself when I glanced at the sugar cookies and quizzily asked her, "are these baked fresh?  They look homemade."  And her everlasting, imprinted on my brain response was, "Yes!  If this place could squeeze their own olive oil from fresh olives, they would!  I was shocked how small the walk in fridge/freezer is when I started working here- they really do make everything from scratch!"  After hearing those phrases, I was a bit star struck since as an architect myself having done some tenant improvements for restaurants and being familiar with the operating side of a restaurant, I know sometimes "homemade" means premade dough ordered from a vendor and baked on premise. Apparently, not this place!!!This place is the REAL deal!!!  A gem, a definite gem!And to think how often I've been to Cityscape and bypassed this place thinking it was just another "chain bakery that should not be named."  So, so happy to know how erroneous I've been. So much so that I shall spent the majority of this review pontificating the FRESHNESS of the menu items at this place!!!!  And yes, I shall be back again and again for the FRESH cookies!, FRESH salads!, FRESH pizza- oh the BLT pizza mentioned in so many of the other reviews, yes, yes, it was also my favorite!!!  Did you know bacon is paleo so I ate without remorse!  And glad my husband was vegetarian cause that meant more for me!!!Although, even the vegetarians did not go hungry- there were 3 kinds of salads, cheese, and 2 types of vegetarian (one w grilled veggies, the other simple fresh tomato slice w pesto).There was definitely food a plenty- a meat and cheese board, 3 different types of salads, 3 different types of pizza, cookies, hot chocolate w fixings of whipped cream, chopped candy cane, beer, wine, sparkly drinks, mimosa, mulled wine- it was dazzling!!! And there was more!  A Santa, a DJ playing, ornament decorating and the 50+ person which was the largest I've participated in yet it flowed smoothly cause The Yelpers in the room were such cool cats!  My favorite white elephant gift was an actual bowling trophy with engraved name & all. It was such a Seinfield gift. Totally hilarious and the moment of confusion when the white elephant was unwrapped was priceless. Oh, and the ugly sweaters- some got really creative- see my pics!!!Lindsey!  This party was the perfect way to close out 2014. You and Yelp are Yelptastic!!!  And really, because of this event, I will definitely come back to the Corner again and again!
5	I was very excited to be chosen for this event, and not just because I got a sneak preview of J-WoW's sweater.  It was also to be the first time the lunch bunch would meet our cyber friend, Kazi, in person.The venue was fantastic, located between 2 parking garages, next to an outdoor ice rink.  Upon arriving at the registration table, I spied the Santa photo op, so I grabbed Kazi for her first ever Yelp Elite photo (show some love and friend our newest Elite)While at the bar, I indulged in a cherry vanilla porter, and I liked it.  The trio of ample hummus bowls were a delight, and I'm not ashamed to admit returning for seconds.The hot chocolate was the finest I've ever tasted, especially after adding peppermint syrup and a heaping mound of whipped cream. While the food and beverage was delightful, the conversation was the high point, and I was lucky enough to spend a few minutes with the beautiful and engaging Kazi.  I loved seeing my friends... and meeting new Yelpers face to face is the icing on the cookie! (which there were a lot of)I witnessed my first ever ugly Christmas poncho when J-WoW's +1, Linh, made his grand entrance.  Santa Sat on my lap, and my cheek was kissed by a pretty little lady who disappeared into the crowd. All in all, a pretty good night
5	Every yelper who liked to party & Christmas a lot, put on their Ugly sweaters to gather in one spot.Store bought or homemade with ornaments &  glue, grinches, reindeer, naughty moose, and a stripper Barbie too, covered the sweaters of Yelp's Elite Who's who!Plus 1's, white elephant gifts, donations of doggie toys and treats in tow; yelpers followed their invitations to The Corner of Cityscape they would go.Greeted by the most photogenic red suit wearing old chap, who let even the naughty yelpers sit in his lap! We spent the evening eating & drinking coffee, hot cocoa and a cocktail or two; all the while listening to the music only the infamous DJ Sterling can do! Ornaments were painted, cookies decorated with frosting &  glitter, another Grinch took my present but I wasn't bitter. It was a night filled with laughs, food, and  holiday cheer, Oh Santa I'll try to be good if you make me Yelp Elite for next year!Thanks to The Corner, Yelp and CM Lindsey D. congrats are in order for her future yelper baby! Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, and Happiest of Holidays too, And now to end my review..Wishing a Happy New Year to everyone of you! Xo *The Grinch* Xo
5	Yet another fantastic event! This party was nothing to sneeze at (even though it was a little cool outside...) they had different stations for everything- ornament decorating, cookie decorating, beer, delicious special holiday drinks, yummy pizza/dips/charcuterie, and even pics with Santa! It was pretty legit. Thanks to the Corner, yelp, and Lindsey for a fabulous night!
5	Thank you x300 to Yelp for making sure we acknowledge the positive potential in our Phoenix downtown scene again. Honestly, if it wasn't for these recent invites, you couldn't put $1,000 on a line and try to bait me in that general direction. I remember a time when the unspoken rule was to get out of downtown before 5 pm. If you were there any longer, someone might as well have tossed you a Barbasol can so you could wait to be attacked by someone/thing. Plenty of activities for everyone and it was great to be able to explore the area afterwords. I just want to give a celebratory high-five to whoever hired that specific Santa because he was so engaging, ridiculously awesome with his on the spot photo ideas, and he didn't think weirdly of my boyfriend who asked him for a hug (I would have). To those who kept complaining about food running out, the party not being accompanied to your 'no egg or 'no flour' diet restriction, how the icing wasn't spreadable oh what an abomination - if I could have rolled my eyes any further at you as I listened to your mumbling, my eyes would be in China by now. It's a tasting party with free alcohol, that's as good as life will get and it's all thanks to the folks at Yelp.
5	What a jam packed holiday season! Finally got some time to get back into a normal routine of writing reviews. And I only have great things to say about this Ugly Sweater Party! The night was filled with Yelpers, food, drinks, gifts, 1 Santa, 1 DJ, and 1 skating rink. haha.It was good to see all of the Yelpers together and catching up like a big family. The white elephant exchange was hilarious and I got myself a lovely shake weight. lol. And seeing all of the ugly sweaters was awesome too. They were so creative! Of course, one of the best part was the food. There were pizzas, cookies, cheeses, prosciutto, salami, smoked salmon, pita bread, hummus, just to name a few things. And wine and beer! And there was this cherry mimosa! My favorite was the warm merlot boiled with rosemary, orange peels and apple cider. :) It was a great holiday party. One of the best! I love catching up with Yelpers and having that holiday atmosphere. The staff was sooooo amazing at their jobs. They kept the drinks being served, food being replenished and cleaned up like a machine! I have to thank the wonderful Santa and the electrifying DJ Sterling who always jams out for us. And of course to Lindsey who always on top of her game! Thank you for a great 2014. It was a good event to close out the year.And after all of the food and drinks and gifts... there was ice skating. And falling.
5	Great food, awesome drinks! Most of all great company. It was awesome to meet  new people. My deareeeeeest friend Meghan invited me (she's the elite one) and the one who encouraged me to get a yelp account. I am looking forward to gaining elite status myself.
5	Yet another fun elite event to cap off another great year of being elite. The drinks were flowing, Santa was cracking jokes (according to him I am only a few years away from taking his job), the food was disappearing and the gifts were changing possession.This really was a fun way to cap the year off the charcuterie plate was impressive with all the meats and cheeses. I am not sure I have seen stuff go quite so fast at a yelp event. The Pie Hole Porter was good as always. My date really liked the sangria like drink or whatever that was.I am also happy to say after the git exchange I am the proud owner of a Nerf Gun again bringing back childhood memories and opportunities to shoot Tom S. in the head. Thanks to Lindsey, The Corner and everyone else for making the end of 2014 a fun one.
5	What an awesome party and a great way to kick of the Christmas season! Unfortunately we had to leave a little eary so we missed the White Elephant gift exchange. But I really enjoyed the hospitality of The Corner and had a great time anyway. I loved the Piehole Cherry Vanilla Porter they were serving. That was a phenomenal beer. And I had never even heard of Historic Brewing Company so now I have a new place to try out in Flagstaff next time we go. All the bites I had to eat were yummy and also enjoyed perusing the offerrings in their market. If Ilived or worked downtown, I would definitely be a regular at this place.
5	Fantastic Holiday event to end 2014!  Love the crazy Ugly Sweaters that made the night festive.  The Corner treated us to delicious eats of pizza, cheeses, olives, and salads.   We also were treated to several local wines.  It wouldn't be a holiday party if Santa wasn't there to spread the holiday cheer!  We have Christmas cookies!!!  The Corner provided the BEST cookies I have tasted in awhile.  What were those cookies made from?  Yelpers had the task of being creative and making a masterpiece of their cookies with icing and candy.  I just wanted to eat the frosting.  Thanks for the sugar coma.The Corner, Yelp and Lindsay....thanks for an amazing event!  I love the holidays and this event kicked it into gear.
5	Talk about uggglyyyy- the sweaters I mean. I saw that in the best possible way too, man you YE's are so creative and quirky- I love it!Such a fantastic party with a small donation pile for a good cause upon entering, I knew this party was going to be great already! Little did I know, the cookie decorating station had phenomenal sugar cookies ... dare I saw one of the best sugar cookies I've ever had? Well duh, cause I decorated it myself! Jokes aside, the cookies were sweet, soft and moist in the center. Good frosting as well, not too runny or pasty and dried well. The hot chocolate was so good and what was inside those aerosol whipped cream canisters? I've never had whipped cream that yummy before- at least not in a can. The food itself flew out like well hotcakes, with charcuterie, flatbreads and salads it was all lovely. There were yummy alcoholic beverages like the mulled wine and cranberry spritzer type cocktail as well as old fashioned styled sodas. Ornament decorating was provided out on the patio and we were given passes to go ice skating at City Skate. Loved spending the evening with fellow Yelpers Su-shien, Dana and Bao! Thanks for such a great event Lindsey, Yelp and The Corner for putting it together and hosting!
