5	Dear Sharon,Your Paradise Bakery is by far the friendliest Paradise Bakery. Ever. I'm disappointed it just opened because I will be moving to the other side of town at the end of the month and now I know the best PB is right here. I went to your location tonight and I fell completely in love with your staff -- they are amazing. Everyone smiled, asked how they could help, and even asked if we were having a good night. Now I'm going to name names: Christian the greeter was very engaging and couldn't have been more helpful. He checked on us to make sure our dining needs were met. Cassie let my mom sample her soup of choice and was a complete sweetheart. David was sure to go over the menu with us and was very accommodating with our breads of preference and Chase was also extremely courteous. Your entire staff was perfect; do not let them go. Everyone was professional, up-beat and obviously happy to be working there, the smiles never ended. And that really makes your restaurant paradise. Cheers,Naomi
5	Lots of great sandwich and salad selections. Baked goods selection is superb with a free chocolate chip cookie coming with all sandwiches. FYI if you ask they'll switch your chocolate chipCookie for another variety.
5	Just stopped in for the first time at this location. It's right around the corner from where I live and I'm in heaven. I got a wonderful Cobb Chicken salad and I couldn't ask for more. Wonderful service and great atmosphere. The Decor of the place is great and relaxing. Great place for dinner or lunch and even breakfast for coffee etc.
4	I do love me some Paradise Bakery! This location is the convenient one to my office. I like it very much!Lots of space, great for when it gets crowded at lunch time, plenty of staff to help, and everything is neat and clean. There is even a little guy running around the dining room refilling drinks and removing dishes and trays. They take time and put care into their food, and I always enjoy relaxing on my lunch break on their patio!They ahve the best iced tea right now too - acai! Try it! And the chippers are always amazing!
4	My mom and I stopped by for a late lunch yesterday. The menu and the food were the same as other Paradise locations. This location wasn't nearly as busy as the others which provided a nice and quiet meal for my mom and I. The onlt downfall was that I have experienced friendlier staff at the other locations. But overall, it was a decent dining experience. The thing I love about Paradise is their consistency. The food always tastes the same each and every time. And I have yet to find anything I don't like.
3	If I could eat a southwestern Caesar salad once a day, every day, I think I would. This is one of my favorite salads...ever. Paradise in general is a little overpriced but one in a while, I'll bite the bullet and splurge. My only complaint is their lack of vegetarian options. For a restaurant that specializes in soups, salads and sandwiches, it would make sense to have more than one or two options in each category suitable for veggies.
3	For some reason I initially thought this place was pretty awesome.Recently I haven't been quite as impressed -actually I would say more disillusioned.  Last sandwich I had was more bread than anything.I mean even the amount of veggies seemed sparse.  When I disassembled what I had ordered I was laughing with my dining guests about the quantity of meat.  Oh I am fairly certain I even shared those pictures during one of my recent visits.Like the cookies a lot.Some are definitely much better than others.The muffins are alright I guess.Breakfast is good but I haven't had it more than a couple times so can't really give an honest review.I think Paradise is pretty good but it's really over priced for what you get.
4	Pair of Dice Baked-eryBy The RueI usually don't eat breakfast in the morning,Although I'm hungry and pretty horny,I decided to stop today and pick something up,I got some sort of breakfast sandwich, what?It was loaded with eggs, cheese and peppers,The workers there didn't treat me like a leper.When I usually go I'll eat outside,Lunchtime yoga girls, you cannot hide,I'll stare at you as you go in and out,Yes I'm "that guy" cat calls I won't shout,Though it might not look like I'm looking at you,Trust me I noticed the tramp stamp tattoo.Needless to say I'm a big fan of Paradise,Breakfast and lunch, I'll eat here twice,If you see a creepy guy outside eating alone,Don't be afraid to get his number or take him home,I'm really not "that guy" if you must know,I should be in showbiz and produce my own show.Bing!!!
5	Paradise bakery has always got the goods! From their sandwiches to their soups, cookies, and goodies, you can always expect and explosion of flavor and a full tummy when you go here. Every paradise bakery that I've been to has been fantastic. I've been to this one, the one at the airport, and few more and I've never had a problem with service or their food. Fantastic!
3	Stopped here for dinner by myself one evening. I feel like this is somewhere I should have been before, but can't remember ever eating here before. It was overwhelming for me (didn't know you got a tray and moved from section to section), but all I wanted was a sandwich so it was no big deal. I got the cuban chicken panini, which was good, not anything extraordinary. The staff was nice, and I'll definitely come back to try something else.
2	Cookies are great. They always mess up our order. Too expensive.
3	Being new to the area, I didn't know this but... Paradise Bakery is Arizona's Panera.I ordered a You-Pick-Two with a turkey sandwich and side salad. The sandwich was delicious and identical to the Panera equivalent (sierra turkey); the salad was also quite good and not something I'd ever had from Panera. It was a standard salad with a vinaigrette dressing.The ordering process was a bit awkward to me with the salad bar (this is NOT like Panera). It seemed a bit unnecessary, but that might just be my Panera fandom talking.The prices are akin to Panera in that... it's overpriced. Don't get me wrong though; the food and service was all great, but it's just difficult to swallow a $10+ price on a half-and-half lunch combo.BOTTOM LINE: Pricy but delicious. I won't come here often, but only when I get a craving for Panera.
5	Love, love, love this place. My lunch break is at 8am in the morning and they always let me make a greek salad early in the morning. Food is always fresh and service is awesome!
2	What is it with this place?  Why do these particular employees of this store have such a weird attitude towards customers?  My husband whos the most mild mannered guy goes into the store to order a salad today .  There were 4 people behind the counter over by the pick up area.  They were talking or milling about who knows.  Waited 10 minutes then you had to finally say hey can I order something?  They said oh sure did you want to buy a paper?  He said I wanted to order some food actually and the girl says oh.  So that was enough to piss him off he said screw it I will go over to Wild Flower right next door.  Apparently they had just screwed up 3 orders and my husband overheard someone asking hey whats with this order whats with this one and each person behind the counter replied I dont know, i dont know, etc.   So all of that was just not worth it to him.  He didnt want his order screwed up too.  just wanted to get that out there because the experience is almost always the same there oh and I am PISSED because I wanted a fuji apple salad!  I was mad that my husband didnt take the torture and get me my salad so I now put the blame on you Paradise.  Do something about your people or your processes.  Teach your employees to greet people and to treat each person that comes in as if they are going to order something!  Make it so that it is not uncomfortable for us to go into your store and try to interact with your unwilling and uninviting employees.  Teach them some teamwork.  Why do each of them act like oh thats not my job.  That is so weird and even gross behavior.
5	I have visited this location, the food was great, and so was the coffee.  I appreciate the fact that I can meet with a client in this non-invasive atmosphere, and don't have to be concerned that we can have a table for only a short while.  Sometimes business meetings take a little longer than planned, and in this case, there is not a problem.
3	The employees act like they are really busy doing something else, and I am interrupting them to give them my order. They are rarely friendly. On one visit, they were training several new people and were grouchy with them, which was very unprofessional, within earshot of a customer. So many of their employees are in a bad mood, I would have to guess it's not a good company to work for.I like most of the food, although I would agree it is a little overpriced.
2	Rip off!!! $24 for a couple with two sandwiches, two soups and two drinks. The soup was very salty and tasted like any crap from old country buffet. The sandwiches were equally unspectacular. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Not sure why this place has such a high rating. Maybe people feeling they are cool for finding an alternative to Panera
3	Always a Good Choice Paradise Bakery has always been a great  place to grab a quick bite to eat.  The food is delicious, fresh,  and Paradise has so many diffrent options. The salads and sandwiches are tasty.  My nephew enjoys the Macaroni & Cheese and so do I.  The macaroni & chrese is creamy and taste as if it was home cooked.  The soups and salads are equally delicious. We always end our meal with a sweet treat and Paradise has some of the best after meal treats.  The baked goods are the best!! You won't be able to choose. This staff at Paradise are always friendly and  eager to accommodate your needs.
