3	Yummy little place; a few rough edges but worth checking out. Not too expensive (and BYOB helps).We headed in after 8:30 on a Friday after encountering a long wait list at D's; Cibo could seat us right away so we went for it. They were out of a few menu items, which I think is acceptable for a small place just a few weeks in. The menu has a small variety of items - starters, soup/salad, and entrees (including several pasta entrees). I was tempted by the veal but since I've never yet had good veal in the US I decided on the Vongole pasta. It was way spicier than I expected but the preparation was otherwise good. (I also had the "surprisingly spicy" problem at La Cucina Flegrea, where Cibo's chef trained, so that's consistent!)Highlight of the night was the arancini balls I ordered as a starter - really good, mild cheesy flavor, good texture with a slightly crispy outside, and dressed with beautiful fresh tasting tomato sauce. (I haven't tasted sauce that good since Roberto's moved out of town.)Rough edges: - The plates are too big for the tables. We had trouble fitting all our dishes on our 4-person table and there were only 3 of us.- It's awfully loud. (Legume had the same problem in a really similar space, and they dealt with it a few months after opening.)- Service was good but seemed uncertain about what they should be doing. There was a lot of conversation and confusion over things like when to clear plates. Could be opening month jitters.- Beans & Greens - the version we had was way too salty, and the greens were left too long for how stringy they ended up being. The salt was overwhelming. They use meat in this dish, which the server warned us; could be that the salted ham they used that night was just too much, but still, they really should have adjusted.All in all, it's a decent place with some great dishes and lots of promise. Will definitely be back.P.S. The waiter said Cibo is pronounced chee-bo, in case you never studied Italian and were wondering.
3	Great service and atmosphere.  BYOB was a nice option, but the unlisted $7.00 corking fee was a surprise (in Regent Square).  Food was excellent (menu changes daily), but I feel like they're trying to over do it with the attempt to "upscale". We'll be back but will probably only bring one bottle or just go out after.
2	This is a tough review to write, as I really want Regent Square to be blowing up with awesomeness.  Everything about this place is generally pretty awesome.  Nice, comfortable atmosphere, good waitstaff, well lit...except the food was really bad.It's almost like they were doing a performance piece showing the dangers of excess.  My Cibo pasta was so rich, that my brow is furrowing reflexively in memory of the unbelievable amount of oil that went into it.  We also got a dish that was so salty, that I sincerely think there was some kind of crazy accident in the kitchen.Oh, and there's an insane 7 dollar 'uncorking fee' per bottle of wine.  Unless you are uncorking my wine bottle with a fucking machete, or in some other elaborate circus manner, that dog just will not hunt, Monsignor.The prices are a little high to give this place too many chances as well.  I really hope that this place will be able to pull itself together, because in this town you either need to be good, or cheap, but preferably both.
2	Really didn't love it, and really REALLY wanted to since it's within walking distance of our home.  The place seems to be having an identity crisis- upscale vs. neighborhood spot, trendy vs. homey, fine dining vs... Olive Garden?  Cold (ie refrigerated, bought elsewhere, couldn't even be bothered to pop it in the oven for show) bread in an Italian restaurant left a bad taste from the start, and the food was over-salted and heavy- nothing you couldn't make at home.  The corkage fee has been commented on but bears mentioning again- totally over the top.  This review is a bit late- we tried it in the summer- so we're going back for another shot and hoping for better.
3	I went to Cibo with a friend, shortly after they opened, based on a review I'd read in an online blog. I had mixed emotions. I wanted to love the place. I enjoyed it, and  I will definitely be giving it a second chance. I had the Seafood Risotto. I found it a little on the bland side, but did very much enjoy the texture of the risotto, and found the seafood cooked very well. My friend had spaghetti and did not like the sauce. I tasted it, though, and found it to be wonderful. Just as we were about to head out, the electricity on the block went out, so we ended up staying a little longer than we'd planned. The staff handled this with a great deal of grace. They made sure that all the tables had enough to drink and made small talk with us while waiting for the electric to come back on. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. While most places balk when someone asks for the ingredients in  certain things, they were more than willing to check on things for me, which is a nice change of pace from most places who give you attitude. Our waiter was very skilled. Not too over-bearing, but not negligent to a point that we had to ask for him. Overall, I'd say given a few months, Cibo will have all the bugs worked out.
2	We dined here w/ a large party @ 8:30 on a Sat night. This is important for two reasons. The first is they were out of the beet salad AND the bolognese pasta presumably b/c we were the last diners. But we were really surprised that an italian restaurant was out of a staple dish like bolognese. Second, when we got up to leave not one staff person was in sight. No "come again soon" or "thanks for dining with us.". It felt odd.The bread w/ olive oil for dipping was awful. Really dry and tasteless. Ordered the Arancini balls which came w/ fresh tomato sauce and were very good. For entrees, GF and I both had lukewarm scallops/tiger shrimp over fettucini in a light tomato sauce. It really needed to be served hot. It was disappointing. Friend Bill ordered Zuppa de Mari which arrived, strangely enough, on a long flat dish and not in a soup bowl w/ out any broth. Zuppa? Not really. Coffee was delish - served tableside from a glass press. Wine corkage was still $7 and I think they charge so much b/c the place is so small and they don't want people to linger. There is potential here but they need to execute the basics better. I'm sure they'll figure it out the way their other two Regent Sq businesses (Mcbrooms Beer & D's Sixpax) have grown over time.
5	had the 'mussels ' great! the 'roasted beet salad' very good, for dinner Penne pasta cibo 21, this is one of the best pasta dishs i have had in yr's, the sausage was outstanding and the sauce was to die for, would order this again !! very nice looking in side , the staff were friendly and very helpful, its one of those small places that serve big time food and you end up going back every week! went with 7 people and we all were very happy
2	Cibo tries really hard to be a great little Italian restaurant, but ultimately fails to do so on almost all counts.  My boyfriend and I made a 7:30 Saturday reservation.  Upon our arrival, we were seated immediately in the back near the door to the kitchen.  The loud squeaking of the kitchen door as servers went in and out was very distracting.  We brought a bottle of wine to share and were charged (as others have complained about) an absurd $7 corkage fee.  I can understand charging a large bottle fee if the restaurant serves alcohol, because if one brings their own bottle, then they are taking business away from the restaurant. But Cibo is exclusively BYOB.  Why so much?We ordered the oft-recommended mussels in wine sauce as an appetizer.  It arrived a little late, but we dug right in.  The mussels were cooked perfectly and were served with a large slice of garlic ciabatta.  The garlic was incredibly overpowering.  I tasted it for the rest of the night, which is not a good thing. I ordered the Linguine Vongole (linguine served with clams in a garlic sauce), while my date chose the Atlantic Cod (served with potatoes and asparagus).  My linguine was perfectly al dente and the clams gave a flavorful addition to the dish.  Boyfriend's cod was extremely bland, however.  It is important to note that entrees do not come with any sides except for bread and oil.  For the prices that Cibo charges, I think it would be more appropriate for them to include a small side salad or soup. To finish, we shared tiramisu and espresso for dessert.  The tiramisu was some of the worst I'd ever had. The ladyfinger layers were dry and the filling tasted like thick vanilla pudding.  It was covered in superfluous amounts of cocoa powder, which made me cough a bit.  There was no amaretto or rum flavoring at all.  Our waiter forgot about our coffees, so he comped both of them.  Overall, a rather disappointing dining experience, which is sad because there is a lot of potential in the food Cibo serves. Moreover, the servers are attentive and knowledgeable.  With a few changes to the menu (and 86ing the corkage fee), this place could be great.  Until then, I will steer clear.
4	Excellent food and ever so close to my house.  I think it is a bit overpriced.
4	Nice neighborhood dining experience. Sat outside with a 20 month old( I would hesitate to take her inside-looks like a date night crowd, but manager loved her was helpful and they have a high chair.  Food was pretty good.
2	I've been here twice, and my opinion is that Cibo deserves 2 stars at best. My principal observation is that their recipes do not appear to have been constructed by someone with professional training. I believe that Cibo's popularity is due primarily to being in a great location, having low priced food and being BYOB.For our second visit, one person in our party returned her Tuna Puttanesca Pasta entree, never having done so in her life.  She felt badly about doing so, but it was very off in flavor and appearance.  Large chunks of unseared rare tuna on top of a bed of warm pasta and capers.  I ordered the Pasta Cibo and the sauce was very thick-gluey and the sausage almost tasted as if it had been boiled and then thrown in on top of the pasta.  In contrast, the beans and greens appetizer was delicious and perfectly prepared.Also, in our party of 6, 3 ordered beans and greens (from the appetizer menu), two ordered salads as starters, and one ordered soup. They brought the 3 of us the beans and greens first, while the salad/soup orderers sat and watched us eat. After clearing our plates (30 minutes in), they brought the other 3 their salads and soup. Similarly, those who ordered pasta entrees got their plates about 5 minutes before those who ordered the non- pasta entrees.  The whole night was a "don't wait for me, go ahead and get started before your food gets cold" experience.Cibo is not an "I'll never go back there again" restaurant, but there are probably 20 better options in the East End.
3	5 friends and I (we were 3 couples) met at Cibo for a Friday evening dinner. Overall, our experience was good but not remarkable. The service is good (to be expected of a place like this), food was good (some mixed feelings), and the atmosphere is great. Come to Cibo if you do not have Friday night dinner reservations--when most places are crowded, we were one of only 3 parties in the restaurant. It was a good experience in that respect.Cibo's atmosphere is quiet, contemporary, relaxed, and very clean. It is very easy to feel at ease here with a glass of wine in hand, talking to a single or bunch of friends. This restaurant is nice (not too casual and not stuffy at all).I highly recommend the mussels in white wine sauce appetizer--the mussels were tender, flavorful and some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh. On the other hand, my Atlantic Cod entree with string beans was good (not bad) but unimaginative. My companions had no compliments (but no complaints either) about their dishes. For dessert, I recommend the Tiramisu. The apple and berry pie was good but better for a more rustic sensibility.Cibo is a solid choice for an evening meal in Regent Square, especially since there are so few other options in the neighborhood (Root 174 and Istanbul Sofra are the only others on the street). Do, however, expect to pay a pretty penny for your meal. Corkage fees are $7/bottle, charged a maximum of 3 times per party. Two people can expect to spend around $70 for 1 appetizer, an entree each, 1 dessert to share plus 1 corkage fee.
4	We moved back to Pittsburgh several years ago and in spite of the long list of recommended restaurants which we are slowly trying, CIBO remains one we visit a lot.  Also whenever anyone visits we usually take them to CIBO!!  The ambiance is really nice, small and unpretentious.  Parking is an easy matter.  The service is great with staff being very pleasant.  The food is delicious.  We have had a variety of different pastas on the menu and also the fish selections.  Sauces are excellent and the pasta is never overcooked.  And we love the BYOB option.  A $7 corkage fee is reasonable.  We have been to places that charge $15.  And this cost is a lot lower than buying a bottle of wine in another restaurant that could run 30+ a bottle.  There are soo many very good places to eat in Pittsburgh where eating out has become so much better than it was years ago.  We are finding that CIBO has become one of our favorites.
1	My husband and I decided to try Cibo as it was part of a "discount card" fundraiser we had signed up for & when I looked at their website/menu online, they identified themselves as "gluten free friendly" and more than happy to accommodate any allergy/dietary needs and as a GF girl, anytime an Italian place says they have GF pasta, I'm pretty happy! We dined on a Saturday evening, with reservations. I usually try and keep it pretty positive when it comes to reviewing restaurants but our experience was the complete opposite of positive and I hope some changes can be made their in the future because their food had some great elements & their owner was nice but other than that....ugh. When I mentioned that I am GF and asked if I could get the Chicken Parm but without breadcrumbs (which I would normally not even think to ask for but since they had identified themselves as being willing to accomodate allergies I went ahead and asked), I was told the chef "is busy and wouldn't want to do that but that he could just put some grilled chicken on top of the pasta but she didn't want to ask him to make it "parmesan" style, even though I'm pretty sure that would just consist of putting some sauce and cheese on top. I can understand when things are busy it is hard to accomodate special requests (even simple ones like mine) but as a customer (who is paying $20 + for dinner), I don't think I should have to worry about if my order will stress the chef out. Either don't claim to be GF friendly or get some more kitchen help? In the end, I ended up paying a pretty high price for noodles, marinara sauce & grilled chicken :( Our waitress only smiled when she was dropping off the check & we only smiled when we could finally leave.
2	I am giving this place a tentative two stars because I called to make a reservation tonight but nobody picked up the phone. Since it is Tuesday night, we decided to pop over to try it. We were astonished and disappointed to find the sidewalk in front of the restaurant all dug up and the place was closed. Management should have put a recording on the answering machine that they were closed. The holiday hours were on the answering machine.
