4	I recently flew on Spirit Airlines from Phoenix/Mesa Gateway Airport to Chicago O'Hare.  Due to a death in the family, I had to book last minute travel.  While most other airlines wanted to charge me around $800.00, I decided to check Spirit Airlines.  To be honest, I was very apprehensive about flying on them due to their "ultra low fare" equals "skimping on safety" anxiety that I had.  But I was able to get a last minute fare of $370.00 (including $60.00 to join their club and another $40.00 for checked baggage both ways).   I paid for the tickets and hoped for the best.  I set my expectations very low due to the numerous 1 star ratings I saw on here and other websites, but it was the only way for me to afford making it to Chicago.  My first instinct was the purchase process was very easy and it described exactly what to expect.   I expected to pay for my checked bag, to carry only a "soccer" bag with ropes, the leg room to be non-existent and that the seats won't be reclining.   I also knew that I had to purchase any food or snacks on board and that I won't be able to assign my own seat unless I pay extra for it.  I checked in online 24 hours prior to departure, and to my horror, I got seat 25B, a middle seat towards the back.  So I braced for the worst.   I arrived at Phoenix/ Mesa Airport 3 hours prior to departure, parked in long-term and took the bus into the terminal.  Nothing out of the ordinary so far.  I got to the ticket counter where I saw about 4 agents waiting on 2 customers.   They were all very nice, I checked my bag without any incident. I asked if I could get a better seat if possible, and the Agent very politely changed my seat to 5D. SCORE!  I enjoyed the terminal's free Wi-Fi in comfy chairs in the baggage claim area.  2 hours prior to departure, I proceeded to the Gate for my 1:15 AM departure.  No lines at the TSA SWEET!.  In the gate area, there were plenty of electric plugs to juice my iPhone and iPad.  One hour prior to departure we began the boarding process.  The flight was pretty full.  From the outside, the plane looked fairly new, as I was looking for any signs of safety violations ( :) ).  Once inside, I was elated to find a new plane that was clean, flight attendants that looked professional in clean tidy uniforms.  The pilots looked "experienced" uhum, if you know what I mean.  I sat down in my seat and I wasn't surprised that there were barely any legroom, I'm 6ft, 210 lbs btw.  The flight took off on time, I watched my movie on my iPad and we landed at O'Hare on time.  I do have to say that my back began to ach due to the no seat recline, after about 2 hours into the flight.  I stretched and twisted and gave myself back-rubs until we landed (an awesome landing btw, bravo flight deck crew).  To sum it up, it was better than some experiences I had on US Airways or United.   The return flight home was just as smooth, and the Agent at the counter changed my seat from 23B to 10C SCORE!  (she did advise me that they normally charge for seat changes, but she was doing it as a one-time courtesy).  Was it worth saving $400.00 to fly on Spirit? absolutely! Will I fly them again? only if their fare is significantly lower, mainly due to the seat recline, but I was very grateful that they made it possible for me to afford making it to my family back in Chicago in a time of distress.
1	Same as another poster I wish I could give them a 0. Truly the worst airline I have ever dealt with and I fly quite a bit. I have no problem with all the fees they make it very clear what their policy is from the beginning. But that is about the only thing good in my opinion. I was coming home from Ft Lauderdale and there were three flight leaving around the same time,  they only had 7 agents working We were in line for over an hour just to give them our bags, we already had our boarding passes. My son was meeting me in Ft Lauderdale flying out of Mesa, Az at 12:55am and after waiting an hour and a half then sitting on the plane they pulled him and 8 other people off because of weather they said they could not get to Ft Lauderdale. They gave the people nothing except a refund or a flight the next night at 12:55am so  my son had to sit in the airport for over 30 hours to wait for the next flight. Then I found out the flight did go all the way to Ft Lauderdale when I went to the counter. So I believe they lied to my son and the 8 other people. We had plans to go to Orlando when he got in, I ended up having to cancel and losing my money, then spending more money on getting a hotel in Ft LauderdaleI also noticed they are horrible about over booking the flights. I was on 4 different flights on this trip and there were always many people with other people already in their seats and we heard many comments from other passengers that this happens all the time. We also heard from a lot of people about them just canceling flights for no real reason and real soon to take off time.The two planes that I was on had many broken seats and some had no tray tables. at one point the person on front of me put their seat back and was practically laying in my lap. The flight attendant just laughed and said "yeah it must be broken".  The shoddy maintenance inside the cabin really makes me worry about the parts we can't see. There are more things but I do not have time to write them all. I highly recommend NOT!!!!!!! using this airline. It really is not worth the cheaper price and really if you bring bags or want water it really is not that much cheaper.
1	The worst flying experience ever, this airline is full of excuses. Pay the extra $$ and fly a bigger name Airline.
1	Horrible customer service!!! Spent the last hour trying to add bags on my 80 year grandparents flight I booked for them. They said they would email me the confirmation Code but never did.  They want me to create an email address just for my grandparents bags. Crazy! Long wait on the phone with unprofessional customer service. Never again. Pay the extra few bucks and fly with a real airlines. Would score zero if possible
1	I would give this less of a rating, but at least 3 out of 4 flights were on time.1: cheap my ass!! They nickel and dime you to the point where your budget goes right out the window.  $450 turns into $560 in a flash... And this includes NOTHING!2: comfort. There is no such thing. I didn't know you could actually get seats that close to each other. 3: shit service.   That sums it up.   Shit
1	To echo the thoughts of other reviewers, I really feel that one star is giving this airline far too much credit. As tempting as the drastically-low-looking fare may seem, DO NOT be fooled into booking your trip on this joke of an airline. You WILL get screwed over one way or another-- I speak not only from personal experience, but from horror stories from my family members and friends unfortunate enough to make the same mistakes as I have.The least of my problems with the airline is the overload of fees you're charged after the low-low initial rate (gas fees, taxes, fees for any bags taken aboard, water, etc.). These fees are at least posted outright from the outset of booking one's ticket-- kind of negates the whole "budget aifare" thing, but whatever.What really gets me is the complete lack of customer service provided. They're not just rude, they're unethical. Like many other passengers, I have had multiple flights on this airline rescheduled or outright cancelled with no notice whatsoever. I have also been overbooked and involuntarily told that I would be getting a voucher for the next flight out; as they are a small airline, this can typically mean that you will be flying out in another 24-hours, so sorry if you have no means of transportation or a place to stay overnight. They don't care.If you are "lucky" enough to get seated on one of these planes, things aren't much better. You can expect to sit for over an hour on the hot, cramped, smelly plane without any explanation, sometimes having to get off for mysterious electrical problems. The seats are cramped, tiny, threadbare, and smell like they've never been sanitized in any way, shape, or form. Things continue to decline after you take off into rickety flight. I'm fine with the no-frills style of flying, but this is just not caring. My mother had the last straw with these people after her last flight from Houston to Chicago. After getting up to use the bathroom and returning to find another woman sitting in her seat, she politely stepped aside to let the woman out into the aisle and allow her to walk back to the lavatories. The woman's daughter took some kind of offense and started screaming that my mother had given her a "dirty look" and loudly berated her to the discomfort of the entire plane. Not wanting a confrontation, my mother hit her call button for a flight attendant to no avail. Another passenger walked to the galley to physically find one of them, only to find them slumbering soundly. On a two-hour flight. We attempted to contact customer service about the incident and got no response.This airline knows they're terrible and they justify it with their so-called cheap rates. They will take your money and do whatever they can to deny you service. Trust me, just pay the extra hundred dollars for a real airline. You'll be so much less sorry than having to deal with this hot mess of a company.
2	This airlines now flies out of Sky Harbor, but I would generally concur with the 2-star overall rating of this airlines. Yes, the prices are rock-bottom (even for last-minute booked flights), which is the ONLY reason anyone would ever want to consider flying with this business. Because you can expect every single flight to be delayed at least one hour. (That's been my experience after about a half-dozen flights.) And even though their website is up-to-date on flight times, if an incoming plane lands, they will quickly shuttle you onto that plane (calling "All zones") like scurrying rats, and you may actually leave BEFORE the time posted on their website. So beware if you think you have a boatload of time before takeoff only to find out the flight has already left the terminal when you arrive at your departure gate!My most-recent flight  experience was like eating fresh fish from the latest oil-spill incident. The flight was (as usual) initially posted as delayed more than an hour, but that wasn't the big problem. Which occurred after the flight we were waiting on finally arrived, and we passengers were herded onto that plane like a fast-rushing river (presumably so we wouldn't arrive as late getting to our destination); where most of us then proceeded to sit on the plane - packed like 12 oz. of sardines jammed into 8 oz. cans - in just 5 airplane rows (while the rest of the seats on the entire plane were nearly empty) for two solid two hours before taking off! That, given very limited legroom on this airline, was not much fun. (Especially since we still had a 3-hour flight still ahead of us.) I'm not sure if this is a common practice with this airlines or not to have people sit on a plane for hours prior to takeoff, but to rush passengers onto the plane like a mad dash to get out of a burning building, and then have us sit packed together like roll of coins for two hours seemed (to me) to indicate a serious lack of good judgment on the part of the employees of this airlines; to even have the passengers board in the first place (for a flight that wouldn't be taking off for another two hours) was (in my opinion) a mistake.  For it was only the AFTER the plane was leaving that we were told the plane (flying out of Minneapolis) suddenly needed to be "de-iced," but (I ask you) wasn't this fact known to this airlines BEFORE the mad dash of passengers onto the plane? And this is what took 2 solid hours for us to finally take off? Also, we were specifically instructed not to move to other seats until after takeoff (but that turned out to be two hours later) to "balance" out the plane. I can tell you this, it's not the passengers who need to be more "balanced." But this sort of thing is typical with this airlines. It reminds me of public transportation, whereby standard operating procedure is run by-the-seat-of-their-pants. You get what you pay for with Spirit Airlines. So, to say the least, this latest experience of typical delays and lack of good judgment by this airlines left me with a sour taste in my mouth, the sound of the snap of the rubber glove, and the smell of a big box of week-old mackerel; and will likely be the last straw with me and this airlines, low prices or not, until they clean up their act. Let the flyer beware.
1	To give Spirit Airlines one star would be generous.   We booked flights to Cancun,  getting there the airline was over an hour and 20 mins late leaving at 2 am...no answers,  totally stressed, they held our connection due to their mechanical error. Returning to Phoenix,  they were late again.  Four different excuses, We tried to get answers so we could switch flights or even airlines.. no one knew anything.  "I don't know" seemed to be the only phrase anyone knew.  By the time we got any answers,  it was too late.  They overbooked all flights and the earliest return to Phoenix was Thursday,  over 5 days later. They were uninformed,  unhelpful,  rude and the worst travelling experience ever.  We cancelled and rebooked with another airline.  They got us home 2 hours early.
4	I booked my flight from Phoenix to Denver because of the low fares. I too was very concerned after reading the reviews. My first contact with a Spirit employee was at the Fast Baggage Drop and she was very pleasant and professional. There was no line at all so I breezed on through and headed for my gate.  The flight was not late and we boarded on time. I had no interaction with the flight attendants, but from observing them helping other passengers,  they seemed polite and professional. Granted my flight was less than 2 hours, and I am a small person, so the cramped seats didn't seem any worse than other airlines I've flown. My return flight was also just as good as the first. Some of the reviews did sound horrible for them, and I would feel the same way were they happened to me. But for me, my round trip flights were great.  I will use them again.
1	The worst airline experience I have had in a LONG time.  I am not an airline snob, by any means, but 35 min delay to start things off surely didn't help.Customer service on the plane was good on 1 of 4 of my flights/connecting flights, all others, the attendants looked generally ticked off they had to work.The 1 star I am giving goes all to the pilots, who were TOP NOTCH.  If I could give pilots their own rating, they'd get a 5 all day.First time and last time customer.
1	Not only was a flight delayed with a 6 hour wait at the airport (Portland, OR) but after waiting all that time it was then cancelled.  There were no seats available the following morning so a flight was booked for the next night.  Mind you there was a hotel booked and paid for at the destination location (Las Vegas).  The next night the flight was delayed 2 1/2 hours.  On the return flight two days later once again the flight was  delayed 3 1/2 hours.  I will never recommend this airline to anyone and will absolutely NEVER book a flight with Spirit Airlines. I ask myself how can an airline operate with such poor service!!!!  A star rating of one is more than what this airline deserves.
1	Traveling on Spirit Airlines is like being a real-life horror movie.  The setting is in some god-forsaken nowhere outside of nowhere that stinks of death for miles. Are there slaughter houses in the area? Not sure but "Texas Horror Chainsaw Massacre "comes to mind. You have to park about a mile away from the "terminal", which is more of an abandoned hanger, cement floor and all. If you need a wheelchair, your in luck, as they are scattered everywhere, and about the only place to sit. If your diabetic, you may have to find a new way to dispose of your needles, as the needle receptacles, of which there are many, are already full to the brim. Then there is your attendants. Ours was a newby on her very first day who said she was exhausted and didn't know anything, and a dwarf lady who DID know everything but was just plain mean and nasty.There is evidence that they may fly corpses on Spirit. This is unconfirmed, but from everything I saw, I would say corpses and toxic medical waste.Then there's the plane. You climb into a rickety piece of shit that you think must only be the plane taking you to the REAL plane, but no, this is it. This is actually the plane. Your in for an uncomfortable and harrowing flight that will feel like FOREVER!The good new is, if you live to tell the tale you will vow NEVER to cheap out and fly anything that even remotely resembles Spirit Airlines EVER again!They call it Spirit because there is a very good chance you may die flying with them or maybe you already have... ( cue the Horror movie music)... dodododo doo.
1	This airline was the biggest nightmare!! This airline charges for everything including water. The biggest problem was the lack of customer service and care for any other human being. Everyone we encountered was rude, and had a "don't care" attitude. They sent my husband and I to the wrong terminal which made us miss our connecting flight then expected us to pay over a thousand dollars to get on another flight. After we got on another flight from a different airline, our baggage was impossible to retrieve. Their service counter is only open from 9-12 am and 9:30-12 pm, and there is absolutely nobody in customer service when you call or email. We will NEVER fly with this airline again, and I would not be surprised if they went out of business soon! I hope nobody every has to experience the nightmare we went through because of this terrible airline
1	I haven't even flown yet and this airline is bothering me. The website didn't work all day yesterday.  I put in all my information. Dates and times and gave my credit card info and then it was taking hours for the information to take. It kept telling me to hang in there while my order is being processed.  I tried that 3 times and waited 2 hours for each "processing". And still no tickets or confirmation.  I then tried one more time hours later and the price of the fare went up by 20 dollars each way.  Ugh!!!!  I ended up on Hotwire and purchased thru them at the original price. Then you try to call them to pay for your bags ahead of time (because if you don't you are charged 100 dollars at the gate) and they tell you that to speak to an agent may cost you.  You just don't know what magical thing you say will tip them over the edge for them to charge you for their customer service.  The website is a JOKE.  I've seen my 10 year old nephew create better websites.  Nothing works, payments don't go through, it's an absolute joke, and confusing and unprofessional.  Can't wait for the trip!!
1	I wish I had read these reviews BEFORE booking a flight. Yes, it's cheaper, but you pay for everything but ONE 16 inch carry on. The planes are tiny with no room to put your carry on under the seat in front of you. Every flight was late, which I guess they can do as they are the same planes that you connect with, so both are late. They don't let you know when to expect to board after being told the flight is late, so you don't know if you have time to potty or get food. The airport there isn't enough room for everyone to sit. The counter to drop your luggage didn't open until 1 hour before the flight even though the airport recommends a 2 hour window to get checked in etc. So we sat and waited for 2 hours. The gate in Ft Lauderdale was like the basement and very awkward in getting through their security. It wasn't anywhere near any food places so getting a snack after our 2 hour wait and before our 2.5 hour flight, with no food service, we couldn't get anything to eat.On our way to Florida, we had to get off the plane at the first stop in Dallas. On the way home to Phx, we could NOT get off the plane so we were starving by the time we got to Phx.  Not very friendly people either. By the time we paid for our luggage we could have paid the extra $40 and fly another airline. That would have been the smarter choice.
1	Bad experience ,  Your Spirit..... will be gone with these airline , very poor airline  ,poor service, the counter people seems  like you are going to go free ; you first piece of luggage 45$ carry on 50$ !!!!!!!! we did the first and the last trip with them, ticket are                    cheap but are  NOT !!!
1	There is NO WAY to contact a human for customer support. I missed my flight and tried to get someone on the line to see if I could get a credit. After 45 minutes I gave up. There is simply no way to talk to anyone in the company. $400 down the drain. I will never fly them again, ever.
1	Terrible! Forget to mention all of the extra fees! Then charge $3 for a can of soda. Are you effin kidding me?! Worst airline. Not sure what else to say . . .
1	Worst airline of all time. $47 seat each way.  $12 for seat a assignment,  and... $100 to use the overhead bin for a very small luggage, each way. $30 ok. $100 to use the overhead bin is rediculous and obviously a gouge because they know they have you at the gate. What are you going to do. I should have just bought all new clothes when I got off plane instead of bringing anything. Not a smile either from the girl at the desk just a chuckle, she enjoyed it. Never again. Don't be fooled. U will pay more on this airline than all others. They just get u later when ur trapped at the gate.
1	"Eek! Methinks not" is the perfect description of this airline's service and marketing. The first time I took Spirit I thought "Wow! What a deal!" And they are right, they don't add in any extra charges . . . at least until you want to bring your toothbrush and a set of clean underwear with you . . . then you get nickle and dimed to death! By the time it was all said and done . . . and the extra $$ for their $9 club (which incidently is not just $9 . . . they charge $69.95 to renew annually!) and if you want this . . or that . . . well, suffice it to say I ended up spending more money than if I hadn't tried to save a few $$. I swore I would never fly on Spirit again . . . but in my short-sighted frustration, I forgot to read the small legal print on a page that was hard to find  . . . so, one year later I was charged another $69.95 . . . which, of course, (now that I have read the fine print) is NON-REFUNDABLE! Ugh! Really bad marketing and really bad customer service. And just try finding out anything on their website. Ugh! Never again. Never. Never. Never. If I have to walk to grandma's house for the Holidays!
1	I would give this airline 0 stars but yelp doesn't allow me to do so. Firsts I signed up for $9  fare member in December 2012 and got charged 2 weeks ago for $70. I cancelled immediately after getting back in January 2013 but of course they couldn't pull that info up (how convenient for them to scam me more money). You have to reserve your ticket then extra for a seat and extra for water. The plane felt like 90 degrees. Both flights outgoing and incoming on my vacation were delayed by 4 hours for no good reason. Weather was fine. This is horrible horrible horrible. Spirit Airlines, if the CEO is watching, give me my $70 back plus time wasted on day before Christmas eve for trying to get back what is mine! You have no right to keep my money. It's mine and for my family! I will share this story with everyone around the Christmas table. And luckily I have the opportunity to discourage each family member before flying out there to go with a different airline company. You don't deserve anyone's business. Shame on Spirit Airlines. You probably wont give me my money back, but believe me. I am quite a blogger and know how to spread the word and have  fairly large influence in the Phoenix Area. And Leanne J who was supposed to cancel my membership confirmation A2635, shame on you for causing me to get charged. Live with that Spirit Airlines. Pretty soon, your airline company will be zero after I get the word out. You do not take money after I actively called in to cancel ,y membership big no no.
