5	I'd like to congratulate Pita Jungle on having the balls to move into the deserted shithole that is West Mesa -- someone has to do it first! Now there is a great, healthy restaurant that's open past 8 p.m (they're open 'til 10! 10 p.m.! In West Mesa! Can you believe it?!?)As typical with Pita Jungle, the food was tasty and fresh. And it was served up a little faster than some of the other locations because it was less crowded.Also, the building looks really cool. However the renovated it, they did a great job -- it's open and much sunnier than some of their other spots. I'm sure I'll be coming here a lot for weekday lunches.
4	I am so glad that Pita Jungle moved into my ever so lovely Mesa area.  I say that with just a hint of sarcasm.  I truly am happy about the arrival of a friendly, tasty and healthy dining option to my...my uh .. well Anandita put it so well.  Let's just say West Mesa is a cozy, gun ridden, overhead copter flyin-spotlight shinin', dilapidated, killer cop area.  Hell- even TGI Friday's went out of buiness here.  I have not experienced the other locations, but I love the food.  The staff has always been very friendly and quick.  I have mostly done take out.  My favorites are the Chicken Shawarma, the  jalapeno and cilantro hummus and the lentil soup.  There are many other things I am interested in trying.  The decor is desperate if I have to say anything negative, which I don't, but it is alarmingly sparse, all neutral colors, crooked hanging paintings, poor lighting and bargain sale furniture.  It is surprising because the staff is obviously artistic, as they are quite decorated themselves.
5	I love this Pita Jungle better than the one in Tempe for one reason. It's a little more open between tables and it's not so noisy.  Plus only being 5 minutes from my house makes it that much more convenient. Other than that the food is excellent (Stir fried vegetables with noodles and tofu is full of WIN.)  I will definitely eat there as long as it's open there.
4	I really like having a pita jungle close to my house!  I ate here last night for dinner, and it was tasty as always.  I ordered my 'usual' pita, the gyro.  yummy!Service was wonderful.  My server was kind, and recommended a few things to try that were made with gyro meat, after I told him that I don't think I mix it up enough sometimes.They have a seperate bar area here, and its off to the side.  Seating is open, spacious, clean and looks like all the other pita jungles that I have been too.Tasty as always!
4	the perfect take-out spot between classes. the girls at the bar are always kind and helpful. there are comfy couches to lounge on while you wait for your order. the tuna pita pizza brings so much joy into my life. small enough to eat alone when hunger overcomes me, but i can usually spare a piece if someone else is nearby.
5	I want to New York City last summer and everybody told me before I left that I would really enjoy the food!  The funny thing is, after 4 days in NYC, I only had one memorable meal, but living in the Phoenix area, I have my choice of wonderful establishments to have a delicious and memorable meal 3 times a day if I wish!Pita Jungle is a family owned restaurant that has been around for what seems like forever.  They started out in Tempe, and have exploded in the last few years to include Scottsdale, Phoenix, Mesa, and Chandler.  If the crowds are any indication, this place is good!  But let me warn you, not everyone in your party will like it.  If you're into artery clogging, fried foods or bar foods, then Pita Jungle is not for you.Pita Jungle serves some of the freshest, and healthiest food in the valley.  I believe they originally started out to be vegetarian, not sure, but there is something on the menu for everyone, including meat!One of my favorites is the Caribbean Salad; a gorgeous and colorful, mouthwatering display of the most beautiful fruit you have ever seen in your life!  There's pineapple, oranges, strawberries, apples, and more!  But beware!  The servings at Pita Jungle are huge!  A plate is usually enough for 2 people, if not more!  I can only eat about 1/4 of the Caribbean salad and then take the rest home.The restaurant is comfortable and clean, decorated kind of artsy, and modern.  If I had one complaint, it would be the one-seat ladies room!  Pita Jungle is my favorite place to take my girlfriends to lunch, since we all like fresh and healthy food.  My husband is more of a hamburger or meat and potatoes guy, this type of food just doesn't rock his world.  Anyway, if you love healthy, fresh food, salads, pita sandwiches, vegetarian, chicken wraps, and hummus, you'll love Pita Jungle!  Enjoy!
5	I really love going to Pita Jungle, the wait staff is always very friendly, and the food is Great.  Im a big fan of the Salad made of fruit.  So big a fan in fact that i cant remember the name of it.....mmmm
5	Before I moved away 5 years ago, Pita Jungle was one of the last spots I HAD to have before I departed. It was always one of my favorites. As I was driving down Southern yesterday, wandering aimlessly through the city trying to find my way around again, I stumbled upon a new Pita Jungle location that wasn't here before, and, immediately flipped the car around and found the shadiest spot possible. The decor is simple and very open, lots of windows and funky paintings on the wall. I remember the Chandler and Tempe locations being a little cluttered, but I suppose things have changed. We started with the falafel platter, which consists of 5 crispy chickpea croquettes on a bed of greens, they were cooked perfect and the flavor was great. I opted for the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap - Grilled chicken breast, tomatoes, onions, and garlic sauce, wrapped in lavosh bread and wood-fired, served with a greek salad. It was delicious, exactly as I remembered. I also had a mango-banana-pineapple smoothie, which was awesome and super refreshing on a hot day. The waitstaff were friendly and helpful and had everything out and ready within a reasonable time frame. The fact that this place has an open kitchen totally does it for me. I love it when I am able to watch the chefs prepare my food, and see how they maneuver around their kitchen. No complaints from me, I have and always will love Pita Jungle.
5	what is there to say? This place is amazing. The food is great, the service is awesome, and its as casual as casual gets. This is a great place for a date, hang out, or any occasion.
4	MMmmmm vegetarian heaven!  So many choices, I never know what to do!  This visit I tried the cilantro & jalapeno hummus, which was delicious, and the greek salad.  Always yummy!Service is always a little slow, but I like to call it more laid back....just enjoy yourself!
5	This location (finally) lives up to the name. It was a little rough going when they first opened last year- crazy echoes. Some forward thinking creative and intelligent person (no it wasn't me) put up decorative cork boards to soak up the sound. It was all good from there. The grape leaves, the lentil soup, the unchanging specials... it's the perfect escape from organic chemistry at MCC across the street. The service is usually pretty great- and good people watching too. They accommodate groups well. The baklava ice cream dessert is mouthwatering. Lemonade and ice tea always please and go very well with the macrobiotic platter or just a plate of hummus with pita.
5	Stopped in for a lite lunch and some wine. A very good house Cab.and generous pour. The food and service was great, and even a little complimentary baklava and strawberries for the road. Always a great choice. You always feel like you really had something healthy rather than just something to fill the void.
5	I loveeeeee Pita Jungle. You can;t go wrong with the red bell pepper hummus with grilled chicken or the chicken pasta salad.  Service is decent. A very chill kick back place.  Also great if your a veggie lover. two thumbs up.
2	I'm a huge fan of Pita Jungle..... just not this location.  We went in after my son's surgery across the street not too long ago, and I was a little disappointed by the layout, chintzy/crafty bathroom and wall decor, and the surprisingly lame server we got.  Next time (hopefully there won't be one like this for me anytime soon), I'd prefer to drive a few miles to either the original location on Apache/Dorsey or to the one at Dobson/Ray if it's still there.
5	This is a regular spot for me and my friends. The service is always friendly and great. The food is never bad, and they are willing to do special requests. The red pepper hummus is bomb! Just wish they had breakfast like the Tempe location!
4	i really didnt expect the setup inside when i walked in. instead of a 'get in and get out' type joint, i found a pretty nice, casual sit down restaurant with an attempt at a lounge/bar area. not bad. the menu was extensive and offered a variety of vegetarian options (i'm a meat girl so i went for the gyro). service was fast and friendly. not a bad place to go for lunch, but if you want to take out i suggest calling ahead first and putting your order in.
4	Good food. Reasonable prices. Good portions.Friendly service.
1	This review is for the Southern Ave location ONLY!!  I gave it one star because of the horrible service.  It has been bad for awhile, but since we live really close to this location, we kept giving them a second chance.  NOT ANYMORE!  The waitress took 15 mins to bring extra pitas, plus it took 45 mins to deliver our meal. She wasn't very hospitable either.  When we complained to the manager, all he said was "if ya gotta leave, leave"!!!!!  Wow, no apologies or anything.  Won't go back to this location.
4	Delicious, reasonably priced.  It can get very busy during lunch, so be prepared to wait a little while for your order.  However, the food was great, and the staff friendly.The Macro Platter was everything I needed.  Tofu, brown rice, a bean medley and veggies.  It's so easy to eat healthy here.I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in the area.
2	Another really popular place I just don't understand. It was crowded and the service wasn't that great. My grape leaves tasted like rubber and had tomatoes in them even though I asked for none.The hummus tasted like it was made from powder and the pitas were hard.
4	What Pita Jungle does, it does well. The food and service are consistent. What stands out for this location is how much more comfortable it is (both in the restaurant and in the parking lot) compared to locations on Ray, Shea, Apache Blvd, or Indian School. At this location you can be assured that:1) you'll find a parking spot immediately2) your server will pay attention to you (I'm talking to you, Ray location)3) the next table of people won't be so close that you get elbowedPita Jungle has succumbed to the huge portion fad, so order carefully or you'll end up with far more food that you need. I have found that they are willing (especially at this location) to make smaller versions of the dishes, so if you want two pieces of dolma or a half of a fruit platter, just ask.My favorite dishes are the babaganoush and the falafel. The platters are good but far too big for one person, so find someone to share. This is especially a problem with the fruit and cheese platter, which I refer to as the Matterhorn of fruit. I tried the Chicken Putanesca once; it was good, but too oily and the chicken was a bit dry. The Gambas con Ajo, on the other hand, was excellent, with its spicy marinara and perfectly cooked jumbo shrimp.This location is always clean, including the bathrooms. There is also a pseudo-bar area (do they serve alcohol?) with a lot of seating, so if you happen to arrive while the restaurant is full, you'll have somewhere nicer than a parking lot to wait.
5	I love this restaurant!  good food, great environment!!
4	You can never go wrong eating here. Everything is delicious & the staff is great.
4	Of all the Pita Jungle locations, this one is my favorite.  There is always cool art on the walls, and it's never over-crowder or noisy like the Scottsdale one.  I love their tsatziki and their mushroom burgers!  Their Mediterranean platter is probably my favorite for variety and value (it's also DELICIOUS).  The platter inclues hummus, baba ganoosh, tsatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans with two pitas...and it always fills my tummy with happiness :D
4	I'm a huge Pita Jungle fan and recently moved down to this area to become a regular at the Mesa location by MCC.  This location has a great parking lot, wide open restaurant, patio, and even a bar space (although I've never really seen actually sitting at the bar).  It's not as noisy as the other locations and not usually as crowded.  The food is great - as always.  Sometimes service is slow at this location and several times we've seen our food sitting on the counter ready for service, only to wait 5-10 minutes before it gets scooped up and delivered by the server.  All in all not a huge detriment - we come back time and time again.Don't skip dessert - they have excellent rice pudding!
5	Great food. I always get the chicken pasta and it is great oh and the lemonade is the best. If you are in the area you should really check this place out. The only down fall is the seating inside, it sort feels like a cafeteria, but other than that I think this place is great.
2	When we arrived, the hostess did not seat us but said simply to "sit wherever you want."  We chose a small table inside.  Then we waited.  And waited further.  We looked around.  We waited more for someone--anyone to show up at our table to serve us.  We thought of food.  We thought of drink.  We thought of other places to eat.  So after further waiting, we got up and left.  The hostess said "have a good night!"  Sure, we will, somewhere else!
5	Since Pita Jungle is right across the street from Mesa Community College on Southern and Dobson, I've heard a lot about it after I started attending MCC in September. Many kids in my classes have mentioned Pita Jungle and how tasty it is, so I had to see what all the hype was about. Since a few of my friends told me that the quesadilla there is better than any others around, I knew I had to give it a shot. When I sat down in the restaurant I asked my server about this, so called "best quesadilla around," and he backed up what I've heard by telling me it's one of their most ordered meals. My usual quesadilla diet consists of simple, homemade versions with tortillas and shredded cheddar cheese, or Taco Bell's small, greasy version. So, I wasn't expecting to get much more than that. Maybe because I've never really seen anything different. But what I saw when my food arrived pretty much amazed me! I was staring down at a giant, crispy mass of melty cheese and perfectly grilled chicken. The first thing I noticed was the size. Taco Bell's version is a thin layer of cheese with a little shredded chicken folded in a greasy tortilla, in a small semi-circular shape. However, Pita Jungle's version was a large, crispy, rectangular shaped pita filled easily half an inch thick with multiple cheeses, chicken, and spinach. After staring for a few minutes, I couldn't just examine it anymore, I had to take a huge bite to see if it was as wonderful as it looked; and it most surely was! The melted blend of cheddar, mozzarella, and feta cheeses was what I imagine cheese heaven to be like. The chicken was grilled to perfection with just the right ammount of crispiness, and the pieces in each bite were huge. Finally, the spinach leaves were a nice little touch that tasted great thrown in the middle of the warm, thick cheese. I ate slowly to enjoy every bite and by the end of my night, I had to cram because I was so full. Once every scrap was gone, I came to my conclusion. Pita Jungle definitely has the best chicken quesadilla I've ever eaten, by a landslide! It has the tastiest ingredients, best portion size, and is down right the most beautiful meal I've layed eyes upon. Let me also point out that the service was super speedy for such a huge and delicious meal. I went on a Friday night, and even thought the restaurant was packed, it only took minutes for my meal to arrive. To make a long story short, I would highly recommend Pita Jungle's chicken quesadilla to anyone!
4	Fantastic Humus! Yummy! I had a great experience at Pita Jungle the other night. My group and I were sat at a table promptly and our drink order came out quickly. The service was just ok, the waitress forgot one of our appetizers and it ended up come out after our meal:( eeek. But other than that mishap, everything tasted great! The prices are moderate and it had a good atmosphere. I also checked out the bathrooms and they were clean and tidy! Thumbs up for that! Next time I'm craving humus I will go back:)
5	I had the third best falafel of my life here... and that's saying a lot. Falafel is one of the staples of my diet when traveling on the road, and I've had so much variety that I've become quite picky about what I like. My buddy Shane from Mastodon Body Piercing brought me here when I was in town, and I was thoroughly impressed. The waiter was attentive despite the restaurant being packed, the food was scrumptious, and it wasn't outrageously priced. The decor was inviting. I look forward to eating here again in the future.
4	Tuesday, a visiting family member decided to take eight of us to dinner and one of the girls selected Pita Jungle.  I am now sad to say that I had never been.  Both the food and the experience were excellent.I had the Chicken del Sol (a Southwest style chicken cooked with diced tomatoes, garlic, black beans, and sweet corn), which comes with a chipotle cheddar pita crisp.  The chicken itself was better than most, but what really made the meal was the chipotle cheddar pita.  It complimented the dish perfectly.  Perhaps most surprising were the portion sizes, given the relatively low cost.  I did not expect to have so much food.Serving eight people is difficult for anyone, but the waitress handled our party's size decently well.  The only mistake we had was an incorrectly-prepared dish, which the staff replaced without a fuss.  It is the only thing keeping my review from being five stars.We've already made plans to go back...
4	We discovered Pita Jungle when our daughter gave us a newspaper article that discussed the best places for vegan/vegetarian dining in the Phoenix area.Pita Jungle was on the list and since it was near our hotel, we decided to give it a try.It's not strictly a vegan/vegetarian restaurant---it does serve entrees with meat, chicken and fish.Upon first entering, we noticed that the decor was nothing to write home about.  However, we feel that doesn't matter if the food is good.  We were greeted by our server who told us to pick a table and she would bring us some menus.  She was very friendly and helpful.  In fact, she talked us through the menu---even making some suggestions.  Surprisingly, despite the restaurant's name, she suggested not ordering a pita sandwich because---as she put it---you can get pita sandwiches in many other places.  She also warned us that their entree portions were huge.We decided to go with two of her recommendations.  I ordered the Lavosh Sharwarma Wrap and my husband ordered the Lentil Fatoosh Salad.About the Lavosh Sharwarma Wrap---Lavosh is sometimes called Armenian cracker bread and comes in a crisp or soft version.  This wrap had the soft version which still had a cracker like consistency.  It was very tasty---the chicken was moist and flavorful, the grilled vegetables (tomatoes and onions) were well prepared and complimented the chicken quite well.  However, the garlic sauce which had a mayonnaise look and consistency was on the bland side.   This sandwich comes with a Greek salad.  I asked the waitress if I could get the salad without Feta Cheese since I'm not a fan.  She said that was OK.  The salad had lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, cucumbers and Kalamata olives that had pits in them.  The dressing was a lemon vinaigrette.  All in all a great meal.  And, yes, it was quite filling.  I ended up bringing half the sandwich to our daughter!About the Lentil Fatoosh Salad.  This consists of lentils and rice with carmelized onions over mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, pita chips and lemon vinaigrette.  My husband---much to his suprise---really enjoyed it.  I tasted it and agreed with him.   The flavors melded very well together.  Again, he also couldn't eat it all and our daughter got some of that!When we asked our waitress for boxes, she said, basically, "See?  I told you it was a lot of food!"To drink, I had their freshly made lemonade and it was very refreshing---not too tart yet not too sweet---and refills were free!  My husband had an orange flavored Pellegrino water.  He was quite surprised to see that on the beverage menu!It's too bad we're not planning any more Arizona trips as our daughter is moving or we certainly would return to this Pita Jungle!
4	here's the plan. First get in your car, drive Pita jungle and get whatever is in the menu! everything (except dishes with olives, i hate olives) is delicious! and get Tabor as server! shes super nice!
5	What? Nothing with grease? My wife and I drove by the Mesa Pita Jungle today and decided to stop by. This is not a place I would normally visit. I like meat, pizza and all of the other unhealthy things you can think of. But we were in the mood for Mediterranean food, and had little time to drive around. Last time I was in Pita Jungle was back in the 1990's. So, for me, this was almost like my first visit, and for my wife it was really her first visit. I'm so glad we stopped here. The focus here, of course, is on healthy Mediterranean cuisine.So, there are a few key items missing from the typical Mediterranean menu. But what Pita Jungle does it does very well indeed. I had the chicken shawarma pita, the closest thing to my normal unhealthy diet I could find. My wife had the Mediterranean plate. We shared both. Lots stood out here. The baba ganoush was, perhaps, the best I have ever had--certainly right up there. The falafel was also outstanding. My chicken shawama was also very, very good. Everything was good, but those three really stood out as superb. Service was also outstanding. We were seated outside and not neglected in the least. Food was on the table in minutes. Just great.I started to give Pita Jungle four stars because I don't want people to think I'm an easy grader. But the food was great, service was great, the atmosphere was even nice, though we were outside next to the parking lot. I have to go with five.
2	Honestly, the service at this Pita Jungle is the worst. There's always something wrong. (And yet, we keep coming back). The first bad experience was when we asked to move tables because ours was dirty. The server audibly sighed and acted as if it was a huge hassle. The second bad experience was when they brought us the wrong food. Bringing chicken to my vegan friend never ends up well for him or for the wait staff who has to bear the brunt of his fury. The third bad experience happened on the last visit. Dirty cups. Gross.The food is the same as other locations. Mostly delicious, but often the food is inconsistent. The potatoes are usually tasty, but always come out to varying degrees of doneness. Same with the lentil soup, sometimes it's thick, sometimes its thin. I like the Mediterannean Platter and they get kudos for allowing substitutes (since I don't like their baba ghanoush.
4	Love this place! Always a good option. There are so many delicious items on the menu. The staff is always helpful and friendly. I highly recommend Pita Jungle to anyone in the mood for greek food. The lentil fetoosh is amazing!
4	Absolutely in love with Pita Jungle now! Nice relaxing low key place to get a bite to eat. Walked it and picked out wherever we wanted to sit. Nice selection of gyros, salads, pizza's etc. Service was great. My sister whp is picky as hell ordered a salad that did ended up not being what she thought it was and they exchanged it for something else she wanted without any problems. I was willing to pay for both, but they were awesome about it and exchanged it with no charge! Sometimes you might get a waiter/waitress who would act bitchy about this and given the fact they were so cool about it, def earned them extra brownie points. Everyone enjoyed their food and the pesto pizza is fan.tas.tic. Non greasy food that you actually feel good about eating. Glad i checked this place out..great prices, good food and service.
4	LOVED Pita Jungle. Very Fresh, Very delicious, Very affordable.We tried the beef gyros, the falafel pita, a kids plate, and a piece of carrot cake.  The Beef Gyro had a pickle on it, which we thought was strange, but it WORKED, YUM!  It was on a nice soft flat bread with beautiful greens topping it.The Falafel was on a toasted/almost crispy pita and was flavorful as can be.  Also with beautiful greens and a delicious tahini based sauce.the kids plate was amazing, no blue boxed stuff here...delicious tangy grilled lemon chicken, homemade mac'n'cheese, really green, fresh beautiful broccoli, and a side of fresh fruit with a drink for $4.95The Carrot cake=moist and delicious, but I probably would leave the caramel sauce off. It actually worked with the cake, but was a little too sweet for my tastes.  The service was a teensy bit slow, but it was very busy today, probably because of the extensive vegetarian list and Ash Wednesday being the day of our vist. But that said, the service was also attentive and friendly.Decor was fun and funky, very bohemian, so were the staff there.Loved it.
4	Delicious,  good service
2	Star ratting is based on SERVICE!!Service is unreliable.  Sometimes you get ok service, but a majority of the time its HORRIBLE service.  I've had waitresses make a fuss when we wanted to change tables cause she seated us at a dirty table.  My potatoes arrived burnt and i got attitude when I asked for new ones (they were literally black).On another occasion I was served a chicken wrap (I am vegan, and ordered veggie).  I didn't know it was a chicken wrap until I bit into the wrap.  Had a discussion with the manager about that.On a separate occasion, I received a dirty cup, so I asked for a different glass.  The waitress was too busy or couldn't be bothered to help us so a "runner" brought out a new glass.  This glass was ALSO dirty (there were black marks on the glass)...the runner had an attitude and suggested he bring me a disposable cup, finally he brought me a clean glass.The food is just as unreliable, but I'd say more often than not it is good, just not worth the service.  If it was not so hard to eat vegan in the valley I probably would never come here.  The hummus is ALWAYS yum yum yum.
1	I have been to this location multiple times, and everytime it gets worse.  The staff tends to be rude, and for the most part you can't find anyone to help you.  My first visit was just me and my fiance.  We waited thirty minutes before someone even took a drink order.  Then we waited another hour before our food got there.  I had the Chicken greek salad.  The chicken was so overcooked that even my dog wouldn't eat it.  The gyro looked like rubber.  I decided to give the place  a second try.  I went there today, there were three of us.  It took thirty minutes to have a person even look at our table.  Two other tables that were seated fifteen minutes after us had food and drink already.  We had our menus closed and were looking for the staff.   Finally someone took our drink order.  Another thirty minutes later we get the wrong drinks, five minutes after that our drinks.  Our food order took almost an hour and a half.  We had a pita burrito, a chicken wrap (also overcooked), and a gyro (still rubber).  I would not recommend this place to anyone, even my worst enemy.  When we finally just asked to get our food boxed to go (still not at the table), we got attitude from the staff.  The staff is rude, inconsiderate, and they lack hygiene.  DO NOT GO HERE!! You are better off going hungry.
5	Pita Jungle is my gold standard for Mediterranean food. Sure, it's more fusion than authentic, but the food is amazing, the portions are huge, and the prices are fantastic. Every single time I come here, I get the Hummus with Chicken. They make hands down the best hummus I've ever had. It's smooth, creamy, with just the right balance of tahini, garlic, and garbanzo beans. They serve it with delicious hot, chewy pitas, and top it with a whole lot of roasted, spiced chicken and pine nuts. Outstanding. Their other obvious Greek choices are damn good as well. The baba ganoosh is beautifully roasted and mashed, with just a bit of spiciness to it. The falafel is perfectly fried, without being burned or soggy, and richly flavored with cumin and chickpeas. The taboule is absolutely stellar and brightly flavored with parsley and lemon. The pizzas and pita wraps are all pretty large, especially for the price. They offer a fair diversity of pre-arranged combos: everything from a philly cheesesteak pita (for the less adventurous) to a chipotle chicken lavosh pizza. There are salads and pastas as well, also presenting a mix of Mediterranean cuisine with more familiar flavors. Personally, I love the pizzas and end up ordering one about every time I go, my favorite being the lavosh pizza.Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything here. Everything is fresh, healthy, delicious, and enormous. Even the daily specials have nearly always been wonderful (barring a poorly executed attempt at Tikka Masala). The wide diversity of the menu means that even people who don't care for Greek food will be able to find something enjoyable. But, the high quality of food also means those people may end up changing their minds.
5	Update April 2013 - Love PJ!!! Had some new burger on the menu toda with real beef too!! It was this month's special I think...Anyhow, it was TASTY...and I was smothering it with more hummus and siracha...mmmm.....(cleaning up drool).So Rachel is the best server and this is mainly to give a shout out to her. She always remembers what we like to drink, that we get veggies with the hummus and not the pita, and the other sinful indulgences that we love to eat. A good server knows their customer, is prompt with service, and has a smile on their face. She really does enjoy her job and that makes a huge difference. I think this PJ has the best food and service out of the ones that I have eaten at. Rachel is a big reason that we keep coming back. If you go, hopefully you get her :) and you should have a great experience. Just don't be a bitchy land-hag or douchebag because nobody likes those customers anyhow!!
2	I used to love, love, love Pita Jungle. I went to ASU and it got me through college. After college, its the place I could eat a nice meal when on a diet. I always liked the food and casual friendly atmosphere. My last visit there left me feeling decidedly "meh". The service was so casual that we barely saw our waitress once after ordering: to bring the bill. There were 3 of us - we ordered 3 apps and 3 dinners.  Dinner was "fine", though I remember it tasting "fresher" but what'ev. I wasn't expecting 5-star anything. It was a casual dinner with friends. Also, you should know that if you want extra pitas with your apps, you can expect them to arrive with the bill. So, if you go: be patient and order extra pitas when you order your iced tea.
3	I believe this is the first Pita Jungle I ever went to. A friend took us there after an event out in Mesa, and told us how good it was. If I had just visited this location and no other PJ restaurants, I would probably give this one at least 4 stars. However, after visiting at 2 other locations since then, I'd say that this Mesa PJ wasn't the best.Our waitress was very nice. We ordered a Pita Pizza, with Glazed-Chicken Lavosh Pizza I believe. While ordering, our friend started a huge conversation with the waitress about how evil onions are, and how we would not like onions on our pizza at all. The waitress decided to join our impromptu anti-onion club and everything! However, once the pizza came... there were tons of onions all over. We don't have anything against onions, but our friend hates them. They took the pizza back and made us a new one, but we were a bit disappointed with the entire situation. The rest of the food was good, although I don't really remember what we ordered. The pizza, once cooked to our specifications, was quite delicious! Overall, not a bad experience, but when compared to other locations I am now a bit disappointed.
3	I went to this location the other day for a quick (and cheap) late ish night dinner. The food was delicious.... the service was terrible! I ordered the grilled chicken with hummus appetizer and got it was the garlic dip and the cilantro and jalapeno hummus. This is so wonderful... I love the different kinds of dip and the chicken is really flavorful, plus they give you a ton of food, so I took half home for another day. The BF got the beef gyro.... it was a little weird. The beef is all thin sliced and kind of looks like Steakums or something. The flavor wasn't great.... they really should use chunks of beef or something. Anyway, the flavor was ok, not great but not bad. The real problem was the service. We were seated and then sat there with no service for about 10 minutes. Finally, someone came around to take our drink and food order. He was friendly enough, but he didn't give us any silverware or napkins and he didn't come around and fill our waters at all. I thought this really put a damper on the experience. Of course, I will come back because this place is close, cheap, and tasty... but next time I will get it to go.
4	I like this location, but I get tired of PJ's menu. It's great if you are vegetarian, cause they know beans, but I am always looking for some sophistication in a veg menu- like adding some carmelization, smoking, chargrilling, or stewing- processes that add complexity of flavor.The food always tastes fresh, but not fussed over.I dig the space here, tho- sparse and sophisticated, but earthy and casual- without trying too hard. Enjoyable stuff when you're in the mood.
3	While this Pita Jungle location isn't my absolute favorite (I like the Arcadia location much more), it gets the job done. Since I work in Mesa, where the to-go lunch options are VERY slim, I know I can rely on this place if I'm starving and in a rush. One of the nice things is that I can either call in my order or place my order online, and then pick it up in a flash.Some of my menu favorites are the: pesto pizza, grilled veggie salad and cilantro jalapeno hummus. One of the nice things about pita jungle's menu is that the food isn't greasy and I don't feel like an oinker after scarfing down my lunch.The atmosphere at this particular location is much more casual than the PJ in Arcadia, and the service is A-OK. I guess this place just doesn't get me really excited, but the food is good, healthy and somewhat close to my office in downtown Mesa.
3	The food is good and you should give it a try. It is not my favorite but I went there thrice when I am in the mood for pita. I gave them three stars because their gyro pita is really good, but the rest of the other food had too much cheese in it. the atmosphere is cute! I like the art on the wall and the small living room for people to relax and drink their wine.
5	The service was incredible! David is a wonderful server! The food was fantastic as it always is at Pita Jungle! Fresh and yummy! The falafel was the best i've had! The portion sizes are HUGE and I can make 3 meals out of 1 from there, an the pricing for it is so reasonable! I highly recommend this place!I've seen reviews from other people of this place, and maybe they didn't have the best service, but the other 2 locations I have been to, the one in Tempe and the one in Phoenix, have all been positive.  From what I was told, this place is all about the simplicity of food and the less done to it the better, as well as maintaining a casual atmosphere.  I appreciate this approach as the more you add to food, the less healthy it can become.  It is a very casual atmosphere, and since it is not a corporate establishment, you should not expect the wait staff to act like they come from a corporate owned restaurant unless they did, like our server was.  There are some non-vegetarian options as well as mostly vegetarian, and so far I have not had 1 disappointing meal.  My fiance, who's first Pita Jungle experience this was and is an avid eater, was extremely impressed with this place.  It's definitely worth the money and the food is very, very good!
4	Love their menu and the atmosphere! Great deals, too.
4	We love getting take out from Pita Jungle! We love the humus! Yum-yum. And I always get the tabbouleh. I love that it's so tasty and healthy. I also tried the turtle cheesecake recently. I am not really a cheese cake fan but wanted something sweet. It was delicious! My only complaint is sometimes they forget things. A couple months ago our order was incomplete. I called to complain and they apologized and said they would refund us some money but they never made the refund. So if you get take out from here just check your order before you leave.
3	Pita Jungle is a safe bet for good fresh food. Their servings are huge, so be prepared to leave with leftovers or a stomach ache. I also loved that they had their entire menu on the calorie counter app. I have on my phone. I take what I eat pretty serious and knowing the nutrition facts really makes ordering food much simpler. If you aren't as picky as I am everything on the menu is great. They unfortunately don't have avocado otherwise I would have given them 4 stars. I recommend the broiled chicken salad, it's delicious.
3	I have been to several different Pita Jungle locations, and this one is the least inviting. The food is fine, fresh ingredients competently assembled. This particular location just has a "vibe" problem-can't put my finger on it precisely. Perhaps it's too cavernous, maybe too institutional feeling-I don't know. Maybe I just don't like the artwork-but this is not a place I enjoy sitting down to a meal.The service is very hit-or-miss (they either wanna sit down and eat with you or you have to hunt them down just to pay and get out) and like I said, the ambiance is...weird, for lack of a better term. I perfer the one in Tempe much better for atmosphere, even the one in Chandler. This location is perfectly adequate for picking up dinner on the way home from work.
3	High quality food. Hipster quality service.
5	I use to love coming here when we lived in Mesa. I don't know how many times I've been. Awesome food, awesome drinks, great atmosphere, and we've always had good service. I've hardly ever said that about a restaurant. No complaints here.
3	I really love the food here. The chicken and hummus appetizer is my favorite. The service really sucks. I've limited myself to take out, just so i dont have to deal with it. I hate saying this because I have a friend who waitresses here, but its the truth!But like I said, great food, so if your hungry for some food to take out, then this is your place :)
4	We were invited back to try out the service, and since I love the food here I had no problem coming back.I will say our service was much better than what I stated in my earlier review. Our waitress was very friendly, funny, and had some great suggestions. Glad I can come back here to grub. :) Come eat here!!
3	This place was great the first dozen or so times (although their Dobson and Ray location is much better).  The menu gets old after a few times.One crazy experience: My husband and I had a hard time getting drinks, then ordering, then the check.  We could never find our waitress, as she kept disappearing for long periods of time and finally asked the manager to help. When he brought out our food my husbands meal was wrong and the mgr comped us his meal.At the end of the meal, the waitress returned to our table and apologized by letting us know that she was having "female bathroom issues". THOSE WERE HER EXACT WORDS! We could've gone without knowing that, but at least she waited until after our meal to give us the rundown.
4	Love pita jungle! Love the food, the philly cheesesteak is my fav, the service could be a little better, sometimes I feel like they just don't want to be working, but the food is a+
4	I recently discovered this place and it is right around the corner from my office.  I love the jalapeno cilantro hummus.  What combination!  I don't love that they charge you for extra pita.  It feels like a bad commercial (remember the got milk commercials where the guy thinks he's in heaven and is stuffing his face with cookies only to find out there is no milk?) but I guess it's a jungle out there trying to get pita.  Maybe my expectation is too high and shouldn't assume you can have another piece of pita bread for your hummus.  At any rate, I've been here a few times now and would recommend the place.  They have a guava lemonade that really is refreshing and I have to give a least for stars for that.  They gyros are also great.
4	Fantastic food and good service. I will definitely repeat.
5	This location by far is my favorite of all of the pita jungles in the area.Great service the Pita's are always fresh and the Green tea is always amazing! If you havnt had the Babaganosh its a must have!! I bring all of my family and friends from Chicago here when they come to visit and they wish they had an amazing place like this back in the city!!
5	Today was my first time eating here and our waitress Alex was the best! She was really patience with us and answered our questions about the menu.... She really made our first experince memorable!  Last but def not least... The food was really fresh and the portions were big! We got the sharwarma I think thats how u spell ... So delish ! Can't wait to try out more things on the menu... Excited for happy hour!
5	Hands down the best! Need to open one in Portland
4	Their baba ganoush is out of this world. I ordered the veggie wrap. It was huge. Two people could have shared it. The place is a hipster heaven, so if that's not your thing, look elsewhere.
5	I love this place, highly recommend trying the hummus and chicken. Ask for pita chips instead of the regular pita. Also got to try the broiled chicken salad, so good.
4	SOO GOOD AND SO HEALTHY! Their best plates are the Chipotle Black Bean Burger and the 5 Cheese Spinach Quesadilla with Chicken. Get 'em! You will not be disappointed!
4	Yummy food, okay service, nice looking place.
4	This restaurant is fun to go to if you want some healthy alternatives or some Mediterranean Food. I had the spinach mozzarella quesadilla the first time there and it was tasty.  The next time I went, I had the black bean burger, which was freaking delicious, it was so filling, I didn't even notice I wasn't having meat and believe me, I love my beef.  My only issue with this restaurant is that the service staff all wear regular street clothes, so sometimes it is hard to flag down a waiter because they look like customers.
5	I've never been anything but complete satisfied with the food and service at Pita Jungle. I'd recommend them to anyone interested in a great, healthy meal.
4	This is the best Pita Jungle I've been to in the Valley. These places can attract some insufferable hipsters, service staff and customers both. This one is much more laidback and pleasant.
4	This was my 1st visit to Pita Jungle and even though I had seen ads for it; I had not given it a try. It is very busy at lunch and seems to draw a good crowd. I had the hummus plate and a Gyro and a lemonade. The hummus was as fresh as you could get and I am sure it did not have the chemicals or preservatives you get with store bought hummus. I could not even finish the gyro which I will split with someone next time I go. The lemonade was fresh too, but very tart. I think I will go with tea next time the acid in the lemonade did not agree with me. The service was fast and friendly. Overall if you are looking for healthy alternatives this is the place.
3	This was my first trip to a Pita Jungle . . . and though I had heard great things . . . I was not really impressed.The restaurant was about half full and it still took about 10 minutes for our server to stop and get our order . . . I guess four businessmen just weren't as good looking as the four ladies next to us in there heels and skirts . . . it was a nice view though, I will have to omit.I was expecting much more from the food . . . especially when it took another 15 minutes to arrive.  I ordered the Gyro Pita . . . it was suppose to be warm . . . the Pita it self was hot and soft . . . the lamb was cold and leathery.Will I give Pita Jungle another try . . . probably some day . . . but it definitely will not be my first choice.
5	Are you kidding me?  This place is the best.  Healthy, tasty, good food that wont kill you.
4	Tasty place. Our server was super nice without being intrusive. A bit loud (due to a small child with his video games at a very close table) but not so that I couldn't hear my companion. Nice selection of food-- I'm not used to seeing so many vegetarian options, so I was well pleased. I had about a billion glasses of iced tea (our server kept swooping into refill my glass) and a delicious pesto pizza that I'd happily order again. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more options.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley, ever.  This location in particular is my fave.  Years ago I'd go there when I was taking classes at MCC.. I came so often that a waitress remembered my order when I went back recently.  It's very laid back, but I think one thing that separates this location from the others is that the servers are super nice and chill, not hipster and weird.  Sorry.. I just felt so judged when I went to other places haha.  :)  Food-wise.. the hummus is a MUST.  I can't decide if I like the cilantro/jalapeno or the roasted bell pepper better.  When in doubt, they will give you both.  I always order the chicken pasta salad for my meal, which is huge and can be split into two meals.  It's pretty basic, pasta with grilled chicken and a super delish lemon vinaigrette.  They have great green tea too!Definitely a great place to visit.. especially if you're looking to avoid a super heavy, fattening meal.  It's hard to leave this place and feel guilty.
4	Easy to find because it is a stand alone location. I found the seating to be open and great for a large group at this location. As always the food was delicious and the food came quickly. The service is also wonderful. We were quickly seated and our orders were placed. I will definetely be returning
4	Love, love, love this place! Healthy eating in a nice vibe place! I always get the Shwarma  and the hummus is so fresh. Like the rotating art that they have from various artists and the local feel it has to it.
4	I love Pita Jungle! Such a refreshing menu for this area that's mostly filled with greasy Mexican food and fast food. The Mediterranean salad and the cilantro jalepeno hummus are amazing and so fresh tasting! I do have a couple suggestions for Pita Jungle- offer food that is organic and Non GMO. And also with the order of hummus you should be able to choose if you would like pita bread or veggies to dip it with for those who do not tolerate grains. The one time I asked for veggies in place of pita I was brought a small plate of about 6 cucumbers that left me with lots of hummus and nothing to dip with and I was charged for them.
3	Of the few times I've chosen to eat here, I've always been undecided on what I want. Honestly because the menu never had anything on it that stood out to me. Or so I thought. Now I automatically know what I'm getting every time- the chicken tiki masala! Still, it hasn't gotten old. Though it doesn't match the names plate over at India Oven, it is still on point, here it jus feels healthier and lighter. The portion is very plentiful too.    As for service, very attentive yet not to bothersome, I've mostly been there with large groups and the server handles it well. And any place that offers to go drinks is always a plus for me.
1	WORST place I have ever been to!!! The service was TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We got there after a few of our party who already ordered & when we were met by the idiot waitress after 15 mins of being there we FINALLY are able to order drinks & the others get their food. We were only about 5 mins behind the other people in the party. After another 10 mins just to get drinks we try to order. I ask if there is a small burger for my 6 year old & I am told they only have big burgers & NOTHING for kids. So I ask my daughter about other items on the menu & what she wants after a few mins then our idiot waitress then informs me they have a kids menu with kids sized food.. even though she JUST told me they do not serve kids sized food. I order nachos with no onions & pico. Just to get my food & have onions in the beans. When I ask the idiot waitress about the onions in the beans she replies '' ooohhh ya, I guess I should have told you there were onions in the beans since you didn't want any" I send them back & order a pita with melted cheese. We get out bill & the nachos I SENT BACK & DID NOT EAT were still on our bill. The idiot waitress says '' ummmm well I just kept that on there & didn't put the pita & cheese on there" I say " ummm there is a difference in price..." she says" umm well do you want a $5 gift card?" I tell her I am never going to go back there so that wont be necessary. If you want GOOD service DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!
4	No complaints!! Great food and will try again.
5	I like this place, good location, good service, they had a yummy seasonal shake-pumpkin spice I think- it was amazing! Just a great place to go and in the summer I love eating on the patio.
5	perfect staff! they are fast and do not make you wait and are not RUDE like the other! Ive been to other pita's and they all think they are the only ones but this one is such a chill mesa location and close to tempe. if you looking for good food and a chilll/clean night go!
5	Pretty much all the food I have had here is amazing. Their recipes are simple, clean and delicious! This is definitely one of the places I am going to miss after I move.
2	Hummus is barely good if you have had any home made Hummus. Gyro meat is solid, but doesn't have the freshness. Pita bread is definitely old and unsavory. They should learn from some of the fine pita bread bakeries in Los Angeles. None of the food options stand out to me and I do love Greek food.
1	Worst service EVER!!!! Was seated for over 20 minutes before anyone came to our table. Oh and we had to waive someone down, and they proceeded to tell us they weren't our server. When we were finally waited on, the server was just plain rude. I love pita jungles food, but would not recommend going to sit down and eat at the Pita Jungle on Southern and Dobson!!
1	Servce was very disappointing.  Waited 20 minutes for someone to take just our drink order.   Getting our ckeck wasn't any easier  this was my second attempt at this location. First time was a to go order, got all the way back to work an only had half my order No Pita!!  I-ronic ugh!!    Never again sad to say i love the food.
4	Food was good but it took almost 30 min to get the food with no one in the restaurant
4	Food here is always delicious and the staff is friendly. It's a very laid back atmosphere and kid friendly.
4	First time eating here last night. Started off with the hummus for an appetizer and got the gyro for my main meal. Everything was excellent..
1	Very disappointed!  While my husband and I love Pita Jungle, we had a very bad experience at this about 2 weeks ago when some friends from KC came to visit.  We arrived about 5:30pm, placed our order and everything seemed fine until we realize it was quarter after 6.  Husband went to find the manager to see what took so long, because we noticed a nearby table got their food when they arrived 10 minutes or so after us.  Manager said he will check on the order and come talk to us.  We waited, but he didn't come out.  When we left we went thru the main dining area (we were on the patio) to see if he was on his way to talk to us.  We left because they had a seminar to go to that night and couldn't wait any longer.  The entire evening was horrible because we went to Jack in The Box next to Pita Jungle and inhaled the food, which gave some of us a heartburn.
3	My family came from out of town and they are hard to please because of their pickyness. But, I will say Pita Jungle isn't too bad, I just felt like I was entering in hipster territory.. But I digress, it was good food our waitress was very helpful.
2	got sick from the hummus... other than that the other food was good. I just wouldn't return.
5	Another great experience at Pita Jungle!I've been here many times, but hadn't written a review until today.We started off with a mix plate of roasted bell pepper hummus, jalapeno/cilantro hummus and baba ganoosh.  It came with two pitas and all three were very tasty!Next up was the broiled chicken salad. Very tasty and the lemon vinaigrette dressing was delicious!  My friend tried the lavosh shawarma warp and enjoyed it very much.  The garlic sauce makes that wrap!Our server, Skyler was excellent as well.  Everything just when you expected it.  Made many suggestions that applied to what we were ordering.  Genuinely gave a damn about what he was doing. Last but not least, offered up "to-go" drinks at the end of our meal.  Not in any way trying to get us to leave, just a nice touch before leaving.Other things that may or may not matter to anyone reading this:It has a nice patio and open floor plan inside.Keep in mind it's directly across the street from Mesa Community College.  I notice all different kinds of people when dining here.  It adds to the whole experience for me.  I'm not hung up on clothing choices or body art my server(s) wear, as long as they are doing a great job.Will I continue to go here?  Absolutely!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat fresh and healthy.  The service is usually great at this location.
4	Great food, a little bit pricy for my liking but not anything overwhelming. The hummus and pita bread are awesome. My wife and I go here when we want something a little bit more fresh and light weight than our normal restaurant picks. Just be prepared to see a bunch if hipsters covered in tattoos and in jean shorts as the wait staff. It took me by surprise the first time I went in.
1	Worse Pita Jungle ever! We waited 25 minutes and the waitress never checked up on our table, to make sure our drinks were still full...and we never got our hummus appetizer! This is the worst experience at Pita Jungle EVER. I didn't even want to give them one star, but you have too, in order to review. We left without getting our food. No one even stopped us when we left. My husband had to go back in to talk with the Manager about the crappy service.
4	The black bean chipotle burger is my favorite thing on the menu to order (because I'm fake healthy) the chicken Shawarma is also a  house favorite I always recommend that for first timers. Pita jungle is nestling ground for hipster food junkies and the atmosphere reflects that. It's s great place for groups and late night dates for two. Super chill vibe and music is always A-1.
1	Had never been to one of these before today when I decided a gyro would be good.  Well it wasn't.  The Dr. Scholl's shoe insert looking meat with the texture and shape of spam was disgusting.  Please tell me who puts pickles and lettuce on a gyro?  Yep!  This place.  The pita bread was good and the sauce was good  This is what happens when vegans think they can cook.
1	Food is always great, however ive been here at least 6 times and each time I was never greated, the waiter ignored me, I saw my food sit under heat lamp while waiter fluttered about not doing his job, no refils, and overall standoffish attitude of the staff will make not recommend this location.
5	I have been ordering food to pick up from this location, and they are always prompt and courteous.  Plus they get my order right every time.  Recently dined in at their Tempe location, and it was great as well.  So I think this restaurant chain is well managed.
4	This place is a good choice for healthy food that is tasty. They are always friendly to :-)
4	Due to our current health craze this was an awesome place that fit right in to our needs.  All their dishes are so refreshing and yummy. My favorite is their roasted pepper hummus.. omg amazing! I can't really comment on one dish because they are all really yummy.  Will update after I've gone a few more times
5	Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Beer list rocks. Cool hip vibe.  I will be back!
4	I love Pita Jungle chains, which are located throughout the city! The food is sooo good (hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoo, gambos con ajo, garlic dip, mussels, etc, etc) & they have bomb happy - reverse happy - hour specials! They have good margaritas $2 & you can try just about all the starters between $2-$3. The food was good but my drink...I didn't like the fact that I ordered a pitamosa & my waitress brought it to me w. a bug in it. & I didn't like I had to sit there for like 10 mins for her to come back & me have to tell her to take it back. Also, I noticed the bartender sitting there just talking before bringing "my" drink to another table & walking to the kitchen to sit it down & wait for my waitress to bring it to me.?. They were like confused in there & need to step their game up becos other Pita's I have been to have been a lil' bit better in experience. But, the chefs, I love! They have flavor! Bomb spot for Vegan & Mediterranean lovers. Would love some WIFI, would be nice to add there.
5	Been here 100 times, and probably come back 100 more.....pita jungle rules all.
5	This evening dinner was calling, so off to our favorite healthy restaurant. We visit at least 2-3 times a month.  We have always have had good service. All the waitress and waiters are always polite and willing to make sure everything is top notch.Tonight Bre was our waitress, her attention to our quality of food and drink was impressive. Her caring attitude as the other employees display keeps us coming back again and again. When we have out of town guests, they always ask "dinner tonight at Pita Jungle?"  Bring back the Kafta burger!! Yummy !!
2	I'm pretty in love with everything on the menu, but, Kathleen, what's the point of rattling off my "to go" order if you aren't going to actually CHECK the food?  You didn't even ring it up right.  You read my order to me accurately, but I received exactly what was on the check, which you rung up incorrectly.  And while you say you're genuinely sorry, I wasn't going to drive back to the restaurant so you could make it right.
4	I eat here about once a week and I love the service.  We usually order the same 5 items and they are always made correct amd taste the same every time.  This location has a great feeiling that not all locations possess.
5	Pita Jungle is always delicious! This location is my favorite that I have visited. Very friendly staff and a giant patio! Our waitress Morgen was friendly and did an excellent job, considering how busy it was. Of course, we will be back!
4	This place was great.  Me and my coworkers went there today.  I got a Chicken Schwarma, my two friends got a salad, and the twhc was to die for.  Service was a little slow, but hey, it's right across the street from MCC.  And it was on the lunch hour.  Can you say "packed to the gills"?  It was.  The food was fresh and good tasting, the mahi (which I've had before and is my favorite) was so good, cooked well, and came with some wonderful pasta salad.  I love this place.
5	Great food selections made of high quality ingredients. I know I am getting handmade meals of fresh, real food, not food/like products. Everyone is super nice. They have Customer service right. Hummus and tabouli are amazing as well as gazpacho.
5	My wife and I had dinner at Pita Jungle and I love this place.  Our waitress Liz, recommended the Curry chicken salad and it was amazing.  My wife is unfamiliar with Mediterranean food and Liz was very helpful and informative with the menu.  The food was good and the service made it even better.  I will definitely be back again.
4	I went here in July while visiting Arizona. Being vegetarian I had to check this place out. I ordered a large hummus. I was short on time but within 10-15 minutes received my food promptly with great customer service. I recommend this place.
1	The service was mediocre, nothing special. The waitresses don't tell you that the pricing for a soft drink is 3 dollars and they dont tell you refills are NOT free, they just continue to fill them up. They refilled my drink twice on top of the initial cost and it cost me 9 fucking dollars for some sprite. On top of that my girlfriend ordered the pesto pizza, the menu in the store says "+$2" for chicken. I was charged double that.Also, all the ingredients in the meals aren't listed on the menu, and the food was mediocre at best. Hard to eat, prepared slopily. I wouldn't come back here if they gave me a coupon for 100% off my next meal. DO NOT GO TO THIS PITA JUNGLE!!!!
3	I thought that I would give them a try while I was in town. I tried their chicken platter as it was suggested by the hostess. I explained that I really enjoyed chicken shwarma and I I was told that this was  their version.U was disappointed with their rendition.
3	2 times in 2 days. Must be good food. Once for lunch. Once for dinner. Gyros were terrific. Salads are enormous. Going to come back.
4	It was busy Sunday afternoon so we weren't greeted and they seemed to be missing a host. We then seated ourselves at an available table when it was then right away Rachel came to the rescue. She introduced herself as our server and we were well cared for. She was friendly, knowledgable of the menu aswell with the history of the place. The food was excellent, the lighting and overall ambience was tip top. Only advice for the business is the first impression is lacking an inviting atmosphere. A simple smile, hello, or just a "I will be right with you." Goes along way.
