5	Ok, so, I just had to write a review for these guys at Discount. I needed to get my tires rotated and balanced before a road trip so I called the nearest Discount to my work so I could go, take a long lunch and get it done. I call them just to see if they could fit me in and I speak with Jack...no problem, come right in, we will have you in and out in no time. (yeah sure, that's what they all say...) Well, to my surprise, I had AMAZING customer service. I walked in, the guy at the desk greeted me... I asked for Jack and he doesn't hesitate and calls for Jack. In the meantime, 2 other guys came in finishing orders and BOTH asked if I needed help. Nope...I am all good. Jack comes out of the office, I find out he is the manager. He is super nice and courteous. He walks me to my car, does a quick inspection...tells me to have a seat inside. I was there less than an hour and it was done. They pulled my car around and I was done. Back to work I go! Also, last but definitely not least...this place was immaculate clean for a tire place. Seriously, i would expect greasy finger prints everywhere...nothing. Shiny floors, clean windows...sparkly.
4	pretty good, i was in and out super fast, got a reasonable deal on my tires, exceptional customer service, they walked me outside to look at my car together, came back in, ran a few different options through the computer with me, decided on what i wanted.  they were super friendly and clean.
4	Great service, but always busy, especially on the weekends.  Best to have a ride home and come back later to pick up your car.  Great selections and service.
5	Had to write a review because these guys are awesome!!! In and out in less than 30 mins. They patched my tire for free too!! Definitely coming back!
5	I stopped at this Discount Tire when my low pressure light went on. They check the air in my tires and repaired one tire for free. If that wasn't enough, they offered me water and every single person working there said a 'good morning' and asked if I was being helped. As I waited I noticed all the employees were hard at work... even when there was only a few customers, they all stayed busy, emptying garbage, wiping down counters and promptly greeting new customers as they entered. It was obvious that these employees take pride in their work and are well versed in exceptional customer service!  I felt very well taken care of and it was a wonderful experience! Thank you!
