4	So, I decided to try to attack BevMo! objectively while I was shopping for liquids that I would be serving at an upcoming event. And, because I have heard that BevMo! is more expensive than other retailers, I went in with my eyes wide open and I was ready to compare prices. First, you can't really compare inventory here to anything outside of Costco. This beverage retailer is like "Liquids on 'Roids." There really is a lot to choose from and they do market to all different pocketbooks.Bottled Water and Mixers (soda, tonic, etc...) : Just say no. Definitely more expensive.Beer: Holy beer selection! I'm not much of a beer drinker (it hurts my belly); but knowing that some folks that I'm serving do drink beer, I had a great time perusing the beer selection. The beer was very similarly priced to just about anywhere else in town and for some of the really unique stuff, I expected to pay a little premium for.Wine: I giggled. Giggled. And, giggled some more...They have the wine market covered here and really, all in all, I am pretty pleased with the selection, vintages available and the pricing. Really not bad. For instance: I have a bottle of Laurent-Perrier Rose Brut Champagne, here, that I purchased at a different retailer for $93. BevMo! is selling the same bottle for $86. I also recently purchased a bottle of BV "Tapestry" for $56 at yet another undisclosed wine retailer for $56 and BevMo! has the same vintage for $44.97.I giggled. Granted, I'm a little disturbed that I gave so much more than I needed to out of my pocket at other retailers, but I do feel a bit more validated about encouraging you all to give BevMo! in your neighborhood a try.Because all in all - if you want a fun, kick-ass bottle of wine that is sans-$10, you can easily find it here. They have some super fun little wines, they also have some of those 26 oz bomber microbrew beers that would also be so much fun to pair and have with dinner for $6-8. And, if you want to spoil yourself a little bit and go for a larger format wine, they have that too!So, why only four stars? Its more like 4.5...Service...pretty good. Not great. I'll still go back and hope that ya'll give them a look-see.
5	This place is heaven, the Valhalla of alcohol. Tons and tons of choices, beer, wine, Scotch, Cognac, Whiskey and Bourbon, Vodka, Tequila and lots of other things you or I have probably never seen or heard of, like the Danish alcohol with Cocoa leaves.18 year old Jameson? Georgia moonshine? $20 six pack of beer? Icelandic Vodka? Ouzo? Cigars? Cheese? Olive juice for martinis? They have it all. Nearly every country and every spirit is represented here. You will be hard pressed to not find what you are looking for, in fact, you will find more.Depending on what you buy, the prices are great. There is a reason BevMo is popping up all over the valley.The only bad thing is I wish I thought of it first.
5	Okay..so I hate Costco, thought I would hate Bevmo..cuz I am just not an O at the end kinda gal,,,,except of coarse ..the Big OOOOOOOOOOO, oh geez..got lost there a sec...okay..so the only reason I am reviewing this place is for the amazing Vodka called Baojing Vodka!!! Each small batch undergoes unique filtration through 168 carats of diamonds. The number 168 symbolically represents being on the road to infinite prosperity in Chinese custom. So, it may be distilled over 168 rats ass cracks, but it's still ridiculous! I don't know if it's the diamonds or the hallucinogenics they put in it..but you gotta try it. Seriously..I have been experimenting on my friends..well ya in that way too..but this time with the vodka...they all say..holy moly ...did you slip something in my drink...uhmm..that would be a negative..it's the VODKA darling and my dreamy eyes...I can't find it on a menu..it's not at Sportsman's..hello fuckers..I asked you to order this like a month ago..try and support the little guy..and what do they do? Make you drive your Rover across town, spend more gas money, so I have less on alcohol..you assholes!...no all kidding aside...I hate Bevmo..except for this one hot ass guy that works there, long hair like 21..plays in a band...sick hot ...oh fuck..I just realized I do like Bevmo....try the Vodka..you won't be sorry..let me know...Sorry Jewel of Russia..you are now my second favorite vodka. Cheers!!
2	ah.... NO.if you want cheap crap, by all means, shop here.For hard liquor, I have almost always and consistanly found stores like safeway less, (for their sales AND extra 10% off 6+ bottles).  Then they (BevMo) tells me, "well,"we'll match".....  (OK, why would I be here if I already didn't find {and buy} the discount items?)For stoli, grey goose, pravda, chambord, saphire, ect., ect., ect. I find I almost always find those higher end items on sale PLUS 10% off at albersons or safeway.For cheap wine, (and i mean cheap) especially buy 1-get-1 10 cents, go ahead (i'll serve that to my older relatives who are more than happy with it.  For the high end wine - OMG - they are 10-30% MORE than other places I've found. (ck out Phoenix wine, btw - across the street).BTW, this is not based on just 1 visit - i live near-by & really try to support my local people, honestly.... but not to the point of getting ripped off!  They appar to have warehouse prices, but I have not found this to be true.  So of COURSE I will go aross the street to other more honest, happy, attentive and service orientated local business who puts a smile on their face when they see me.
3	Beverage selection? checkCustomer service? not so much...Granted, I did go in just before closing time (9pm during the week), but come on, a friendly face and perhaps a "can I help you with anything?" would be nice...Instead, I felt like I was putting out the two employees by taking a look around the store.I'm hoping it was just an 'off night' or an 'off time' - I'll be back and update then, but I'd gladly spend my $$ elsewhere if the service isn't better next time!
1	Why O why did i return?!  MY BAD! I guess because (for some unknown reason Safeway stopped stocking infused vodkas such as Grey Goose Pear & Vanilla Stoili) and it is beside my regular pit stop: Fresh & Easy. Well, I obtained my vodkas, and I thought, hey, looks like a wine tasting in the back.  Thought I should ck it out.  Well, in there tiny walled off area allowed for tasting, you could barely move to the actual tasting bar.  When you were able to 'belly up to the bar' it was treated with the arogant  demand of "I need to see your ID".  (Normally ok, but remember, it was crowded, people scrunching me on either side, I had 2 big bottles in my arms, my purse, and i had to dig for my wallet, balance it all and still navigate my DL out for a look. "KEN" proceeded to intently glare at my credentials for around 20 seconds, (all while i balanced my bottles, purse & wallet against a jostling crowd).  Get this:  as I put my DL back into my wallet, which went in my purse, my 'host' then haughtly said, "that will be $1 for the tasting".  (so not worth the trouble to find a bill for this at this juncture in time, lemme tell ya)... So i produce the stupid piece of tender & ask for a cab/sav.  (EW!!!!) I promptly dumped it.  Not too many other choices here, so i ask for the syrah, (gross - DUMP), promplty (attmpt - crowded, u know) walk out of there.Well, at the very least, since i am in the back, (high end) wines, might as well find some of my favs... i go to 1 - a red blend $37 - now i get this for reg. price at Phoenix Wine, across the street, for $30, so like, um, no.  Same goes for several others: 25% less at Phoenix Wine.  I take my 2 bottle of vodka vowing never, ever to return - cuz why would i ???
3	Stopped in to pick up a bottle of port for my hubby.  Great selection of all things libatious (is that a word?), as well as some cheese, olives, chocolate, etc.  Prices seem reasonable.  They have a free discount card (like one of those grocery store cards).  Customer service was friendly.  I didn't have any trouble finding someone to unlock a case for me, either.  It was nice they had little cards describing the characteristics of the more expensive items.  While the gal opening the cabinet was nice, a sommelier she is not.  I would recommend BevMo if you know what you want or are looking to try something new.  Stick with a wine shop if you want more advice in choosing.
4	Small parking area and busy location on SW corner of Shea & Scottsdale road make this a frustrating BevMo at times.  The Snottsdale residents don't have Total Wine like we do in the west valley or north phoenix, so they seem to flock here.  Service is ok, and I haven't had problems with their online ordering process at this location.
4	Clearly BevMo! is an acquired taste.  You either like it or you hate it.I personally like it.  A lot.  A whole lot.  I drive from N Scottsdale to BevMo for a few reasons:1. Their 5 cent sale (on as I am writing this) - buy one bottle of featured wine, get the second for 5 cents.  This only goes on sporadically but they often have very good wines available.  Do your homework before you go (you can see on their website when the 5 cent sale is going on and what is available) but you can save some decent money this way.2. Lots of KEG BEER! - If you need a pony keg or full-sized keg for some kind of event, this is the place to go.  They have a huge selection of mainstream and microbrew type stuff available.  I wouldn't necessarily go here for a pony keg of bud as you can likely find it cheaper somewhere else, but if you like Red Hook ESB or Alaskan Amber and have to have it on tap, order your keg here.3. Selection - I like different types of liquor that usually are only stocked by big box booze shops like BevMo! and Total Wine.  If you want a broad selection of stuff to choose from and rarer items, go here.  There isn;'t necessarily a rhyme or reason to their pricing, though.  Sometimes the mainstream stuff is more expensive here than it would be with a club card at your local grocery store.As others have pointed out, the customer service is just OK.  Clearly the employees don't get the same kind of benefits as Starbucks or Costco retail folks, and it shows.  However, they keep things moving, know where to find things, and are willing to check around for stuff if they are out of stock.Give BevMo! a try if you are looking for a different booze shopping experience - you'll either love it or hate it!
3	I am not a particular fan of this location as its a little bit smaller then the one I use to go to. I mean the wine selection is ok but they are lacking that certain something. Now their 5 cent deals that they offer at all BevMo locations from time to time are really good but I do wish that instead of making you by the same wine at 5 cents, that you could change it up as long as it is part of the 5 cent program and just make you pay for the one that is more expensive. I mean what happens if you don't like the wine you are trying? Now you are stuck with two bottles of it. See my point.
3	Immense selection of booze at reasonable prices... however there is a much needed personal touch that is sorely lacking. We should all try our local liquor shop from time to time - much better experience when the owner knows who you are, and what you like.
3	This is a kinda in between place.  Not as large a selection as Total Wine.  Prices aren't as good as Phoenix Wine around the corner.
1	First of all, there is this one employee there that I can't believe they haven't fired her yet. You have to ask her for a box even though you just purchased 5 or 6 bottles of liquor totalling $200 or more. Ya think??? What an attitude this girl has.Next, we stopped here yesterday to pick of a bottle of the 1.75 liter Milagro Silver Tequila and to our surprise it was $63 and some odd cents. I thought at first that maybe I was just comparing to Costco's price of $39. But then we went to Total Wine and More at Desert Ridge and found it for $38!!! Geesh! Don't you think that's a bit of a mark-up?So we won't be going back anytime soon. I'd rather not get ripped off thank you.
4	Great prices and selection on wine, spirits, and BEER! Every Friday from 4-7 they do a free tasting. That's right, drink for free while you shop - does it get any better???
4	Bevmo is very close to my house so I am here on a regular basis. I recentley found out Total Wine is opening and now Bevmo will price match their prices only. My boyfriend has asked for them to put the Fosters Premium Cans in the Fridge and they said it was a corporate decision. They still haven't put them in the fridge. The store is clean and the employees are helpful and friendly.
5	This place has everything! Not always the best prices... But if you need it for a crazy/fun recipe you will find it at BevMo!I had a themed party for the Moscow Mule last month and BevMo was the only location that had the Cock and Bull Ginger Beer. The drink was delicious.I do think it is very funny how BevMo is usually just around the corner from the Total Wine in The Valley, almost like fast food chains for adults!
3	It's OK.  Helpful clerks- good customer service, but you have to ask.  Those I've stopped seem to know their way around the store's layout, and even their products.  I couldn't find many choices of organic wines, though-- one red, one white, and a couple of sustainable ones.  Not much at the store, and not very many online.  (Seems like Total Wine might be a better bet.  Will have to find out soon!)Odds are you'll find what you want here, as long as it's not organic or sustainable.
1	Larry the manager needs to go to customer service school.  If I treated my customers as rude and abruptly as he just treated me I'd be unemployed.  Glad I have a choice of where I take my business and assured it will never be there again.  Should have known when I picked it up based on the lack of quality customer service that the return would be equally challenging.
3	I've been to this specific Bevmo twice. I'm torn on whether I like it or not. The first time I came to buy Fulton's Pumpkin Pie Liquor for the holidays. I heard that Bevmo carried it and was excited to find it in the store. However, compared to Total Wine & More, this store seems smaller and harder to find items. (I had to ask the clerk where the item was and even he didn't know! My husband had to find the special pumpkin pie liquor.) Bevmo also seems to carry fewer products, but more of the high-end/strange product.The second time I came here I needed to buy 50 mini tequila bottles for a gift bag idea. I really wanted to buy something on the cheaper side (since I needed 50!) but they only had Jose Cuervo at $2.99 a bottle. Also, they only had 24 of them. They did offer to special order me a case, but I declined. I headed over to Total Wine & More and was able to find what I needed (for $0.99!).  Overall, the clerks are nice and helpful (if you ask) but it could be hit or miss with the product. Chances are you'll be going to Total Wine & More if you're at Bevmo and you'll be coming to Bevmo if you're at Total Wine & more.
1	Gotta give this store a major FAIL. Starting yesterday, when I purchased 4 of their 5 oz. party packs of wine goblets, and the girl mistakenly didn't see my Bev Mo card sitting atop them, then proceeded to ask me if I had a phone number for the account, my confusion began, I'm going "Um, why do you need that?" She said something vague, like "Just in case." So, give her my current number. Nope. So, I go to make the purchase, and say, "So, my card didn't go through, or something?" And she goes, "Oh...what? Oh, I thought that was just some card..." Really??? Are your employees really this incompetent? Then, I take my wine goblets to my wine tasting event, where I would say only 20% of the bases actually fit and stayed on the cups. So, most of the time, they are loose and unable to attach, or flying off, then I eventually just poured the wine saying, "Sorry I bought these from Bev Mo, and the bases don't stay on" and hand them a baseless cup. So unprofessional and bad looking for us both, don't you think, Bev? Really sucked.Fast forward to today, when I call and Jennifer answers and I explain to her my problem. Do I get an "Oh, we're awfully sorry for your inconvenience, sir"? No. Yes, she explained that I would be able to get my money back if I brought them back, but since I have another wine tasting event in Chandler in about 2 hours, and this Bev Mo is way the hell north of me, and I don't have time to run them 10 mi. N. to get my money back then go buy some somewhere else, and that I will have to spend another 3 hour event pouring samples into glasses without a base on them, and how bad this looks for Bev Mo, as yes, I am telling them all where I bought them and that they are faulty - do I get an apology then? No, just an "Oh, okay...". Silence.  Jesus, I am so sick of explaining good customer service to you people! Ever heard of a simple (real) apology, or a "make good"? Really, I should get all of my $43 or so back so you can keep a customer (for other products).  I will now be ordering my wine cups in bulk off of Amazon or find another place locally to buy them. Learn customer service and retention, please. I just hope "Jennifer" is not your store manager, or that place is in serious jeopardy!
3	Bevmo is very.... mediocre.Better selection that a grocery store, staff is always polite, but -- The Total Wine within walking distance has them beat for selection, prices, and hours.  Also, I am not a fan of how Bevmo is organized with the small, short, scattered shelves.
2	I guess same as any other Bevmo. I had one of the rudest staff member ever. I asked about the etched glasses for beer and it seemed like I was bothering him. He was no help at all. Didn't even try to promote the refillable beer bottles to me when I asked him about those too. Yikes bad customer service!
2	The staff here is the worse, consistently rude and really act like they have better things to do then to be polite. The sample bar hosts tends to pick certain people from the crowd and smile and ask if you want to try a taste, if they don't like your looks they roll there eyes, maybe its me, but so childish.The rum selection is very cheap and high priced. They never have Bitburger beer in stock, when I ask if maybe its in the back I get a rude comment " If its not out here, its not back there"I shop here 3 times a month, only because its 4 blocks from my home. Do not go out of your way to visit unless your really in need of something, which I am sure Walmart will also have it and cheaper.This boils down to poor management and poor hiring practices.
4	Helpful friendly staff always available when questions arise! A+
1	I agree with other reviews that the staff is really short and rude. We wanted to buy a non alcoholic drink and were told we need ID. I don't think that matters as much as the way they spoke to us. We're 37 and obviously ok to buy root beer. Bummer because Total Wine and More have been great and thought this experience would be the same. Probably just a bad location. Never had a problem in Chandler :(
5	Place is the best. First off I ended up when being at total wine and waited for ever for them to find a product for me. Only to find out that it they didn't have it. I then went to bevmo and the staff immediately found what I was looking for in no time at all.
1	Let me start off by saying I'm no wine expert. I also don't sell wine for a living. When I walk in a wine bar or wine store and someone asks me if they can help me find something I guess it's safe to assume they know what they're doing, right? Umm...not so much at Bevmo. I have personally been steered in the wrong direction several times and have overheard these wine "experts" poorly guiding customers in the wrong direction too. It's a shame that they don't have trained employees that, at very least, know the basics about wine. I wouldn't be so offended if they were just up front about it instead of PRETENDING to know what they're talking about and allowing me to spend money on something I didn't actually want. I suggest Total Wine or even Whole Foods where they have a sense of pride and can better guide you to what you're looking for, and also a better selection in general.
