1	Do not trust these guys.  When I put down $500 to buy a 2001 Mercedes 230SLK, it had four new Pirelli tires on it. During the purchase process, they had me sign something that said I was buying the car with the equipment it had on it, but when I picked it up, it had four mismatched, crappy tires. These guys would rip off their own mothers! Buyer beware.
3	I purchased a 2008 VW Jetta from this dealership on July 26th, 2014. I worked with Frank who is their primary sales employee. It was an extremely easy process and I felt very comfortable working with Frank. I applied the night before, then spoke with Frank on the phone within 30 minutes of my credit application being submitted. We arranged for me to meet with him the next day which was a Saturday. I arrived around 12:00PM and Frank had the vehicle parked just outside their main entrance on the street. He mentioned to me that he drove it home the night before to ensure that everything worked on it.  I feel confident in saying that Frank will take care of you during the buying process.However, with that being said, I cannot stress enough that everyone needs to keep in mind that you need to be very cautious when buying a used vehicle from anywhere. You must inspect the vehicle from front to back and inside throughly. I did not notice that their was a huge scratch on the passenger rear door until after I had bought the vehicle and took it home. I actually noticed it like 3 days later. Frank mentioned to me that he has a friend that could fix it for me for a pretty inexpensive price. That was my fault for not walking around the vehicle prior to signing the paperwork and leaving their lot. Lesson learned. Another valuable lesson I learned was to inspect every feature included in the vehicle. I didn't test the Aux input jack as I didn't have a cable with me, and now I stuck with an Aux jack that doesn't function. I contacted the VW dealership in my area and they advised me that the battery must have been replaced at some point and it caused the Aux input jack to stop working which requires the radio to be re-coded. That is fine and all I guess, but they want $125 to do it. I called Frank and advised him of it and asked if his mechanic could take a look at it, but he didn't really seem to care too much. At least that's the vibe I got from him on the phone. To me it seemed like the transaction was finalized and it wasn't their problem anymore. While i don't agree with that, I also understand that it was my responsibility to inspect the vehicle prior to delivery. So, again, please inspect any used vehicle before you take delivery. It the dealership refuses to either fix it or setup some other arrangement that satisfies you, do not buy the vehicle and go somewhere else. I researched the issue myself and found out that the computer software the dealership uses is free to download and the cable to connect my laptop to my vehicle was only $20. I purchased the cable and am now waiting for it to arrive before I decide to spent $125 at the dealership. Other that those two small issues, the vehicle is great. I am happy with my purchase and wouldn't mind doing business with Speed Auto Sales again in the future. I'll just be extra careful and research the vehicle before buying it and ensure that everything on it works as designed and make sure there aren't any mechanical or cosmetic issues any place!Thanks for reading. Good luck!
5	I recently purchased a BMW 328i from this dealership. The great service I received was second to none. Frank the sales man was an amazing help in getting me in this car
5	I was out shopping for a quality used BMW. I came across Speed Auto Sales and Leasing. I called and was answered to by Tim, Made me feel Comfortable. I made a purchuse, I Also needed Special financing because i had a Bankruptcy recently. Tim was a Pro from Start to Finish i highly recommed this Company and Tim Murphy
5	Speed Auto is very professional, with great selection and easy financing, I would recommend Speed Auto to a friend.
