5	So after a nice day trip to Boyce Thompson Arboretum, I suggest my husband head north to Roosevelt Lake, and take a "shortcut" back to the Valley through Apache Junction via State Route 88.  Screw the GPS lady's instructions.  What does she know anyway?Well apparently this computer bitch with an Australian accent knows my "shortcut" is only shorter in mileage, not in hours.  I soon learned State Route 88 is actually the Apache Trail, approximately 45 miles of the most beautiful scenery you will find in Arizona.From Roosevelt, it includes about 20-25 miles of unpaved switch-backs that wind through the mountains with fantastic views of Apache Lake.  There are several one-lane bridges along the route.  Further on, you'll pass through Fish Creek Canyon (yeah, I had to look this up later).  The road hangs along the side of this high-walled canyon and can hardly be described-it is unbelievably awesome.  Other stops along the way if you choose include Tortilla Flat, Canyon Lake, and Goldfield Mining Town.  Lots of beautiful places to stop along the way (if you can find a place to pull over) to enjoy the wildflowers and many streams you may find.Now, for the practical.  Don't drag your RV through the unpaved portion.  Don't drive like a lunatic when you can't see around the corner.  Remember, some of us are here to enjoy the drive.  If you're afraid of heights, probably not the route for you.  At minimum, take the drive starting in Apache Junction so you're hugging the canyon walls for the entire trip.  We took the drive in reverse and were cliff-side for the majority of the trip.  And speaking of cliff-side, have some courtesy for those drivers.  They can't pull over as far as the canyon-side drivers.  We spotted several areas on the cliff-side where the road has eroded somewhat.  Don't make this trip in a beater car in July or in heavy rains.  Some areas will most likely not be passable.Have fun!
5	One of the most scenic drives in the US, this twisting 80-mile loop contains a good 22 miles of dirt roads, so make sure your vehicle can handle it.  We took our rental Suv crossover and had an absolute blast.  My husband loves driving scenic twisting roads and I gladly let him take the wheel.  The drive twists through canyons, mining towns, the superstition mountains, and along several beautiful man-made lakes. After you return to pavement, make sure to visit the Sinagua Indian dwelling at Tonto National Monument - it closes at 4pm so get there early to walk through a magnificent ancient cliff dwelling. Be sure to stop for food before you get onto the trail, because this will be an hours-long journey with little chance for food or gas.
4	What a scenic drive, albeit anxiety invoking. We only drove from Apache Junction to Tortilla Flat but that was good enough for me. Between the one lane bridges and crazy mountainside curves lacking guardrails, it's enough to picture yourself driving right off a cliff. Definitely take your time and be careful. The views are worth it unless you're seriously scared of heights.Visit Date: 11/20/09
5	What a twisty great scenic road, with one lane bridges, blind curves, steep drops into the canyon and no guardrails to mar the view. Just the kind of road I love to drive on, but this time I was a passenger. I would normally not even get in the car with someone else behind the wheel. K and I both went over a cliff together when we were teenagers and she has the same fear as I do and did not speed. This is a great drive and well worth the terror I felt. I would do it again
5	Whether you are a local or a tourist you have to drive the Apache Trail at least once! I think I've taken every friend or family member that ever came to visit me in Phoenix through it. It's a day drive you want to plan for, pack a picnic lunch to enjoy along the way as there are limit food service options. You can first pick up the trail (State Route #88) near Apache Junction heading straight for Goldfield Mining Camp. You drive pass the camp, headed toward Apache Lake, Saguaro Lake & Tortilla Flats. I recommend taking time to picnic near one of the lakes. There is a little diner near on Apache Lake, the food is decent and affordable but nothing to rave about. You also have an option to grab a burger at the Saloon in Tortilla Flats but the really enjoyable experience is to enjoy the fabulous view and being in the outdoors for a picnic! The entire drive is gorgeous!!! Yes, as previous yelpers have noted, the road is windy, it gets steep and several miles are unpaved. The key to this drive is to know this will be a day trip for you and just take your time and enjoy the desert landscape. If you are Phoenix based living in the cemented desert it's easy to forget how beautiful Arizona can be. The Apache Trail will remind you how gorgeous the desert can be. There are several options to get off the road and stop for pictures or just to enjoy the view. At the end of the route you get to stop at Tonto National Monument which features Indian Cliff Dwellings. Now there are lots of these across Arizona. However, very few of them are stable enough for you average person to be allow to climb up to them. It will take you roughly twenty minutes to climb up to the ruins. Bring water, the hike isn't that strenuous but it's gets hot up there and by the time you get there it will be afternoon. There is a nominal entrance fee, last time I went is was only $4 per person and there is a Park Ranger at the top to answer any questions. I do recommend driving back using the US-30 through Globe. No one should go back the way they came as it will be dark and scary on the way back. You can get back to downtown Phoenix in less than two hours via the freeway! In one day you get to rive through the Superstition Mountains, see Apache Lake, Roosevelt Lake, Roosevelt Dam, Tortilla Flats, Tonto National Forest & Indian Ruins. This is in my top five of things to do in AZ!
5	What an amazing drive this is!  I drive east from home on Main St to State Rte 88 and in about 30 minutes I'm away from the city and suburbs and into the most beautiful and amazing scenery around.  The first part of the drive is fairly easy on paved roads - there are a couple stops for scenic views, the first to view Weaver's needle and the second a great view of Canyon Lake.  I do this part of the drive at least once a month, I have a great need to see "big" water.  Drive a little further and you end up at Tortilla Flat - there's a restaurant/bar, an ice cream store and a souvenir shop.  If you do this on the weekends in the winter expect major crowds here.  Past Tortilla Flat the road is still paved for a more miles and then it gets good.The unpaved road is graded and can be an uncomfortable drive and I'm sure it's not good for my car, but I just can't resist.  Keep driving the curvy road and be careful, in many places it's just one lane and a lot of the other drivers seem to want to speed on by.  The scenery is magnificent though and worth every mile.  Soon you'll hit Apache Lake - and if you drive down to the marina? there is a building with a restaurant (looks kinda dumpy), a small store and they have boat rentals!  Something I will have to do one summer.Keep driving and the water continues on your left until you hit Roosevelt Dam.  If you're not expecting it, it's a very large dam and just seems to pop out of nowhere.  But for me the best part is just 'round the bend when you see the suspension bridge and Roosevelt Lake, HUGE water!  I'm from Chicago and lived near Lake Michigan, and as much as I love the mountains, I really do miss seeing water.  It's almost breathtaking once you get this far.  Once you've reached the end, for me the best way is to head toward Globe and get on 60W to head back to the Valley.  I've gone the other way through Payson and it's a much longer ride (or so it seems)Be sure you have a full tank of gas before you start this trip, there are no gas stations and it's several miles past Roosevelt Lake before you see one.
4	Was in Phoenix on a short weekend trip and was worried that the trail on Highway 88 would take a long time, but was really surprised the time it took to get to Tortilla Flat from Apache Junction, right off the 202.Even with the winding roads and 15-25 MPH speed, mutliple camera spots and breath-taking views, it made a great afternoon ride..I didn't go past Tortilla Flat, but got some great camera shots!
4	Good day trip.  Canyon Lake for quick dip, then Tortilla Flat for lunch.
5	This is such a fun drive! But it's not for those who get car sick or dizzy on the teacup ride at Disneyland (yeah, I'm talking to you mom). Anyway, there are a lot of twists and turns along this drive if you start it out in AJ. You can take a paved road all the way to Tortilla Flat which is just past Canyon Lake. You can stop at Canyon and go fishing or enjoy other water activities or stop at Tortilla Flat and grab a bite to eat at the restaurant and ice cream next door at the parlor. You can drive a few miles past Tortilla Flat on a paved road, but then it's dirt to an overlook (beautiful by the way), which can be a bit rough on a small car. If you plan on taking the dirt road bring a truck or SUV. Wish we could have gone further. Oh, well. We'll have to save the rest of the trip all the way to Roosevelt Lake for another day. Depending on where you live in the valley this take take up a few hours or the whole day. Bring your patience, as you may get stuck behind someone towing a boat.
5	I took this route without really knowing what it was on my first self-supported bicycle tour in 1995.  My girlfriend and I decided that Arizona was the perfect place for a winter bike tour and, not being from the area, just plotted a circuitous route from Phoenix to Tucson on a highway map, and off we went.What a surprise it was!  This is some of the most beautiful desert scenery I'd ever seen.  Canyon Lake, Tortilla Flat, Roosevelt Dam and Lake, the 22-miles of dirt road, the cliff dwellings - it was all spectacular.    As others have said, be prepared for a slow drive over narrow winding roads.  Don't rush it.   And if you find it enjoyable, don't turn around at Tortilla Flat!  You'll miss the spectacular dirt section, which I think was prettier than the rest of it.  Don't pull your big 5th wheel, trailer, or drive your motor home over this section though, as many of the turns are tight.  I took my 2WD truck camper over it several years  ago and had no trouble, however.Note for those of you who plan to bike this - be prepared for hills, many in the 10% category.
5	WOW!We started in Apache Junction and made our way along this historic route. Having planned ahead I knew what to expect but at the same time it was surprising.We stopped along the route at various places including an old gold mine, a lake, a dam and an old film set?Back to the trail. It's pretty smooth sailing to Tortilla Flat, we went on a holiday weekend so that may make it busier but overall it wasn't busy traffic wise at all.Tortilla Flat was the busiest part due to it being one street and parking being near impossible.Carry on another few miles and wait....what the....where's the paved road gone?! I have no idea why this stretch towards the dam isn't paved but this dusty road was all there is to it.It takes a little while to get accustomed to the bumping of the car along the road, almost like going over many potholes constantly but it's a rental so whatever right?!The bumpiness seemed to go on forever coupled with crazy SUVs zooming past kicking up dust.The road winds, heads up and drops down with some extremly scenic points on the way. I could not take it all in as I had to keep an eye on the road. Some bits were narrow, really narrow, but there are sufficient passing places to not be a concern.It was a fun drive and it seemed almost odd to get back onto normal paved roads. The dam and suspension bridge were amazing sights, not something I'd expect to see here.We carried on, taking a right onto Globe, passing the Tonto National Monument which was like a small version of Mesa Verde. Finally the trip back to Phoenix and it was all over.Any car can make the journey but be prepared for a few parts that are extremely bumpy as opposed to just regular bumpy!You must try this drive!
3	This byway is absolutely scenic, but the park service should provide warning signs for those entering Fish Creek Hill past Tortilla Flat en route to Apache Lake that this one-lane, steep, washboard-laden, guard rail-less dirt road is almost impassable when pulling a boat. A simple sign with a red skull embossed over truck-boat combo on a steep incline would be sufficient and cost effective. After all, the rescues along this stretch must cost the state a pretty penny. Once past Canyon Lake, there is no place to turn around. Period. Not for the faint of heart or iffy of brake.
5	I tried to prepare myself for the ride on the Apache Trail by reading reviews from several websites but no matter how much you think you're prepared you will be surprised by this road.   I have to say this road is NOT for the faint of heart.  It is a very beautiful drive but also can be terrifying.  We rented a mid size SUV and now wished we would have just got a full size sedan.   A car can make it just fine.   Like other reviews have stated the road is paved until just after Tortilla Flat.   Then dirt road for the next twenty or so miles.   Some spots are smoother than others but you will really only be able to drive between 10 - 20 mph and it is shaky the whole way.  The scenery is second to none however.   I have lived in Phoenix over 25 years and cannot believe I have never been on this road.  It is so beautiful   You will drive up high cliffs and down to lake level.   You will pass by Canyon, Apache and Roosevelt Lakes.  The various colors of the desert are simply gorgeous.   The advice I can give most is make sure your car is in GOOD WORKING ORDER.   You DO NOT want to break down on this road.   There are desolate stretches where you do not see other people or cars for miles.  You feel like you are the last person on earth.   Take the ride, it's a fantastic Wild West adventure.
4	Drove the whole loop recently, taking 88 from Apache Junction to 188 to US 60 back toward Sun Valley. It was only the first hour or so of driving that was interesting. The narrows on the Salt River were my favorite part. There's a scenic viewpoint atop a knob in the dirt road section. Great views down into the canyon form there. The Superstition Mountains were fun to see, too.The rest of the trip to me was forgettable. Didn't find Apache Lake or Roosevelt Lake interesting. Total time 5 hours including stops. Wish I'd turned back after the Salt River canyon and made it 3. Or spent more time going down into the canyon.FInally, a note for people wondering about the dirt road: Yes, there's a stretch of about 20 miles where the surface is compacted dirt and gravel. There's a lot of hype here and on other sites about how dangerous and frightening it is. Let me put it into perspective this way: On an offroad difficulty scale of 1 to 10, this route's a 1. If you have any kind of familiarity with driving unpaved roads you will be fine. But if you're the kind of clown who could never master parallel parking or backing up in a straight line, or you're a geezer in a big RV, you should probably let someone else drive.
4	There is not to much to do in Arizona. So we went for a scenic drive and it was pretty. The roads can be kind of scary.
5	WARNING: THIS IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART OR DRIVERS THAT ARE NOT CONFIDENT OR ARE PRONE TO BOUTS OF EXTREME STUPIDITY!!!!CELL PHONES WILL NOT WORK HERE DUE TO THE CANYON WALLS AND REMOTE LOCATION!!!! YOU SCREW UP, YOU'RE GONE BRO!The 88 past Tortilla Flats is a long, barely maintained road that has many hairpin turns and narrow passage ways (and bridges) that lack guard rails or other standard safety features. Looking over the edges in some places will reveal to the viewer countless rusted out cars that have taken the plunge and been unable to be recovered... In fact... I know of a few nice model Ts out there ;) Should be a classic car graveyard and historical site.However, traveling cautiously, and not in a drunken speeding stupor, will yield AMAZING vistas and glimpses into a world otherwise unable to be seen. This is truly a lost world and a fantastic one at that.Stop in Tortilla Flats for lunch and travel on to view the Roosevelt Dam, take the road towards Globe to head to the Tonto National Monument or head the opposite direction to book it to Payson and a few smaller blink and you miss them one horse cow towns that have all but been lost to history at this point.
5	Incredible. Some of these views rival the Grand Canyon. Being a local, I sometimes forget how pretty the desert can be. I'd drive the trail from Apache Junction to Globe and then take US 60 from Globe to return to the Valley. That way, the canyon dropoffs are to your left. Your cell phone will probably not work much past Canyon Lake/Tortilla Flats. The road's really windy, but follow the posted speed limits and you'll be fine. If you get easily carsick, this probably isn't a great drive for you. There's not much in the way of services, so gas up ahead of time (and possibly pack snacks). The road's unpaved for about 20 mi after Tortilla Flats. I'd recommend driving in an SUV (or something similar with four-wheel drive) or just be prepared for a super bumpy ride. If you have doubts about your car making it on the unpaved road, I'd turn around at Canyon Lake or Tortilla Flats.These views are worth the white knuckle driving! Bring patience and a good camera!
4	This was a great drive and we recommend to not stop at the tortilla flat, keep driving to see beautiful natural mountains. What a great way to get away!
5	Gorgeous views of the Arizona hills for the low cost of a couple of gallons of gas? Yep.  Took my wife on this drive, starting in Apache Junction and took it the full 50 miles to Roosevelt Dam. A couple of things to note: The road is fully paved for the first 30 or so miles but the last 22 are unpaved and about 1 1/4 car width wide at points. This is not for the inexperienced driver or someone intimidated by cliffs without guard rails.Some posts warned about the road being rough - which it was at times (bone jarring) but we made the trek in a 2013 Prius without any issues. Sure you will be doing 5 mph in places, but we never ran into a section of road that we thought we couldn't make it. Overall a great drive with fantastic views. A very unique experience - only caveat is my wife was bored the last 10 miles or so as the scenery started to look all the same. But we highly recommend it none-the-less.
3	The scenery gets five stars and the safety gets one star. I will go into detail, but here it is in a nutshell. Take this road from Apache Junction until you get to Tortilla Flat. Have lunch at Tortilla Flat, enjoy Canyon Lake and then turn around. I repeat. Turn around. IMPORTANT TIPS: If you don't think this warning is serious and you insist on making the entire drive, make sure you have an SUV with 4WD and a driver with a steady hand and a good driving record. The entire drive will easily take you four hours and you will be in major trouble if there is any sort of weather (rain, snow) or it just rained, so make sure you travel in good weather conditions. Check your brakes and make sure your car is in good working condition before you leave. You won't have phone service and there isn't any civilization to save you if you get stranded or in an accident.DIRECTIONS. Coming from Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe, take US 60 East to Idaho Road and then follow the signs to Apache Trail. Turn right when you get to the fork in the road along US 88. Enjoy the drive, but don't be an accidental daredevil like myself and take the dirt road. Be warned that if you do insist on taking the entire trail, including the dirt road, once you get to Roosevelt Lake, you'll have the option to go left or right. If you go left, you will end up on the Bee Line just outside of Payson and you'll have a 79 mile drive back to Phoenix. Apache Junction to Tortilla Flat Up until we reached Tortilla Flat, it was a beautiful drive. There were canyons, huge rock formations and mossy mountains. Along the road we stopped at Goldfield Ghost Town, Canyon Lake and Tortilla Flat. There are also several areas to park your car and walk around, including Lost Dutchman State Park which is only worth driving into if you'd like to do a little hike and have a picnic. Goldfield Ghost Town is cheesy and touristy but it's an authentic ghost town and the remains of a mining town from the turn of the Century. They also offer horseback rides, mining tours and train rides.Fish Creek HillDon't take the dirt road to Fish Creek Hill unless you are ok with putting your life in danger. We didn't take the warnings seriously because the warnings were practically non-existent. I am completely shocked that they don't have warning signs or even a park ranger that verbally goes over the dangers you are about to undertake if you proceed to Fish Creek Hill. This dirt road is a one-lane, steep and very dangerous road that goes straight down. You only have enough room for one car with a mountain on one side and a steep cliff that drops several hundred feet on the other side. There are several switch backs and you can only pray that someone isn't coming around the corner going the other way when you make the turn. One wrong turn of your wheel, an issue with your brakes or skid of your tires (and remember it's a loose dirt road) and you're over the cliff without a prayer to save you. This continues for 22 miles. 22 miles! It gets very slightly better every now and then, but the initial steep road down to the base isn't worth the beauty of the drive. It's suicidal to do this drive and it just doesn't seem to end. Just when you think you're in the clear, it continues and it took us nearly three hours to get through. Three hours of complete fear. It's so dangerous that you can't even really take in the beauty because you're too focused on not making a wrong move. If you want to see the other side of the Apache Trail, instead of taking the dirt road of Fish Creek Hill, save the other side for another day and take the Bee Line to US 80 towards Roosevelt Dam. There isn't much but the dam and Roosevelt Lake is worth seeing (there is also a restaurant overlooking the Lake). Beauty Highlights:- Most of the Fish Creek Hill road is along a lake so it's a watery drive. - There are a ton of peaks and Valleys with several cliffs, beautiful rock formations and a cave to explore. - It really captures the beauty of Arizona- You get to see how much water Arizona actually has.
5	This was one of those AMAZING experiences that as you are living it you know you will talk about it for a long time. We started on the trail at apache junction at about noon. We got back on the freeway at 5:15. We didn't stop at any of the tourist stops except to hit the bathroom and to grab a bag of chips and a soda- we did stop at all the vistas  and look outs. We had a blast looking at the scenery and stopped at many of the turnouts to climb and snap photos. The drive down to Fish Creek was INSANE. absolutely crazy.  The guard rails looked liked cardboard and staples. We laughed like crazy until we had to go back up and  we were on the outside.  We have a big  SUV and we had to scoot over a few time a for big SUVs and trucks. We did it. When you drive out and start on the paved road with the switch backs you wonder how the people driving back out are driving so fast.  You find out quick that once you navigate fish creek you can do just about anything. We made it to Apache Lake and stopped by the store for sodas and  chips before heading back to Chandler. We had a blast. The scenery was breathtaking- something to cherish. DO THIS. IT'S worth it.
5	This was the best!  I almost didn't make this trip because of all the terrible reviews of how treacherous the path is. "It's not for the faint of heart," they said.  "Terrifying drops."  Ok, ok, yes it did have a few scary place, yes the road becomes unpaved and one way, but with some careful driving in a few places, this byway is NOT to be missed.  If it was raining or bad weather, I probably wouldn't go too far past Tortilla Flat. In fact, if it's raining I bet you couldn't because even when I was there the road was a tidbit flooded and though I ignored the signs that said do not cross, I bet if it was raining you wouldn't even be able to anyway.  On a sunny day in March I made the trek in an economy rental car! It was GORGEOUS!!!The Apache Trail was a stagecoach trail that ran through the Superstition Mountains. It was named the Apache Trail after the Apache Indians who originally used this trail to move through the Superstition Mountains. The Trail winds steeply through 40 miles of rugged desert mountains, past deep reservoir lakes like Canyon Lake and Apache Lake. The narrow, winding road is unpaved from just east of the town of Tortilla Flat to Roosevelt Dam; there are steep cliff drops and little in the way of safety barriers. The trail requires caution when driving. All the more reason to travel it, right?  I've driven through snowy mountains, up Pike's Peak, through flooded bridges, over terraces, gotten stuck in the mud..oh the adventures of driving. If you can handle that kind of stuff, you can handle the Apache Trail. There are plenty of places to pull off along the route and there was very little traffic when I was en route. Make sure to fill up that gas tank!  I'll admit, it took me at least 4 hours to get to Globe but I stopped quite a few times.  My first stop was in Apache Junction at this cutesy little visitors center.  It was a nice way to get my feet wet.  Walk around, look at some old buildings. I was there pretty early so the building was still closed but it was beautiful and informative.  I drove for a while, just making quick stops along the road and made another longer stop at Tortilla Pass for a bathroom break and Prickly Pear Gelato. Who cares if it was 10 a.m.  There is also a little store there and a restaurant so if you have the time, I'd stop in for a bite to eat.  The restaurant is the only place that has a restroom so you might have to stop in anyway.  I was kind of in a hurry to get to Globe for work.You know you're getting closer to the end when you see Roosevelt's Dam.  Theodore Roosevelt Dam is a dam on the Salt River. It is 357 feet high and forms Theodore Roosevelt Lake. The dam is named after then-President Theodore Roosevelt. Serving mainly for irrigation water supply and flood control, the dam also has a hydroelectric generating capacity of 36 megawatts.  Prior to completion of the bridge in October 1990, traffic drove over the top of the dam. The bridge itself earned rare distinction when the bridge was named one of the top 12 bridges in the nation in November 1995. The American Consulting Engineers Council cited the bridge for overall design, size, eye-appeal and design challenge. Other bridges cited were the Golden Gate Bridge and Brooklyn Bridge. After the bridge, you have about 10 or so minutes before hitting Globe.  Again, so worth it. I've never seen this type of landscape, where cacti litter the hills like the trees of the Black Hills. There wasn't any animal sitings, but still, very very beautiful.  I would do it again and again.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a nice, free, getaway. I'd probably pack up the family, drive the Tortilla Pass for food and ice cream and make my way back. I did notice that near Roosevelt Dam there was some boating activity as well.  Don't be afraid, experience!!
5	We drove from the beginning of the park to Tortilla Flats. We decided not to go any further because of the reviews about the road being not suitable for sedans. The road to Tortilla Flats was an easy ride, just keep your eyes on the road, steep cliffs on the side of the road, you can see some rusty cars down at the bottom that have crashed down.
4	We just did this drive. The views are absolutely spectacular. There is probably nowhere else on the planet quite like it. If you love mountains and saguaros, this drive is for you. It was not as scary as the other reviews make it seem if you take the curves slowly and make sure to let your husband know when you want him to slow down a bit. :) But, the last half of it is not paved. It is very dusty, very bumpy, very curvy, and very far. Plan to take about 3-4 hours one way, and I would recommend a practical vehicle such as an SUV. And cell service is pretty nonexistent. We has planned on doing the drive then doing it back the way we came, but after getting to the dam, we decided we couldn't do it again the other way so we are going up to Payson to get back to scottsdale. It is longer in miles but significantly faster, I'm certain. I think you should do this drive exactly one time. No more, no less.
5	Holy **** bring diapers and or Xanax to ride the apache trail. Lol just kidding...mostly. My parents came to visit me in Scottsdale for a weekend, and we are all from the east coast where the scenic views consist of looking out the car window while stuck in traffic on the George Washington bridge. My mom insisted we ride the Apache Trail as I had been telling her for a couple of weeks how cool it seemed.I warned my parents it might be a bit scary, but off we went. The paved portion of the trail I hands down recommend to anyone as the views are unbelievable and the road isn't very scary. The unpaved portion is more of a once in a lifetime experience as it is pretty scary, and did get sort of crowded on a nice weekend day. With that being said this was probably one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen and 100 percent worth every second of fear and white knuckling of the seat cushion. Unless you're really jaded you can't be bored on the trail, the views, mountains, cacti, and lakes were unbelievable. We went in the fall but I can't imagine how awesome it must look in the superstitions when all the flowers are blooming. Also I'm not a history buff at all but the history of the area and the fact that this was used as a stagecoach trail a hundred years ago is like the most fascinating thing to me.
1	Alright, here's the situation. I'm not reviewing the Apache Trail scenic road poorly because of it's views, because I am certain they are spectacular throughout the entire drive. I am reviewing it poorly because the idea that the Apache Trail is classified as a actual highway is ludicrous and I would argue dangerous -at least for certain folks.Recently, I decided to take a scenic drive back from the Grand Canyon with my mom and we decided to come down through eastern Arizona. Now on any map or GPS, state route 88 shows up as a NORMAL road on a map, which you can take after seeing Lake Roosevelt in order to shave time off of the drive and not have to continue down state route 188. After seeing this road come up, we decided to head over by the dam in order to stop for some pictures before making our way along route 88 heading south. So we began the way up to the actual road, twisting along a paved (with no railing) 1 and 1/2 (and I'm being generous) lane road. After about 3 minutes on the road I see a large sign saying "end pavement for next 22 miles". At this point my mom is freaking out because I dragged us up this steep and non-railed section of road that ends with what looks like an unpaved road made for ATV's or dirt bikes. (I cannot believe anyone who isn't an off-road enthusiast or at least sponsored by Red Bull or Monster would actually drive this road, it looks like something you would see in Bolivia). Anyway, I had to calm my mom down, turn the rental car back around, head back out to the main road, and subsuquently drive way out of our way to get us back to Phoenix. The road did become scenic again, taking us through the enjoyable "Devils Canyon" before getting us home so in the end it all worked out. But I have to say, I have lived in Arizona my whole life and have never heard about this "road" that in my view, should not be for cars or at the very least should be completed and widened more, paved, and with rails. While we were there I saw an small RV and a Chevy Suburban also pull up, see the dirt road, and turn back around.In the end, I came home and researched more about the Apache Trail (and even found articles documenting people who recently veered off of the "road" and died) and have come to the conclusion that this road, at least in my opinion, should be CLEARLY marked not as a highway but as an unpaved expert trail and there should be warnings regarding this road along state route 188 for novices who might think it's an actual road they can take to get back to Phoenix. I'm sure the views are amazing from the inside (save for the driver who is not going to be able to enjoy the views while navigating), but to display the Apache Trail as a real highway for people to use is irresponsible and potentially dangerous. I have travelled throughout Latin America on busses with bad breaks and have rarely seen roads that dangerous with no protection or railing with no space to navigate or turn around. Heaven forbid if you were to encounter inclement weather while on the Apache Trail you would be in a world of trouble.
5	The Apache Trail was not scary AT ALL. After reading the reviews on here, i was ready for a once-in-a-lifetime scare of a drive, but that was not the case whatsoever. Sure it was unpaved and the roads got slim, but if you're at least an average driver, this was not scary or super abnormal.Beautiful drive! I would recommend turning around after the bend (in the photos I've posted). There's not much new scenery after that.
5	I left Phoenix for Oklahoma City in 2011 because of the economic crisis, and returned to visit in November of 2014. Before going, I knew I was going to have to make time for the Apache Trail. In Oklahoma I'd been so used to the sweeping vistas of... horizon. So yeah, I needed to escape from civilization and engage in something profound, philosophical and spiritual. There's something about the elegant mix of a winding, rough road weaving around hills and mountains amidst steep valleys and desert forest that really sticks to your soul. I usually feel I'm one to rush through life, but this place is quite humbling to me, hearing nothing but Sonoran winds and seeing a different scene at every bend; it stops me from being somewhere and makes me just be. The drive can be a bit tense in parts, but it's otherwise a majestic example of the pageantry of nature, and is well worth the time and low speed limits. There are few places I've been that I find utterly serene, but this is one of them, and there are fortunately plenty of spots to pull over to take in the view and take your time to enjoy this experience.
