5	For being such a massive, state of the art stadium, Meadowbank also hosts one of the cheapest gyms you can join in Edinburgh!With space inside for as much as 18 badminton courts, a massive track, swimming pools, five a side pitches and pampering suites, Meadowbank manages to keep a mountain of facilities open to the public while also moving with the times. They have a huge cafe, conference suites and offer at least 50 fitness classes a week, so there is something for everyone to be found within its walls.For the incredible range of facilities it is, it still remains an accessible sports resource for the general public. It has high tech, top of the range equipment available in its gyms but isn't one of those places swarming with the elite class. You know, the ones who turn up to the gym in their mighty expensive cars and spend half the time drinking coffee rather than actually trying to exercise. Sorry if that's perhaps too offensive, but I used to work in a place not unlike that above description, and couldn't be happier that Meadowbank is the opposite!But since this gym is so good, it would appeal to people who maybe are tempted by these more expensive gyms, since it has moved with the times. They have a number of family orientated open days, including one coming up on the 31st of May which is 80s themed! So get your short athletic shorts out of mothballs and take the kids.I have been priveleged enough to exercise in here but have also been inside for gigs - it is one of the main stadiums used for T on the Fringe gigs. Its huge size makes it good for watching bands, and the staff are always really efficient and friendly. Although they employ outside agencies for hosting such events, the Meadowbank staff I encounted on the countless times I have been here are also very polite. It's a great venue for a massive gig, with its outdoor setting on the pitch making it great to crash on the grass and listen to some tunes at the end of summer. It's also very accessible by bus and they put on good taxi services no matter what the occasion. So if you're not familiar with the city, the staff will certainly keep you right.Meadowbank is an example of what all sports arenas should be, and it helps bring affordable healthy living to the city of Edinburgh.
4	The main thing that springs to mind when I think about Meadowbank is Sports Days from back in the day when I was at school, and the Velodrome and athletics track, which seemed to go on forever at the time. Sadly, my athletics skills never won me any trophies, but I did enjoy basking in the sun with an ice cream and watching other sportier class mates sprinting round the track.Chomping ice cream and lazing about, despite being good times all round, isn't exactly beneficial to your fitness, so I would suggest coming here and taking advantage of the extensive facilities. Whatever your fitness method of choice, there's a good chance Meadowbank will meet your needs. There's a gym, two fitness studios with tons of classes on offer, seven days a week, plus three sports halls where you can play badminton, tennis and squash, outdoor pitches, a 400m 8 lane athletics track, and a 250m outdoor Velodrome.
4	Meadowbank Sports Centre is one of the best sporting facilities in Edinburgh and shockingly I have not used it as much as I should. When I have visited it though, I have always been impressed by the facilities on offer. The sports centre has a good selection of Astroturf pitches for football which are floodlight. The prices for the pitches aren't too bad when everyone clubs together, however if you are only wanting a kick around then I would advise that you go somewhere cheaper. As well as football pitches this centre has a swimming hall, large sport halls and a gym. My most recent memory of this place was on the night of the recent General election, when I was one of many watching over the votes getting counted. Throughout the night I was impressed by how large and modern the place was. A great sporting facility in Edinburgh!
4	I've been to Meadowbank numerous times over the years. Like Cheryl C., for never ending school athletics events (I came last in a 100m sprint... long story, scarred me for years), to checking out events such as Roller Derby. I haven't explored the full extent of it, but the place is HUGE. Recently, armed with my new Edinburgh Leisure card, we checked out the gym facilities. It is absolutely tiny, which laughs in the face of the overall size of the place, but at the time we visited, there wasn't any issue getting onto machines. Neither the SR or myself had the gonads to ask where the changing rooms were either, so we used the toilets. Completely fine by me, but if anyone knows where they happen to be, feel free to share!
4	Great selection of fitness classes at different times of the day and evening. There's even some 1/2 hour classes if you are pushed for time and like me, aren't a huge fan of the gym itself.   The gym looks onto the athletics track, which itself is available to use.  I agree with Catriona C, for the size of the centre the gym is strangely very small.  That said there's a reasonable selection of machines and I've never had to queue on the odd time I've been in there. There's always plenty friendly/approachable staff around if you're not sure about any of the machines or want a training plan developed or tweaked. They have one of those PowerPlate machines that I've heard good things about but never been brave enough to try.  There's a huge cafe with a soft olay area for kids, a physio is available by appt on Wednesday evenings and there's even a beauty salon on site too. As a local sports centre it's really good.
