5	The Word which goes forth has literally change my families life, it's great to go to a place that challenges you with the Word of God towards Growth and Maturity.
5	I didn't expect to find a church when I moved out here.  I checked out a few Christian churches,  even some spiritual centers but nothing resonated with me.  I was born and raised Catholic, so because of that some Protestant churches just don't work for me.  Sorry, I'm just not into all that hooting and hollerin' (or the threats of hell and damnation)!  I'm also very spiritual (not necessarily religious), so I can be wary of religious zealots.  But I've always been open to trying new churches out; so when my classmate invited me to come to hers, I thought sure why not!  Well let me tell you, I was hooked from day one.FCC is uplifting, delightful and there is lots of praise singing.  You can't help but join in!  It is a non-denominational, multicultural church.  The Sunday service is held at Saguaro High School at 10am.  Praise & worship singing goes on until about 10:30.  They also have bible study/service at 7pm on Wednesdays at their Phoenix location.  FCC is very welcoming and has such a cute way of welcoming new visitors.  Every so often, a new topic will be presented as part of a new series.  It will be discussed for several Sundays/Wednesdays in a row.  Afterwards, you can purchase the recordings in mp3/CD for safe-keeping.  The "Sex" series had just started when I began attending.  I was really impressed with how Pastor Moore handled the topic: he was very open, frank and respectful.  Any children present were ushered into another room, so adults could feel free to enjoy this topic.  I think it is a challenge for many Christians to follow God's word while traversing this terrain called "Earth".  I found this series extremely helpful to me and anyone wishing to maintain closeness to God.Speaking of children, they have their own program on Sundays in another part of the building.  I think this is really beneficial for them, allowing them to grow in their own faith with their peers.  They have the opportunity to start developing relationships with like-minded individuals.This year celebrates FCC's 15th anniversary so they just held a 3-day celebration.  And...I just officially took steps to become a member.  I begin membership classes next month!  Stop by and give it a go!
5	I had been looking for the 'Right-for-Me' church for over a decade.  As I have matured in the things concerning spirituality, I have become certain about two things: first, we all have a God-size hole in our hearts and we long to connect to a higher being, and second, not every church is for every churchgoer.  Just like not every school is for every learner. Anyway, I moved from the East about four years ago and within that time I found Faith Christian Center.  After attending a few services I realized that I had found my perfect-fit church.  My spiritual life has been transformed since I became a part of this community.  I believe it is because members are encouraged to be their best for God as well as in every other area of their lives.  FCC is not religious, it's Christ-centered. It's not legalistic, it's realistic.  It's not too big, nor too small.  It's multicultural and non-denominational. It's a blend of the old spiritual- and new praise songs. It's for all ages.If you have been searching like I have, stop by and check us out. Here's the link: http://www.fcc-phx.com/
5	I LOVE Faith Christian Center. Come as you are enviroment. Leave undertanding what the Pastor was talking about. I am not perfect and when I go i dont feel judged. Muticultral church, people of all ages attend. Thier mission is "Empowering you to be your Best." Its doesnt get any better than that.
5	I normally don't review churches that I visit...but this one is awesome.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be my place of worship.  The pastor delivered a real word-nothing too complicated...but relevant and applicable. Praise and worship was on point. The congregation and servants are MORE than welcoming.  I did not feel like a stranger here.  There is tons of love in this place, and they give it.  This church has a good, young adult vibe, but with a mix of members-young and old. This is not my church, but I highly recommend worshiping with FCC!
