5	What a fun night out this was! Lots of us Elities got together up here to enjoy all different kinds of great bar snacks that Outback is introducing and every one of them was delicious!  Along with that, this is a fun, comfortable restaurant, the servers were super nice, & they brought out never ending food.  The drinks were excellent too!Along with all that, our Ambassador Lindsey helped make the whole evening extra special, and this Yelp outing was a complete success.  5 Stars!!     :-))
5	What better way is the to spend a Tuesday night than with an amazing yelp event and friends?! The bingo event was so much fun. I couldn't believe that I actually found someone who has visited Australia.  I apologize to all hose people that had to put up with my imitation kookaburra laugh and song.  The new bar menu was a tasty treat that doesn't disappoint. My favorite thing of the night had to be the spinach artichoke chicken flatbread.  The nachos were a close second.  I only got to try the rum punch but it was delicious.  The Mescato, margarita, and appletini drinks all looked like the could be gobbled up.  Our table's server Nicole D. was phenomenal. Extremely friendly and personable and always willing to do a little bit more to make the evening great.  I look forward to visiting them again so that I can try some if the things that I missed.
5	(Lyrics - Midnight Oil - Beds Are Burning)Outback Adventure Yah!The flatbreads and the nacho chipsBreaded shrooms and skinny ritasWhile it's eighty five degrees (outside)Elite time's has comeTo say Let's YelpTo play a gameTo win a prizeElite time's has come Elite Event!Let's review on YelpLet's give it starsHow can we dance when I should be YelpingHow do we sleep while I'm busy postingHow can we Yelp when our drinks are flowingSeems like the way is to go Bo Biting -- wink! Never really thought we would ever go to a chain to do an Elite Event, but hey it works.  Got my yummy nachos and my favorite of the night; breaded shrooms.  Needless to say, guess who had to finish it off at my table!  Didn't really care for the flatbreads, but the coconut shrimp and blooming onions help topped off the food binge night!  Drinks were awesome, I would definitely come back for the margarita mixes and the sangria wasn't that bad either.  Thanks again Lindsey and welcome aboard Jessica! Great launch party for Outback! -- Enjoy!
5	Who knew Yelp could give all Elites the opportunity to go Down Under- well at least to the Cactus Rd. Outback!My friend Reese (who also is Elite) and I were greeted by Lindsey and her new intern Jessica and given 2 bingo cards & 2 drink coins. The girl who won bingo was given a basket full of goodies from Yelp- I was slightly jealous as everything looked great.We found a spot at the bar and were given a variety of appetizers to try. Among the top 3 were the coconut shrimp with a tangy pineapple sauce,  the Margherita flatbread, and of course the bloomin' onion strips with the signature sauce.  As for the drinks, the skinny margarita and the rum punch were AMAZING and just what I needed after this long Tuesday! All of the servers and bar staff were phenomenal! This was a great elite event!
5	This event was a really fun way to get together with fellow yelpers, and it also gave us the chance to experience the new bar menu at this Outback location. The food and the drinks were delicious - I especially enjoyed the short rib nachos, the coconut shrimp with Creole marmalade, and the rum punch. The bingo signature sheets were a fun way to mingle with the other yelpers in the event and also gave us a chance to talk about and firm up plans for some upcoming UYEs. Good job, Outback ... and kudos to Lindsey and the yelp team for putting together this enjoyable event!
5	I'm surprised that I can still check-in after I came home.  I love the power of Yelp!   It felt just not the same tonight since my phone was out battery.  No check in, FB, Tweet, and no photos.  Where was my spare battery when I needed it?We all got two tokens to use for drinks.  I started out with the rum punch.  That was one of favorite drinks.  The coconut shrimp, onion bloom petals and mushrooms were fantastic.  A great selections on the happy hour menu. The waitstaff were so attentive and on the ball with the drinks and food.  The bar area was spacious and with private booths.  I guess you can bring the kids.  No phone was the downside of evening, but everything changed when I won the loverly gift basket.  I love Yelp BINGO!  Another great yelp event organized by our favorite CM, Lindsey.  Thanks to Kevin and everyone at Outback for making my Tuesday evening a lot better!
5	This was a great evening! I met a lot of new faces. ( Or at least new to me) Bingo was so funny. I can't believe I do not know the Australian Nursery Rhyme or the laugh of a Kookaburra. Bad teacher here! At least I knew what Marsupials were. (Ha,ha redeemed)I loved all the new bar food apps. We were the first ones to check them out. Woot! I am definitely going to be telling all my peeps about the 4 dollar new bar app plates. We also got two free drink coins. I had two Margaritas. Since I was the DD, Chris was great to make them light alcohol. In fact, Chris was the best bartender eva. All the servers and staff were ever so nice tonight and extremely helpful. I felt spoiled. My favorite new app was the Coconut shrimp. Of course the old favorite Blooming Onion is still as delish as ever.I was so happy for Linda too winning that huge Knife/Culinary basket. She was totally protected for sure on her drive home. lol. It was nice to see how happy she was to win her prize.  Okay Yelp, thanks again for a Blarney Good time Mates! Yawll, have a great day in the Outback.PS- I was curious and could not resist. Please click on the link. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc_-icFHwQo
5	Highlights of the event:Coconut ShrimpFlatbreadsMeeting cool new ElitesLearning the full first verse of the Kookaburra song and singing it 7-10 times during the evening (at one point, participating in a lovely duet with Teresa S.)Outback was a great setting to kick back and munch on happy hour bar food and drinks. The service was extraordinary. Every server was nice and attentive, sometimes offering extra samples. For being a u-shaped bar, it was easy to bounce around with a Bingo card, eliciting funny tasks or interesting facts from fellow Yelpers. I had a great time at my table, enjoying the food and company.I love going to Outback already, so knowing about the inexpensive and attractive happy hour menu is all the more reason to come back, and pull up to the bar! Thanks to Lindsey for hosting another wonderful occasion to imbibe and socialize. A "g'day" to Outback for allowing us rowdy kids into your place of business. And, thanks to Yelp for bringing together such great people!
5	I'm a little shy when it comes to going to events where I don't really know anyone. After getting my drink tokens I made a beeline to the bar for a glass of wine and with the help of BINGO I was chatting up a storm with everyone I encountered. Folks sang to me -as a duet no less-, talked like an Australian and told me to sit my butt down and eat some wonderful appetizers with them. By the end of the night I met some great folks (the highlight was finally meeting Rand H.) I loved just relaxing with a glass of wine and girl talk with some amazing ladies I had never met before but can't wait to hear updates on their lives =)Outback has always had their mushrooms on their "secret menu" so we always order them when we come in, they are my favorite, in a close second was the Margarita Flatbread, I love that Lindsey recognized me when I walked in and mentioned me being there for my second Elite event, she's so sweet!
5	Yay to another great Yelp Elite event folks! After checking in, we got to do this activity that Lindsey put together. What a great way to get to know your fellow yelpers as well as new Yelpers! It was so much fun trying to get bingo and getting to know my Yelpers! =)The food! I tried to so many items but my favorite had to be the nachos and the mushrooms. The nachos were amazing! I devoured that. lol. & the mushrooms had a kick to it at the end. As far as the drinks, the rum punch had to be the highlight of the night! Not only does it come in a mason jar for you but it tastes amazing! I also got to try the apple martini as well as the Merlot which was not too shabby. Even though this was a bit of a drive for me it was well worth it to get to know my fellow yelpers, meet new yelpers and try out some amazing food and drinks! Thank you to Lindsey and Outback! =)
4	I really enjoy smaller more intimate Elite events such as this one because I really get a chance to truly talk, mingle and meet new people. There was ample seating for all, although our reserved Bar Section was packed it didn't feel crowded. Upon arrival everyone was given two coins to try the new Bar drinks; I had the Sauza Gold Coast Rita and the Aussie Rum Punch, YUM! Both drinks were excellent but the Rita edge out the Punch by a slight hair. The main focus of the event was to try the new appetizers which most can be purchased at about $4 once the new menu rolls out. I must admit I wasn't particularly blown away by any of the appetizers they were all just "okay". My favorite of the appetizers were the Coconut Shrimp, they were perfectly fried yet still were moist and had that distinct shrimp flavor which is normally zapped out in the frying process. The most disappointing appetizer of the night were the flatbreads, although the toppings were good the flatbread itself fell short to me, it reminded me more of a cracker than an actual bread. Luckily, the drinks alone are worth coming back for Happy Hour. Once again another successful Elite Event is in the books! Great job Lindsey and a big thank you to the Outback Steakhouse management and staff!
4	Yelp Elites are taking over the bar at Outback? Count me in. While I wouldn't consider myself the biggest fan of Outback; per se, I am a fan of getting together, chatting with pals, meeting other Yelpers and having fun! Outback sampled their new Happy Hour menu for us; food and drink items at $4 each. Fried Shrimp, Potato Chip Nachos, Flat Breads, martinis, and margaritas.FYI, If you need someone to sing "kookaburra sits in the old gum tree" to fill out a square of Yelp Bingo, I'm your guy. I'm also happy to pose in the background for a staged photo bomb achieving that perfectly impromptu look everybody's going for.Yelp Bingo is always a blast at these events, you're forced to introduce yourself to people you've not met before, do things you wouldn't normally do - at least in public, and cut through that social safety net we normally hang on to in an effort to play the game. I'm always happy to meet new people, so if you think you see me walking around, don't forget to say "Hi" !  If it turns out to be someone else, don't feel awkward, just tell them they look just like your handsome friend Jon! ;-)Thanks for a fun evening everybody and I look forward to seeing you at the next one!
5	It seems like it has been awhile since I have been able to get to an Elite event, so imagine how happy I was to find out I was in!! woohoo!  Like Jaime C, I really like the smaller events because you can really get a chance to talk to and meet old and new Elite members ( Leilani, Tonya, Ursula) just to name a few. I had a blast chatting it up and enjoying some of delicious new bar menu items that will soon be featured on all the Outbacks nationwide. My favorites were (in order):Coconut Shrimp - The two I had just weren't enough lolMargherita Flatbread - some said it tasted liked a cracker with toppings but the three or so I had ( different plates) were all yummy goodness and actually tasted like flatbread. (sorry to others, we had the good stuff ) The balsamic vinegar reduction is what made this one stand out!Bloom petals - a new twist on a classic favoriteBushman 'shrooms - how could you not like fried mushroomsShort rib steakhouse nachos - as long they are hot, they are good. Once they get cold, eh not so muchHomemade bbq chips - the chips were ok but the sauce, I could have dipped anything in that Jalapeno ranch sauce and it would have tasted good. That sauce was the bees kneesChicken Artichoke Flatbread - meh... that is all I can say about, just meh. It lacked something and I am not sure what it wasI did not partake in any liquid libations except for tons of water but my fellow yelpers seemed happy with all the delicious drink choices that were floating around.Since all the items including the drinks will all be $4 during happy hour, you had best believe I will be visiting an Outback soon!  Thanks Lindsey and your new intern for a great time! Thank you to the Outback Steakhouse Staff on Cactus for putting up with us rowdy Yelpers!
5	No better way to turn an ordinary day into a G'day than to go down under with your favorite Yelp mates at a Yelp's Outback Adventure! To begin our adventure we were given bingo game cards for a fun way to meet  new blokes, sheilas and learn facts about our mates. Now we know who's really been down under and who can and can't sing! Of course no Yelp adventure would be complete without a tour through the new Happy Hour Bar Menu! This menu is sure to please with $4 drinks and appetizers like the fried shrooms, the deflowered blooming onion, now served as petals, chicken flat breads, a new twist BBQ Chips and my favorite the coconut shrimp, all with their own tasty sauces for dipping.We then cashed in our tokens for the fabulous drinks in which several of my mates guzzled jars of Rum Punch, sipped glasses of wine, and drank skinny margaritas.I'll have to confess even I was lead into temptation by the Crisp Red Apple Martini, it was like biting into a sinfully sweet apple sprinkled in cinnamon, Lord have mercy! Service was stellar, as our group was lucky to have Nicole, she took excellent care of  us, was friendly and had an awesome personality, a true treasure at Outback!  If you want great service she is your Sheila!!!No party would be complete without cheers for our best Sheila, Lindsey and her new awesome assistant Jessica! Definitely a good place to hang out for Happy Hour, thank you Outback and Yelp for an awesome event!
5	The Outback, until recently is someplace I have never ventured out too, but then comes along this Yelp Elite Event inviting me to go down under!! Who can say no to that!!!This was an elite only event, and I have to say, though I really like having my plus one with me, I really really appreciate having the Elite only events, it allows me to meet some new Elite members, yes there are still people I don't know, can you believe that!  And gives me time to socialize with fellow elite members I haven't seen in a while!  Now about this event, when we checked in Lindsey handed us a Yelp Bingo Card, man I sure do love Lindsey's bingos, it is a fun great way to get to learn & know your fellow Yelp Elites! Also apon checking in we got 2 gold coins to redeem for drinks! After my walkabout seeing fellow Yelpers & getting my bingo board filled out, I found my way back to my table to try some of the amazing food!My drink for the night: Aussie Rum Punch, I enjoyed this drink, and I loved the color of it too! So yummy!Bushman 'shrooms: I love love love these mushrooms! They were so perfect!! Couldn't stop eating them!Homemade BBQ Chip: the sauce was amazing! YUMMY!!! And if you're a chip person, you will love these homemade spuds!!Coconut Shrimp:  OMG MY FAVORITE!!! Absolutely loved them!!! Even went scouting to see if other tables had some haha, sadly, no, everyone seemed to love them as well :)Bloom Petals: these lil devils are so delish!!! Chicken Artichoke Flatbread - While the flavor of the chicken and artichoke was great, I found the flatbread to be more of a cracker texture which threw it off for me , but everyone seemed to have enjoyed it because I didn't see a plate with any left!Thank you Outback for given us luckly Yelp Elites a chance to try out your new bar menu!! Thank you Yelp and Lindsey for another amazing party!!Oh also Way to Go Yelp!! Right before I checked into this Event,, I noticed a fellow Yelp Elite member, who lives in Austin checked into a Yelp Outback event as well, was all excited to get the chance to say hi to  him, but come to find out he was still in Austin at his Elite event! Way to go Outback & Yelp for having simultaneous events nationwide!
4	I have not been to a Yelp event in a long time now. So we were looking forward to this one. We have never been to this location. It was clean and set up really nice.Playing the Bingo game was a lot of fun.We got to see a lot of Yelpers Elite we have not seen in awhile an meet some new ones that we have only talked to via emails.Lindsey is the best party thrower ever. She always makes it a great night.Linda won a really nice prize from the Outback. We had good drinks and checked out some new appit. from Outback. We had a great server Fred. Thanks for another fun night!
5	Outback has a new Bar menu and what better way to introduce it than to have Yelp's Elite take it for a spin. Thank you Outback and thank you Lindsey for hosting such a cool night out.  Sampling the coconut shrimp, delicious margherita flat bread and moscato hit the spot; and there is nothing better than great food, drink and fun friends to end a work day. My next after work hang out will be at Outback!
5	I was really looking forward to this Yelp Elite Event simply because it had been a while since I enjoyed the company of so many wonderful people within this group. I'm not a Steak person nor had I ever been to an Outback before so my mind was set to mingle and enjoy the moment.As always our fearless Yelp leader, Lindsey and her awesome new intern, Jessica, planned a perfect evening for everyone. One by one, the Servers brought out delish appetizers. I'm all about the appetizers so I loved 'em all! Since my weight loss and better eating habits, I cut out social drinking. So no drinks for me...but those that did order clearly enjoyed the Foo Foo drinks!  My beautiful friend, Cheryl, was a bit too happy after her first Crisp Red Apple Martini...so it must have hit the spot! A Yelp Bingo / social mingle game was played which was a great reason to mix and mingle. After viewing their menu, I would definitely return to Outback. Thank you to Outback, Lindsy, Jessica and all those at Yelp that hooked us up with a great evening.  I'll be meeting a friend for Lunch at this same location today. Cheers***
4	Outback has always been one of those places that was a "go to" for getting steak that wasn't quite Morton's or Ruth's Chris, but you knew it was going to be pretty "darn" good. However, as my palate has developed and I started to avoid chain restaurants, I soon forgot about Outback, and hadn't made an appearance there in ages.I'm so grateful for this Yelp event, because it reminded me of why I loved Outback - great laid back atmosphere, good food, and friendly people and servers. One of my favorite things about going to Outback was that the waiters were always friendly. They'd make the effort to either sit in the booth with you at your table as they not only talked about your order, but about life too. If they didn't have room to sit in the booth with you, then they'd kneel so that they are at your eye level. It's little touches like these that made the atmosphere so welcoming.This event did not stop short of what I remembered. The waiter that assisted us throughout the night was very friendly and helpful. I was impressed that even though he didn't write anything down, he remembered all our drink orders, and this was despite the fact that there were so many of us. I thoroughly enjoyed the rum cocktail as well as the red sangrias. It's funny because Outback is not really someplace I associated with memorable cocktails, but they really pulled through this time. The drinks were flavorful, sweet and "packed a punch" at the same time. I was very pleased!The new food items that they presented were very tasty as well! I loved the margheritta flatbread pizza and the chicken pesto flatbread pizza. The cowboy nachos were unique in the sense that they nachos were piled onto bbq chips. What a nice touch! The coconut shrimp was very filling with that thick coconut breading and the shrimp inside was very succulent. All this for $4?!?  What a steal!! I can't wait until these all become a permanent stable of their happy hour bar menu! And oh, don't you worry... the bloomin' onion, of course a fan favorite, is there to stay both on happy hour and the regular menu!Thanks Lindsey, Yelp, and Outback for such a fun filled event and a scrumptious one at that!
5	Good times! It's always amazing when you get to try out a new menu before it gets served to the public. And hanging out with all the Yelp elites wasn't too bad either. I loved playing the bingo game and getting to know other Yelpers. Sometimes, we tend to just stay and socialize with the people we know.The food was delicious! The artichoke flat bread with chicken was amazing. So was the nachos and fried mushrooms. I think Outback did an amazing job with their new menu. A lot of the items are only $4. My Coast Rita drink was amazing as well. They even put their Blooming Onion dish onto the new menu as a $4 item, and that's one of my favorite appetizers from Outback. It's a smaller size but it's only $4! Other notable items were the Aussie Rum punch and the coconut shrimp. So this is an all day menu meaning these prices and items are available everyday at anytime across the entire country. So I was told that... except in California. California is special, I guess. haha.Staff was friendly and worked very hard. Thanks to Lindsey for setting this up and inviting us out. And also the new Yelp intern person helping out Lindsey. I think her name was Jessica. I don't know... I'm sure I'll be seeing her around more anyways.
5	Come Happy Hour, Come Hungry Hour, Irene (now) knows where to head! The Bar @ Outback :)The Yelp Elite Event was a treat in such a neat space! Heck, this is a bar after all ;) Yes, I was a wee bit slow on how to play Bingo. It was so entertaining to laugh as folks popped into our table's booth to inquire if I had "X, Y or Z" expertise.  Turns out I take a lot of photos...but so do plenty of Yelpers!DRINKSI made friends with the Skinny 'Rita. Right after the Crisp Red Apple Martini walked into my life. (FOUR BUCKS! How can you go wrong? You can't!) I only drank two, but I could *easily* drink more. With a driver of course.Here's the thing. I've had my share of fruity girl drinks living in the Big Apple back east. So when I read "Red Apple Martini" I thought, "Eh!" Bring it on. It's probably just a lot of syrup.Uh uh.This little guy (yes, it has a gender now) packs a wallop. Sprinkled with a hint of cinnamon I was surprised. It's not a bitter taste, as you know, but it's not expected. Sweet, but not the regular drink sweet. Big fan, BIG FAN. FOODWe ate so much, but at this event, I paced myself. Yes indeed. I sampled every single plate that came out. My favorites (which are hard to choose given the delights presented) are the flatbreads. The plates are a larger portion than I would expect for $4. Easily sharable at happy hour if you're interested in sampling.I LOVE the margherita flatbread. It's not quite like eating a pizza so I didn't feel guilt for consuming lots of bread and cheese. Yum! The chicken artichoke flatbread was a wee bit richer, but still very waist friendly. These guys are a definitely must for snacks at the bar. (Again, FOUR BUCKS!)WE LINGERED | SERVICE WAS IMPECCABLECute place with great service! Randy was superb in checking in with us the entire time. Can't wait to visit again!Thanks for the invite Lindsey! This was a wonderful fun event!*I'll upload the rest of the photos shortly.(That only happened three months later. Oops!)
5	Great event! The food and drinks were awesome, cant wait to hit up Outback for happy hour some time soon! Thanks to everyone who came and mingled and made it very entertaining. It was nice to meet a bunch of new people as always and personally I liked the bar atmosphere
4	My first elite event where I wasn't a +1 and I had a great time!  It was very cool to meet so many new people, try some new food and drink and visit a place I normally wouldn't go to.  I tend to avoid nation chain restaurants so it was nice to get to try out things I would have otherwise missed with friends, new and old.The new happy hour menu was tasty and I appreciate the prices.  My favorite was the coconut shrimp by far.  These were not small shrimp.I look forward to many more events in the future and expanding my horizons at places I normally wouldn't think to try out.
4	Upon entering Outback Steakhouse, I was giving a little "bingo" game to be completed in order to win a really cool basket full of goodies - unfortunately, I didn't win, but that's okay!  I was seated with a great group of people at one of the booths.  We were able to sample many food items like flatbreads, onion blossoms, coconut shrimp, nachos, mushrooms and plenty others. I have to say, the coconut shrimp was probably my least favorite.  My favorite were the 2 flatbreads that were brought out.  They were tasty, crunchy and very flavorful.  The service there was great - they were very prompt, friendly and attentive.  We also were served 2 alcoholic beverages - I opted for 2 glasses of their moscato wine which I probably could have drank the whole bottle if given the option.  It was delish!  Thank you again for a great event, Lindsey!
5	I really had a blast at this event. I've been to Outback a million times, but I liked mingling with old and new Yelp buddies while trying the new bar menu! I like the sharable portions and affordable prices. It's good to know there will be a yummy happy hour that I can afford every day of the week! My favorite part was Yelp bingo. I think it's hard to break the ice, but get us going and the fun begins!
4	It was really neat getting a sampling of the new bar menu that Outback will be introducing in the near future. The drinks were all delicious - I had the sangria and skinny rita. I couldn't even tell that the margarita was "skinny" - it was so satisfying! The food was good; I especially liked the flatbread. The nachos were very unique, I hadn't had any on barbecue potato chips before! I really liked getting to know the other people at my table and the intimate environment, but also we could mingle if we wanted to. It was all very well designed.
5	If you know me at all, you know I love steak and I love Outback.  So when I was invited to go down under with Yelp, I knew it was going to be a good time!I was not disappointed with the samplings of the new bar menu.  The nachos were awesome, and a great value for the regular price of $4.  My favorite app was the shrimp, but I even enjoyed the mushrooms!  It takes a very special shroom to find room on my plate.The bingo game when we arrived is always a great ice-breaker to allow us to mingle and find out new, unique facts about our fellow elites.  When we settled in to enjoy the food and service, there were plenty of new and familiar faces around with whom we could converse.  Great job on the new menu items, Outback!  I can't wait to come back for happy hour for another Peach Mango Sangria.  Thanks to Lindsey for another fun event!
5	It was a nice evening to go out to the Outback.  Why not go and try out the new bar menu.  Everything on the new menu was great.  Between the cocktails and the apps,  it was all awesome.  So,  the two flat-breads and the fried mushrooms were my favorite.  Also the rum punch was my favorite drink.  The other food they had were nachos and shrimp.  It is always great to see friends that I know and meet new people at events.  Thank you Lindsey and Outback for a wonderful evening out.
5	I've actually been back to Outback several times since the Yelp's Outback Adventure thanks to the fantastic experience I had while here at this event.I looked forward to this event since Outback while having great food has a relaxing atmosphere so I knew I could come and hang out with my fellow Yelpers without worries for formality.  I sat with Irene V., Bao H. and sampled the new bar menu in a leisurely pace.  I tried two of their cocktails which were full of flavor and I loved how they were served in mason jars for that backyard, down under feel.  All of the bar menu items I had were good.  I have to sing praise to the steak on top of the fries though as my favorite.  It's full of calories I'm sure so come have this on your cheat day and it'll still give you your protein while satisfying your carb cravings.The other menu items I liked were those little stuffed mushrooms and fried coconut shrimps.  Nom, nom.  Yum, yum.  Definitely a great place to come for happy hour to relax with a group of friends or if you just want to take a break from shopping or a busy day.Best part?  Their happy hour bar menu is ALL DAY LONG!  Starting from when they open to when they close . . . how much better can it get than this?!Thanks Lindsey, Yelp, and Outback for hosting this fun event!
