5	Sorry, I LOVE 99 Cents Only!I was so glad when I moved over here from L.A. & found that 99 Cents lives here too.  They have a lot of your everyday groceries, hardware, & much more, at super low prices.  If I need something & I'm not sure if they would have it, they usually DO!  Everything here is just a dollar, too.  This is not a "Dollar Store" where things are $4!The "worst" values here are like sale prices at Fry's Food, & the best are just amazing.  I see & buy items here that cost up to $20 elsewhere!The only time I get mad is when I see something here for a dollar that I just paid $5 or $10 for somewhere else!  YES, I've had that happen more times than I want to remember.  Meanwhile, I buy about half of my groceries here, as well as most of my sundries, small tools, & so on.  Do you have a land line phone & pay for long distance?  You get 99 minutes here for a dollar, or 25 minutes to Canada or Mexico!     :-))
4	I went in for one thing and one thing only. Raisinets. I walked in and went my usual path to the left for the candy isle. This 99cent store put's it's food and candy to the left. I also left with directions to the local AMC thanks to the nice cashier.
5	When you hear the word 99 cents Only what do you think?  Yeah another dollar store has come along.  This is what I certainly thought when this one moved into my area.  My first reaction was why would I bother going in there I have plenty of other dollar stores around me.  In other words if you seen one dollar store you have seen them all.  Boy was I wrong, after the store open I decided to just go check it out once.  I was stunned by what I found in it.  Yes, it has the typical dollar store items such as shampoo, and kids stuff.  But there was also a produce department a frozen food department, a can good department the likes of which no other dollar store could equal.  Then there was an over the counter drugs and personal needs area that once again put most other dollar stores to shame.  In other words, this was a dollar store that also had a drug store and a grocery store within it as well.  I can't say enough about 99 cents only, except if you have one in your area and you haven't gone into it because you think its just another dollar store, think again.  Visit it and you will be as pleasantly surprised as I was.  It has now become my favorite store, and I have saved so much on my grocery bill per month thanks to 99 cents only.
5	This location is very well organized and fully stocked with varies items all under $.99 cents. Customer service at the register was super.
2	Items selection +++, price +++ (99 cent duh!), customer service ---- guess you get what you pay for, shift manager Jennie can use some customer service skills.  She kept running the isles picking stuff up and we thought she was going to run us over with the cart, no manners whatsoever. Then when they closed she came over and said 'We are closed, you need to go check out now' ughh rude witch or maybe she was just in character for Halloween.  We were commenting and the cashier agreed with us and said she was really mean. Hey Jennie, I'm a paying customer,  treat me with some respect lady!
