2	I really wanted to like this place. I really did. I had originally started coming here because I bought a groupon and was looking for a new stylist.My total experience here includes 3 haircuts, eye brow wax, and a full head of highlights. The highlights were the icing on the cake and definitely are what made me not want to go back for good.My stylist was a very personable woman, but in the end she wasn't very good on listening to what I wanted. 3 seperate times I did not get what I asked for.The absolute worst part about this place though is that every single time I've been here I've been rushed in and out and felt very unappreciated. Whoever is running the books and appointments there really needs to get their act together. If you can't handle high traffic then do not OVER BOOK yourselves. I've schedueled all of my appointments well in advance, so it's not like they were squeezing me in.Atmosphere is also stuffy and unwelcoming. I decided to give it 2 stars since my stylist was a very nice lady.
1	GO TO PLAN B!  This is NOT a shop you want to give your business!  I have been a very good and generous customer for too many years.  If you are in Linda's chair (one of the owner's) you will get an excellent cut/color BUT, you will wait!!!!  And wait.  I can't remember a time I raced to get there and did not have to wait 10 min, 20 min, 30 min, even an hour, b/c she tries to do too many things,  and so, you wait!!!!  Also, I recently went to get a hair cut and she lost her focus, b/c she had to stop and finish someone and then stop again to check foils and then stop again to answer questions and she totally changed my style (that I was growing out 6-7 months) and she knew when I left I was not happy, but she said to blow it out myself tomorrow and it would be okay, it wasn't and when I told her it was a terrible, the worst, with no rhyme or reason, and that it took me an hour to blow out and how frustrated I was, she imploded on me for 40 min, telling me she couldn't look at me!  It was ALL about HER and not my terrible hair cut that I had to force her to fix, making it even shorter and still treated me horribly, no one believes my story, that ME, being the customer, she didn't care or try to make it better at MY convenience,and after all those years.  Her partner, her sister offered me a refund, I never asked, and I still have the voicemail confirming our talk and the refund and yet, no refund. After all the wks of aggrevation and  frustration, they shot their integrity to hell over a $49 check!  REALLY?  STAY AWAY!  There are many other salons that do really good work and you are geared to the customer.  I found one I love and there were many recommendations to me.  So, go to Plan B, Plan A, Hairtique, nah!
1	I DID like this place for over 30 years and was a customer of Linda, one of the owners for that long.  I was always good to her and we were 'friends'.  My last appointment there she was too busy dealing with interruptions (phone call, checking foils and stopping in mid-stream to finish off someone), as she is with every single appointment I have ever had. She lost her focus on what I wanted and cut away, totally changing my cut and I was not happy with the results.  She told me to go home and work with it the next day.  The next day came and it was a mess, when I told her her, her LARGE ego was hurt and a wk later she ripped me a new behind b/c I didn't like my cut.  Really?  This is how you treat a long-time customer, yell at them for 45 min b/c your ego was hurt?  At first she REFUSED to fix the cut.  After I TOLD her she would fix it, did she then do it.  She then totally screwed me, by cancelling my root color at the last moment a week later!  STAY AWAY FROM HER!!!   You wait and wait at every single appointment, and unless you have much time to kill, go somewhere else.  I am much happier since I left, there IS life after Linda @ Hairtique.  AND, they have NO integrity.  I talked to her sister Chris, after the ordeal was over and she offered me a refund, twice!  I still have the voicemail offering it to me,   Linda REFUSED to refund the service, even tho I was inconvenienced for 2 wks and did it at HER convenience.  Do yourself a favor and keep stress to a limit, as well as your time and find anther place to go.  Please note:  I am not the first customer of over 30 yrs who treated her very well that she has done this too.  It is HER way or you are out the door!  There is NO arguing with her BIG ego!  Stay away, far too much drama between the two sisters!
5	Do you want to have Red Hair? Shiny, healthy hair? I did and by an accident or fate I found Hairtique! I came to Chris with hair so damaged from another Salon that color absorption was impossible to achieve. In one visit I went from dry and porous hair to a healthy vibrant Red!  Compliments on myHair are non-stop and so I continue to go to this hair-saving wonderful hairdresser at a salon that while there you are made to feel valued as a client by each member of the staff as you are offered an amazing array of homemade pastries!  Could it get any better? No!  So this is now my Salon, One that will give you the ultimate in healthy hair with the color you always wanted!   Eileen Milliken. 8/25/14
5	I just checked in to Hairtique site and was shocked and that is the word I want to use to see my review was relegated to "Not recommended" review because soft wear thought it was too positive!! Eileen Hyland Milliken
5	I don't know how this site can be trusted  I wrote a great review for a Salon, Hairtique that corrected every hair problem I had and it was put under not recommended reviews!  I then wrote complaint of review placement and the complaint replaced the review which disappeared all together!  Eileen Hyland  at e mail address eah189@gmail.com Willyelp Respond?p
