4	If you are in the market for stationary or custom invitations this is the place... recently I had to get some invitations made for an engagement party I was hosting.  Being none artistic and a guy I was pretty intimidated... but Lydia was a great help... she understood what I was looking for and was able to get in and out in about 20 minutes and send me a proof within 48 hours.  Great customer service... but you also pay for it.
4	We used PaperJoy for our wedding invitations and programs. Lydia, the owner, was a Joy (no pun intended) to work with. She was willing to stay late to accommodate my work schedule and was quick to respond to each email. The best part about Lydia, was that she was very conscientious of my budget and helping me eliminate extraneous costs without losing the look I wanted. I came to Lydia with a vision of lace on my invitations and she was excited for a new challenge. Together, we created beautiful invitations and programs. Everyone commented on how custom and unique they were. PaperJoy's prices are beyond fair for the type of custom attention you'll receive. If you're not looking for a "cookie cutter" look definitely stop by PaperJoy. I can't wait to work with Lydia again for other paper needs.
3	This is a great paper / custom stationary / invitations store if you're willing to spend the money and not mind the attitude.They have a lot of different companies they work with, a large range of paper selections, and for wedding invitations, it is worth looking at some of the custom books to get ideas. Usually you can find at least one or two unexpected surprises are unique and really creative and beautiful. And I did. But my issues were that the pricing was always higher than it was first quoted ( many things that made the invitations extra special were an additional charge and not clarified from the beginning), and that the customer service for me was pretty dismal. Dont get me wrong, I love a person who knows what they are doing, much more than someone who is friendly but clueless. But I was snubbed so many times, and had to follow up with them so many times about questions because they did not email or call me back despite promising an email quote or response within a few minutes.You get a beautiful dream of what you could do, then you suddenly realise it'll cost you a fortune and you'll be constantly frustrated with the lack of communication from their end. I never spoke with Lydia, so that may be completely different.Beautiful stuff, though. Just seemed like too much trouble. Thats the main reason I went with someone else.
4	Went there today to get help with ordering unique, cute invites for my sister's baby shower!!  They had the cutest stuff!!!!  And Lydia, the owner was very helpful in making my "vision" a reality.  Great custom stuff!!!  Can't wait til my invites come in!!
5	The minute I entered Paperjoy, I travelled in time to a moment when store owners were attentive, caring and treated every customer like they were the only one!I used Lydia and her team for my wedding invitations after visiting countless of other paper/printers. I had designed my own and I had gotten estimates from most of them. Then I drove pass Paperjoy and decided to stop. No appointment. Just looking at their papers I got more ideas and the next day, Lydia brainstormed with me to take my ideas to the next level. Layers, twine, textures, it was so much fun!But as most procrastinating brides, I kept postponing it and postponing it, until I only had a few days to print and ran back to Paperjoy. They didn't disappoint me! In one week, my cards were printed. I am very hands-on, so I showed up the day the were ready and help them put my invitations in envelopes and they even gave me a discount for my help!Not only they were an amazing value and saved me money, they were a a fun bunch and a great resource in coming up with ideas, not only for the invitation but for my wedding overall.
4	Really cute, unique stationary. The people who work there are very helpful and creative and really take the time to help you. It is a bit pricey and every time I've ordered something from here, it's taken longer than they've quoted me. But, I would still go back.
5	This is place is so cute and in the perfect location...I go here to get special cards and stationary every now and then...it is on the pricey side but everytime I have gone in here they are sooooooo nice!  It is such a lovely little store and I would recommend it to anyone as long as they do not mind spending a little more on it!  You can do special orders for weddings and parties...I have never ordered anything from here but it looks like it would be fun (but expensive)....Try it!
4	Cute store tucked in by La Grande Orange and Tammi Coe. Parking is a challenge to be sure. They have tons of gorgeous paper and although what I was looking for was a little obscure and not something they had....Lydia took the time to refer me to where she thought I could get it. She had a great solution to another item I was looking for and even emailed me a link to some great ideas. Great customer service and a beautiful product. I'll come back again for any of my paper needs.
4	I love this store. It is adorable and you are able to pick up some unique pieces. The staff is friendly and I enjoyed stopping in.
5	My husband and I have been using Paper Joy for years now.  We first started with our Wedding invitations and then Christmas cards and now for everything else.  She does great work and at a good price.  The best thing about Lydia (the owner) is that she is there to help you customize and create exactly what you want.Try this place out!
1	I would never go there again. I walked it there and the guy looked at me like I was bothering him. I guess my money will bother him too.
5	My daughters and I have had the pleasure of working with the creative, delightful and incredible Lydia for several years and cannot say enough good things.  Paperjoy is that tiny unassuming shop where you instantly know you'll find what you want or Lydia will customize it for you.Wedding invitations, save the dates, thank you notes, Christmas cards - you name it - all earn us compliments as they reflect our personal style and theme.  Their personalized, hands-on service was evident as I watched the last few bows be tied to perfection before picking up my invites.  It's always my goal to support independent small business owners but Lydia makes it so easy.  This woman and her staff are one in a million!
1	I went in to Paper Joy this past week and I have to say  it was the worst experience in my life.  I'm not sure if the owner saw us pull up in a beat up truck and me walk in with my mom and neice and nephew, and assumed we were poor and I was un-wed with two kids!!  Or if she is just this rude to everyone.  I walked into the small cramped space and was ignored, so I started looking around.  She has a few examples of invitations on her back wall, so I started to look at those, I was not impressed.  I finally went over to her desk and she finanlly asked if we needed help.  I told her I just got engaged and wanted to see some examples of invitations and save the dates, and she told me I had to make an appointment.  There wasn't anyone in the store, she was very rude, and I could tell she was passing judgment on us.  She must not have seen the rock on my finger! Sure my parent's don't have a lot of money, hence the beat up truck we pulled into the parking lot in.  But my paren't aren't paying for my wedding.  My fiance and myself are, we are getting married at the Waldorf Astoria in Chicago (I was visiting family in AZ and wanted to involve my Mom in some of the planning).  If she wasn't so judgemental and allowed us to look through some examples we may have used her, all though I wasn't impressed with the few examples she did have on her wall!  She has no idea what my budget was and if she did know I'm sure she would have treated us better, but to be honest I wouldn't want to give someone like that my buisness.  Make sure you make an appointment before stopping in this place, and make sure you are dressed to the nines so she doesn't think your money is worthless in her store.  BTW - her webiste says appointments are preferred, not necessary!  No thanks!
5	Paperjoy is a lovely spot. I wandered in right before closing time during the busiest time of year to gather the necessary items I needed to make invitations for a holiday party. Justin stopped what he was doing to offer his creative help and find the special items to make my project ... special. This is locally owned business does great work and has friendly, wonderful service and an abundance of high quality goods. Buy your paper here!
4	I just found this local gem and love it!  The prices for stationary are very reasonable and the staff is very helpful and sweet.
5	I feel so fortunate for finding Paperjoy. After looking at over 40 pages on Etsy.com for wedding invitations, I was about to give up (obviously a non-option). We scheduled our appointment with Lydia who is a gem. I brought in some ideas and she was a step ahead of us once she got a grasp of our vision. VERY adorable store! I am so excited to get our invites. And her price point was spot on for what we budgeted. We will definitely be using Paperjoy for all of our stationary needs going forward.
