5	This studio is a great location, easy to get to from Summerlin Parkway, the freeway or surface streets. There is alot of parking space and lots of room to relax after a class. The inside is BEAUTIFUL, warm and inviting. It feels like home and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. There are lots of class times to fit busy schedules and there are a variety of teachers who always make going to class interesting. By far this is my favorite Bikram Studio in town. Bikram Yoga has truly been a blessing for me in my life and longevity in my career, and I am grateful to be able to practice at such a great studio!
4	I just took a 7pm Bikram class to this location. The studio is very well located by the Summerlin parkway buffalo exit and well decorated. The room was big but a little overcrowded... I don't know if it is always like this, It could have been the time and day. The class was really good and the staff really nice and helpful. They have a very convenient schedule with classes almost every 2 hours on the week days but unfortunately on the week ends they don't have so many. The temperature was extremely hot!! Maybe a little too hot but it could have been that I have not done Bikram in a few months due to a sprained ankle. I am definitely gonna go back there as I felt really good and focused after it!
3	As with all things including all yoga studios, you get the good with the bad.  In this case, there are great instructors and horrible ones.I'm from NY and usually practice at Bikram Yoga NYC but my parents live in Vegas so when I came to visit I had to find a studio to keep up with my practice and got their 1 week intro for $20.The facility itself is nice with a large studio, 3 showers w/ soap, shampoo, and conditioner, and blowdryers for you to use.  Also, the lady at the front desk when I signed up was very nice and efficient.As for the actual classes, I always believe choosing the right instructor is vital and in NY, I hopped around to different classes till I found one that is amazing and stuck to her by fitting my schedule to attend her classes.  I was just about ready to give this studio a 1 star review after yesterday's class till I attended Kirk's class today.Here, that instructor may very well be Kirk as the class I had with him today was great.  He seems very knowledgeable and helps you improve in an encouraging, friendly and NOT demeaning way.  He notices the little things and helps you with your postures.  Funny guy, makes the class really enjoyable.  He seems like he genuinely cares about the practice and wants to help students improve.  It's worth waking up early to take his classes--even if you're on vacation!  He's definitely worth at least 4 starsOn the other hand, the class I attended yesterday at 11:15 (I believe with Steph) was absolutely dreadful--the only thing that came to mind during the class was "WHAT A b****" which is something I've NEVER thought during a class or at a yoga studio and never want to again and I'm SURE others agreed with me from their facial expressions and dirty looks to her comments.  She did not make ANY beneficial comments to help people in the class improve their postures.  I actually noticed some individuals who were doing certain postures wrong (ex: not holding their foot the right way) and she didn't catch it or say anything.  On the other hand, she told this one lady in class to move her ponytail during savasana and called another lady a turtle for being too slow to get up.  Completely juvenille, demeaning, unprofessional and just plain annoying.  If I wanted to hear incessant nagging, I'd go to my grandma's.  Seriously, she totally ruined my mood.  Yoga is supposed to be relaxing, enjoyable yet all she did was make me aggravated.  She's just unmotivating and ruins your whole mood.  AVOID HER AT ALL COSTS--I'd give her a NEGATIVE score if it were possible.
4	I bought the 25 classes for $25 Groupon deal a couple of months ago, but I only finally started my first class today. The teacher was Kelli and based on my extremely limited experience with yoga, she seems like a very good guru who genuinely enjoys teaching and helping you improve.Overall, the studio is nice with interesting and appropriate decor. The locker room might be on the small side, but I'm guessing the ratio of men to women is small, so the men's room is perfectly adequate.
4	I tried this out after getting a Groupon for $25 and it was nice. Only suggestion is that you need to make sure you are there early to get a good spot on the floor because it gets really packed.
4	I just completed the $25 groupon that this studio offered.  Yep, I'm one of those "bargain hunters."  :)  It's at least the second groupon this studio has offered.  So they are obviously benefiting from the extra business.I won't get much into what actual Bikram yoga is because you can find all that on the internet - the good and the bad. It's just an exercise class to me and I don't really care about the politics about all the different forms of yoga.  I will just confirm that it is hot and strenuous.  But it's not impossible.  And you'll feel pretty relaxed afterwards.  Just drink a lot of water before and after.During the two months, I've take classes from a lot of instructors.  Kirk, Kimberly, Olga, Adele, Toni Jo, Stephanie (the owner), Lacey, Michelle, Xenia, and Jason.  Believe it or not, that's not all the instructors who happen to work here!  I still have yet to catch Melissa or John.  All the instructors are really nice and helpful.  But they are individuals.  Some are pretty funny and easygoing, like Kirk.  Others will push you, like Kimberly.  They all have your best interests in mind and no instructor intends to be mean or rude.  Keep in mind, there are regulars and inside jokes, so what might sound like an insult to an outsider is just a joke.  And they are human -  sometimes they make mistakes and may not catch every single incorrect pose in a room filled with 40 people.You need to figure out your own style and, if you have the ability to pick and choose classes, they post online who is teaching when and you can pick your favorite teachers.  I tend to be fickle. Some days I want to be pushed, other times I want to just take it easy.  Michelle was probably my favorite instructor but she left to hike from San Diego to Vancouver, teaching yoga along the way.  You can track her adventures at www.thehikingyogi.netRegarding the studio - I would not call it "spacious" like the website says.  The locker room (at least for women) is small and there is only one restroom.  If you keep anything in the locker room, be prepared to squeeze past sweaty and sometimes sweaty naked people to get to it.  I learned to just keep a sweatshirt outside and throw it on after class and head out.  I get claustrophobic pretty quick.  There are empty leases on either side of the studio so hopefully they can expand some day.Kind of a cool feature of this yoga studio - they have a traveler's special which is $50 for one week which includes mat and towel rental.  I think that is pretty good deal and I don't know of any yoga studios outside of Vegas that do this.  All in all, I like this place a lot.  It's a lot more laid back and friendly than other yoga studios in California that I've been too. I got a good deal on classes after my groupon - $160 for 20 classes for a one-day special they were running for Michelle's trip so I'll definitely be back!
5	As my wife stated, we have been to every Bikram studio in town and now call BYS home.  We LOVE all of the instructors and they have all been incredibly helpful to me.  I have had many knee surgeries and have my L3, 4, and 5 fused in my back, so I have some special considerations.  They have all been great at helping me work around and through my injuries and have helped me to start healing and start progressing in my practice.  The family atmosphere here is unlike any other.
3	I recently was on a business trip in las Vegas and made my way to the summerlin studio.   Making it out here is a trek if you are staying on the strip, but if one has a car and gps, it's a fifteen minute drive without traffic.  I had the good fortune of taking Kirk both days I practiced.  He is awesome, and I wish I could import him to my regular studio Bikram yoga NYC.   I attended a super early class at 545 am and was amazed by a good group of devotees, which gave the studio a great vibe and energy at the crack of dawn.  He even took the time to give me corrections despite my being a new face in the class. So why the three stars????  The facilities look ok. (I didn't shower).  Quite frankly it was the SMELL in the studio.   It has been a while since I encountered it, and I think it's because all the studios I attend are aggressive clean freaks and / or have moved to more Bikram friendly floor surfaces.  For example in my tour of Bikram this year - my home studio bikram yoga nyc and Bethesda, md have anti-microbial carpeting.  Likewise, salt lake city had a wooden floor and Oslo has linoleum flooring.  Maybe the latter two are no nos but as much as I love Bikram, if I lived in las Vegas I'd have a difficult time practicing as Bikram yoga summerlin for the locker room-like smell in the studio.
2	After a week of attending this yoga studio, I was no longer able to ignore my loudly-clanging bullshit detector, and had to quit. Nothing personal against this particular franchise...my beef is with Bikram yoga in general. Doing a Bikram class feels like working out at the Jonestown Athletic Club!Bikram devotees strike me as slightly brainwashed in their adherence to the cult of Bikram. This is reinforced at the end of every class, when everyone utters a monotone "Namaste" in unison, while laying flat on the floor with heels touching and palms out. Heaven's Gate, anyone?  Another thing I found creepy is that the instructors are required to recite pretty much word-for-word from a script. Funny quips and jokes are more robotic, less funny when you've heard them over and over ("Japanese ham sandwich"). They also have to repeat Bikram's mangled English ("Put your exactly forehead to your knee"). Exactly forehead? WTF is that? I'm not blaming the instructors -- it's Bikram himself (Bikram Choudhury, who devised this regimen in the early '70s) who insists that all his franchisees follow his shtick TO THE LETTER if they want to keep teaching. Yes that's right -- FRANCHISEES; it's a freakin' FRANCHISE that will set you back $10,000 and then $1,000 a month. That's in addition to the $10,500 fee for taking the required instructors' course. Think of all the Bikram studios across the U.S. The humble yogi is raking it in! Well, at least he's honest about it. Direct quote from Bikram: "Bikram yoga is so big. This is a bathroom slipper you buy (for) $2 in Kmart. But you put Bikram on it, it'll sell for $35 in a second." I'll give him props for his balls. Oh, speaking of his balls, here's another direct quote: "I'm beyond Superman. I have balls like atom bombs, two of them, 100 megatons each. Nobody fucks with me." Indeed, back in 2000 he sued a couple of yoga techers in CA for teaching a modified version of Bikram (they had the audacity to add music and lower the thermostat in the room from the sacrosanct 105 degrees, 40% humidity). The case was settled out of court. In addition to these ethical quibbles, I'm not so sure about the health benefits of doing a strenuous workout in a 105-degree room. They say I will sweat out all the "toxins" in my system. As far as I know, sweat is just salt and water. I didn't see any booze, shrooms or trans fats rolling down my face. I was going to finish my 30-day trial membership at Bikram Yoga Summerlin, just to give it a fair shake. Maybe I'd end up getting over my reservations, lose 10 pounds, become more grounded, and be able to sleep well again....???  Then I came to my senses and went back to Las Vegas Athletic Club... which costs me $9/month and offers a variety of un-copyrighted, unpretentious yoga classes. Holla!
4	I have one other studio as a comparison: Vegas HOT!I'll start with what I like about Summerlin,here:The have one huge room, the whole building is heated and humid (as it should be for a bikram studio), and there are classes everyday.I know it's kind of a small place, and it has a lot to offer based on that...and my groupon was too good of a price to pass up.Also they have a free time on saturday, should you have any friends that may wanna try it out with you!The only word to the wise I may have:They have a TINY locker room-come dressed for yoga already, or you will be bumping your naked ass on someone else's naked ass while you're trying to get ready! Small locker room=small lockers, and not many of them. Also, only like one shower and one toilet, so beware.All the ladies you may be bumping naked asses with are very cool about it, so don't be shy...or rude. You may make some good friends here. After all, you're all suffering through it together!
3	Love Bikram Yoga, have been to studios in NY, SC. And this one is nice but yoga room smell is overpowering. I've been twice and can't tolerate the odor from the carpet. They either need a anti-microbial carpet or a different floor covering before I'll return. Staff was very nice, very friendly. Agree with earlier comments, locker rooms are too small and cramped.
5	Great studio and great instruction!I was recently able to slip a class from Bikram Yoga Summerlin into my busy schedule during a work trip in Vegas. Coming to this location was worth the travel and time. I'm a regular Bikram practitioner, so it was amazing being able to take such a solid class within a great environment while away from my home studio. Thank you!
2	Big studio, nice people but room smelled like a dirty locker room and I honestly couldn't go into the room until the class was just about to start. The carpet is pretty awful smelling and the locker room itself is also in dire need of an uprade. Not a nice enough studio for me but the teacher did a good job with the free intro class (first Sat of the month at 3 pm) but there was too many people for any individual instruction. (and it wasn't technically full according to the girl at the front desk it wasn't a big class).  I've done Bikram for years and this was probably my least favorite studio to date so I won't be going back and will hopefully find another better studio.  I hear the nice studio is the one on the Westside on Hualapai and Twain so I'm headed to check it out and see that the prices appear to be the same or very competitive. It's nice that I was able to check it out without having to make a committment.
5	Who cares if Bikram is a franchise, making a dollar or regimented.? It's about the act and actions of this fine experience. I had my first session today and there was nothing but kindness, patience ( I can barely touch my toes for goodness sake) , guidance and clear directives. I loved it. The facility, a bit small, but so what, was clean, well laid out and represents EXACTLY what it is supposed to be; a  hot yoga establishment.  And a good one at that. I'm in and happily so. I feel great after my 1st session and believe me, I'm a beginner for sure. Whether you have a coupon, are a regular, or a novice, you WILL benefit from this experience.
5	I was a hot yoga first timer and had the opportunity to take a free class here a few days ago. I have no yardstick by which to measure Bikram yoga, so I could be totally off (seems like it by the low star rating) but everyone in the studio was super nice and I felt like the teacher was in tune with Bikram while also being in tune with people who aren't Bikram devotees.Upon walking in, I thought that there was a massive dog bath in the room with me. Were all the dogs ever getting bathed in the room? NOPE, just the stank sweat of undoubtedly hundreds of others who had previously signed up for this strange ritualistic class.George was my instructor and he was funny and provided me with corrections when I wasn't doing the poses right. I have to say that I was getting pretty exhausted by the middle/end of class and I wanted to just lay there and bake to death instead of try. I suppose that would go away with time but I don't know if I can go through Bikram that often, if ever again. It's true what they say though--that afterwards it will be so worth it and you will feel amazing. I did. I drank the Kool-Aid. I felt so great until four hours later I passed out for 12 hours. It took a lot out of me! I did not drink enough water AFTER the class which I feel like I am still paying for several days later.I had a good experience here and would consider going again--if I could get the gumption to commit to another scorching 90 minutes.
1	There are many great studios in town with great energy.  I took a class today from the owner Stephanie - very negative experience. She is very condescending and confrontational. Even brought a family member with me, the family member didn't want to come back again. Don't go there. She tries to correct peoples postures in a very angry way. I feel bad for Kirk, who is her right hand man and an excellent teacher. If you choose to go to that studio, don't take Stephanie's class. I suggest people go to a convenient location to you.
5	Of all people, my dad talked me into my first Bikram yoga experience. He had been frequenting the studio and lost quite a bit of weight, slept better at night, just overall felt better. I had heard of Bikram before and was convinced I would vomit if I stepped foot in a 105 degree room with 40% humidity with yoga involved. Also I had not been to the gym in months!! Imagine my fear!Upon walking in, I was greeted with smiles. Kurt checked me in and ensured I had a yoga mat, water, and towels which I had since my dad had educated me on what to bring. Upon stepping in to the room, I was hit in the face with the smell of sweat but became acclimated to it quite quickly. I set my mat and towels on the floor and proceeded to follow the instructions of Patrizia. She was both encouraging and demanding. She knew it was my first time so she made sure to direct me and give a little extra instruction. I felt like I was going to vomit, I felt like I might pass out but I got through the 90 minutes!! The 2nd time I went, I felt much better than the 1st.One month later and I am a huge fan! I like going to the 5:30a class. It's not as crowded and it just feels so good to start the day sweating it out! Go for the $40 one month unlimited trial and sweat it out!
5	I have been taking Pilates Reformer and Pilates Mat classes for a couple of years now and love it.  But I also love it for the instructor I go to. I was skeptical to try a new location and am SO glad I did!!! I went on a Saturday and the class was small (which I love because you get more adjustments from the instructor. I absolutely loved the flow and left feeling like a great full body workout. Reagan was a lot of fun and great instructor! She picked up on the variety of levels each of us were at and shared modifications for everyone including next level poses to challenge us. I live almost out in Boulder City but have no problem making the drive to her class. It is well worth it!!!
2	Only went here once, and that was enough. I even had a $45 groupon that I didn't redeem because I was disgusted with the facilities. If I'm paying approx $15/class I least expect there to be hot water and working drains. I couldn't stand the smell either. The carpet was disgusting. The smell was difficult to get past since it was a grey construction grade carpeting. The only reason I didn't give this studio one star was because some instructors I like have days they teach here. I know they can't help the poor facilities.
