5	AMIR, Y U NO EXIST IN NEW YORK CITY???I grew up going to Amir every Sunday... and whenever I go back to Montreal for XYZ reasons, I ALWAYS, ALWAYS stop at Amir.I have been ordering the same thing for years:Shish taouk pita (no tomatoes, no "navet") with garlic potatoes, a side of garlic sauce, and a soda. O.M.G. just thinking about it makes my mouth water! One thing is for sure: I will never ever ever ever ever order anything else. Shish taouk pita is just too good to pass up.
5	The Best Amir EVER. Point Final!I've been to many and this one has the tastiest food ever. Always fresh because it's super busy and a ton of choices!Must try and let me know what you think.
1	I recently had the misfortune of ordering lunch at this horrible establishment after my wife had finished her little shopping spree at the Bombay Company which is situated right next to this poor excuse for a restaurant.  The place looks like a converted Burger Chef (or some other take out/drive through establishment) and is staffed by employees who seemed, at best, disinterested.   The menu is more or less a series of numbered pictures of prepared plates and the brain dead patrons (myself obviously included) order by advising the counterperson of which numbered picture they desire.  Foolishly my wife, thinking like an American, requested some rather minor and reasonable variations to her order and asked for one item a la carte.  Well, the response we got from the counterperson was a look of both disdain and confusion.  I could not figure out if the counterperson was ignorant, unwilling to assist an English speaker, completely unable to deviate from the ridiculous pictures, and/or all of the foregoing.  As for the food it was mediocre at best.  I could live with the mediocre food, it was the "tooth-pulling" experience of ordering that was unacceptable.  Best to steer clear of this place and if you need a little "nosh" while in the vicinity of the Namur Metro Station try Dunn's Delicatessen next door and give Amir a wide berth.
4	Amir is a chain of Lebanese restaurants, but each one is franchised so they are all a bit different. I would actually rate this place a 3.5/5 but I rounded up for the sake of making good when they made a mistake in delivering (this is one of few times it's happened over the last, oh I don't know...15 years or so).My family has ordered her regularly for a long time, and I'm not sure if it's been the same owners the whole time, but the food is pretty good for "fast-food" style shawarma, shish taouk, and even a bit more upscale items like shrimp skewers. They have a number of vegetarian items, so if you don't eat meat you'll be able to have a meal here no problem. They have a large seating area with space outside in the warmer months, and like I mentioned before, they do delivery.We had a little get together chez nous tonight and ordered in some platters of mini items a few days in advance. When the order arrived we realized that they had forgot to send an extra order of hummus and one of garlic sauce (which is super garlicky, not a good idea on a first date). So we called them back, and they didn't even bat an eyelash, they sent the sauce right over with a huge bag of pita bread. It might not seem like a big deal, but that was a nice touch. I didn't realize no one else had reviewed this location since it's so popular and right across the street from a metro station, but maybe next time I'll remember to take pics?
2	Good food, terrible customer service.  For me customer service plays a huge role in every dining experience.  So the attitude of the employees throws me off.
1	Usually hit up the Amir in NDG, but decided to hit up this Amir as I was in the neighborhood and I was disappointed. Ordered the shish taouk platter, with rice - hardly any chicken on my plate, garlic sauce was very acidic and tasted terrible, rice was made with cinnamon (a lot of it) and it was terrible! Would not go back to this location I'll stick to the one in NDG
