1	Worse Dairy Queen EVER. Priced Higher than most DQs and horrible customer service. They NEVER get your order right then argue with you if you try to sort it out. The ice cream and hard shell dip is watered down and way overpriced
1	Slowest Dairy Queen EVER!!!! Seriously all I ordered was a regular sized orange julius and was in line for 25 mins! And this happens every time! They need to stop letting 16 -year-olds run their store! Now that Baskin-Robbins closed down, sadly this is the only place to get ice cream in this town.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. The slowest fast food place I've ever been to. It seems like no one knows what they're doing but complaining about orders and that they need a break. I don't know why I came back.
1	Worst Dairy Queen. They didn't know what butter pecan ice cream was. They also refused to sell a blizzard in a waffle cone like they advertise on TV. Long wait at the drive thru.
1	Worst DQ ever.  Grill was down and could not make hot food.  Ordered two blizzards  and took forever  to make.  Old and dirty.....needs to be shutdown.  Cannot wait until Freddy's comes out here.
1	This has to be the only Dairy Queen I have ever been to that is out of bananas more often than not. I mean seriously isn't Dairy Queen supposed to be the home of the banana split. I would recommend the kids on the corner selling lemonaide before I would this place.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE. One, it's not a real store, you sit in the convenience store. I ordered a chili cheese dog and they brought it with zero napkins and the walk from the kitchen to my table is extremely short and somehow my chili ended up almost over, really? I asked the cashier if they had ice tea (they serve drinks, not a fountain) and the cashier had to go ask. And they brought our 3 drinks to the table one at a time, without straws. Seriously. Worst DQ ever!
1	Horrible service. The guy behind the counter spent the entire time talking to his coworker, didn't make eye contact and seemed bored. Waste of time.
1	Worse Dairy Queen Ever. So gross i recommend everyone not to eat here! always dirty. the bathrooms there are just gross. all the employees are rude and always on the phone. my Brother in law got food poisoning here. never stepping foot into this place again. AND RECOMMEND YOU DON'T EITHER
