5	Pro: Awesome hospital. I am not sure about the service, but as a visitor, the waterfalls were wonderful. This hospital was one of the best designed hospitals I have ever seen. Very beautiful. Con: Cafeteria. Maybe, because it was Sunday.
1	Girl I worked with had a son who needed numerous operations. Every time they went to St. Mary's, the hospital had to borrow equipment from Meriter. Finally, she just switched insurance so they could go to Meriter. That was 20 years ago. Two years ago my father in law was rushed to the ER. It turned out he had A plastic anemia. They again had to borrow equipment from Meriter. It was unbelievable! The whole experience was so bad that all six family members decided we would never to to St. Mary's if possible. I do like my Gastro Intestinal doctor, Dr. Hamilton, but I would avoid the hospital whenever possible. I've had surgeries there, and my last I was astounded by how filthy the room was where I was first taken. The nurse also had me walk in my encapsulated shoes into the operating room. I guess they never heard of MRSA or other germs. Meriter is the only hospital in town where I feel safe.
1	Parking is a ripoff and all signs in the building are posted poorly.  Going from the parking lot to a level on the Atrium elevators is a complete maze.  Information staff lacks customer service skills by texting from their personal phones instead of greeting customers.  When I approached the desk with a question, one woman walked away without acknowledging me and the other took her time on a phone call.
5	In the summer of 2012, I was admitted to St. Mary's with a severe case of Lyme Disease, that led to total heart block. The physicians knew about LD (many don't), treated this aggressively and promptly, and I was out in ten days, with no signs of LD since.The physicians, nurses, and financial department were top-notch. They even wrote off the remainder of my bill that my insurance didn't cover, due to me taking a low salary for a non-profit organization.I can't say enough good things about St. Mary's. They turned a tough experience into a very positive couple of weeks in my life.
5	Unfortunately, I fell down and hit my head on the ice over the weekend.  After slurring my words, and feeling light headed I was pretty convinced I had a concussion. So, I drove to St Marys Emergency room. I figured I would be waiting a long time since it wasn't much of an emergency. But they got me in and out in less than 30 minutes. Nice Job!
5	I recently gave birth at St Marys. I had a wonderful stay there. Great nurses and doctors. Wonderful dining staff that you could call whenever you were hungry. The birth suites and the mother/baby suites were beautiful and very clean and comfortable. They are very sibling friendly and didnt care that my 3 year old stayed overnight. I would be happy to give birth there again.
5	I stopped here last week to visit someone in the hospital.  Though I was not there for myself I still found myself impressed by the facility.  It seems to be pretty new as everything looked very modern; outside and inside alike.  On the walk in, I noticed that there was a nice garden that looked to be a good place to sit should you find yourself there longer than anticipated.  As mentioned the place was huge so naturally I asked for directions from staff; I got very clear and concise directions.My friend had a great view of a lake and a much larger flat screen than I have in my house.  They also seemed to have a very nice menu; I didn't order from it but my friend seemed to be impressed.Though my wish is never to find myself in the hospital, if I were to find myself in one, I would not mind it being in this lovely facility.
5	From the moment we walked in the door we felt welcomed.  The setting is comfortable, the people were so nice and you never felt like you had to wander to find where you needed to go.  Fantastic!
