4	Friends and I lunched at Le Grand Comptoir, a pleasant bistro in Phillips Square. The owner greeted us, seating us at a table by the window. Their menu is typical French but their cooking is anything but. To start, we shared a plate of escargot with artichokes (C$7.95), deliciously finished in a creamy sauce, and an order of the pate du jour (C$5.95). My pork cutlet was seasoned just right, was quite good, coming with a side of fries. I decided against wine[1].Service at Le Grand Comptoir was great, and it's easy to recommend them for a satisfying French repast.[1]I had imbibed copious drink the night before, so a glass of apple juice kept me company instead.
4	This was the second time I've been Le Grand Comptoir (the  first being 2 years ago) and the food and service was as good as I remember it.This night I started with the escargot with artichokes with a cream sauce which were ok. I was actually expecting the escargot to still be in the shell which they were not so I couldn't help but think that they came from a can.  They did have a good flavor and were not rubbery so I was still happy.The meal was accompanied by the soup du jour which was potato and leek which was really tasty.I accompanied this with the house white as per recommended by the friendly waiter and it was a great combination.For my main course I had the sirloin steak (medium rare) in a beajolaix (sp?) sauce which came with fries and a sald.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were excellent.I had the house red as per recommended and again it went perfectly.The servers were extremely attentive and awesome.  Definitely try it!!
4	I was searching for French food that doesn't cost more than my entire wardrobe. I'm so glad I found Le Grand Comptoir on yelp! It's exactly how the entire 2 reviewers described it. It's not intimidating, the prices are reasonable, the waiters are friendly, the portions are substantial. I ordered the pork tenderloin and it's soooo tender!!! It came with a creamy mustard sauce. Mmm mmm! I ate every morsel on my plate, the fries, the salad, the pork! It's a good thing Montreal is a walkable city because I can't stop eating the amazing food!
4	To echo the other reviews, Le Grand Comptoir offers quality French cuisine in a friendly setting, all at a very reasonable price.One thing I have to add is that I would highly recommend the desserts. Their white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake is one of the best I have ever had. We also tried a flaky pastry dessert, covered in chocolate and served with ice cream, and it was simply divine. Highly recommended.
4	Had a late Saturday night dinner here with a friend for my birthday. It's nice to have a relatively inexpensive French restaurant close to where I live when I know that Bonaparte in Vieux Montreal will cost you quite a bit more! Mon ami et moi both had the Entrecote (steak) Bordelaise served with a side of frites (fries), cooked veggies, and salad. It was very good. Service was attentive, sometimes a little too attentive. Since we arrived somewhat close to closing time, we felt somewhat rushed by our server. He kept coming to the table asking if we were ready to order and also near the end of the meal to ask if we were done. Granted, I had placed my napkin on my plate not realizing that that apparently signals that one has finished eating. In any case, this is a great little place and I will be back, probably with my folks who had wanted to eat here with me, but it was closed.
3	Look, I'm not a french food expert by any stretch. The fries aren't different from fast food and you pay a lot by-the-bite. But I do have to give Le Grand Comptoir some props.For starters - the staff is friendly and willing to work with non-locals. (In old-school eating style they have a big pin-map on the wall to show where different customers have come from.) They handled our stumbling in with a smile, poured the wine, and gladly took our orders. If you need an entry-level french food experience (ie: low on the french, and a few baby steps into the eating), this is a good place to start. Some soup, some meat, some frites, some wine - enough to orient you in the right direction but not the full-blast of a more expensive restaurant over in the Old Port.The downside is obviously quantity. I gather bistro food is meant to be quicker and lighter, and for our money was definitely that. (Ordering the sausage, for example, means one sausage.) It's not really a black mark - soup, wine, and entrees are a great way to eat but not feel heavier on the way out - but you'll definitely wonder a little bit after getting hit with the sticker shock. All told, our food was chosen, served, devoured and paid for in hardly more than an hour! Three people should expect to make it out alive under a hundred dollars, depending on how much you order. (Foie Gras will obviously boost the number.)To me, Le Grand Comptoir is a starter restaurant. Perfect for a light meal in the area or as an introduction to more daring locales. It should expose you to the tastes, experience, and the cost of eating en francais. I'm not sure I'd go back, but I don't regret the experience either.
4	Food is excellent! Service was really efficient!! Terrace is very pretty!  Had a really great night!
3	Simple food, very good service. The escargot appetizer was very good. The terrace is nice an big. It's not too far from la Place des Festivals and it is a solid alternative to the more expensive restaurants like Brasserie T. The steaks are of very good quality and perfectly cooked. The wine list is decent, but limited, correctly priced. Good value for the money!
4	Classic French bistro. Solid menu. A cheap way to travel to Paris.
4	Found Le Grand Comptoir through Yelp. I walked far far distances to dine here because of the reviews. hahaWe ordered a half pitcher of sangria, the braised steak and the poutine. It was my first time having poutine duing this year's visit to Montreal so I was super excited.With the meals, we got some sort of soup along with sliced baguette and butter. When our entree came, it looked great. The poutine however, was not as I remembered it from last year. The fries were thin, there was gravy but then just shredded Swiss cheese. I thought.....Hmm maybe it's just because its a different restaurant that I went to.  It was a big portion, so I couldn't finish it.Service was wonderful. It was this lady who was very attentive and always had a smile on her face.A tip I received: Later that evening, I went to a bar and the bartender told me to never go to a French joint for poutine and to get it some place else. So hint hint, go someplace else if you want the cheese curds with thick slices of potatoes.
4	A good place to have affordable French cuisine. There is nothing fancy about this restaurant, food is good but nothing special.
4	Good food, reasonable price, and good service. would go back there again, next time when I am in Montreal.
4	I stopped in here recently and was pleasantly surprised.  This place didn't have quite as good reviews as the places I typically choose, but we chose to go here based on its convenient location between hotels.  It was a very simple place but the service was friendly and the food was good so I can't complain.  I ordered the duck and it was cooked perfectly.  Other than the duck itself the meal was kind of boring.  It came with a salad and fries similar to what you would receive at a deli.  The wine menu is cheaper than most of the others in the area and the selection is still very good.Overall I'm giving it 4 stars for its great location, decent prices, and good food.  I wouldn't call this a hidden gem but I would happily return if I were in the area.
4	I do not have too much to say. But after finishing the piece of steak, I really would like to have another one. Enjoy your food here!! It is not looking so well but taste so great. Meat here are all so great!
3	Solid three stars for both service and food! Neither is too shabby, but it's still midrange. Decent selection of drinks as well. The portion sizes are actually really great, however, fries and salad are a bit 'over-featured' while the 'main parts' (protein) are small. The soup is pretty nice. The environment is that of an older cafe, and frequented by an older crowd, but it beats many other Montreal establishments (in that their fries are crisp (not soggy) and crunchy).
3	Great deck overlooking the square. The food is pretty good. The mustard pork tenderloin was highly recommended, but I can't rave about the smoked salmon salad. Should have gone with the Salade Nicoise instead.
3	The service was nice but the quality of the food was just OK. The duck and pork were dry and the salad wasn't anything special. The pate and soup were good.
2	It was alright. But for the prices they have, I had expected something a little better. Tomato cream soup was good! The steak is so-so. Overall impression: not too bad but could be better.
2	We were staying at a hotel down the street and planned to have our first French dinner at this place.  We arrived about an hour before the posted closing time and upon arrival we were told they were closed.  We walked around the neighborhood looking for somewhere else and on the way back, saw new people being served, seated in the window, who hadn't been there before.
