3	Had a funky experience here but the manager made good.  Nice breakfast, nice rooms, great staff.  Tuesday-Thursday they have a great dinner option for free.  Rates are really reasonable.  Consistent like most Marriotts.  Located close to the medical center so you have a lot of temporary residents living there waiting for transplants, etc.  Everyone seems very friendly.
3	The hotel itself is fine.. the room could have been cleaner (found someone's deodorant in one of the drawers in the bathroom) but no biggie.The part I didn't like about it is that you have swipe your card to get in and out of the parking lot (hard for someone like me with short arms) and that you take one set of elevators to the "lobby" and then another set of elevators to your room.  It makes you really really not want to forget anything in your room on the way out.the staff is nice and the price is good though
2	The room itself was not bad and the prices are pretty good. Unfortunatly the maid service has a lot of room for improvement.  We had dirty towels in our bathroom and the general cleaning of said room was poor at best!
2	As much of a fan I am of Marriott properties, this one is a disappointment.  Management was great.  Breakfast was passable.  But the unforgivable discrepancy was in the bathroom.  Dirty towel hanging behind the door.  A used washcloth on top of the shower curtain, plainly visible to the naked eye.  Unacceptable.  I'd expect this at a by-the-hour trucker motel next to a Walmart.  Not at an urban Residence Inn and worst of all, at any Marriott property.
3	The hotel needs some revitalization.  Even the lobby and eatery chairs look really worn.  It was livable for a weekend.We took our son to CMU for a admission visit.  We had to drive through slums to get there.   It is not located in a great area.   If you are a woman traveling by yourself, I would not recommend staying there.   The Shady Side area is in a much better kind of neighborhood.
4	I have to travel to Pittsburgh several times a year, and I always stay at this Residence Inn. Yes, it's a bit old and outdated compared to other Marriott properties I've stayed in, but it's very clean and perfectly fine for a long weekend. The staff is awesome -- I've never had a bad experience with anyone, and they are always willing to help in any way you need, whether it be something hotel-related (i.e. asking for extra towels, etc.) or needing directions to local attractions. The rooms are a good size and feature a nice kitchenette. Anytime I've stayed here, the bathrooms were clean as well. The only thing I really don't care for is their "business center", which is one extremely slow, 90s-era computer and a printer. There is free wi-fi too, but it's slow.The location is not bad. It's obviously close to UPMC, and it's not far at all from the University of Pittsburgh or any Oakland attractions. It's very easy to get to the rest of the city by car -- I haven't found that anything worth seeing is more than a 15 or 20 minute drive. I will definitely continue to stay here.
3	Hotel is okay, but not great. 1. You enter the hotel on a main floor with a security guard then ride the elevator up to registration. It's not the warmest or most welcoming feeling.2. The main guests are those receiving treatment at the University of Pittsburgh hospital, so much of the hotel caters to the hospital staff or patients. Many hospital staff park in the hotel lot and ride a UPMC shuttle to the hospital, and I honestly am not a fan of non-hotel traffic at any hotel. Also, even though I made a reservation on the shuttle I missed it because I was a minute late and the hospital patients where on a tight schedule.The shuttle runs every 45 minutes, so I had to call a cab and that was annoying. I was late, but had someone previously told me the patients were dependent on it as well I would have understood the need for a super prompt schedule. 3. The hotel is an older property in a neighborhood with very little immediately available. You have to either ride the hotel shuttle or drive. But all the drives are short. The one thing this hotel did well was have very nice staff. The only hiccup came when the night attendant scheduled a cab for me, but the cabby misunderstood the pickup times. Everything was also very clean and in order while I stayed there.Again this hotel is OK, but not my favorite Residence Inn.
3	Staff was very friendly each and every day were there. Made us feel a lot at home. The rooms were okay. The beds were a little stiff. The breakfast area seemed to run out quickly and didn't keep up with demand, however, was there when we needed, finally. Getting in and out of the hotel was rather odd, but overall, a good location for what we needed and the friendly staff made up for what was lacking otherwise.
4	This is a great dog friendly hotel in PIttsburgh. In regards to pets, I was a little nervous here as there is a series of two elevators to get to every room. Everything ended up working out just fine, but I ended up avoiding walking my dogs past the lobby during breakfast.I made a reservation using those pesky category 1-4 vouchers that Marriot gives when you spend a certain number of nights at the hotels. They made a reservation for a 1BR. When I got to the hotel, they had no 1BR available, only studio. The hotel staff was EXCELLENT and put me in a 2br until the 1br was able to open up. Major props to the staff and the great dog friendly policy.
1	Horrible hotel. Don't stay here unless you absolutely have to. This is what I get for letting other people book my hotel reservation. The minute we walked into the room I was hit with an overwhelming smell of Indian food. It was awful.The rooms all come with a microwave, stove and a fridge. And clearly the person who stayed in the room before us cooked something that smelled like shit. When we addressed this with the front desk they said they would come up and spray a deodorizer, which mixed with the other smell and made the room just disgusting. In other news, the sheets are stiff, the air conditioning does not work, you need a key to open the window, and the breakfast tastes worse than dog food. If I ever go to Pittsburgh again, I am staying far away from this place.
4	Almost perfect. Four and a half stars really. I was there for a college visit with my daughter, and we stayed in a one bedroom suite with a sofabed (which she reports was about average for a sofabed comfort-wise). The price was moderate for a nice hotel near the university, though higher than I usually pay for hotels. There was a small, very functional kitchen which we used mostly for morning coffee and heating leftovers, but could have worked for making basic meals. The shower had good water pressure and a nice adjustable showerhead. Free Wifi worked well except for one day, but the phone has a direct line to tech support which fixed my problem. When we booked, the room description said "no view" but our window had a great view of north Oakland, Bloomfield, East Liberty, Shadyside, bits of Lawrenceville and points further north and east. Maybe they meant no view of downtown or the rivers.Outside of our room, the pool was clean and comfortable, a little small but within the range of normal hotel pool sizes. The hot tub worked well. Exercise room had a couple of treadmills and ellipticals, a bike, a LifeFitness combination machine and a set of free weights. Could get monotonous if you're there for a couple of weeks, but fine for a long weekend. Breakfast was fantastic-a great selection from sweet carbs to fruit to eggs, potatoes and sausage, refilled all during breakfast hours, served in a room by the front desk, with the opportunity to eat on the terrace when the weather is good. Free shuttles took me to and from the places that were a little too far to walk but much of Oakland was a 10-15 minute walk away. For a day trip out of town we rented a car- there is an Enterprise, an Avis and a Budget all within a short walk. I didn't use the parking garage, which costs $15 per night.  Finally, everyone at the front desk was incredibly helpful and courteous. Now for the only bad news- The walls do transmit a lot of noise. We wound up with some neighbors who fought the first couple of nights of our stay and were enthusiastically um... making up during the next two nights.  So if you like things really quiet, or conversely if you don't want your neighbors asking you to keep it down every time company comes over, this might not be your favorite hotel. And as a previous reviewer noted, the climate control looks like it's from the 50s and has no temperature setting. We stayed in February, and our room was really warm without any heat on at all (heat rose from the lower floors.) We had to open a window to cool down a couple of times, and the windows are a bit difficult to open and close.However, those were fairly minor drawbacks for us. Overall, the experience was fantastic and we will definitely be staying there again.
5	Whenever I am in Pittsburgh, I stay at this hotel. I've been to all the hotels near the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University, and this is my first preference. ProsThe staff is nice and friendly. The rooms have full sized refrigerators and small kitchens.  The indoor pool has a nice skylights, I've been in the pool and watched the snow come down.ConsI didn't think twice about the decore until I stayed at one of the recently created Residence Inns. Now I agree that the color scheme is a little old, but he furniture is still nice and friendly.
2	The rooms do look a little tired but they are passable and clean. The main problem with it is that it is SO NOISY. You hear everything in the rooms next to and above you. Screaming children, people walking around upstairs at all hours. Very difficult to sleep even tho' I bought a box fan and had it on the whole time I was in the room. Staff is very nice. I can't comment on the food because I did not eat any of it.
3	Pros: Nice staff. Shower has great water pressure. Dining table with four chairs. Decently fast internet (3.6 Mbps down, 3.7 Mbps up).Cons: Rough part of town - dimly lit streets with overgrown and broken sidewalks. $15/day parking. Dated appliances. Inadequate lighting in bath/shower area. GPS (Waze) has trouble finding this property for some reason.
5	Spent first night here and room was very hot with even hotter air blowing from a/c. Opened windows only to find you need maint to close the window. Maid never cleaned the room the first day. I give it 5 stars because Samantha, the manager and Dan, the general manager were incredibly hospitable, more than any staff we've encountered. I travel over 1/2 the month and stay in countless hotel rooms. Samantha apologized immediately, comped our stay and Dan took me from room to room until we were satisfied. He then rectified the a/c problem for the entire hotel. Our daughter lives here and we will continue to stay at this hotel in the future. Thank you Marriott, especially Samantha!!:)
4	Nice hotel with ensuite rooms.  Everything was clean and staff was nice.  Didnt have breakfast cuz we got hammered the night before and missed it.  Pool was cool looking but i left my speedo in Cleveland.  Only thing I didnt dig here (and seemingly everywhere we went in Pitt) was that it was REDICULOUSLY hot and dry.  Windows only open an inch and that was barely enough to get fresh air and cool down.  Walls are kinda thin so if ya have a weird scene going on in your room, tell the clown to keep it down and make sure the sheep doesnt wake the holy rollers on a Jesus retreat in the room next door!!  Bahhhhhh
4	We spend 2 nights at the Omni. It was perfect. Special thanks to Amy from the travel desk for helping us with car rental and providing us with all relevant information. She saved us a lot of time! Great service! Excellent hotel.
