5	Thanks to the awesome review from my yelp buddy Nelson Q, I decided to bookmark this place and make it a point to stop here the next time the boyfriend and I are in town.After figuring out where it was from where we were staying we put it off until the next day we would be in the general area. This place is not close to the Strip its a little past DTLV, but in my opinion, it's totally worth the drive to get some cheap yummy Mexican treats. The place is located in a small kind of run down business/shopping center. Do not let it scare you, it is safe as for what you find inside will totally be worth it! Walking in the first thing, I see is a couple of bags left of my precious snack that I have been longing for, Duroa de Harina with lime and chili salt (or in English wheat pinwheels ).They also have helado (Mexican ice cream) that is made fresh in house; some of the flavors that I saw there were:Fresa-StrawberryGuayaba-GuavaMangoPina-PineappleLimeBubble Gumand a bunch more that I could not see because not only is this place super small, but after 5:00pm on a weekday, this is the place to be after a hard day at work or school!If you do order ice cream they offer a free topping as well, which is great! They have a nice selection of agua frescas (Horchata, Tamarind and Melon). If you are not wanting desert right away then they also have tacos and burritos too, which the boyfriend and I decided that we will have to try the next time we are in town!They also have Smoothies, Tostilocos (one of my favorites) an assortment of Mexican candy as well!Prices are amazing for a single scoop of ice cream and my bag of Duroa de Harina it came to under $8.00. Note: If you are not certain on how a flavor will taste you can try a sample of it. Everyone working there was very nice and helpful. The parking lot can be a bit of a zoo; we parked toward the end where there were a couple of extra spaces.
4	What We Had: Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, Coffee Ice Cream, Mexican Birthday Cake Ice Cream, Pina Colada Ice Cream, Coco Agua Fresca (Fresh Coconut Water), Mamey (Winter Fruit) Agua Fresca.The Good: All the ice creams were creamy and delicious. For me personally, the mint ice cream was a revelation because it's VERY HARD to find actual creamy mint ice cream that doesn't have a TON of chocolate chips in it like that crap you get everywhere else and in the grocery store. The agua frescas were AMAZING. I taste tested the coco (coconut) and mamey flavored agua frescas (fresh waters). Both were great but I could only get 1 so I got a LARGE coco agua fresca for myself. Everything was cheap here, around $1-$5The bad: This is just a super cramped ice cream shack. No tables or chairs. Besides my family of 4, there were only 5 other people there and it was so cramped we had to shuffle around just to be able to move. The way they have the food places AROUND the register makes things hard to choose and pay for and is cause for more shuffling around. I would have given them 5 stars if only they had a larger place. Take-Out is the ONLY option here.
5	What's up, this place is legit!  Paletas and aguas frescas...just give me some french fries and I'd be in heaven. The paletas are super fresh here.  You can buy frozen paletas at the store but these are so creamy (if you get the creamy based rather than fruit based) and flavorful.  My favorite is pistachio.  There's actually diced pistachios in the paleta.  They also have some really crazy flavors like avocado.  The mango con chile paleta is REALLY spicy.  My husband, who gets his food "Thai spicy," was sweating.   I've only had the agua de melon (cantaloupe) but it literally tasted like I was drinking a cantaloupe out of a straw. The place is very small, and there's a line out the door depending on when you go, but it moves quickly.  And as someone else pointed out, this is to go only.  You eat in your car or stand outside.
5	Read Sarah A's review for all the details and specifics. Basically I'm gonna make this a Cliff Note review.Chapter 1 - The BuildupAbout 15 minute drive from the Strip.Chapter 2 - The ClimaxDelicious Mexican ice cream, desserts, drinks, and various munchies. Large selection of flavors. I ordered Guava ice cream and it was fruity-scrumptious!Chapter 3 - The Wind DownCheap and friendly staffThe End
5	If the variety of different ice creams, sorbets, popsicles, and agua fresca does not get you to fall in love right away, then the genuine kindness of the employees will do it. Two of us walked in here and both had the deer in headlights look on our face. With so many options our eyes were going everywhere and then figuring out the flavors only intensified our confusion. Luckily for us, someone jumped in and guided us through all the flavors. He ended up giving us samples of multiple flavors. The rose water was my standout. That was until I tried the pine nut. My sister got the peach yogurt and it tasted just like the Yoplait flavor. At this point, I had already forgotten about them not having rice. As we continued to talk to the guy, he was telling us that they will soon be serving boba. I can see no wrong with  adding some of these pearls to a milkshakes, made with any flavor of their ice creams, or agua fresca. At $2 for a single scoop and $1 more for each additional, this is a cheap treat. Plus they are not stingy either. A scoop each was more than enough.
4	I had a basketball game east of the strip and needed something cool and sweet to tide me over after eating at Oyster Bar and found this Mexican Dessert Shop. They've got all sort of unique flavors of ice cream, popsicles, and drinks.I got the Guava ice cream, which was a bit more grainy in texture than i would want in ice cream, and a tamarind popsicle which was good, but just too much to eat at one time for myself. At least its all cheap so i don't feel so bad not finishing them both.
5	La Flor de Michoacan is an excellent place to stop by and try authentic Mexican helados, paletas and aguas frescas. All of the flavors of the ice cream and popsicles are super delicious and taste just like they would at a Michoacana in Mexico. Tha aguas frescas are really tasty too, very refreshing. I am particularly a fan of the pineapple and strawberry ones. The owners, Antonio and his family, are super friendly, and will give you a taste of anything you would like to try. They regularly supply my work place with custom-ordered goodies. When I was in I asked if they had chamoy, a sauce that comes from pickeld fruit that sounds super weird but is so delicious. Antonio informed me they don't because it is an acquired taste, however he'd be more than willing to make a batch of paletas for me. Awesome! I just need to get more people on board, otherwise I would end up eating fifty popsicles all by myself!
4	After our Yelp taco crawl we head to our fourth and  final destination for dessert. I have been trying to come here ever since I found out about it when I went on a rampage to find quality homemade ice creams. Firstly, the staff here is very nice and don't be afraid to ask to try something! The names are mostly in Spanish so don't feel shy about wanting descriptions as well. I know that's a fear for many when it comes to out of the way, authentic places that you'll be a deer caught in headlights with no help navigating the exotic. Fear not here! The BF and I squared in on the aguas frescas area first since there were less people over there first. He grabbed a rompope, which is this creamy pink drink that taste like watermelon and apples. I grabbed a non creamy drink, half alfalfa and half pina. I'm big on juicing and just that touch of a green vegetal taste with pineapple was a big hit for me. I feel like I've had this before somewhere, but cannot place when in my life have I had alfalfa drink. I guess what's important is I know where to get it now.I was not about to leave without ice cream so I grabbed three scoops. The ice cream here is lovely, light yet very creamy and served almost soft serve consistency. is caramelized milk which is a bit more subtle than usual caramel ice cream, just the right amount of that burnt brown sugary taste. Chongos means "curds" and this was a creamy ice cream with bits of cheese in it. Filipinos also make cheese ice cream so I loved it since it reminds me of my childhood. Rosas is rose ice cream which was phenomenal. The BF wanted to take all mine and wished he just ordered scoops of that. I'm a huge fan of Persian style ice cream with their flower flavors and this bombs on all of them. I love the addition of slices of actual flower in it. LOVE. The BF got a cherry ice cream as he has been all about cherries everything lately. I wish I could have justified a paleta as well or I saw some people getting these strawberry parfaits that look amazing! Alas, I only had one stomach that was already full of tacos.  I wanted to explore and try more things but since we packed the store I just kinda picked things quickly to get the line moving. Will be back absolutely to try more things!(Yelp 100 Challenge 45/100)
4	This tiny spot is full of flavor!  The owner and staff took care of a large group that came at once.  At the entrance, a young boy practiced his violin as we ascended into the space, tasting aguafrescas, sorbet, and ice cream.  I tasted several flavors and enjoyed the Pine Nut the best, but opted for a paleta (popsicle).  I got a combo of cucumber-mango-pineapple and chile.  The whole thing was red with the fruit cut up inside, but it was not spicy at all (for me, but probably had a teeny bit of heat) so feel free to try it if you like chile!Eric R. got chongos ice cream (cheese) and peach yogurt.  The yogurt was really delicious.  The toppings are free and unlimited, which is awesome.  There are more flavors in the back that were not in the case (I got to try Kiwi sorbet which was not out but there was a sign for it).I tasted the barley and coconut aguafrescas and they were both delicious, but I could only handle my popsicle this time.  I definitely want to return to try more unusually flavored treats!
4	I've only been here a couple of times. I was looking for a place that sold Chamangos and couldn't find one until a friend led me to this location.It's very small and wait time can be long on the weekends but it is so worth is.The staff could work on being friendlier, that's why I am taking off one star. They have a great variety of homemade ice creams, the price is just right as well! It's a bit of a drive for me but it doesn't disappoint!
5	We arrived around 7 pm on a weeknight and the line was out the door.   After eating Thai food, we were craving for something sweet nearby.  OMG, this has to be the best ice cream I've tasted in a long time.  I had a scoop of coconut and pistachio and it was so amazing that I didn't share it with my kids.  They each got their own scoop.  The paletas looked delicious too but we were stuffed.   I thought the staff was super friendly.  While waiting in line, the locals were awesome and chatted to us about the variety of drinks this place has to offer.
4	I've read the reviews, seen the pics, and bookmarked this place for ages. Suddenly one day, I realized that my friend and I were in the area. I practically dragged him over here and into the shop.This place has a constant line! Which is a good thing, as it indicates a quality product! Language was a slight barrier, but we got our orders in - a cup of the guava  and pina colada ice creams. The guava was sweetly tart, while the pina colada mildly sweet and very creamy. It also had coconut shavings and real pineapple in it! Very impressed.I wanted to look at the other offerings (paletas, aquas frescas) but I was rushed over to the cashier and out the door. Guess I'll save that for next time!
5	Affordable prices and a top quality, motley selection of Mexican ice cream.  You came here for the ice cream, but there's actually something even better: the custom aguas frescas (think horchata) are unholy.  They have an array of homemade aguas frescas with unique flavors such as mamey.  Be sure to give those a shot while you're there.
4	Elote ice cream. That's corn flavored ice cream. I'm in love. It takes me back to Thailand where I had my first taste of corn ice dream and have yet to come across it again here in the US. The ice cream here did not disappoint. Creamy, rich and a nice flavor.There are a ton of novel flavors to try and they let you sample as many as you'd like. Zapote negro was a flavor I had to google as it was a fruit I was unfamiliar with. The shop is tiny and a bit dingy but serves it's purpose. The clientele is authentically Hispanic. Great find for a unique treat.
1	Walked in.. Waited ten minutes. We didn't get acknowledged. No hello, no Hola. Someone walked in after us, and got there ice cream first. We walked out.. Empty handed and sad.   And it was very hot in there, some of ice cream was even melting.
5	Simply fell in love when I was fortunate enough to finally try this amazing ice cream. Great variety of flavors. Reminds me my childhood while visiting family in Mexico. Ice cream, yogurt, fresh fruit juices and fruits salads. So many other delicious snacks you will find. A must on the east side of town. If you come a bit late in the evening be prepared to wait. Trust me, it is worth it.
1	After finally convincing my alter ego aka gf to make an helada pit stop. We left daze and confuzed.. and a little bitterly hot. We stared at their plethora of flavors available. I had a concoction in mind, we were just waiting for 'Hi. What can we get for you?'. Ten minutes later, I being the person that thinks customer service has to be number #1 for any hope of a successful business, we left after being ignored. This is not a very big shop. There is about an 8x8 box that the customers are held captive to, so there wasn't a lot of places for us to 'hide'. Would we come back again? No, fortunately there is lots of places that would be happy to take my money in exchange for exceptional customer service and quality product.I would give it NO STARS if YELP would let me.They did have a lot of choices, which was why I was excited to be there when we were there. WHOMP WHOMP.
4	What a cool semi-hidden sort of gem.  This little shop has a lot packed into it and a lot going for it.  There are agua frescas, sorbets, ice creams, pastries, etc.  I was a little overwhelmed at all the choices.  I didn't even know what most of it was though it all looked good.  They tell me I am welcome to try samples.  But being as busy as it was with all of us Yelpers still going from Taco Trek minus the tacos now and being near closing time, I went with what I know.  Pistachio ice cream.  I ordered a double.  What a stupid mistake that was.  I'm not big on ice cream but it looked so damn good.  A double really was more than I needed.  I felt stuffed after finishing that bowl.  Of course part of that could have been the four tacos earlier in the evening too.  Whatever.  I got the ice cream.  It was good and I did not want to toss it.  So down it went.
5	Bomb A$$ ice cream!
5	Loved the fresh coconut bars!! Every bite had chunks of fresh coconut. Very unique flavors to try!
5	This place is awesome!! Love the fresas con crema with a scoop of their homemade ice cream on top!! My kids love it. Highly recommend it.
3	This place is great if you love antojitos Mexicanos  this is the place for you the ice cream is delicious my only pet peeve and why I gave three stars is that they only had two people working and there was a line out the door service just took a really long time
4	Amazing place. Delicious food, ice cream, and fruit flavored waters. My number one go to ice cream place
4	I love this place. It reminds me of LA. They make their own ice creams, they have fruit cups, and different desserts.The staff is nice, their ice cream is AMAZING, and it's really affordable.The nice girls give a pretty big serving for the single scoop.The shop is pretty small and when I went the AC wasn't working too well and I was breaking a sweat.I recommend the mango ice cream or sorbet. It was so good. SOO SOO good. You can see the mango fibers in the ice cream you can tell they use REAL mangos that are perfectly ripe.I would definitely recommend this place to others. It's an awesome place to cool down in the Vegas heat. I think they had a taco truck outside last time I went also. Pretty cool.
2	Service sucks!! There was at least five people in the back and the lady who was taking orders was only catering to one couple. Uhm hello, it's hot in your store and I don't feel like waiting 10 minutes to get my order when there were clearly other people that could've helped us. I didn't order anything because I was at the point where I wanted to just leave when they started taking our order. HUBBZ got a large "fresca" and son got double scoop of vanilla with toppings, $6.75
5	I'm glad I found this place!  Came here looking for elotes (Mexican corn) and discovered their amazing ice cream. I had the rose petal ice cream, and the alfalfa,  "agua fresca". This place reminds me of Mexico!
