1	Unfortunately, CMC Funding bought my mortgage.  Late November 2013 I received a letter saying my escrow account was short by $501.  One of my options was to pay the shortage and increase my monthly payment.  I pay all my bills online through my bank, so I paid the $501 shortage on December 11th.  Starting January 2014, I increased my payments to the amount specified in the letter. On the February statement, everything was screwed up!!!  I called and found out they applied the $501 as a mortgage payment and then did not apply the January payment at all so a late fee was generated.  I THOUGHT I got everything straightened out with this first phone call.March 25th, while I was on VACATION, I started receiving a lot of calls from CMC.  I finally picked up suspecting that everything was again screwed up on their end.  Their complaint was that my mortgage payment was too low.  I went through the whole fiasco with the CS rep explaining what had happened, and that I indeed was paying the correct amount after paying the escrow shortage.  Since I needed to be at home to find the letter to confirm that I was making the correct payment, this process took 2 days and a few phone calls on my behalf.  In the end, CS rep again told me everything was straightened out.  I requested a followup call to make sure this was true.   I never received a call, and as I later found out on April 25th, the call that they made was dropped....so of course nobody called me back!!!April 25th - I look at my statement and see that there are now 2 late fees!!!  REALLY?   I review my online bill pay service to make sure there were no late payments (there weren't!)  So AGAIN, I call customer service to find out what else has been screwed up.  Turns out, since they didn't apply the January or February payments that they RECEIVED FROM ME ON TIME, they decided to charge ME a late fee.  LOVELY!!!Each time I called CMC Funding, I asked to speak with a supervisor in hopes that they would be able to sort out their screw-up.  ALL 3 TIMES I WAS GIVEN THE EXCUSE THAT A SUPERVISOR WAS NOT AVAILABLE.  On April 25th (today), I again requested a call back, so we will see if that happens or not.  I asked the CS rep "What agency would I complain to if this doesn't get resolved?"  She proceeded to give me their complaint resolution which only involved sending something in writing.  I clarified that I wanted the name and number of the outside agency that regulates them b/c if it was not straightened out by the time I see my next statement I would be filing a complaint.A great example of giving CUSTOMER UN-SERVICE!!!  It's unbelievable that I paid the escrow shortage ON TIME, and made the new payment ON TIME, and 4 months out, things are STILL SCREWED UP ON THEIR END!!!!   You wouldn't think mortgage / loan servicing would be rocket science would you???  ***BIG HUGE SIGH***
1	I am completely frustrated with this company!  My mortgage was bought/transferred to them back in June and I transferred my Bill Pay service over to them.  When the date for my Bill Pay payment passed with no action on my account, I called their customer service department to find out what the problem was.  They immediately claimed that a payment was never sent to them (I have previously verified the payment with my bank) and would refuse to ask their cashier department to research the payment.  After several calls trying to get this resolved and two talks with their "leadership team" members I was able to get them to admit the payment was made on the date I said it was.  But that was not until after I had to send them a month's worth of my personal bank account transactions to include balances.  I think it's probably illegal for them to demand this type of personal information to resolve an error they made, but I felt I had no choice.  Since then, they have incorrectly processed each of my additional mortgage payments.  They have processed my payments as principal only payments and not payments to my next due mortgage payment.  Again, their customer service department is of no help and guess what?  No supervisors are ever available to talk to a customer!Bottom line, I think this company is out of control and probably not operating within the limits of the law.UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE  UPDATE UPDATE  UPDATEWithin an hour of posting this review I did receive a call from one of Cunningham and Company's managers.  He promised to resolve these issues immediately and provided his direct contact information should I have continuing issues.  I am very pleased that someone within the company I reading these reviews and responding to them.  That's pretty cool!  And thank you Tammy for responding to my review as well.  That's service!
