3	A very nice selection of fish and accessories.Open late.The staff is very friendly & helpful and it is usually busy with people.You may have seen this place on Criss Angel Mindfreak in an episode where he made a chick appear out of nowhere in an aquarium. Amazing!It's worth Stopping  in to check it out.!!
2	We were in Vegas for vacation and decided to check out this Aquarium store before we left. They had a few nice looking fish, but after seeing all the amazing sea-life at Caesar's and Mandalay Bay, it was not sensational. The salt-water fish seemed to be more interesting than the fresh water. The coolest thing about this store was their variety of sea anemones. They also had a large selection of new fish tanks.
4	The tropical fish market in Vegas is horrible. Not a bad selection and great staff. Picked up two gold compressiceps for my brothers tank. I thought the prices were high in my town but  Vegas is almost double, probably because there is not much competition. Closed on Sundays!
5	I've been in and out of this store since I was in middle school.  It's a great shop that has a knowledgable staff and a good selection of fish.  Equipment and accessories are a little over priced, but I go there for the fish.  They have both a saltwater and a freshwater selection, and new fish arrive every Thursday.  I've purchases a dwarf lionfish, snowflake eel, lots of live rock, some tetras, and other random fish that were/are in healthy condition.  I occasionally go by to pick up some ghost shrimp for my fish to munch on (5 for $1).  Even for a browse, it's fun to visit.  Sometimes they have barracudas, seahorses, stingrays, etc.
4	Due to the fact that Las Vegas is a desert and the tropical fish scene is just not what it would be in LA or Boston we only have 3 or 4 fish shops that are not the big box stores. (shipping fish to the desert kills everyone)With that said the team at Trop does their best to find some cool gems to fill their tanks. They have a modest SW selection and also stock some FW oddballs.The prices are fair but you may need to do some haggling to get the best prices. The staff is knowledgeable and always eager to help.They have a fair buy-back program and will special order just about anything you'd like. They always have a full feeder tank as well.I would give them 5 stars but there is not a fish shop in LV that could meet that mark unfortunately. If you have tanks a weekly stop into Trop is not a bad idea. Also on Tuesdays its 2 for one day on all fish under $10.Give it a look.
1	WORST FISH STORE IN VEGAS!!!!The CUSTOMER SERVICE is TERRIBLE.The fresh water SELECTION IS POOR, but the salt water selection is worse.Their tanks are overstocked, dirty, and most tanks have MULTIPLE DEAD FISH floating around.I went in recently to give them thirty, 4 month old swordtail fry that where about 3/4 of an inch long, and thought they might give me enough store credit to buy some fish food. After waiting for 15 minutes for the female employees to stop flirting with other customers, they said the store policy is that if the fish are not 1 inch long they don't give store credit.... Really? What about fish that their max length is 1 inch or less? I wasn't mad that they wouldn't give the $5 fish food free, just mad at the way they treat customers. I wanted my fry to go to a good new home, but after seeing the terrible conditions of the tank they were put in I'm guessing half will be dead before that can happen. In conclusion I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO TROP-AQUARIUM IN MY LIFE!!! BLUE REEF AQUATICS will except fry and have pleasant customer service, however they are in North Vegas, a 45 minute drive from Henderson.REPTILES & REEFS- WITH OUT A DOUBT THE BEST FISH STORE IN HENDERSON/VEGAS for one reason EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Knowledgeable friendly staff that genuinely want to help. The store is small but has an excellent selection of coral and salt water fish (no fresh fish). Also if there is a particular fish you want that they don't have they will find it for you. They personally drive to California once a week and pick out each individual fish that enters their store, thus all of their fish are healthy with amazing colors. The reptile selection is of equal quality. Strongly recommend you check them out.
4	So far, so good...I just moved to The Valley 4 months ago and was looking to get a couple of large tank setups. As is common knowledge, Las Vegas does not have an abundance of quality aquarium/tropical fish stores and I'm not really crazy about buying tanks and stands thru the large mall/corporate stores like Petco, etc.What can I say? A little far to drive from my home in Centennial Hills, but a family owned business for more than 20 years. SCREAMING deals on tanks and stands...they BEAT everyone else in town hands down on price...and like most stores, they dont play the game of selling you the tank at a great price only to make you pay 3X as much for a cabinet stand. They sell custom order stands and cabinets made LOCALLY and sold unfinished for REALLY fair price! I bought an 84 gallon long tank with glass top for $99...and a custom stand for $75! If you dont mind staining and clear coating the stand yourself...(mine will be stained to match my stairwell bannisters) you can save BIG $ and get EXACTLY what you want.Very friendly and helpful staff...seemingly good selection of fish and fair prices. The only reason I didnt give 5 stars is that I want to wait until my tanks and stands arrive and I complete their setup. After that, I'll be back to updaye my review based on my COMPLETED shopping experience with them.GOOD store, friendly people...the BEST prices on tanks and cabinet stands.
4	Trop Aquarium has always be good to me.  Friendly staff and a good selection of salt water fish.  Prices are reasonable compared others in town.  They have a small but nice reef selection.  they have ordered the hard to find fish for me, and didn't rape me on the price.
3	This is one of two aquarium stores that I frequent, and to be honest, I frequent it more because it's close, than because it's good. (I have salt water fish, so my experience, and thus my review, are based solely on their salt water selection, not their fresh water)On the plus side, they always have an above average selection of fish.Many of the smaller stores will fall back on stocking ONLY small, less-expensive fish, that are either safe choices because they will definitely sell, or safe choices because they are hardy enough to last until they do. Trop actually goes out on a limb, and regularly stocks some really amazing specimens, which is somewhat rare in the industry, because it's a gamble for a store to buy livestock in the $100+ range, and run the risk of having the fish die before they sell it. It shows that they have a confidence in their aquatic system, and the knowledge to be able to responsibly sustain life.On the downside, there are only a couple of people that work there that have ACTUAL knowledge. So when you ask a question, sometimes you will get an honest answer from a knowledgeable, responsible adult. Other times, you will get a younger person, who instead of admitting that they don't know, they will make something up. I hate that, and I have tested that theory many times in this store, as I myself have a pretty good knowledge of the hobby, so I'll often throw out test questions to gauge their integrity. Also, they'll sell you anything you want to buy, without asking compatibility questions,  and without telling you (or possibly without knowing) that something is wrong with a fish. You can ask, "Is this fish eating?", and the answer will always be yes, but I have found that it is smarter to ask if they'll toss some food in, so that I can gauge for myself.The only other drawback, is that this store is very expensive, where the same products and livestock at the other store I frequent (review to come) are MUCH more reasonable, but I weigh that against the 25min drive, and this store usually wins out as a matter of convenience.So in short, this can be a great place to buy salt water fish, but do your own homework, and observe and assess the fish yourself (perhaps over a week or 10 days) rather than taking their word for it.
3	I will say this place is a little over rated but it is pretty cool. I have a deep love for aquatic animals and have been searching for a place that can cater to what I use to be able to frequent from my home town in CA, Trop Aquarium comes close to the types of stores back in the Bay Area but I'm not impressed with there pricing and service. They have a good selection of fish from Salt Water to fresh (as far as Vegas Stores goes) and there store layout although could be better is unique in its own way. I would like to see it have more room in between isle ways as it becomes hard to get a good look around when there are more than 4 people in the same area. But I'm not going to mark them down on this as for the size of the place it works just fine! What I'm really  not impressed by is there pricing. I have a lot of experience in buying aquatic animals and  for the past 10 years I have seen high and low and well regular priced fish. Trop- Aquarium is on the extreme high side. After walking around there store and checking everything out from the top tanks to the bottom tanks I could not believe my eyes on how much they are charging for fish. Some of them are double if not triple what Petco charge (not that I'm a fan of Petco fish) but that's pretty ridiculous if you ask me!So aside there over priced fish and decor I was thinking maybe they charge extra because they hire the best employees. HAHAHA yeah I was wrong. I was there for over 20 min before I was even greeted or even acknowledged that I was in there store. Let me clarify that there were about 6 people there that were shopping and about 4 employees. Give or take and 3 of them hung out behind the counter and the other was helping someone. I couldn't tell if the other 6 people in the store were just hanging out or working or shopping. Anyway the service sucked they don't know how to look up from there Iphone and say hi how can I help you or stop there discussion about each of there plans for the weekend. Maybe I just came in at the wrong time!!!!  Trop-Aquarium has so far had the best selection in Vegas and even at that it could be so much better. I will stay with 3 stars since this is so far the best Vegas has had to offer for aquatic hobbyist.
3	Very large selection of both salt and fresh water fish, but overall store appearance is poor. As others have already stated lots of dead fish and the tanks are dirty. Staff was very nice, but I would not buy any animals from these guys.
1	Trop-Aquarium has a wonderful selection of fish and they are very reasonably priced BUT good luck getting an employee in this store to even acknowledge you exist much less help you purchase some fish.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!
4	Not normally on this side of town, but was in the area for a Yelp event so made it a point to get down here. I would like to visit all the local fish stores to see what they have. They're worth checking out I think. The tanks are clean, colorful and the animals are healthy and didn't find dead ones. While their aisles are a bit narrow, I still think this is one of the most attractive stores we've been to. They have saltwater fish and some I've not seen elsewhere like baby shark eggs (trippy its breathing in the sac! see the pic!) but a wider selection of freshwater. The only thing I was sad about was their betta cups are the smallest I've seen, barely enough space to turn, boo. I just expect more out of independent stores treatment of a often abused fish species. They carry some tanks here, nice selection and have some high end ones. This is probably the better store in terms of decoration items. They have a lot of various rock and such. I was hoping to find more driftwood as I love wooded tanks, but this is the first place I've seen with a rock by weight area, and a large selection of lava rock quarrys. They had a small selection of plants which were in their own separate tanks which is a huge plus. A lot of places don't have enough plants. The staff was pretty friendly and immediately asked if they can help us out. I was able to find algae wafers here for my shrimp tank and biomax which I was not finding at chain stores. Overall, I think this is a solid local fish store and will probably make the trek across town to get some stuff for a community planted tank.
5	Great place! The staff is really knowledgable, and willing to help. Clean tanks, great selection. The staff is really friendly and great with kids too! Be sure to check out Free Fish Tuesday (bogo)!
4	I've been going to Trop Aquarium, as Dan H said, since I was in middle school in the mid 80's. I've always found the store to be clean and the staff to be friendly.  Yes, sometimes their prices can be on the high side - but having worked part time in a pet store in high school and still being friends with the owners even today, it's not easy for independent stores to compete with the big box stores.  So if you want to enjoy the variety and difference a good independent store like Trop-Aquarium can provide over the cookie-cutter offerings from the big box stores you should be willing to pay a bit more.  The fact that they have managed to survive as long as they have indicates they are doing something right.
4	I like this store. They are knowledgable and friendly.
4	Great place and reasonable prices! Very friendly owner and had good advice. Wish they had a store on the east coast or even ship some stuff. Would definitely go back again!
1	If you read my reviews in the past, I'm always writing a very positive and honest review.  Please don't be fooled when you walk in their store.  You will never have anyone come up to you to greet and to help you!  It's because, yes, they have what appears to be cool fish, but if you inquire, they'll sell you an illegal fish, too!  If I was able to give a zero star rating, I feel that would be a too generous of a rating for Trop-aquarium.  So let me expand on the facts I've experienced with this company.  First off Trop-Aquarium is the company that installed my 500 gallon fresh water tank which is built in a double sided wall.  The reason why we chose them was because they were less expensive than all the other quotes we received.  But in this case you really get what you pay for and less.  The reason for obtaining such a large fresh water tank was because I love large fish like big parrot fish and mainly an Arrowana.  We had 35 very large fish in the tank that we paid handsomely to Trop- Aquarium.  One Friday at noon 6 of our large fish died so because Trop- Aquarium maintained our tank, I texted, called and left a message immediately!  No response for a whole 3 days.  By now I'm frantically calling them because all 30 of my expensive fish had died.  Finally they pick up the phone and asked if I had over fed the fish, giggling and that they'll come in a day or two.  However meanwhile I, an unexperienced aquarium maintainer, was told that I need to remove all 30 dead corpses and to buy an airline with air rocks, 2 large buckets, tube everything properly, catch the remainder live fish, place them in the properly tubed buckets all at 12:36 am midnight.  They also offered if I don't know how to just leave the tank with only the dead fish removed, but I was sure all the live fish would've died by the time they came.  When they finally came days after, they realized that they had not glued down the returns.  So all the fish brutally suffocated before dieing.  The Trop-Aquarium technician cleaned the tank, drilled random visible holes in the Clear Vision tank to stick the airline pipe attached to the air rock that I had both purchased.  They verbally admitted to the installation error!  They then replaced our dead fish with 5 fish which were the size of a silver dollar.  Soon after their billing called us and said we owed them over $1000 for the work they did to fix the installation problem they created!  I contacted other aquarium builders and when they saw the tank, all six companies stated and agreed that no one ever would build a tank with no overflow mini tank and returns at the bottom.  Trop-Aquarium did this so that they would be the exclusive company to convert the tank, maintain it and also this way, they'd make a larger profit!  So, in conclusion, if you have limitless amount of money to burn,  want the cheapest specimen of fish in your fish tank, never want to get a timely response, and over all get scammed in the long run, Trop-Aquarium would be perfect for you!!!  Time is the true revealer of how a people are and how companies truly operate.  During my rough 5 year relationship with Trop- Aquarium, I come to realization that making $$$MONEY$$$ is their only priority and having a honest customer oriented business is NOT!!!!!  I WOULD NEVER WISH THIS EXPERIENCE UPON ANYONE ELSE!  You may have to pay a little more initially with another company, but in the long run over all, you will exceed a great amount of money you ever envisioned with Trop-Aquarium.
5	I LOVE this place. I won't go anywhere else for my aquarium needs. The staff is soooo friendly and helpful!  Don't forget BOGO $7.98 Tuesdays. Ask for Daniel he is very knowledgable and friendly even though they were close to closing. We will be back soon...
1	I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED!  I was advised by no less than 5 people NOT to shop at Trop-aquarium.  I have learned my lesson, and will NEVER return.I have a new 65 gal tank, which was professionally installed in my wall.  They had no fish to sell, but advised me to shop for fish ANYWHERE BUT Trop-aquarium.  When the tank was ready, lured by the BOGO deal,  I ended up shopping for fish at Trop-A. TWICE. On my first visit, customer service was worse than poor.   I attributed it to them being busy (about 6-8 customers).  I bought 6 small f/w fish and left.   I must be a glutton for punishment, because I went back 2 weeks later.On my second visit, I bought 8 fish on the BOGO offer.  One Groumie (at $5.98) was very sick, and did nothing but lay on the bottom of the tank hidden under a brain-coral.  I took it back.The 'lady' assisting me had all the finesse of a rabid dog.  After testing my water (which had been done the day before) she reluctantly told me that she would give me $2.98 credit.  I said I just wanted to replace the fish I had returned with the same kind.  She said that they didn't have any more of them - so my ONLY option was to get something different - and PAY the difference.   I told her that I felt like I should get a fish of EQUAL VALUE to the sick one that I had returned.  She refused, and told me that I could take the $2.98 she had offered, or nothing at all.  Her attitude was incredibly snotty, and I opted for NOTHING, rather than deal with her.  Pissed-off, I told her where she could put both the sick fish and her puny $2.98 credit.  I left the store, after vowing to write this review, and never return as a customer.What a FOOLISH way to run a business!  They lost a customer who will spend about $250 - 300 in the next few months.  The woman 'helping' me (who appeared to be the manager) knew that I was going to return to buy a $120 light hood, and lots of the supplies that a new tank owner normally needs.  She lost nearly ONE HUNDRED TIMES in store business, over the $3.00 additional credit I was due.  Additionally, I will warn as many as possible NOT to shop at Trop-aquarium.I hope that future customers will be smarter than I was, and heed the warning to NOT SHOP AT TROP-AQUARIUM.
