4	I frequent this dry cleaner because it is the closest one to my house. The staff is nice and they appear to complete work on site. They get the job done quick and my clothes are often ready before I can find time to pick them up. If you drop your clothes off early enough in the morning, they will be ready by 5 pm on the next business day. Prices vary depending on what you bring in but it's usually around 2 to 3 bucks per item. You're supposed to pre-pay (pre-pay discount) but I think you can also opt to pay when you pick up, although it'll be more expensive.
4	I came across Big Apple Cleaners after searching on Yelp. I needed an affordable and convenient place for dry cleaning after a recent move and Al Phillips is just not worth the price they charge. Same day service is $1.00 extra per item, but still much less than AP. The staff was friendly and my items were ready when promised and looked fantastic. I will definitely return.
5	My first time actually getting something dry cleaned in years. But it makes much more sense this way... I don't have to hand wash all of my delicate clothes.I love how close they are located to our house so dropping off and picking up is convenient. There were some great reviews and so we decided to give it a shot. They offer one day service as well as the option to pay before or after you pick it up. We have done both with no issues. They are always quick getting us in and have the clothes ready fast for pick up. There prices are reasonable I have never had any problems regarding damages and things. We will continue to frequent this location because it's convenient, fast and reliable.
2	First experience: Dropped off 8 shirts and 3 pairs of pants last Friday morning for dry cleaning with medium starch. Picked up clothes Monday after work and upon examination of shirts (looking for burn marks) the top button fell off - unknown cause as shirt is fairly new. I checked my pants and the main button on one pair was broken in half. No other matters noted. The staff seemed friendly but I'm going to try someone else.
5	Hell! I'm giving the 5 Stars! They were courteous and my clothes came out perfect! And they are more than half the price of that fancy place.
1	Went to drop off 3 pea coats to be cleaned and was instantly the lady that was there tells me she can't clean them because one coat had a small amount of hair on the arm. She claimed it was on there and wouldn't come off.  I took it out to my car and ran a lint roller over it and low and behold it came right off. I just think she was too busy watching whatever show that was on to be bothered. Just save yourself some time and go over to Al Phillips Cleaner next to Albertson's.
