5	I don't even know where to begin with this review..I have nothing but good things to say about this place. Dr.Goldman's a saint!! I've taken my dog teddy here many times and he's always patient and gives his honest opinions and never tries to add unnecessary things to get more money out of the visit. Everytime I call and have a question his staff nancy and Jill will stay on the phone and talk to me to give me advice. What other vet does that?!They will cut you right off and try and get you in there! Today dr.goldman performed a surgery on teddy and me being the concerned parent I am, I was a little worried but Dr.Goldman took great care of him as always. And when I went to pick teddy up he came out running and chasing a cat throughout the clinic like he hadnt  even had a surgery. So grateful for this place and not to mention the prices here are like half of what other places charge. Sometimes more. Seriously!! It's obvious Dr.Goldman & his staff truly care about animals and a place like this is rare & hard to find..so glad I've found it!!
5	This is the best Vet in town!!!  The doctor is so knowledgeable and actually looks and touches your dog for diagnosis.  The staff is incredible.  I will not take my pets any where else ever!  The pricing is very very fair.  An extra plus, is the staff is funny and caring.  Great experience during a very difficult time.  Alma
5	Highly recommend anyone to go here!:) the staff is really nice and Dr.Goldman is a very good doctor and he's honest,prices are also reasonable. He saved my dog did surgery on her and I'm so thankful for his work!
5	My beautiful Persian cat, Charlotte, who I love with all my heart,  would have died in January 2014 if I had not found Dr Goldman!!!I absolutely could NOT afford the ungodly fees other vets were trying to charge me for office visits, labs and tests etc they said they needed to do on my cat to diagnose her .....then I found Civic Center!! I have to admit that my heart sank when I saw the office, which is .....well, lets just say it's "out of date," and I almost didnt give the Civic Center a chance, but the staff were so kind and really went above and beyond when I called them to discuss my cats issues; plus, I just didnt have the money to go anywhere else.As it turned out, I feel like the luckiest person alive to have found this vet and his staff!!!Dr Goldman accurately diagnosed my cat with pyometra, and quickly performed the surgery for a price I could actually afford!!!!!My cat healed very well, and was soon the happy, healthy kitty I had always known and loved before she suddenly got so sick!!I want to tell everyone who reads this that Dr Goldman and his caring, knowledgeable, friendly staff are ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! This vet is a Godsend: a precious 1 in a million place with staff that truly care, and perform excellent, professional work!!I was just petting Charlotte and remembered Ive never written a review for Civic Center...Friends, this place is THE ONLY VET IN VEGAS I WILL EVER EVER EVER TAKE MY PETS TO!!!Thank you from the bottom of my heart Civic Center, you rule!!!!!!
