1	Am I missing something?  All I know is I wish I was the genius who came up with the idea to charge $30 for a plain white t-shirt.  A plain white t-shirt I can get at Wal-Mart for $3.I just don't get it.
3	I know I sound like one of those old people but "I remember when these shirts were half these prices".  But I still just like plain colored clothes with no words or crap on them so I still buy stuff here.
5	Aaaah yes, American Apparel... for some of you this place is a complete mystery.  You are utterly amazed as to why people would buy such "boring" and "plain" clothing...I'm here to help.  Let me clear up some questions:Question 1:  Why the hell is there an AA in Vegas?Because Hipsters are everywhere...even Vegas. Question 2: What the hell are Hipsters? Rich, counter-culture, pseudo-intellectual elitists. Their main interests are irony, drugs and sneering at the mainstream.  Here, watch the video and it should answer all your questions...  after this, all your questions about American Apparel should be cleared up.  You're welcome.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAO4EVMlpwM]Having said all that, their tees are all I ever wear.
4	Hello color blocking!!! I love coming in here to see all the garments lined up neatly homogeneous and sterile.  Made in America cotton makes me happy.  Die Polyester---a slow horrible death!
1	love this store and shop there on a regular basis, but this past sunday when i went in, the store was vacant, and if you know boca park, you know it is always crowded with people dining and shopping. I walked in, and the normal pop or punk rock music that plays, was replaced by the most offensive hard core underground rap I have heard in a long time. The lyrics recited over and over Ni**a mother****r again and again and again. I told the pimply face girl behind the counter that it was really offensive, and she just looked at me and looked back down at her paperwork. Her job is to provide "good: customer service, not disregard the blatant obvious. So i will still shop there, and I will also notify corporate. Im sure if she would have changed it, then i could have kept shopping, but everyone  I was with even said they wanted to leave the music was so bad, and we all work at the monster-size nightclubs on the strip, so it takes some really offensive song to actually bother us. when there are people shopping and kids outside playin gwith their parents, no store should have a song playing that says ni*ga this ni*ga motherf***er. hire some new people american apparel!!!
3	Most of what I find in American Apparel is quite unappealing to me. It doesn't speak to my style. I do not in any way shape or form consider myself a hipster, so walking into AA is a bit off-putting.What I do like: clean, bright, and they sell some items of interest at the counter. Such as Dr. Bonner's Castille soap! Interesting since I do enjoy Dr. Bonner's. However, I did not even bother to ask the price for a bar since I am sure it is some inflated, crazy price I would never pay. I came here for a "dress up" event and actually ended up finding exactly what I was looking for: socks with ruffles. Yes, just like in the days of your infancy and toddlering days. I needed these, I found them, I left.Overall this location is convenient since there are so many other stores around it to shop at. Also, American Apparel, is, well, American. Made in the USA. I like that. A lot. I just wish they made clothes I wanted to wear.
4	Finally found one near to my house! Always super cute basic and unique pieces. Sometimes it can get a little too wired for me but most of the time I really like it. It's also a bit pricy, but usually worth it. Also so me of the basic pieces can be found in a lot of stores for way cheaper! But the unique pieces are still really cool!
