2	OK, this place has only been open a week. However, if it wants to be known as a "steakhouse," it will be competing with Mastro's, Fleming's, Grill 44 and Ruth's Chris among others. Measured alongside these restaurants, Black & Bleu's management has a lot of work to do.The menu is a little bit of this and that. It creates the impression that this eatery has an identity crisis. Most steakhouses will bring out a basket of warm bread or rolls. At Black & Bleu, we had to ask for bread THREE times. In the end, we were brought two slices of toasted white sandwich bread more suitable for toast points than anything else -- and with NO butter. All this in a "steakhouse" charging $44 for a 14 oz ribeye and $42 for lamb chops.The wine list is relatively small and mediocre, There are a number of cabernets and pinot noirs but only one merlot. On the bright side, the barmaids are easy on the eyes and the broiler station knows their stuff. Our flatiron steak and NY Strip came out exactly as we ordered. That said, the Lobster Bisque was scorched and the grilled asparagus was limp. In the restaurant world, it's inexcusable to serve your patrons burned soup.Service was needlessly slow. The waitstaff does not know the menu. Example: they constantly referred to "crabcakes" when, in fact, the dish was a single crabcake. The entire waitstaff needs to be trained in the basics. Yes, Virginia, diners should be served from the right and plates removed from the left. The waitstaff has yet to master this basic tenet of service. See: www.chefalbrich.com/etiquette/ In sum, the menu needs to be rethought and the staff trained in proper service. Until that time, competing as a "steakhouse" in a market that has so many first-class steakhouses will doom Black & Bleu.
1	Business dinner was disappointing. Steak was cooked perfect if you like cold steak ........served warm to cold. Flavor was good but was not hot like my favorite steak house serves. Menu is busy, hard to read and they need to focus on what they do well which is undetermined at this point. No fancy bread before, during our meal. Priced high for the product, location and service. Mixologist makes a good and different selection of drinks. I would return for the drinks. Staff needs training how to serve. I had to fight to keep my salad plate as staff kept trying to take it without asking. I would return for the pumpkin desert and cheesecake desert. Maybe they should be a drinks and desert restaurant? Love the other restaurants run by this owner so what happened here?
4	Had a great dinner at Black & Bleu last night! Used to come to this place when it was Renegade and just love the atmosphere, specially in the bar! The King Salmon and Halibut was excellent. Their signature Bleu Burger delicious. The cob salad had a great taste even though I found a couple of bones in it...Very nice and friendly service, but yes, the service need to improve (that's why a 4 star) but I figure it is a start up issue. This is a great addition to the restaurants in the area and we will definitely be back!
2	Well, we live in the area and looking forward to the re-opening of this restaurant after our daughter and son-in-law said it was good but very expensive.Went tonight and the food was good - not great happy hour prices. My husband will only drink Beefeater Martinis. The drink was excellent but was $13! Lower shelf gin and straight up with no vermouth is $13. We can get it cheaper at upscale restaurants like the Sanctuary!The service was spotty. We had to engage 2 different bartenders for service. They are portraying themselves as an upscale restaurant yet the surrounding restaurants in same shopping center have much better service.Wouldn't rush back
1	I really wanted to love this restaurant. A steakhouse in this area is desperately needed. Advertised as a moderately priced upscale steakhouse, this restaurant is instead desperately in need of a concept/identity. We visited this restaurant at 7:45 on Saturday. The restaurant was almost most empty. RED FLAG, especially since the owner's other restaurants in the same plaza (which we love!) were crazy busy. The restaurant decor is gorgeous but it definitely does not have the more intimate, classy "steakhouse" atmosphere we were hoping for/anticipated. Instead, it felt much more like an overly decorated sports bar complete with flat screens, football games and loud music which seemed to echo across the expanse of space. Upon arrival, the hostess tried (unsuccessfully) to seat us at a high top table in the bar. I guess she just assumed we were there just for drinks?? After being seated in the overly large open dining room, I asked to see a specialty drink menu. They don't have one. "The drink menu is still being worked on". Big miss as liquor is where a restaurant makes its profits.Interestingly, there were only a couple people seated at the bar. The menu was also a surprise as it seemed more geared towards appetizers/salads, burgers, and sandwiches than steaks or other grilled dinner entrees. There were a few high priced steaks/grilled meats on the menu but they appeared as an afterthought. Seeing this, we decided that this restaurant was more of a "bar" than a place where we should consider dropping $33 for a filet dinner.So,very disappointed, we opted to go with the steak sandwich which ended up taking very long to come out of the kitchen despite the lack of guests. The sandwich was bland and disappointing. No taste, at all. Where is the seasoning or the "special sauce" to bring attention to your kitchen? I could have (and should have) made this sandwich at home as it was just a thin grilled piece of meat with a slab of cheese melted on it along with the normal LTM combo on an overly large, dry roll. The steak sandwich at Jersey Mike's is far better tasting than this sandwich for less $$. My husband ordered a side of "corn off the cob" and it had a vinegar taste??? As a side note-While waiting for our meal to arrive, another table was seated. While they ordered immediately, they appeared very agitated as they waited approx 45 min for their food to arrive. Our check for two drinks, soup, and two steak sandwiches came in at a hefty $74. So much for "moderately priced". To survive, Black & Blue has a lot of work to do. Most important, they need to decide if they want to be a bar or a steakhouse. Then, they need a better menu and a chef who can cook. I don't see this restaurant lasting long as it is operated today.
1	This restaurant was better then than it is now! During the so called "rocky opening," someone else referred to, management was on their game and the restaurant seemed very well-put-together, organized, and ready for business! That's most definitely a different story now! I don't know what happened with the management and just staff in general that was there in the beginning but it's all gone way down hill. Just like the other two restaurants in that complex, Stone & Vine, and Salt & Lime I think it's called, service is horrible and staff clearly has no direction from their leaders! Restaurant is in shambles and not to mention the fact that they've changed their menu countless times now - that tells me there's some serious work that needs to be done in back of the house as well! I don't think I'll be going back - already have been there three times now and clearly nothing seems to be getting better. In addition, I find that with management struggling to get this restaurant off the ground, maybe they should work on actually doing that and not standing around socializing and sitting at the bar - yes, management sitting at the bar. Only glim of hope: the 4 of us ate for around $100 and the food was decent. I wish them luck but overall, it generally is not worth the trip and definitely not worth the money!
1	had such high hopes as we really enjoy their surrounding restaurants in the same plaza.  Liked the decor, so we sat down to our booth when the waiting began.  Finally ordered cocktails, we like rocks, there was more ice in the glass than booze and then they were $9.50 each, basically a shots worth.  Ordered the sea bass, must not have been Chilean, paid $26 bucks for over cooked fish and you only get one side included which we ordered the asparagus which was burnt on the grill.  Come on $26 bucks for a palm sized piece of fish???  I wanted to really support this place but we will not be going back.  I'll stick to Stone and Vine.....
5	Went there again and this time sat in the bar. Love it! Me and a friend had salads that were excellent. Really good! The service was very friendly and prompt. This place is really on track! I can really recommend them!
5	We were hesitant to try this neighborhood gem after reading other reviews.  We are glad we took a chance - the service we received from Kristen was great and the food was very good.  We will definitely be returning.
5	Another great meal and service.  Tried new dishes as I'm usually a creature of habit.  Had the veggie burger. Very good.  Second time this week  i was here. I usually try to get here once a week. Ahi sliders are so good. Nick, who has waited on us before came over to make sure everything was ok, even though we were not his table. A very happy person right now!
5	Excellent addition to the north Scottsdale restaurant options. The food was great. We got the charcuterie, French Dip, salmon, and the kale salad. Each dish was excellent.Cody was our server, and was one of the most fun servers we have ever had. We will definitely be returning, and bringing others along with us. A++
3	Have eaten in the bar twice now.   Food is very good but service is spotty.  First time it was great so we came back. Second time on a Sunday night it was very weak. Definitely need some improvement in this area.
3	We just had dinner at B&B, the food was good and the people were friendly.   The only complaint we have is that the restaurant has a sewage smell that lingers.  They need to have a plumber come and fix it.   It really destroys the whole experience.
1	We are advocates of Stone and Vine, which we always enjoy, and have also tried Salt and Lime a couple of times and quite like it. Hence is why we thought we would finally give Balck and Bleu a try, even though we had heard nothing good about it to date. We like to give new places the beneifit of the doubt, that they are trying their best to make customers happy and would like for them to return. We started this evening at Stone and Vine to celebrate an early Christmas with friends, then 4 of us thought we would have a nightcap at the fireplace outside at Black and Bleu. We were surprised that a few days before Christmas, this place was empty as the other restaurants in the plaza were jammed. We ordered a lovely bottle of red, and so far so good. The waitress returned to see we needed a second bottle, but they only had one of the wine we were drinking ( she said that they only ever order two of these at a time?!). This is not a biggie, so we selected a different bottle and continued to chat.We were not quite finished, but close, when a gal we had not seen at all during the evening approached our table and VERY rudely said it was time to leave! She didn't even want to give us the time to finish what we had left! We are all very polite people, but were taken aback at her horridly rude and aggressive attitude, which came out of nowhere! We asked for the manager, and lo and behold she was it....really? Anytime we said anything, such as the waitress never mentioned the restaurant was close to closing when we ordered the second bottle, she jumped down our throats that we had no place in complaining and that WE were the ones giving her grief! REALLY!!!? I can't tell you how many people I will tell to not go there, and of course we will never return! Her name is Amy, and personally, I think Amy should not be in any position that deals with the public as her attitude is the rudest I have ever come across, and we are out app. 4 times a week, so that is saying a lot!Scottsdale has too many wonderful restaurants with wonderful people serving and managing them. Go elsewhere!
4	Had a very nice experience at Black and Bleu. Our waiter was friendly and personable. Our food was good quality.  I had the lamb chops which were very well prepared and my husband said his steak was excellent. We really enjoyed the ambiance in the main dining room, which I would describe as urban cowboy without loosing the level of sophistication one would hope for while going out for a nice meal.
3	To follow up on our recent experience at Black and Bleu, I need to state that Jen K., one of the owners of this restaurant has reached out to correct this situation that was created by Ami, who is no longer with Black and Bleu. She has been very proffesional and kind to attempt to repair the ill feelings we had towards the restaurant, due to the treatment we received from their former manager. For this I am grateful! Thank you Jen, you have restored my faith that your establishment does care how their customers are treated.( I needed to add stars as it wouldn't post w/o that, so chose 3 for no particular reason)
