4	This showroom can easily be passed by due to the fact that its right across from the Rock of Ages theater. Located a floor below all the shopping stores and gondola rides, this place is just past the main casino inside The Venetian Hotel and Casino.I have seen David Spade, Joan Rivers, and just recently Rita Rudner perform here. Human Nature, a motown group that is produced by motown legend himself Smoky Robinson, also performs here as well.This theater reminds me of the same theater that the Jabbawockeez perform at which is at The Luxor. Very similar except for a couple of things like stairs. The theater itself can probably seat about 400 people. The sound and lighting is pretty good based on the amount of seating capacity that is available. The seats are pretty comfortable and have cupholders for your drinks.Since I have been here several times you would think that there would be business listing already but no so here it is along with the first review. Im sure I will be back here for more future events.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #159
4	What a hidden gem there at the Venetian! I went to the Sands Showroom to see David Spade. I love that the theater was small enough to give it a very intimate and cozy feel- almost like you were at home. There were plenty of ushers to help you to your seat and they were good at monitoring the talkers and video takers during the show- busted! There was a bar in the lobby of the theater to get a little something before the show. The seats were comfy and spacious. There were monitors around the theater to help you get a better view of the performers.
4	I've been to a number of shows in this theatre from Wayne Brady to Chazz Palminteri to Joan Rivers.It's a fairly small size showroom with good views from wherever you sit.  Seats are generally comfortable although they're narrow seats and you elbow your neighbor sometimes.I was here on Saturday evening to see Joy Behar.  The room is perfect for the comedy series that's running there now.  My one concern would be for handicapped people should there be the need to evacuate the theatre quickly.  One person in a wheel chair or scooter at a time on a slow small lift would be problematic in an emergency.The staff has always been very friendly and helpful and I will be coming back for future shows that interest me.
4	Venue:  Sands ShowroomDecor: Small concert Like Venue, Excellent sound system & StageService: Nice, FriendlyEnvironment: Good for Concerts & Performances, Cozy!Food: N/A Prices:  Not too bad, not great but not extremely expensive Debbie Downers:  Excellent seating but some parts of the the venue has skewed viewing. Conclusion: The Sands is a clean venue.  It is a fun venue.  It seems like it would be great for comedy, musicals, concerts or any other acts as there really isn't too many bad seats except for corner view.  I'd expect nothing less from the showroom of the Venetian! Overall: B
