1	Now I have never gone in here for anything other that cigs, but they overcharge for those so I dont like them.They also had a poor selection of them (only for kinds I think) That and the biker theme is somewhat scary.
4	The Billet Bar is an awesome Scottsdale Biker bar. I will admit that I have become friends with one of the bartenders there, but I'm reviewing the scene, not her. As far as biker bars go, the Billet is by far one of the nicest and cleanest that I've been to. The music is a mixture of rock, country, and some hip hop thrown in. There are two bars in the club, one that is inside right when you walk in, and another in the back area. The bar is well decorated with lots of chrome, diamond plate and leather. I make this a regular stop whenever I'm in Old Town because it's just a fun, laid back environment. I hope you give it a try too.
2	i lived here now for five years and it looks like i still fell into a tourist trap, was attracted from the outside by a a lot of nice bikes, inside nothing special .........lots of room, not a bad property, just nothing unique aside from extra motorcycle parking, the menu is struggling due to the lack of a kitchen go there to drink beer and smoke cigs .......and of course show off your sunday cruiser
3	I am having a hard time with this review because I am not reviewing the atmosphere, the scene, whatever, but I had the BEST late night tacos there this last Wednesday after barhopping to two, three, four other bars prior to this one.  OK, so maybe it was the alcohol, but after bars five, six, and seven, we went back to Billet Bar for more tacos!  Unfortunately, they had stopped serving already.  Dang!
3	Great Biker Bar in Downtown Scottsdale. Nice outside seating in the winter so you can look at all the bikes parkes outside. Paul Yafee will stop buy and there are some great custom bikes to look at. Inside bar is nice with pool tabkes. Cold beer and good mixed drinks. Food is cooked at nearby restaurants and brought in and served. But it's very good usually. Local haunt for all things v twin. Bartenders are usually knock dead beautiful (women).
4	Those of you who know me can appreciate I like to live on the edge (insert sarcasm font).  So when Dottsy Z dared us ladies to join her at Billet, how could I say no.  I dressed in my biker duds of a black top and patent leather boots and dug out my smallest, most inconspicuous Coach bag and headed out.  My husband was clearly worried about this adventure as evidenced by the fact he had disappeared prior to my leaving, never bothering to call.Well it turned out we were a little short on ladies...and on bikers.  So in in full disclosure, I missed out on the full Billet experience.  But I did find a nice, laid back atmosphere, cheap drinks, and a friendly bartender.  Part of the bar is outside which would have been great had the weather been just a little warmer.  Although Billet does not have a kitchen, they've got menus from RA Sushi Bar and David's Hamburgers.  Not only will they place your order and have it delivered, they'll add the meal to your tab!  A pretty nice place overall!
4	This is a white collar biker bar (white collar =doctors, lawyers etc..) if you come here go to the back bar! You can smoke, there's 3 pool tables and flame style booths along with a great bartender!, this is a pretty laid back bar! They have burgers thursday to sunday untill 10pm then after that they order food in from RA and original david's hamburgers. The drinks were inexpensive and actually had alchohal in the drinks imange that.
3	I was trapped across the street at the God awful RnR bar. I was longing to be there instead. It looked like a fun friendly place from across the road and the few bikers that crossed the road to check out RnR were good guys. I just feel odd without  a bike going there.
5	This place is one of a kind. There is a huge outside patio that you can smoke on (and it is air conditioned) there are stripper poles to play and FREE POOL! The Billet Bar is laid back and there are beautiful, sassy ladies behind the bar. The bartenders are great they remember a face and always make me feel welcome.
1	Sadly, the Billet Bar is no more :o(
