5	I'm giving up a gem here folks.  But I dig this place so much, I had to share.  If you're a fan of the "dive bar", you've found a great one!Located on the SE corner of 16th Street and Bethany Home in the old strip mall behind Starbucks (that used to be El Pollo Asado, for you old timers), Swizzle is a find!After a few drinks, I bought a t-shirt from here that touts, "Swizzle Inn...Swagger Out".  Gotta love it.Your standard dive bar with a pool table, darts and a pot luck on Friday nights for happy hour.  The drinks are strong and cheap.  Shannon's a great bar tender!  No food at the Swizzle, but that's ok, they'll let you bring it in.  On a few occasions, we've had pizza delivered or brought in take out from other places.Ladies, you'll be impressed with the restroom.  It's clean and always has toilet paper, as well as a fully stocked vanity with mouthwash, hair spray, lotion, tampons, etc.  Not what you expect in the typical dive.The crowd is diverse from young professionals to bikers.  "Family" friendly too.  Everyone is welcome at the Swizzle.Cheers!
4	I like the Swizzle stick  as my Dad used to call it.  It's a local bar with no frills except pool table, bar, and friendly people...what more can u ask for?  I'm not a huge bar guy but this place is like Phoenix's Cheers...eventually everyone will know your name.    The sliding glass door with the little beach is what makes this place AWESOME!!!  After TexAz...Swizzle Inn to this Bar  (Wow that was bad!!) for some good times.
4	This place is great when you're looking for dives. I don't totally agree that it is the 'Cheer's' of Phoenix, but for the regulars they all know each other. I found that it's more of a place to go when you don't want to run into anyone you know. Smaller setting and hard to find if you're just driving by. I bought a cute tank-top there that says "Swizzle Inn, Swagger Out." It's hilarious, I love it!
4	Best women's bathroom ever. Plus, if you're looking for a place where you will be able to talk to the owner, order a great drink and feel absolutely, completely at home...this is the place. Diverse crowd, lots of interesting music on the jukebox (my friend chose Neil Diamond, Bob Marley, Fleetwood Mac and ABBA among other things the last time we came) and a really sweet midwestern vibe. Enjoy!
4	There's a freaking terrarium in the bar.  Ooookay.  I can dig that.I can also dig the eclectic juke box.  Willie to Rush to LFO.  Alright, I don't know if LFO is really on there, but I would't be surprised if they did.  I'd jam to "Summer Girls" given the chance ... follow it up with "Pancho and Lefty" and we're golden.And no one seemed to mind when I was drunkenly playing their PBA Bowling Arcade Game by rolling the trackball with my ass [hey, it got a cheap laugh].Cheap drinks to boot.  I'm surprised that I kinda forgot about this place.
5	Oh dear Swizz how I adore you. (already..!)You opened your arms to me widely and took me in and soaked my liver into oblivion. A warm (although ACed) comfortable dark womb-like oblivion.The bartendtresses know how to pour, like monsoons pour, you would think they are trying overflow the cups of bliss or put out a nearby imaginary fire that is threatening your invisible Lilliputian drinking friends and their mini-city that dwell on your cocktail napkin. ***(my vision is never clear enough, micro-capable enough, but I know they are there. I wonder if they live in a blacktopped hell of strip malls as well..? maybe that's why the 'lil folks need to be dowsed with anesthetic...?)The juke has Steely Dan's "Can't Buy a Thrill" on it.... Aces.No need for pest control...The flies 'round here are instant family... and sometimes buy rounds...Even shitty/shifty/grumpy Uncle Bill/Bob/Mike is an a-OK guy and your pseudo-Aunt Wilma would love to buy you a beverage... a very unhealthy and wonderfully euphoric beverage to be specific.and then I found the Wednesday night trivia hosted/created by the lovely Lindsey . FYI: This trivia is not  for drunk dumb folks.Answer her riddles first, reap the buzz post quiz, then make yourself happily unintelligent. Your wallet and prestige can benefit!Make sure to ask Sarah 'bout her California Brazilian Wax Makers Mark Experience. ***(please just do not feed her any of the devil's lifeblood! I hear it may be very dangerous! ;)***(actually don't ask her. I want to savor that storied story for my own personal humor-self-storage reserves.)Long ramble short...  Short swaggle swizz...Just like the door reads: "Swizzle in, Stagger Out".  Exactomundo.Just be damn careful (get a cab!).***I found this place due to the mucho-helpful Yelp.So thank you YELP and the Swizzle thanks you as well, just don't ask my wallet or liver to comment.Cheers!
4	To me, the Swizzle always feels like a Southern California beach bar.  Maybe it is the nautical theme, the bumper sticker collection or the year-round Christmas lights.  Either way, it makes me nostalgic for my visits to one of my best friends when he lived a little North of San Diego.  Drinks are cheap and strong, and they offer a nightly special.  Beer selection is pretty limited, but at least they have Fat Tire on draft.  Bartenders and customers alike are always friendly.  Trivia night has recently changed, I think it's on Wednesday but wouldn't swear to it.  They seem to do it potluck style, and if you are in the mood for a cheap meal and aren't afraid of crockpots, I suspect you could poach.  I do love the sliding door to nowhere/terrarium/glass dungeon mentioned in the other reviews.  Every bar should have a "what the hell" feature.
4	The Swizzle Inn is my new dive bar hang out. After years of driving by this place and being curious about it my husband and a couple of friends checked it out this past Saturday and  downed a few pitchers. Upon entering we were greeted by the friendly bartendar and I could tell this is the type of bar I would feel very comfortable hanging at.They have a full bar, but kind of limited on the beers on tap. I believe they only have Bud and Fat Tire. They do have various bottled beers and hard liquor.Everyone in the bar seemed real friendly, only one douche bag was seen and thankfully he left within an hour (oh, I kid, I kid).This place has the nicest bathroom of any bar. I was pleasantly surprised how clean and nice the bathroom was. This is one public restroom I'm not afraid to use. The jukebox isn't too bad. There is something for everyone, especially that person that requested a boat load of Donna Summer and B-52's songs the night I was there. I will definitley be back for the friendly service, good booze, clean bathroom and laid back atmosphere.
4	My ode to the Swizzle...You would never think much of this place, looking at it from the outside, that's if you can even find it. It is tucked behind the drive through Starbucks. The swizzle rocks! Flat out. It is small and cozy. The drinks are stiff and cheap. The jukebox has great music to entertain yourself with. There is a pool table (which I have dominated). And no food. Yes..no food. This is a bar! And a dive at that. They have the best women's bathroom (as voted by citysearch I believe).All around, this place kept me sane for years and still does when I come back to visit. Be sure to speak with the regulars, as many of them have awesome stories.A true gem.
5	Oooohhhh baby I loooove your way...everyday...yeeeaaaahhh.I wanna be with you night and day....Went back to the swizzle last night and fell in love again.With pool.With dives.With football.With beer.With diversity.With the random atrium.With the jukebox.With life.How can you beat pool and beer, combined with an awesome location, a diverse crowd, and a room full of people screaming at the TV because football is on? Then top that with the weird quirkiness that makes me warm and fuzzy on the inside...the atrium, a lovely bathroom and random bumper stickers at the bar. The End.
4	I visited Swizzle for the first time last week, but I have heard about it for quite awhile and just never made it over.  The bartender was really nice, she poured me a strong drink and I was pleased that it was inexpensive.  I noticed that there were plenty of TVs, a jukebox, pool tables, and a dart board, all great forms of entertainment.  The place was pretty dead that night, but there seemed to be some regulars in there and I could see a diverse crowd being in there when it's busier.  I will definitely be back.P.S. The Bathroom is superb.
4	Only go to the Swizzle Inn if you like good times. If you do not like to have good times then no Swizzle Inn for you! The hubs and I used to live with in crawling distance of the Swizz, loved how close we were. Now we live about a $15 cab ride away :( We hit up the Swizz this past Saturday, it had been a while since I had been there. And boy did I miss it. The crowd is always a nice random mix of people. The bartender is always on the ball and the wait for a drink isn't long at all. I do wish their tap selection was a bit better/broader...but whatev. This place has an indoor atrium of an ocean scene so it can do whatever the hell it wants! The jukebox has rad tunes! The pool table is always hoppen. Only go here if you like good times.
4	Came here on a whim from out of town, and had a great time! Cheap drinks, nice locals, glad I stopped by. Service was great as well. I was also happy to find they had sunshine wheat on tap, it was a great taste of home :)
4	They have a beer prayer outside on the wall, a weird nautical theme down to the tropical nook inside, and a really weird collection of customers. This place makes me wonder why I'd never come in sooner. It feels like a midwestern small town dive bar. Something you'd find in Springfield Illinois, or Elkhart Indiana. The young bartender was really friendly and they had pool and darts, plus it wasn't too busy. We had a great time here.
5	There are a few dive bars in Phoenix that turn me on... Central Phoenix to be specific...THIS IS ONE OF THEM !!!It's comfortable, there are pretty people and there are ugly people. The bartenders remember my drinks, and well, I think I get heavy pours because I rarely have more then 2-3 drinks and always leave pleasantly buzzed. YAY SWIZZLE !!
4	Fun little hole in the wall. Back behind the Starbucks at 16th and Bethany Home Rd.
3	I still can't get a handle on this place.  Depending on the time of day you seem to attract either mostly elderly alcoholics or douchebags from the suburbs.  Where are the hipsters?
1	Don't go here! I think the Owner of the bar went through gene therapy to revert back to a primitive state. Don't give her any of your business, because she "-don't need your money you mother f**kers".
4	Cute little dive bar hidden behind Starbucks on the SE corner of 16th and Bethany.  The women's bathroom is surprisingly decorated (will have to see for yourself).  I love how they decorated for Christmas with all the lights.
4	I love 'the Swiz'.  I ended up here on a Saturday night after a concert and we had a great time.  It is a rare feat to find a dive bar with generally pretty good looking people in it!  Also, I only verbally ordered a round of drinks once and the bartender remembered it for the rest of the night...just had to walk up to the the bar and presto, the drinks magically appeared on the counter!  I noticed the other reviews of old people frequenting the bar... Kind of strange because I don't think there was anyone over 40 at the bar when I was there.  This may also depend on the time of day, we did not show up until around midnight on a Saturday.
5	Fun little bar...a bit dark inside, but the servers are friendly and its a good crowd.
4	Just follow their directions and you can't go wrong here - Swizzle in and Swagger out!    It's a classy dive bar me thinks. Love its unique location between the Dreamy Draw cat hospital, the accompanying Puff & Fluff grooming shop and a Starbucks, you never know who will be bellying up to the bar on the next stool over.  It could be a hipster who rolled up on their beach cruiser from the Garage.  It could be your grandfather.  It may be a softball player who's mad b/c they lost or buying you drinks because they won.  or a peace corps volunteer alumni.   You just never know.   But what I do know, the jukebox is the best in the valley,  the beer is served in full-size pitchers (none of this mini-pitcher b.s.) and it's affordable, Dar the bartender also makes muffins so what's not to love about her?,  there is a rotating mystery shot - livers be warned - you never know what you are going to get! and the restrooms have been voted "best ladies room in Phoenix"  - certainly an accolade among accolades for a dive bar!       Enough to find me here regularly, and if I'm not I'll be just a swizzzzzz  away!
4	Super cute dive bar with friendly staff and patrons.  Cheap drinks, darts and a jukebox are entertaining.  Loved it!
4	Review in Haiku:Old folks congregate,in this dark, hole in the wall,jukebox plays oldies.P.S.- I really like the Swizz.
4	I LOVE the swizzle! good times
4	I used to LIVE at The Swizzle Inn and sadly only make it back occasionally. This really is a great bar and was the first cool place I found when I moved to Phoenix. It is an unpretentious dive bar that attracts a diverse but generally friendly, fun-loving crowd. The bartenders are great, especially Darlene and Courtney-they will always take care of you. The prices are fantastic and they always have drink specials. If your goal is to get loaded, you can probably achieve your goal here for under $30. BEWARE of the Mystery Shot unless you don't have to work in the morning. The have probably one of the best juke boxes in town, and there is pool and darts. They also have an awesome bathroom for the ladies-yes, on one particularly drunken night I was dragged into the ladies room and myself beheld the much talked about Swizzle Inn ladies room.
5	Greatest dive bar ever!Their Christmas decorations rival that of Coach House but without the Scottsdale crowd.  You can find every type of person hanging out here.  The staff is friendly and they pour heavy (but not too heavy). My friend said to me a few months ago, "I found the greatest dive bar ever you have to go to called the Swizzle Inn!"  I replied, "It is the greatest!  I've been going to the Swizz for years."  Maybe I should have shared the info sooner?
1	I stopped by this bar because a friend knows the owner. The patrons were nice and the bar tender was fantastic. I gave it one star because the owner  (little dude) and his wife (drunk with an attitude) really don't care about their patrons. Not a good experience for non-locals and I would not suggest this bar.
2	As much as I wanted to love the Swizzle Inn my first experience was uninspired.  The regulars bellied up at the bar were all varying degrees of creepy, I never felt very welcome, and the joint wasn't nearly as raucous as I'd hoped it would be. I was told the juke box was great but all I heard during my 45 minutes was Barry Manilow and Grand Funk Railroad.  It wasn't all bad. The prices are extremely wallet friendly and I dug the bartender a lot, so I'll definitely go back and give the Swizz another chance. Hopefully my update will be much more favorable.
5	I LOVE Swizzle Inn. I went there after a recommendation from a random drunk one Christmas season and have made a point of going back ever since. The decorations are amazing, and I'm fairly certain that they decorate for other holidays as well. I like its high tables and relaxed atmosphere. I've been going infrequently over the past few years, and it's always the same lady behind the bar. The people are incredibly nice, seems like they have some steady regulars. They don't serve food, so they don't mind if you bring in your own. And perhaps one of the nicest things, besides the wonderful decor is how nice the restrooms are; they even have lotion in the ladies' room. I believe they have an award on the wall for best restroom at a dive bar. Love this place. Great for relaxing with friends.
4	By the time I made it to the Swizzle Inn my phone had died so I couldn't check in, so very sad for me, trying to get that dang master yelp badge hahahaWell after a country filled night it was time to just find a nice little dive bar and chillax with a drink, again drink for the night whiskey n coke, bartender was Courtney, she was nice and friendly. The bar had a great vibe to it, not to packed not very empty either, by now it was close to 1am and everyone their seemed to be friendly, and talkative, guess they didn't care we were new.Nice little neighborhood dive bar, wouldn't mind coming back, drinks were cheap & strong and those my friends are what I like!
4	Such a great dive bar! Nice bartenders. Drink specials daily. Pool table. Darts.Oh yeah...and best ladies restroom in a dive bar ever! This is how I always sold this place to friends when suggesting we go here. Then I realized one day that they actually received a Phoenix New Times award for that exact thing. And it's true. You know how it is ladies...typically at a dive bar you don't want to have to go to the bathroom unless you absolutely have to. Here it is a pleasure. Clean, scented lotion, other important lady products if needed. It's not at all what you would expect.Also, if you get a chance come here around Christmas time. It's like a mini version of Coach House with lights and decorations everywhere.
4	Easy Living in Swizzle Inn.  A great dive bar to hang out.  Bring some friends and settle down for a night of drinking and and and... drinking.  The locals seem nice enough and the whole place has a lot to take in, from the funny bumper stickers decorating the inner bar area to the dudes playing pool and I think I saw Golden Tee in there or was it The Claw?? Hard to remember, like I said, settle down for some drinking and more drinking.
4	Okay, The Swizz is pretty dope. Super cheap drinks, especially if you go on ladies night. The jukebox has all the oldies that you love...especially those that you love but you know you shouldn't (ie: My Humps by Black Eye Peas... that's my jam! lol). ALSO this place has THE cleanest bathroom I have EVER seen in ANY bar...EVER! There is a pool table and a dart board and a weird shooting game soooo knock yourself out in that department. They have a "free food" corner where people bring snacks and other yummy yummy goodness from home.....yeahhhhhh use your discretion here. Sometimes it's something that's yummy other times it looks super sketchy. Overall a great dive bar. Super cool bartenders who know how to make good drinks. I'll be back!
4	This place rocks. 'Nuff said.Cheap drinks, awesome bar staff, stiff pours.. I love this place.They have seen me at my worst, my best and all in between, and no one passes judgement.Swizzle- stay classy my friend.
5	Go there.  Now.  The magic of Christmas awaits.  By far my favorite neighborhood joint.  Seriously, go.
2	Set near a hip intersection of town, yet very obvious this establishment was there long before. Kind of a bust, and not too friendly when the place is busy - though maybe it's better on a slower night. Also, hope you like a lot of screaming.
5	The only dive bar in phoenix that truly reminds me of my midwestern roots. Cheap drinks, great happy hour(that's ridiculously long and cheap). You'd think that this would attract the less than desirable crowd to frequent swizzle, but I've only found great bartenders and patrons at this little bar. If you're in the neighborhood you've got to give them a try.
4	If you want a cozy dive bar, this is it.  Ask for the "mystery shot" and go for it!
5	Great local place to hangout with friends! The service is great! Everyone is VERY friendly and welcoming!
4	Q:  Is it bad to start a review with "I don't remember"? A:  Not when it is a review about a bar! I really like Xoe U.'s comment "It's comfortable, there are pretty people and there are ugly people"...it's incredibly accurate. And whether they are pretty or ugly, I have deducted that all can be fun to talk to and you never know who has the most interesting, prophetic, astute and poignant things to say until you actually talk to them. Anyway, once or twice I have gone into The Swizzle to escape some sort of mental torment or self-imposed drama that has invaded my personal space (sometimes you gotta get out of your head, man!), and love that by the time I leave there I have spoken with someone who has taken my mind off of whatever has ailed me. I have nothing but love for this place. Life is complicated, your neighborhood dive bar doesn't have to be.
4	This bar is really fun to go to if you want to play darts or chat with the friendly bartenders.  The drinks are cheap.  It's a smaller place and a little dark, but that's okay since it's a little dive bar.  I always have a good time whenever I go here.
5	The Swizzle Inn, a five star dive.  It's like comfort food, bad for your health but also very comforting.  If you find yourself in the position of having a designated driver and really want to tie one on without judgemental eyes holding you back - come to the Swizz!  You could fall off your bar stool and hop right back up without anyone blinking an eye.
5	Awesome dive bar!  It's a mix crowd of young and older and different walks of life but overall everyone is friendly and courteous.  Staff is extremely friendly and there's always a special going on.  Will definitely visit again soon!
3	Great little dive bar. cheap well drinks and beer, and def a late night spot.
2	This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place.
4	The swizzle is great!  The people are real and the drinks are cheap but eat before you come because this is truly a bar ... No kitchen.
1	If your interested in bull dogs and favoritism,  you've found your home.  Beware of undercover trolls posing as owners protecting his Bitches. More balls here than the Phoenix Mercury basketball team apparently. Not lbgt friendly.  Perhaps a new location outside of the parralegram is time
4	Now if you are looking for a cozy not really that divey dive with great prices and drink specials you can find it here.  The staff is friendly and the beer is cold.  You have to try the "paperbag shot".  It is a secret blend in a bottle poured up for $1.  They have several TVs so it is great for catching the games.  I always love how they have it decorated over the Christmas holiday period. Lights, tinsel garland and glass Christmas ball ornaments strung against the ceiling in a grid pattern.  I don't know what it is about it but it is so mesmerizing.  But I have always been known for being easily entertained.  [Hey only the boring ever get bored in my book.]  They have also received an award in the past for the best women's restroom at a bar in PHX.  It is pretty swanky for a woman's restroom in a divey bar.   The place is low key for the most part, until later in the evenings (usually Friday and Saturdays after 10p) when the area hipster wanna-bes come out and swarm the place.  Chicks stinkin' up the place with the latest Pop Star's Perfume, nervously playing with their infinity scarfs as they chat with the dudes in beanies.  That is usually when I know it is time to leave. If that you your scene you will love it.  But if you like the cool dive scene get there earlier, drink enough and the late night scene is more tolerable. But that is just me.  ;)
1	The owner and her husband are god awful.  Wewent for the first time last night and it's pretty obvious that she has a drinking problem/can't hold her liquor.  She ended up calling me a f*cking b*tch.  I'm sorry, but last time I checked- it is NEVER okay to talk to a customer like that. I would steer clear of this place.  I definitely will not be visiting here again.  Which is extremely sad because I really thought the bartenders were very nice.
1	As someone who manages a bar, I generally keep an open mind going into a new place. That was quickly closed when the owner of the bar came absolutely unglued, using obscene language and profanities towards our group. After her tirade of foul language and threatening gestures she then told us to leave or she'd have us arrested. Mind you this is the woman who was threatening physical violence against us not 10 minutes before. If you'd like to be treated as a CUSTOMER, and not a whipping pole, I'd suggest ANY other bar. If you'd like to be treated like absolute garbage by a raging alcoholic, head on in.  The bar tenders were ok, but clearly not fast paced enough to handle our group of 12.
5	Great vibe, great drinks and better prices. I found this place by accident, and curiosity made me check it out. My 3rd time back because I needed a Bloody Mary to kick start my Sunday, and I feel like I might stay all day. Bartenders are the best by far in this hood. And it's very diverse, don't come here if you're into the hipster scene, they cater to everyone. Cool place!
4	I originally went to the place thinking it might be similar to another Swizzle Inn I first visited on a trip to Bermuda. It's a pretty popular destination spot in the BDA, so I thought for sure there would be some relation. Well after visiting, from what I can tell, nope there's not. Not even close. Looking for a rum swizzle? You're probably not going to find here. Looking for cheap drinks in a unique midtown bar? Look no further and head here. Yes, this place is a dive but I think it prides itself on this title. It's no tropical destination but after filling yourself up on some good eats at one of their more popular neighbors, this place is definitely a good "go to". The service is always pretty quick and friendly and you can get some awesome drink deals. I can typically find a table or stool and the regulars all seem pretty nice. When i'm ending a night and just want a cheap drink, i will definitely head here. It's become one of my favorite neighborhood bars. It's not going to bring back memories of sitting on the beach drinking rum, but it will definitely leave you with good memories overall if you can remember the evening the next morning (cheap drinks go down a lot faster).
2	Went in for a beer after I hiked Squaw Peak, had seen this place on Yelp since it was near my house.  The other customers were very nice, the bartender was not. The happy hour prices were not even that good, I could walk to 4 places near by that are more friendly and have better HH.
5	I give this five stars if you're looking for a dive bar where you can just go enjoy a drink Without any hoopla or inflated prices.Very chill,Super low key and you can't beat Christmas lights year round at this bar. A Hidden gem!Dress code:  anything goes people there don't give a shit
5	Saturday afternoon was my first time here...but not my last!When we walked in there was a rambunctious group of OLD LADIES talking about the importance of a good support bra while taking pictures of their chests! I couldn't agree more!!I can not comment on the price of the drinks since we sent the guys to open a tab, but I can comment on the heavy hand that poured my drinks. Kudos to you!!My only regret is not having came here sooner to experience Christmas at the Swizzle.
4	what a fun place to hideaway from the big crowds, the place pours ya a great drink, prices are awesome as are the staff and fellow barstoolers.  Great place for pool to hang with a couple of friends. very friendly, good date night place
4	I do love this place.  The drinks are cheap. I have the bartender my card and ordered a Shock-top and A Guinness.. she told me all cards need a tab of at least $10.. I started at her.. then she said 2 beers was $8... OH! KEEP IT OPEN THEN! The people here are diverse! You see just turned 21 up to 80! Hipsters and goths. Since it's pretty close to the gay district  there's plenty for anyone!  There is a jukebox full of not so great music and a pool table. The girls bathroom is amazingly clean and really there's never much of a line for it! There are always attractive men and women in here. You could definitely find someone to take up with you if that's what you are there for. I always have a good time here. Girls nights, dates, night out with the boys. No one really complains!
5	A mainstay in Phoenix!  The Swizz is one of the best little bars in town, especially after couple of cocktails!  The owners are great people, and the staff is wonderful.
3	There are a lot of things I should be able tell you about the Swizzle Inn; the key phrase being "should".  The geographical positioning of the bar makes it an easily accessible and ideal destination for keeping it local and I can be in the Swizzle parking lot in just about 10 minutes door to door as long as it isn't rush hour. I should be able to tell you how long ago some fuck stick dropped a Starbucks right in the middle of the parking lot of the strip mall where the Swizzle resides and ruined the ambiance for us all and I also should be able to tell you the owners name as I've met him half a dozen times over the years and in turn be able to explain the extreme nautical theme of the place up to and including the porthole window in the door of the main entrance. I also should be able to tell you the names of the weekend bartenders who served the better half and I ever so well during out last visit and most importantly I should be able to tell you how great of a place this is to casually drink your sorrows away/into fruition.  But despite this being, on paper, the perfect formula of the dive bar Pythagorean Theorem for me I've never felt completely comfortable patronizing the Swizzle and I can tell you none of these things I have mentioned; not a single one.Until recently I couldn't even give you a specific example of a time I had a shitty night at the Swizzle; in fact most nights I can recall doing the Swizzle Inn and Swagger Out I always had a mediocre time, or an adequate time or even a downright acceptable time drowning drinks at the half circle bar that is the main feature of the space. On a recent night the better half and I vowed to step outside of our comfort zone and meet some work friends for drinks at an hour where we normally wouldn't expect most bars to be packed to capacity. We were puzzled at the full parking lot and cast dirty looks at the Starbucks taking up valuable parking real estate and made our way to the door. When we pushed it open we were hit with a wave of sound and with an audible "ZHANG" we walked right into a packed house smack in the middle of Murder Mystery Night...and somebody was giving booze to these god damn animals.I immediately recoiled in horror from the leering forms before me; there were too many Hawaiian shirts and cheap plastic leis to comprehend. I counted at least half a dozen overly done fake mustaches on beings that were entirely too feminine to be men and everyone was screeching at decidable levels that caused my teeth to rattle in my skull. Packs of these fiends were caroming off of walls and each other in a drunken frenzy. Before I had time to even assess the situation two spaces opened at the bar and we quickly dove for safety.  As we sat staring slack jawed in horror at the scene around us waiting for the bartenders to meet our gaze I glanced at the time: 745PM on a Saturday night.Eventually the bartenders did catch up to us and after some confusion regarding the question "what kind of Rye do you have" was cleared up we sipped out cocktails and stared transfixed in horror as the chaos of alcoholic Murder Mystery cascaded around us. Inevitably the revelry ended and the murder was announced, along with special categorical winners none of which I could hear over the losers braying out orders to the inundated barkeeps as they quenched their losses with mass rounds of Jaeger and Cuervo shots to go with pitcher after pitcher of Shock Top. I didn't understand the theme of the Mystery that was to be solved and remained just as puzzled as Scooby and the gang when it hit me: Zoinks! I now knew why I never had a night to remember (or to forget for the matter) visiting the Swizzle Inn. I simply didn't fit in here. I had more in common with the grim faced line of old timey regulars that protected the back part of the bar with a grizzled and professional determination than I did with the lunatics drinking cheap tequila and playing a hideously drunken version of "Clue".  That is to say, aside from hoping to catch a nipple slip or a panty shot from the comely bartender every time she bent over, my ability to be entertained and enthralled, even if just as an observer, by any patron on hand had been reduced to zero by having no discernible common bond with anyone in attendance. With a half-hearted sigh I gave the bartenders bodacious bod a good bye nod and adjourned with my party to a back table where we proceeded to have not a good time, not a bad time, but just a time.It of course could have ended worse for me I suppose. After I Swizzled Inn and went to Swagger out I could have been accosted by Professor Plumb, with an empty beer bottle in the lavatory and become just another forgettable fake mustachioed and tacky Hawaiian shirt wearing victim of Murder Mystery Night at the Swizzle Inn.
5	The magic of Christmas is over, but the magic of the Swizzle is not!   My little neighborhood watering hole is always a good time and the bartenders make you feel at home.  Always highly recommended.
2	i had the same experience as Dana B below.  Loved the ambiance, bartenders, music.  i was unfortunate to sit next to the lady who owned the place at the bar.  i was in town on vacation and she told me i was sketchy bc i had a camera with me and she didnt believe anything i said.  i could barely understand her rude statements she was slurring so much.  when she started cussing, i just said goodnight and walked out quickly  (left a half full jack and coke on the bar).  its not fair to rate the place terribly bc the place is awesome outside of the drunken owner, but i would never go back.  just steer clear of any old lady who tries to talk to you whos slurring.
4	The Swizz is a great neighborhood dive bar, with friendly people and fun atmosphere. I wish I could get there more often, but its worth a stop if you have time. I've always been treated good by the staff and prices are good.
3	I need witnesses to an accident that happened after bar closing time in the parking lot at Swizzle Inn. It was early Sunday morning on September 21, 2014.A vehicle backed into my vehicle in the parking lot as I approached the Swizzle Inn.If anyone saw it happen, please contact me. I will need particulars and descriptions of either or both cars to confirm you as a reliable witness.A recorded statement over the phone to both insurance companies will be requested for justice to be served.
4	I swear this is a great "dive" bar. The drinks are cheap and good and everyone is always so friendly. I always forget about this place and have only been twice in my 8+ years here in Phoenix but I think I will need to change that. Seriously a great place to just hang out and, grab a few drinks and just chill.
5	Love, love, LOVE the Swizzle Inn!!!It's everything you want in a neighborhood/dive bar and more. Really has a Cheers vibe to it.... "where everybody knows your name."The owners frequently bring in homemade FREE food for the whole bar, and they're great cooks.Drinks are a strong pour and priced reasonably. Can't miss the mystery shot - don't believe imitators - it was invented here!Holiday decor goes up November 15 ... Wow! Great place for a hot toddy.Come join me for a cocktail!!!!
5	Love the Swizz!  Reminds me of back home in the Midwest.  Good times and great spot to mingle and meet new people!
5	Excellent little divey bar set in a strip mall on a 16th and Bethany home.  Cool decor, super casual, friendly barstaff, and reasonable prices. It's apparently been there a long time, and seems brilliant.
2	Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. That is exactly where I am at with the beloved Swizzle Inn. But only with a certain semi-tall blonde (brunette w/highlights) bartender who apparently refuses to acknowledge me hanging over the bar with empty drink in hand as she prepares drinks for everybody else that walks up after me. Not on one occasion...three. Now, since I'm one to give the benefit of the doubt I can afford to give her some leeway. Here it is: 1) She is inept at her job who folds at the first sign of decent business and is unable to differentiate who was waiting first. 2) She would rather I be a six foot blonde chic who has the hots for her. 3) She is a racist that would prefer to snub me albeit I have a history of tipping well. 4) Number one and three. 5) Number two and three. 6) All of the above. 7) She can't handle the pressure of working at a small neighbor bar solo. Whatever the answer is, it's ashame because I'm all for the neighborhood bar. My last attempt was to purchase a $50 gift certificate for a friend who loves the place. I'm actually glad this chic saved me $50 by acting like a flustered nincompoop. Alright, I'm done. This place is too cool to totally abandon but I'm not giving this particular "woman"any more of my money.Thanks for reading.
5	Fun place with nice bartenders. The owners often treat everyone to free food. The Christmas decor is fantastic. BUT ..... now Bob won't be there anymore due to a terrible tragedy. SO very sad. God bless you Beth. Praying for you
5	This place is the jam in my peanut butter.   Highly recommended.
5	Thanksgiving here was the bomb. Coming here was the best thing I did in my visit to this place. Everyone is friendly here even the owner was there having a few drinks with the people. They were even gracious to have a potluck going on that day as well. When I move here this will be my spot that I will be hanging out at. Those stool will have my name all on them.
