5	I purchased a Groupon for 50 units of Dysport for $99 and was excited to try it for my very first time.  I must say my visit was perfect!  It's been 2 days since I had dysport injections around my eyes for deep creasing/crows feet when I smiled.  I was told it would take at least 3 days to start kicking in.  I am very happy with the results, it's only been 48 hours and the is amazing!  The office staff was friendly and professional and everything I had hoped for.  Now the only negative thing I will say is that when I called to make my appt. a man answered the phone and he was a little abrasive, just a little.  I guess they forward the phones when not in the office and he sometimes answers.  Don't let this scare you off, I dealt with very nice ladies and I believe the girl who did my injections was named Ashley.  You have to try Advantage Beauty and Health!  I can't wait to go back and have more injections!  Woo Hoo!
5	I used to see Lynette in her little closet at Applause after I purchased a Groupon :-) She's always done a meticulous job and I trust her very much. Her new location is open and nearly done being renovated. She has hired new staff. I was nervous allowing a new person to inject my face. It's a scary thing! But - Ashley is awesome! Great customer service, open and honest, made me feel comfortable, and has given me the best results yet! I am very happy with everything - how I look and the price to look this good! I continue to get Groupon pricing and Advantage notifies me by text when a special is being run. I am very satisfied and recommend Ashley/ The Advantage team to others!
5	Switched from Botox to Dysport so I was a tad bit nervous. Scheduling the appointment--simple. Upon arrival, their customer service is tried and true. One of the nurses took me back and called Lynette (after explaining the number to me).. to make sure she was maximizing my units . I only used half of my purchased ones. When a business like this, credits you and says "they'll be here for your next appt". You know they are worth your time and money. There prices are reasonable and they will text/email you their specials. I live 29 miles away, and I will definately go back!
5	Lynette and her staff are fantastic, their new location is very zen and inspiring, I have gone to Advantage for several years and have always been impressed by their level of customer service as well as their expertise in the services they provide.
2	I bought a Groupon to try this place out and also because my mom recommended it. The Groupon was $99 for 50 units of Dysport. I went in and the lady who helped me, Susan, was very nice. I'm sad to say that the first set of injections didn't work. I called and explained what happened and they scheduled me to go back in and have a touch up done, which the didn't charge me for. They injected me with some more Dysport and sadly, it's still not working. :( I'm really disappointed that it's not working for me because I'm desperate to get rid of the wrinkles in my forehead. The ladies who work there are really nice and I don't feel right about asking for my money back since they essentially injected me with 100 units of Dysport and made a good fait effort to resolve my concern. I think I'll go somewhere else next time and try botox and see if that works.
5	I have had the pleasure of receiving services from Advantage Beauty twice now, Dysport and fillers (including Voluma) I highly recommend this place. Lynette, Susan, and Sang are amazing and truly interested in customer satisfaction. The prices are great and the service is exceptional. Thank you ladies for your care and fantastic service!
5	I have been wanting to try either Botox or Dysport for a long time now. So as a bday gift my husband bought a groupon voucher for me to try it out. I ended up purchasing a few more units just to make sure I got the full effect. Sang was extremely helpful and explained everything to me as she went along. I just want everyone to know. I love the results. LOVE IT! I will be back. The office is very nice and staff very friendly. And it didn't hurt at all.
