5	For once the city of mesa planners got it right.  Mesa now has a place that can entertain everyone from children to seniors.  Riverview park is next to the new Cubs stadium and is a well designed use of space.  The children's park has all the latest equipment to entertain and provide exercise for children. For a city with triple digit temperatures and bus stops with nothing but a pole to shield from the heat I was surprised to see the park has tent structures covering parts of the equipment.  Also a nice area with water spouts to keep us all cool during the summer.There is a nice lake in the park for lounging, picnicking,  or fishing.For those who enjoy bike riding the area provides for bike paths for exercise or leisure riding.  Mesa Riverview mall is across the street from the park and has plenty of places to eat and shop.As a citizen of Mesa I can honestly say that I am proud of how this project turned out.  Perhaps the residents of Mesa can now stop giving our tax dollars to Tempe or San Tan and help keep our city well funded for years to come.Congratulations Mayor Scott Smith!
5	I live a short walk from this park and I had been waiting with anticipation for it to open up this year. I went to the Double Play event a few weeks ago and have since visited a few times to go walking in the evenings. The park is gorgeous. Whenever I am there or drive past, I see families, runners, folks fishing, just a ton of different types of people taking advantage of what the park has to offer. I think it was a great use of the space and the only thing I wish they had added was a recreational area for softball/volleyball/basketball courts. Hopefully this, along with Cubs Stadium, will bring some much needed business to Mesa Riverview.
4	This is a fantastic park. The only downside is the lack of shade. While there is shaded areas, and it's great. I could see this park being empty in August. The playground equipment that is in the sun will be too hot to touch. The splash pad, however is AMAZING! I can't wait to take my kids to it. Once the sun goes down of course, because there isn't enough shade close to the splash pad itself, meaning I would have to stand in the sun in order to keep a good eye on my kids.
5	I live so close to the park that I could get there in "two shakes of a lamb's tail."  But it wasn't until yesterday that I finally had a chance to explore it.  Once I got out the car with my little ones (two Chis), and took in the full "river view" of the place, I got so excited.  The park is vast, clean, and more importantly it's fun to be there.  The playground makes me wish that I was a kid again.  I've never seen such grandiose play things! I'm making plans to go for walks there regularly with the Chis.  Wish there was an off-leash area for them as well as more shade.  I heard that they have plans to continue build towards the back area.  There's supposed plans for a hotel (Hyatt, I think) and restaurants.  Glad my casa is in Mesa now!
2	I give this park one star for the concept, another star for everything they have going on at the park such as the splash pad. They lose 3 stars for the following reasons:1. Parking = not enough, poorly planned, organized, and executed. But I should have expected this coming from a facility located next to the cubs. (go white socks!)2. Ghetto = too many unsupervised kids with parents too busy making out with their gangbanger boyfriends, gossiping about how their man cheated or their face glued to the cell phone.3. The jungle gym climbing wall = horrible idea and lawsuit waiting to happen.
5	I've traveled around the country and have never seen a park like this. There are many micro islands of play for ages 2 to102. The environment seems to bring out the best in people.
5	Perfect place to walk around. Lots of play ground area for kids. Area for kids to get wet in the summer. Fishing area avaliable,bbq grills, & picnic tables
4	Clean with a lot of things to keep the kids busy! Would be nice if they had more parking. The splash pad is a blast for the kids and there are a lot of covered picnic tables.
5	We love this park!  Best in town.  So much family fun.  Splash pad, climbing, unique playground, grassy areas for picnics, lake.  I love the walk ways.  It has a Chicago, Lake Michigan feel.  Great date night place to walk around, people watch.
5	Riverview Park existed before, but never like this! As the Cubs Spring Training Stadium was being built, the adjacent park also had a facelift. Now the park offers something for everyone! I love to take my dog for walks around the lake and watch the ducks and geese swim around. Or throw a football around in the field with my boyfriend. For kids, there is a super cool playground with a huge Spiderman web to climb and a little water park splash pad. The design of the park is very atheistically pleasing with rows of palm trees, bridges and curvy sidewalks making for a good spot for family picnics, bike rides or a quiet place to read a book. The parking situation is a little confusing upon the first visit to this park. My suggestion is to figure out which area of the park you want to hang out and find parking close to that. The parking near the playground seems to be hard to come by. If you live close to the park, maybe ride a bike!
2	The place looks nice, but it still is in Mesa. They should rename the place DragonFly  Park because of the dozens of these things flying around the fake lake. There was a hgirl running in the park with her dog having no leash running wild. Another couple of shady characters were hanging out on the hill and the noise from the hotel construction makes this not too quiet a destination. After the hotel is done it will be three stars, but oh yea, it is still in Mesa and will be overrun by the loser Cubs fan who flock here for two months starting in Feb.
3	One star just for Mesa making this park better than it was. It was much needed. I think there could be some improvement tho.1. Shade. There is very little. I know the trees are young and will bring more shade once they are older, but the benches have this little shade that is high up and is only like half the width of the bench...really? What's up with that??? Bad design. Get rid of them and get a real cover. And you would think that architects would know the pattern and paths of the sun in Arizona enough to design something that would provide more shade during the hottest part of the year. Get with it man geez. 2. The dog area needs some seating and some shade. Wth, the rest of the park has tables and benches.  When you get to the dog area...none. I think it's so wide open that people mistake it for a soccer field. I'd hate to see see a soccer player step in what someone's dog left behind....Speaking of which, someone needs to fill the booboo bag holders. They're always, always empty. I bring my own, I just wish everyone did! 3. More drinking fountains and facilities. There is only one of each in this park. What about putting some on the OTHER end of the park? Srsly4. More ramadas/gazebos whatever you want to call them. There are only 2 sets. One in the kid's area and one set for everyone else.5. Once this park is completed, I foresee a lack of parking.Here are some pluses:1. The fishing. I'm not a fisherman, but it's cool to see it. I hear they stock the water every 2 weeks. Every one needs good outlet huh? 2. The bungee tower thingy. That's cool. Let's just hope no one falls from the top! But, if they do, at least they'll fall slowly ha. One star for Mesa for creativity. It's rare for Mesa to think outside the box. 3. The location. It's cool to have a nice park on the west side. It's close to Tempe, Scottsdale.That is all.
5	Love this park.  We went with a bunch after a family lunch and everyone had a great time.
2	For how this park was revamped and the cool climbing stuff and spray pad, I give it a 5 star.  It's gorgeous.However, I give the people that go here and make it look like a trashy, ghetto place, I give you a 1 star.  We don't live near this area, rather in Gilbert and I've been spoiled by not only beautiful parks, but also the people that go there also have good behaviors overall.  They don't just throw there trash anywhere, but actually use the trash bins.We did leave because there were people that looked up to no good and people smoking wherever we went.  It was a beautiful evening, but the fact we couldn't breathe because of all these people smoking.  Frankly, I don't have to deal with smoking at the Gilbert parks.Just because you may not have a lot of money, may be poor does not mean you have to act trashy, toss your trash anywhere and everywhere.  Here the city pumps in all this money to try to make the area look better, but without people acting better, in a few years, this place will look dumpy also.  What a shame.We saw this plate of cake just sitting there on the sidewalk.  What the heck?  It wasn't a small piece of cake, but nearly filled the plate and looked partially eaten.  Who on earth would eat a piece of cake that is 6"x8" big?  You can pick up the plate and walk it over to a trash can if you don't want it?There were cigarette butts strewn near the play areas and the climbing areas.  That just sickens me when people feel it's okay to smoke those nasty cancerous sticks near areas where children play.  And, some of the people climbing on the rope things, they just had rude behaviors.  So, basically we encountered more than we'd like ghetto behaviors.  So kudos for the city for trying to revitalize this place, but people with poor behaviors, leaving their trash all around, throwing their cigarette butts everywhere, they really bring down the place.They should have fines for people who throw cigarette butts on the ground and trash fines for littering.
5	We love this park. Tons to do and perfect for the kids. It is really big so sometimes it's hard to see the kids but we love it!!
5	Alas, it was a brutally hot Friday afternoon and I had just picked up my kids from school. What lied ahead was sure to be lots of whining, rough housing (resulting in tears from at least one kid), and "I'm so bored!". Scanning my mind for something to keep them busy without breaking the bank, I thought of Riverview park and decided to check it out. All I have to say is, "Way to go, Mesa!". This park has tons- I mean tons- of fun water features with activities and sections for any age group, a huge climbing rope thing that made me quite nervous, and plenty of grass and shade to relax while the kids went crazy. This is a public park, so be prepared for huge crowds during the summer and that one group of unsupervised riff-raff teens that you can't quite escape from. Otherwise it was a fun, enjoyable afternoon. Any place that causes my kids to completely zonk out on the drive home gets bonus points in my book.
