4	I'm making my list of Accidental Discoveries because as I was driving to lunch I had a feeling to look in the spot where the Turkish Restaurant sat (about four years ago) and I said "it would be cool if someone put a great Mediterranean restaurant there!  Someone from "Cluckers" did! !  !  All of you fans of Cluckers, here is their new Name and location!On yelp it is categorized as "Soul Food" and I think someone may have a different definition of Soul food than the pop Southern US one.  This is Greek and it is my kind of "Soul" Food because it comforts my Soul!Chicken Breast Marinated for 24 Hours.  Roasted Potatoes.  Pita Bread.  Very special Rice and a Greek Salad with plenty of Onions and a very good Salad Dressing.  Everything made in house.  Better than most Greek!Today they ran out of Baklava, Smoothies (Mango and Strawberry) and Beef (though I had already ordered the Chicken I read about on the internet)!  So I'll return to check those out too!
4	Family owned restaurant with nicely sized portions and great flavor...I'd like some more please! I guess this place used to be called Cluckers (never went then), but some other company in Florida had the name so they changed names and changed locations. It's located off Pineville Matthews Road, which is a better location than their last one since this is how we found the place by merely driving past. While the stuffed grape leaves are not made in house, they are not canned. They still taste fresh and were very pleasing. I got the veggie pita with potatoes on the side. The potatoes look homemade with each potato square slightly different than the next. The dish was good and one that I would hope to find at a family owned establishment. The veggie platter, however, stole the show! Large plate was filled to the brim with grape leaves, falafel, tahini and hummus dip, a salad, and fresh slices of pita bread. Oh the pita just melts in your mouth! You can order rice or potatoes on the side with the platter or for just $.89 more (or something like that), you can get a noodle side, which was well worth it! The price is right for any budget...and if you order certain things, you can get free smoothies with your meal. Obviously, I didn't...so I don't know the details, but a sign at the entrance caught my thrifty eye.The service was very friendly. Atmosphere was modest and nothing lavish (not really a place to impress your date by looks). All said, I would definitely come back here again!
2	I was pretty stoked to try this place. New Greek woohoo! Unfortunately, i ended up being disappointed.  I have a realllly hard time believing almost everything here is made from scratch. Had the spanakopita appetizer and gyro pita. Is it too much to ask that a Greek restaurant actually use a spit to roast the meat? Its very obvious that the gyro meat here is cut from a pre packaged loaf. It was edible, but not very good. The pita was blaaaa. Im pretty sure if i went to Restaurant Depot or Sams i could easily recreate the meal. Not impressed, not at all. The spanakopita appetizer was also meh and came out after the pitas. The best thing on the plates were the fries. Service was aiiiight, nothing great which kinda fit with everything else about the place.
5	Fantastic fresh healthy food and at a great price.   My family and I ate there twice this week alone.  I think they have the best chicken in Charlotte ... bar none!  I take all my out of town friends and business associates who visit me there to experience it for themselves.   Everyone walks away saying how great the food was!   Great service and the owner is very customer focused.   I strongly suggest you try it today!
2	We were on the mood for Greek and decided to try this place even the outside and the ambiance is soo outdated, always looks closed from outside. The food was ok, not great the Greek salad was not impressive it didn't even have onions the chicken was tasty, the meat kebab was dry and unseasoned but the worst part was the service, we where there at 7 and they close at 9:30 pm but as soon as we got our meals, we where not even half way into the meal they asked us its everything ok? Do you need anything? We said we are great thanks so they gave us the check???? What ??? There was definitely not a line waiting at the door , we were 2 tables on Saturday nite and didn't offer dessert or coffee we love baklava but not, we just got the check. Paid left and won't be back!!!
4	I've been waiting find a place with a good Philly cheese steak that was close to home.  My search is over!  The PCS pita is great.  Hopefully the baclava that we just got to go will be equally good.Free WiFi also.
3	A star has been lost, folks. Overall this place is A-OK and the food is still good. The second time I came here was intentional; I was nowhere in the neighborhood. So it was even more disappointing when I went out of my way to come here and had a less than smooth dining experience.Recently they offered a Yelp deal, purchase it for $10 and get $15 off. Not a huge savings, but still $5 is $5! Once I went to pay, it was very clear they were not familiar with the Yelp deal they were advertising. Instead of taking off the $15 they only took off $7.50 and told me that I had to purchase over $30 to get the entire $15 off. The Yelp deal did not have any specifications indicated. I was just under the $30, but after explaining the situation a couple of times to the server and then the owner, they honored the deal. Also, they didn't have falafel ready during dinner. How does that happen when it's a staple item for this type of restaurant?! We substituted for their special pasta side and it was good. They should really stop advertising a free smoothie with your meal (as seen in the front window) because it wasn't offered and I ordered a meal that should have gotten one (according to the ad).I'm three for three with less than great experiences using the Yelp deals. If you are tempted to purchase this deal, you'll get a good meal, but be ready for confusion when it's time to check out.
1	Very displeased gyro meat should be beef and lamb, not frozen pre shaped and sliced. It should be sliced off a rotating spit basting in its own juices. There gyro meat was dry with no taste, Chicken was also dry. Also menu pictures are not what you get for the price. Will not be back still waiting for a real Gyro Greek restaurant in Charlotte.
4	House of Athens is the perfect place to grab a quick bite to eat. Especially when you're like me: you hate fast food and you don't have a lot of money.The ultimate test for me was the falafel. For $3.99 you get 4 pieces of falafel, hand-made in house, wrapped in a soft pita with lettuce, tomato, onion, and tahini. Like most places, this owner was a little put-off when I asked for tzatziki instead of tahini, but that's how I like my falafels man, make a lady happy! So he did: he put on the side a sample of all 3 sauces: tahini, tzatziki, and hummus... yay! The quality of the actually falafel patties was not the best i'd ever had, but still yum and made in-house? I can dig it.So far, I've also tried the stuffed grape leaves. These are made in-house as well. Kudos! I really liked them. $3.49 for 5.This area really needs a spot like this: non-chain, diverse, fresh, and inexpensive eats... please give them service so they don't disappear!
4	If you want good simple Greek food CHEAP, this is your place.  Service is fantastic, food is exceptional.  We had the chicken kabob and a gyro plate and it was all delicious and perfectly prepared.  The orzo side is great and the pita is grilled and buttery just like I like it.  We had side salads and the ingredients were all col and crispy.  Very nice family feel - A+.
4	Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  Nothing better than trying a new restaurant and it being awesome!  The food tasted home made - fresh ingredients, tasty recipes, great combinations and reasonable prices.  We ordered the Mediterranean Sampler and it was one of the best we've had in Charlotte: hummus, spanakopita, dolmades, and falafel with tahini.  We also ordered the chicken kebab meal and a chicken pita.  We'll be back!
4	My family used House of Athens for catering an event at our home for about 30 people. We ordered pita bread, whole grilled chicken, Manestra/Orzo noodles, and greek salad. They also added tzatziki sauce (cucumber yogurt sauce), a type of creamy HOT sauce (yum!) and some oil/vinegar/spices dressing for the salad. Everyone was satisfied and it kept great for the next 2 days. They did an excellent job and we will definitely use them again for catering as well as eating at the restaurant. We were big "Cluckers" fans before they changed the name and glad to have found them again!
4	I was looking for something affordable  to pick up to feed a crowd of 10 at my house. I wanted something besides the standard pizza. This was a perfect choice!!I got help deciding how much to order, everything was fresh and warm and packaged to pick up right on time.  My crowd loved it.  The chicken was tasty, the salad fresh and everything we needed was included- all the sauces and dressings.  I would do this again when feeding a few or a lot!
3	I stopped here after the first Saturday working a my new salon in South Charlotte and Pineville area. Being a true Yelper, I sat in my car and read reviews for several things in Tower Place Shopping Center before deciding to grab a Gyro to go at HOA.  Service was quick and friendly but I was disappointed when my request for no onions was forgotten.  I had to pick them off the sandwich when I got it home.  The sandwich was generously stuffed with meat and sauce.  As a side I chose hummus instead of  the standard greek fries.  Delicious!  A  generous portion of hummus topped with diced tomatoes and a greek olive served with slices of pita.  I immediately saved the left over to enjoy later!  This was just a quick stop for take out.  The restaurant was really quiet, and maybe it does a better dinner crowd.
1	Place didn't make it - bummer.
