2	There's probably a reason no one has reviewed this show yet.  It's definitely not a destination show.  It's one of Vegas' cheesy magic/acrobatics shows that's showing at 4:00 pm every afternoon and is definitely "family" (little kid) oriented.  Ai and YuKi are the hosts/stars and are somewhat following a plot of battling an evil character called Tengu.  The duo are pretty well versed at all the magic tricks that I learned the secrets of while watching PBS specials as a kid.  The performances are a large step beyond cheesy, enough so that we were a bit annoyed.  The highlight of the show were the associated acrobatics.  An aerial gymnast captured our attention and made my friend gasp out loud a couple of times.  I hope they include health insurance in her contract, yikes...
1	I agree with with Elizabeth E.'s review.  This show does have "cheesy magic/arobatics.. definitely (little kid) orientated." I got the tickets on sale for $10 (@ travelzoo.com.)  Retail is $60 something, i believe. Definitely not worth the full price. The show evolved around 2 Japanese girls that tries to fight an evil character. Throughout the show, there will be magic/arobatics (i.e. escaping from tiny sword stabbed boxes, flying above gravity, and etc..) It doesn't come close to any Cirque de Soleui production!I would only recommended the show if you have a coupon for $10, and need it as a time filler during your stay in Las Vegas. The show is every night @ 4pm-515ish at the Planet Hollywood. Other than that, I wouldn't suggest you booking it...
3	Not worth the price, but as others have said if you have a coupon and need something to fill your afternoon then it is a decent show. It is definitely kid/family oriented, so if you're in Vegas with children then it is a good show. Ai and Yuki were very friendly.A few acts were entertaining, but a lot of it was cheesy. There is quite an amazing girl that performs some nerve-wracking acrobatics. She is extremely talented. I would highly recommend Matsuri over this if you can't get discount tickets or afford Cirque du Soleil.  It is similar in price and is quite spectacular.
4	It wasnt too bad for being our first show in Vegas. It was pretty entertaining, and had a little bit of comedy to it. It was also a good way to kill time and relax. We got it for free, so cant complain. I'd recommend it if you have kids, I think its something kids would enjoy.
