2	Very reasonable price and good customer service, but food is just OK.
4	Food was good. Nothing fancy, but it is lower priced and you get what you pay for. Great service...waiter made an effort to keep us entertained.
1	The "chicken" was soggy and a little rubbery.  The ice looked like it was icicles from the side of the building (It was winter when went).  The waiter was a friendly guy and very nice, although I'm not sure what is going on with the food...I've never been there since.
1	Delivery guy is a sweet heart. When I say I want my chicken a 7 from a 1-10 in spicyness, that's what I want. The lava sauce the general tso was drenched in was unbearable. My nose was watering. Head was sweating. Ears ringing. I will never patronize my little buddies restaurant again.
1	Owners are adorable and kind.  Food was terrible. Not fresh, not good.  I would never go back but purely because the food was terrible.  I'm a terrible yelper and rarely share when a place is good, but I owe it to you to say, do not go here.
4	I went here with a family group after my brother's graduation. It should be mentioned that everyone ordered vegetarian items, and no one was disappointed, even my fussy grandparents.The waiter was a jokester, and I found his excessively corny humor endearing.My dish (family bean curd) was tasty, and I was pleased to learn that, for once, a restaurant had indulged me when I asked to turn the spice all the way up. My friend got the Vegetable Lo Mein. There were fewer vegetables than she typically prefers, but we both thought the sauce was superb. I also tried several other dishes and was not disappointed. It was definitely a nice experience.The one negative I can think of was that the floor in the area we were seated was uneven. It's a minor gripe, and may have stood out more to me due to the cramped seating (as the whole fam was crowded around the table)
2	We ordered food here as we walked around the area. The place was dead (should have been a red flag). The chicken wings he brought out as our appetizer still had hairs all over them, super gross, it doesn't take that much time to remove and just showed the quality of the food, the lo mein tasted old and unfresh, and my cousin in law found hair in her white rice. Gnarly!  Eat at your own risk.
1	This food was unbearable once again. I got it a 5 this time and it was hotter than before. Instead of using my napkin to wipe away residual tso sauce, I had to use it to dab sweat off my head. I told my friends about this place and we all ordered a 5 general tso. Well all three of ours were drenched in lava sauce. And they forgot my can of mt dew
1	I thought I'd already reviewed this hole, but it just seems I'd written a tip warning everyone to stay away. So I'll write a review to stay away. Just stay away, bad food, don't come here, move on. To be totally serious, I've had the food twice, once in house, the previous time it was take out. I ordered the vegetable fried rice for the take out meal. Seemed overly salty and lacked the umami essence. Which leads to the time I ate in...Lord, my chicken tasted like ammonia, I ordered the lemon chicken with brown rice. Seriously my diced chicken not only had the flavor of ammonia but smelled like a bottle of Windex. The waiter (owner,chef?) came over to see if me and my date were okay, I told him the chicken tasted funny. My date said the sweet and sour pork tasted fine. He took my chicken away. Then came back and asked me if I wanted something else from the beef or pork section of the menu. Whoop Whoop Whoop!!! Danger! Danger Will Robinson!! That set my mind in gear that he took chicken off the menu that fast. I played it safe and ordered vegetable fried rice (this might have been the reason I turned vegan!) I paid the bill and left, never to return! Blech!
