5	Al was very professional.  I like that he came in and showed me a sample of how clean the floors would get.  So when I decided to uses his services, he started the job and let me see how the cleaning was going.  He didn't like the progess but I thought it looked nice.  At the end the floors looked great.
5	Excellent results and extreme professionalism. Carpet cleaning, tile and grout cleaning and upholstery! Satisfied customer.
5	Just had the carpets cleaned and boy can I say there is a difference!!!! My carpets look brand new again:) There is a difference between quanity and quality. I love how they took their time and gave me quality service. There was NO RUSH!!! It smells very refreshing as well. I will continue to use this amazing company!
5	My carpets hadn't been cleaned in the 5 years we've lived in our house (we always take our shoes off before going upstairs) but they were just so pale and icky that I finally gave in.  Was referred by a friend and SO GLAD I was!  Our carpets look incredible and feel fluffy and amazing.  I literally just wanted to walk around upstairs all day the next day because it was so nice on my feet.  The price was reasonable too and though he was very thorough, it took only about an hour for my entire upstairs and stairs.  I wish phone communication was just a little more clear with maybe a confirmation for our appointment as well would have made me feel better.  There was a scheduling issue but he made it later in the day.  We are very happy with the service!  :)
5	We had dog pee stains all over our carpet and now it looks like the carpet is brand new. He did a really good and our stairs we're black and nasty and he got them as clean as he could. I would definitely recommend this company. The owner was professional and kept in touch with me when he was gonna arrive and confirming the show up date.
5	This company is extremely professional. I called around 10am as I had been dog sitting...he was able to get to my house by 2pm. He gave me an honest quote. He went out of his way to treat every spot. Extremely nice and did an amazing job. I would highly recommend him to anyone and will definitely be calling him as soon as I need my carpet or tile cleaned again.
5	I have used Adolfo from Fresh Start carpet cleaning twice now and both times the service and results have been excellent. I first used them about a year and a half ago to remove the stains from a sectional couch. My dog had torn open lip-gloss and it went everywhere. I could not get the stains out myself so I called Fresh Start and he cleaned the entire sectional, looking back to brand new . I then used him this week to clean my carpets in the upstairs of my three-bedroom home. My carpet wasn't in too bad of shape, however I have white carpets and had normal traffic wear with a few pet stains. Both types of stains were removed. His work was excellent and his price was fair.
5	Absolutely AMAZING job.  Just purchased a new home and checked out Yelp for carper cleaners in the valley.  I couldn't have gotten anyone better.  Adolfo was prompt and did an absolutely wonderful job.  He took his time and really made sure the carpet was as clean as possible.  Thank you SO MUCH Adolfo.  You have a new lifetime customer!!!
5	I can't say enough about how great Fresh Start is! They cleaned my carpets before I moved out of my previous house. I had a bad ink bottle stain and puppy accident stains. They got everything out, even replaced a patch of carpet for me that matched the rest of the house. I got all my deposit back from the landlord! Today they cleaned my new house (more puppy accidents) the carpets look great! Great price, great cleaning, great people!
5	I'ven been working with Frest Start for 2 years.  Having commercial locations serviced every three months or so.  I trust him alone in the stores after hours, i trust him to do an excellent job, and his prices are fair.  He always calls me to remind me when I am due for service.  Excellent tile cleaning too!
5	Excellent carpet cleaning service! Adolfo was perfectly professional and very nice. We live with 2 dogs and three cats and he managed to make the carpets look (and smell) as good as new. Would definitely recommend to anyone in the valley.
5	Adolfo is so polite and helpful ! First of all they did a great job on shampooing my carpets for the holidays. They are the only company that rakes  the carpet to help it stand up and dry sooner . Adolfo is very careful of your home, and respectful.  Then, my brat of a dog got trapped for less than half an hour in a spare bedroom and literally tore the carpet up at the doorway ! So they came and fixed it beautifully ! I was so stressed out about being ready for holiday company , and they were fast and courteous . I would recommend them for shampooing or repairs.
5	Once again our carpet looks great and our house smells wonderful! Thanks again for doing a wonderful job and fitting us in on short notice!
