3	Well, I decided to start the year off right. And go to Church. I have to admit I hadn't been to Church in quite awhile. Such a sin. I know. I didn't get all dressed up but I did do the sign of the cross when I entered Church's. Oh. I meant to say Church's earlier in the review. Not church. My bad. How silly. What a silly yelper am I? Church's. You know. Double battered fried chicken. Deep fried okra. Powderd mashed potatoes. And the mac n cheese. Why the latter is indeed heavenly. And a sin at the same time. I'm not gonna compare the grease sticks here to the grease sticks at KFC or Popeye's. All kinda the same to me. But I can tell you the offering from Church's soaked up the booze from ringing out 07 the night before. Grease be with you. And also with you.
3	I'm really surprised at how Church's has turned themselves around.  In the eighties it was a hot new property that was opening stores all over the place. I guess over-expansion hit; and didn't they go bankrupt? Anyway, we came to this location recently and really enjoyed the food. They have a sign inside that states they were judged better then Popeye's.  Now, I find it unusually that a franchise would mention a competitor when you have already made the decision to go there and eat.  Made me wonder where the nearest Popeye's is located???  But the food was really very good.  And maybe, just maybe as good as Popeye's.
2	Stopped in here for a 2-Piece Meal for lunch today & specified FOR HERE when the cashier gal asked me.  Soon, a guy appeared from the back with my meal packaged TO GO.  I nicely reminded him that it was for here, & he shoved a tray at me with a big serving of attitude!     :-OWent to wash my hands & there were no paper towels in the bathroom, & not even one of those air blowers!     :-OCHURCH'S CAN DO A LOT BETTER THAN THIS!!     :-((
5	They got what I need and it costs a lot less than that old racist southern gnetleman's secret sauce recipe that's probably full of sawdust anyways.Although, this is the most ghetto Church's Chicken in town.
3	I waited over a year to return to this Church's because the staff here was pretty bad last time.  I barely gave it 2 Stars then even though I liked the food.  (See previous Review.)Things were a little better today.  This place is still not up to many of the other Church's in the Valley, but at least there were paper towels in the bathroom and the employees I encountered today, although certainly not perky, at least weren't rude like the jerk they had working in there last time.     :-|The actual food, a Spicy Leg & Thigh + Mashed Potatoes & Gravy + a Biscuit & honey was delicious...  & all this for only $1.99 with coupon.     :-)
3	Poor employees. Nice, but really as dumb as a sack of hammers. It is what it is I guess.Service in the DT was mind numbingly SLOW, but the food was good, hot and correct.
5	All I can say is "Finger Lickin Good." This location is always fast and friendly. My experience here has always been walk-in to carry out. It is a busy location but the ladies have it all covered. The restaurant is clean, organized and smells sooooo good. Church's for those who don't know is all chicken. Fried Chicken from on the bone to strips. Along with traditional sides such as mash potatoes, fries, fried okra and much more.
2	Staff was slow. The guy at the counter didn't understand the concept of a coupon and charged us regular price. We didn't bother with arguing over it because there was a line building behind us. The location isn't the best location. A lot of people that came in wanted to use the restroom but knew the rule of having to purchase something in order to use the facilities. Next time I crave chicken I'd go to a different location.
4	Time for fast food and fried chicken.  The line was short and got served promptly.  The skin is always nice and crunchy . The chicken is not overcooked.  They offer good coleslaw and mashed potatoes and  gravy
