5	Winco has two other locations in the east valley and this one is my favorite so far.I went there today for their grand opening and was very happy to see their store was clean and well stocked. They sent a mailer with coupons for free cake, brownie and frosting mix and they had plenty of those left around 4:30 pm!I love shopping their bulk foods section, you can always find those rare items for great prices.Having Winco so close by is great, now I can get all my groceries and don't have to make the long drive to San Tan area or east Mesa.Just like at other Winco stores you will have to bag your own groceries, but it's worth it for the prices!
1	Add to the list of "what makes winco different " that they don't take credit cards. Unfortunately they don't make this abundantly clear in the store. Hopefully you'll read this review before you embarrass yourself in the store in front of a line of shoppers like me. Humiliated. 1st visit. Last visit.
1	No credit cards here.  Be prepared for some embarrassment. The address is wrong here. It's in gilbert not chandler
2	2 stars for the prices onlyWinco clientele, based on my visit:Fat people on scootersPeople with no teeth or missing front teethPeople with no mannersPeople with lots of kidsPeople with very little moneyPeople using EBT cards like crazyI will try again, but not sure it is worth the trip for lower prices based on the experience.
4	Really great huge shopping center. Like Costco, but without the membership. That also includes the 'no credit card' policy- so bring cash or your debit card! Really great pricing on their products though and usually worth it compared to the 1% cash back from your credit card
3	To reiterate the comments of Jim W. ----THEY DO NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS!----  This is not a store I would go out of my way for, but will continue to stop by for a few small items on my way to Costco.Know your prices!  You can "score" big here, but then like a slot machine "play it all back" by purchasing items that are way over priced.  Just grab the bargains and go....understanding you will have to bag your own items which for me is a major drawback to doing any serious shopping.And yes, as Jim W. wrote...the store is in Gilbert not Chandler.  It's next door to Costco on Arizona Avenue (Country Club) between Guadalupe and Baseline.
4	It's BIGGER, CLEANER, and much CHEAPER than Wal-Mart.  You can actually see the savings rolling off your receipts after shopping there.  I'm definitely going to shop there more often.  The Wal-marteers know they now got competition.  Hence, the Savings Catcher propaganda. Er, I mean program.
5	I LOVE this store been shopping with this company for 16 yrs!!! They have the best bulk section in the entire valley!!
5	Great prices, friendly staff! Only one in area to carry the yogurt I love and a great variety of beer!!!
