5	On a not-so-typical Saturday, my husband wakes up and can not move. Well okay, not full out paralysis, after all my hunky monkey is a weight lifting stud who takes pretty good care of himself...but his back was not allowing his lower body to move without pain. So we rush, all ambulance style to the chiropractor before he closes and are told that the big man has a serious back strain for which he must rest. We go out to the fine little cab that is my 07 Accord, hubby walking like a 90 year old and the car will not start. WTF? Did I mention the hunk was also a grease monkey at one point in time? Oh yeah, he says, its dead. Summoning my charm to the Tempe Muni guys who had just pulled up for lunch at Jason's, they gave us a jump AND refused to let us buy them lunch. Big love to them...Raced down the street to Purcell's where we pulled in and 20 minutes later [hubby still in car, playing solitare on his phone and waiting patiently to be medicated] had a new battery!The manager is from Beantown - he and the mechanic who installed could not have been nicer. Speedy in, speedy out [on a Saturday, no less] and most importantly, no bullshit. Would go back there in a flash -
1	I was studying for finals and so driving back and forth to campus a lot.  All of a sudden one evening my car's coolant light went on.  I take care of my car and so was concerned about the light.  I took it into Purcells where they proceeded to tell me that my car might overheat and explode if I continued to drive it, thus making me their captive.  I called my fiancee and told him the deal.  A couple hours later Purcells contacted me and said the engine needed repair and would cost around $900.  I asked if there were any sort of discounts and they said no.  Then when my fiancee went in they magically made it only cost $700.  I still don't think anything was wrong with my engine after all is said and done, but just paid them and went on my way, vowing to never come back.
1	So, my car had been vibrating for about a week and I thought I needed an alignment so I took it to the nearest place I could find that did alignments, after price checking around.  Turns out their prices are about average for that kind of thing so I went to them.  After they looked it over they said my steering gear assembly was bad and that my tires were moving almost 4 inches independently of one another!  Because of this the alignment wouldn't be any good until I got it fixed.  They also said my front 2 tires were bad and needed to be replaced (which was true, I knew that for a while).  Safe to say, I was scared for my car!  They quoted me $921.60 for everything.Luckily I never do anything without a second opinion so I dropped in on my family mechanic, Bill at Black Canyon Automotive, in North Phoenix while I was in the neighborhood the next day.  He put it on the lift, he brought me under the car with him and he pointed out that there was nothing wrong with the steering gear, the tires were moving perfectly with one another, and an alignment wasn't the issue.  The vibration was from a bubble in my front driver side tire because one of the tires belts was broken.  I went to Discount Tire, got 2 new tires, and all was well for only $200!Thinking back I realize how bold faced the lie Purcell's fed me was.  I mean, if my tires were moving 4 inches independently of one another the car couldn't make it out of the parking lot, forget about slight vibrations over 65MPH!These guys are liars and crack pots!  Avoid them!
2	I called around to locate and get price quotes for specific tires with an "out the door" price including mounting and balancing. Purcell quoted less expensive than the rest. I agreed, made an appointment and they ordered the tires. When I got there they tried to sell me the scam tire insurance (It only adds replacement coverage for the 2% of punctures which are not repairable, and only at their chain) and I declined. The price which I was quoted was not the price I paid. They had two individual itemized charges for both balancing and for tire disposal and added a materials fee. It was about $70.00 over the "out the door" price, which became more expensive the last time I purchased identical tires elsewhere and competitor's phone quotes. They opened my hood and poked around while I was not present without my permission, then tried to convince me to have them do additional work which they described as dire. There is NO reason to open my hood during a tire transaction. It took almost two hours to change four tires despite an appointment and not being busy. This week I got a coupon in the mail, since they also added me to their mailing list without asking. I won't be using it. I'll give them some credit, though- they didn't take a chunk out of my rim like discount tire did with their rushed work. There is obviously a reason why business is slow for this shop when the scammable ASU students are away and why they have no reputation on Yelp. I gave two stars because the product itself is what I asked for and they were installed properly. They did do something right.
