3	I don't indulge in anything other than the coffee.  I'm originally from NY and grew up on DnD so I am extremely pleased to find more and more cropping up in these parts.  I've been through the drive through about 10 times so far.  Only once was it a loooong wait and they all seemed very, very frazzled by the time I made it around from ordering to paying. But all in all, every other time has been quick and painless and my coffee has been delicious.
4	It's 8 AM and I am on my way to school, there is good old faithful Mickey D's or Dunkin Donuts, which one has better coffee??No doubt about it. Dunkin Donuts has some of the best coffee around. I love that they've even started selling it in grocery stores. I keep getting sidetracked. So this Dunkin Donuts opened not too long ago, but still they are continuously busy and I've never had a bad experience with them. Their donuts have always been fresh and the service is very prompt. I will continue to get my early morning coffee here because it is conveniently located between my home and the ASU West Campus.
3	The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because of the polite counter staff. I'm from MA, and actually grew up in the town where the first Dunkin Donuts opened.  I set the bar very high when it comes to expectations. I don't expect perfection but I expect it to be decent- it's the same blend.I got an iced coffee, which can be a challenge even in a good Dunkies. Most brew the coffee and keep the stuff to be iced at room temp or refrigerated. Occasionally you'll run across one that doesn't do that. The result is hot coffee poured over a ton of ice. Makes for weak and tepid coffee. Also, the ones who do it well melt the sugar on the bottom before adding the ice so that the sugar gets mixed and doesn't just sit on the bottom. There is no gray area- iced coffee is pass/fail. This one failed. Watery, sugar on bottom, and the ice melted in about 5 min. I hate that.I had tried to play it safe and get a Coolatta but the machine was down. The server apologized though, was polite and friendly. When I mentioned how nice it was to see franchises popping up in AZ she said that she heard that the ones here were different. Less donuts. That is one of the reasons it got 3 stars. They only had 2 types of Munchkins (horrors!) and about 12 different donuts, all variations of the first. They had no butternut. Horrifying. The inside looked a lot like a Starbucks, which could be a good thing I suppose. The prices are equal to or less than the Boston ones. $2.09 for a large iced coffee is damn good- makes the watery part almost tolerable. It's a pet peeve that they don't know what you mean if you order your coffee regular. That means with cream and sugar. I guess here that means black. Oh well.The server said that people ordered it as regular a lot and now she understood why they were annoyed. Thanked me for the heads up.She called me maa'm which I will forgive bc she doesn't know that ma'am makes me feel old.So, the 2 solid things that make Dunkies great- decent cheap coffee and about 50 different donut choices are not here, but I haven't found them at any ones in AZ yet. I'm crossing my fingers- maybe some day a Bostonian will come out here and open one.
4	the iced coffer here gets me wired for sound!!
4	Iced pumpkin coffee and pumpkin donuts...and now kCups!doesn't get any better than this!
3	This is a review of the customer service, of course Dunkin has great coffee, so I can't complain there.  We were not treated rude, actually they were pretty nice to my Mommy-in-law and I. But there were clearly LAZY.  Two times we have stopped in long before closing, but were either asked to move from the patio or the patio was closed up early.  They act like showing up past dark is a problem for them.  They don't close till 9, so don't act like you are about to wrap up the day an hour early...
3	I would give this location 5 stars...fast drive through and my drink was delicious!  However, I don't know how me ordering a raspberry peach iced tea warrants an attitude and opinion.  Girl at the drive thru questioned me twice when I was ordering and then made a comment to me that my order was "weird".  Flavored teas are known to be mixed...try it before you knock it! ;-)
5	I like going there every Friday morning before work. It's a great start to the day. I love the iced caramel latte's. This location is always clean and there quick to get the order done! I like to complete the survey at the bottom of the receipt, you get a free donut!! OHH YEAA!!
2	Awkward to say the least. We have frequented this location several times because it is close to our weekend errands. On several occurrences there is a female manager working and she seems to hate life as we know it. She is always yelling at her co workers and making your dinning experience feel weird for sure. I called her out on it at the last time we stopped and she said it was because she was up at 3 am that day, ummm you work at a breakfast place, you have to get up early, duh. Beyond that the food and coffee are always great but the place is hardly ever clean. So I would take your food and leave if you can.
4	This is one of the more consistent Dunkin' Donuts in my part of town. My drinks are almost always made delicious and they are very friendly and fast at the drive-through. The food is always hot and fresh! It's also a great place to meet a few friends and catch up.
5	Favorite dunkin donuts aroundd. Their coffee is always delicious and they've never been out of anything before. Friendly workers as welll
1	Blech! Gross coffee and terrible service.Went through the drive-through this morning. Ordered the usual - large iced hazelnut coffee with skim milk and splenda. Apparently, this location has a hard time making what the customer orders. My coffee was watered down and there was next to no milk it in. Customer service was the worst. Whoever was taking orders was fine - but the window girl was a whole different story. I get up to the window, say "Hi!" with a smile, only to be told, "2.59". Gee, thanks...I hand over my $5 bill, she gives me my change and slams the window closed. A few minutes later, she hands me my watered down coffee while talking to another girl working there. Not a "thanks for stopping by!" or even a "bye!"I'll never return to this Dunkin, even if it's on my way to work!
1	I come here pretty often, first time reviewing it.My server was Alli . I'm a coconut addict so the flavor shots are awesome. I got a 99 cent coffee with liquid sugar and a double shot of coconut with cream. Cheap coffee bagels are great. I always get the everything bagels with veggie schmear. I want to give a full 5 star rating but the parking is hard sometimes. It's not really dunkin donuts' fault, its on the contractors that built it. Sometime I have to park by the sushi place and then walk over. Motorcycle parking is also very hard here, non existent in fact. Also sometimes there's issues with the staff being able to hear your order because of the acoustics of the room. But don't get me wrong the staff here are darlings and are very happy to keep you happy. The WiFi isn't great either, if you connect to it expect to not get anywhere online. Also the mocha "coolatta" , to me tastes like a glop of sugar and coffee in a cup, no offense.
2	Great coffee and food. However apple fritters are only made in the mornings between 6 and 7am? My problem is I come with my parents and they have AARP cards which will give them a discount on coffee and a donut. They won't combine two AARP card discounts, but they won't tell you that when you're checking out.FYI : The new chicken biscuit is good, very flavorful. But $3 is high for a very tiny sandwich that looks nothing like what the poster looks like.
4	Sigh....so, contrary to what I wrote in the previous review, I HAVE returned to this Dunkin (many times, in fact). They have since been very pleasant, and the coffee has been delicious (pumpkin iced coffee - yay!). I am guessing that the first time I stopped by was just an off day.
3	Great, but please fix the wifi.
1	Who doesn't love Dunkin donuts?! However cashier rude about using coupons and when I visit donuts I want they are never available & manager doesn't even care ! It sad
4	Great coffee. Please fix the wifi.
