3	If you are into anything having to do with coca cola this retail store might do the job. Its located on the strip near tge m&m world. Inside this store were clothing articles like shirts and caps with the coke insignia. Myself i was hoping to find discounted coke drinks but bo such luck
4	First time I've been to this store. There was so much Coca-cola products. We tried the 16 types of cola in different countries. It was interesting. I mean some tasted good and some were just..eh..But it was fun. It's only $7 to try 16 cola, so not bad.
4	Many things to do here from shopping for many of the different Coca-Cola products such as different pieces of clothing to taking pictures with the Coca-Cola polar bear which I thought was pretty cool.  They have many different things to shop for here like shirts, underwear, and other pieces of clothing.  They also have here a drink called Tab.  This is the first ever diet soda (I was told by one of the workers who explained to me in detail about this drink).  It does not taste like your average diet soda, but much better!  I am surprised that soda companies urged away from this delicious recipe and created diet sodas that do not taste good at all.  They have other memorabilia to shop for here as well; everything from kitchenware to postcards.  Near the escalator to the second floor, you will find a huge polar bear that I can not describe except by saying there is someone inside the suit and moves like something you might find producers using in their movies.  You can take pictures with it using your own camera or you have the option of buying photos from them which you can pick up in the booth located right after getting off the escalator to the second floor.Upstairs you will find the booth to pick up the pictures you took with the polar bear downstairs.  After that you can find more things to shop for, but what I thought was most memorable about the second floor was trying the 16 different types of colas from around the world.  A word of caution to the wise, be very careful when drinking the Italian one.  One word is only suitable to describe that flavor: disgusting.  The others were interesting and downright weird.  However there were one or two that was not too bad.This store is a must when you are in Vegas.  My family enjoyed the Cola stuff I bought at the store, the misses and I will always remember the 16 flavors, and it's not too far from the strip.  Just five to ten minutes from Planet Hollywood.  Aloha with plenty of yelp power!!
3	I was expecting more. I have been to Vegas 9 times and never went in this store. One cool thing happened it was the fact that a giant Coke bear came out and could not see due to the costume and almost fell down the escalator. LOL I mean its escort could have been more careful. The bears head was all hitting displays and stuff. I had to watch the whole thing just waiting for something to happen.
4	SOO COOL! defintely worth the walk from the hotel. I would definitely recommend getting the 7 flavors sampler.
4	must see stop for all ages in Vegas where you can try 16 flavors around the world!!!! Also, don't be shy about taking a picture with the famous coca-cola bear!
4	I came here for the Around the World Sampler, which is 16 sample cups of Coca-Cola beverages from, well, around the world. It's the most fun you can have for $7, either in Vegas or possibly anywhere (but I'm in my late 30s and my standards are kind of low these days). I was expecting little Costco-sized sample cups, but the amount they give you of each beverage is substantial. Four people could easily share one sampler and get a good taste of each. There's only one I thought was actually disgusting, and I will sadistically not tell you which one.Beyond the cafe, it's a very large souvenir store. Not surprisingly, the items they sell are VERY expensive. $40 for a pair of pajama pants, $40 for a Coke bear, $10 for a lip balm sampler. I think this store is missing a golden opportunity by not having a machine that will custom-print a Share a Coke With... bottle for you. I have a kid with an unusual name and I would have paid their insane prices to bring home a bottle with his name on it. I'm not negatively reviewing the store for that, I just think it would be neat.
4	The merchandise is slightly overprices since you can get Coca-Cola clothing items and such at department stores for cheap. The cool thing about this place is the upstairs! You can try 16 different Coca-Cola soft drinks from around the world for $8. Be sure to have some water though. While some were good, there was 3 that were not so tolerable. I will leave the surprise to you. I was able to share the sampler with a group of 4. Overall, an interesting experience but I'm sure glad we don't have some of those soft drink products in the states!
4	Tasting the different flavors of Coca Cola from around the world is one of the coolest experiences I have had. My guy friend and I would take turns for who would try each flavor first and we went down the list that we were given. Some of them made us cringe but, as we cringed we made short-term friends within the seating area. We are locals and we were laughing and sharing chocolates with tourists which made it so awesome! The employees working behind the counter where you order the drinks were very nice and quick to explain everything. We even had a lovely conversation with a kind housekeeping employee. The price was very reasonable for small cups of all of the different flavors. This place is definitely worth the visit!I would say the the only con is that you need to park at another hotel and walk to this location since it does not have it's own parking but, walking 10 minutes on the Las Vegas strip isn't too bad!
2	So coke is coke and I like it as soda goes.  But this place they have set up isn't about how great the product is.  We know how it is.  This is about the experience and having fun.  I came here with 2 other adults and 4 kids ranging from 3 to 12 and while some of our group went to find seats a few of us stayed to order.  The kids wanted their own coke floats and we wanted to try the Combo special which includes the Around the World Sampler and the Float sampler.  This SAMPLER has 32 samples all together.  A lot of soda?  Yes.  But it's not about finishing it all but trying them.  The girl taking our order seemed very annoyed with the fact that we ordered so much soda, probably because we wouldn't finish it.  Of course we aren't going to finish it!  Most of it tasted too weird for us anyways.  It's to try and Experience something different.  She kept deterring us from getting it, even when I just told her to give it to us. We eventually ordered it from another person but we were pretty aggravated initially bc of this girl.  SO.  Service was abominable. But the World Sampler was fun.
5	We always stop here b4 we head back home, I recommend the Around The World Float Tray. You can buy shirts n stuff or $11 bottle openers but who comes here for that.
