5	The best place for all your eyecare needs. Not only is this place convenient--it's in the plaza right next to the Walmart Grocery Store on Stephanie and American Pacific Drive (across from the DMV)--it has two of the nicest opticians on staff. When a friend of mine went to get his eyes checked with the optometrist (Dr. Tran), I tagged along because I wanted a new pair of glasses. I had gone in on two separate occasions to try on various glasses and David and Kim did not mind and even made suggestions. They never once made me feel pressured to buy anything unlike so many optometry places I've been to! In fact, they helped me make decisions about my frames and lenses that would be beneficial to ME, financially and aesthetically. They are funny and just really nice people, making the whole experience so pleasant. They also have quick turnaround time on lenses (just a few hours)! I would recommend this place to anyone who wants excellent customer service. I will definitely be coming back!
5	I really enjoyed the time that I spent here. With my past experience going to the optometrist, I've always felt pressured to do and buy the things they were trying to promote. Here, there is no such pressure; instead, it is one of the friendliest place I have ever been to. Customer service is GREAT all around. I find that the workers are very honest and they suggest things that they feel would be more beneficial for me since I am a full time student. They are quick to offer a helping hand, but do not linger around you like a hawk, like most places do when trying to sell you things. They are apologetic when they are busy and having to make you wait for their service, even when it's 5 seconds! Dr. Tran takes the time to explain every thing that she is doing and answers any questions you might have. She does not leave your side until you fully understand what is going on and the choices you have. Again, no pressure to buy any certain product or to do any extra procedures. She is very nice and understanding. The best thing about this place is that they made me feel that I was in charged and they are providing service to me. I can't say that to a lot of places I have been to. David, Kim, and Dr. Tran are the best.
5	My favorite eye center out of many in Las Vegas.  Dr. Tran is amazing and very patience.  I spent way too long asking her questions and she patiently answered all of them.  She actually lowered my prescription from what the other two eye centers had prescribed me and I now have less headaches.  This eye center is not as busy as say a lenscrafters on eastern ave, so I prefer going here.  The store is clean and easy find.  Best part is they are open to 7 pm to accommade people that work!!
5	Great place for all your eye care needs! From the eye exam, to explaining my insurance coverage, and placing my contact lens order, they were efficient, very friendly, and informative.I'll definitely come back! :)
5	Perfect. Really. They're perfect. The location is conveniently next to my apartment complex, but I would travel a decent amount of time to come and have them manage my contact lense and glasses examinations. Why you may ask? CUSTOMER SERVICE. This office knows the importance of customer service compared to other big name companies AND their prices are VERY reasonable for glasses.I loved my doctor. She was very informative, straight to the point and thorough. Then I went outside to pick out my glasses. The gentleman did not breathe down my neck, try to upsell me, was very informative and gave his opinion if I asked for it and was honest. I picked out my glasses in 5 minutes, ordered the glasses in 10 minutes and was out of there after the appointment within 45 minutes. YES PLEASE! Plus, I walked out spending $300 less on equal-quality glasses and lenses compared to the damage and utter bank account destruction I received after walking out of Lenscrafters. Nobody will complain about that, plus, the service absolutely justified the prices in every way.I will come here until the day we leave this wonderful desert. I LOVE offices that focus on customer satisfaction because they know that we Yelp and refer our friends. Also, they are just honestly good people, and I appreciate how warm, friendly and caring they were - it is truly wonderful to walk into an office and know that I will be taken care of and that I am in good hands. GO HERE. YOU WILL LOVE THEM TOO!
5	Perfect~! Dr. Tran Is a very intelligent woman. She specializes in Astigmatism and is able to explain any questions you may have. I was finally able to get a correct prescription! The prices on the glasses and contact solution were the best of anywhere I have been/Called. I fully recommend this place! The Customer service of everyone in the office from the time I walked in was great :) Perfect!
5	Being new to the Las Vegas area, we relied on the reviews on Yelp after having bad experience else where. The staff is very professional and friendly. We got a much better price than we would have gotten at the larger chain store.
5	Run don't walk to this incredible establishment. The owner treats you like family and just when I didn't think it could get any better I met Dr. Van Tran when I need an eye exam and I've been a patient ever since. When I had a medical problem with my eye Dr. Tran handled it effortlessly. I love her chair side manner, she's awesome and so is the owner, David who clearly has a passion for optometry. The type of care I received reminded me of when I was growing up in Brooklyn. Back in the day, people cared and made sure you were completely satisfied and when you left they knew you'd be back soon and would tell your friends. Their wonderful selection of eye glasses for men, women and kids ranges from mid price to top designers like Versace. But I noticed that the styles they have... I haven't seen anywhere else.
5	Great place! David was very helpful. After looking thru the entire store, trying on lots of glasses, I ended up purchasing the two he originally picked for me. Nice. He explained what size frame would both look good on my face shape as well as which frames would cosmetically carry my high powered lenses. They turned out very nicely. Better than I expected. Prices were very reasonable and they accepted my insurance. Bravo!!
5	After reading all the glowing reviews, I decided to make an appointment.  Very happy with the price - much less than I was paying for lenses at LensCrafters and EyeMasters.  Very happy with the service and selection of eyeglass frames.  I highly recommend checking this place out!
5	After reading all these 5 Star reviews I figured these had to be fabricated  and written by by the owners/employees of the store.  No way could everyone just love this place !Well I decided to call and see for myself.  I made an appt. with Dr Tran for an eye exam.   My eye exam was extremely reasonably priced and was done very comfortably and proffesionally by Dr. Tran.  She was very informative and explained everything.  She spent all the time needed to address all my questions and I left her office confident that I was on the road to better vision.I then went to the front of the store where Custom Eye has all their frames displayed.  Wendy was very helpful directing me to just what I was looking for.After picking out two sets of frames I was pleasantly suprised to hear that David the Optician would have them ready the same day!  I had one regular pair made and one dark tinted sunglasses.Both came out perfect !!!Bottom line....spent less than I expected, received the best service anyone could expect, and will be going back soon to get another pair.Thank You Wendy and David !!!
5	I came in for a contact lens fitting.  I came out a happy patient.  I had expected to walk in and be greeted with, "Hi.  Sign in.  Sit down.  Wait.  The doctor will be with you." In and out. No personality.   Nope!  I must admit I was taken by surprise when I was greeted with a warm smile and an associate led me to the back to sign in and fill out some paperwork. After some chit-chat with the associate, Dr.  Tran appeared shortly after and took me in for my eye exam.What set Dr. Tran apart from optometrists I had seen before was her personality and her genuine willingness to explain and educate me through every step of my eye exam.  This definitely put me in a comfortable position and gave me confidence to be in her care.  Dr. Tran was very personable and offered me advice when it came to purchasing contact lenses and brands she would personally recommend.  I was her last appointment of the day, yet she took so much time to answer any questions I had.  Much appreciated.  The staff were exceptional and very helpful.  My overalll experience was pretty damn awesome.  You had me at hello.
5	I had an emergency today with my existing glasses and had previously had a great experience with my children being seen and outfitted here. So I called and was able to be seen by the doctor within 30 minutes. First, she graciously fixed my glasses without even being asked!! How awesome is that! Dr Tran then took me in and gave me my exam and answered all my questions about progressive bi-focals versus just getting reading glasses. After asking me questions on how I use my glasses and what I was more comfortable doing, she recommended getting 2 separate types of glasses and conducted my exam knowing thats what I was going to do and writing the prescription to fit the different style of lenses.  She also took the time to explain the different techniques for examining the back of my eye, full dialation vs having an electronic exam. I chose the electronic exam and was actually able to see a picture of my retinas. The best part of that is that I didn't have to have drops and blurry vision for a few hours.I was a very happy camper after that portion of my visit and was scared for the next portion, purchasing new frames and lenses. The young lady who assisted me was very courteous and answered my questions regarding the different frames available. She then gave me a detailed explanation of the costs associated with the lenses and the different options available. I was able to order my "readers" and they had my prescription in stock, so I will have my 1st pair of glasses today!The overall experience from walking in the door until I was done was very pleasant. I will return here for all of my families needs for as long as they are in business.
5	Great customer service! The doctor was very patient.
5	This is a great place! I went after reading all the reviews and thought I'd give it a try! The staff is very friendly and helpful without being pushy! The eye doctor was amazing and very knowledgable also very friendly and personal able.Once I picked out some glasses I was amazed at the price! Cheaper than anywhere I've ever been! I got two pairs with the no glare and plastic lenses for 250! I've paid over 400 for just one pair in the past.But wait there's more! The best part yet...THEY WERE READY THE SAME DAY! They called me within an hour and a half to tell me my glasses were ready for pick up! How awesome is that?! It's a one stop shop with quality and great service.And of course as another little bonus. They give you a little bottle of lens cleaner and free refills for life whenever it's empty!I'll always go here and refer all my friends!
5	I went here based on the Yelp reviews and they were all correct!  Dr. Tran was beyond knowledgable.  I have an astigmatism in both eyes and macular degeneration in one eye.  She knew right off the top of her head all the options in contact lens brands available to me, the materials they are made of and the price points of each.  She never made me feel like I was neglectful of my eyes or a pity case, which I have had with several other optometrists.  She was so positive and informative.I checked 1800contacts.com for pricing and Custom Eyes was cheaper then the online giant!In the front of the store, David gave superior customer service.  He was exceptionally patient and accommodating as I selected a pair of frames.  Then, he gave me an amazing price on lenses.A spectacular doctor and retail experience!
5	I needed to get some new glasses, but had used my insurance benefit for contacts (I get one or the other, but not both) so I went on the search for affordable glasses. I came across reviews for Custom Eyes- could it be true this place is as good as claimed? So I went by to check it out. And yes, this place is great. The staff is friendly and they have a wide variety of frame styles to choose from including fancy "fashion" brands like Prada. The newest frames are up in front, but off to the side they have a selection of frames that are past years styles (with brands like Nike, guess, etc) and deep discount prices. I selected a pair of the "discount" frames made by Ellen Tracy. I got my lenses ordered and was out the door for less than $150 for frames AND lenses (lightweight poly-lenses, scratch & glare protection). They normally can make your glasses same day on-site, but they didn't have my lenses in stock that day, so I did have to wait a few days to pick them up. But paying $150 vs paying well over $400 for glasses without insurance at places like LensCrafters was well worth the wait. I will definitely be going back to these folks for all my eyeglass needs.
5	Never been to an eye place as good as this. Frames are less expensive than other place I've been to and they are stylish. They have safety glasses that decent and professional (safety glasses are rarely in fashion...).  The eye doctor is extremely knowledgeable and understanding, and they have quick turn around in terms of getting glasses and/or contacts.I wish they were everywhere.
5	This place is a hidden gem in Henderson for eyeglasses. Staff is amazing! They go above and beyond. I had broken my  glasses and needed new ones urgently. Shout out to Kim who really made this a pleasant, pain free experience and made sure I got my glasses super fast. I will be back and will spread the word to family & friends!
5	I popped in after a visit at the DMV for something very simple-a small screw to fix the hinge on my sunglasses. I was received by 2 friendly employees and the gentleman who fixed my glasses was finished by the time I was done using the restroom. A++++
5	My whole family comes to Dr. Tran and I recently had the pleasure of seeing her myself. The location is perfectly convenient and seeing all the 5 star reviews from reputable Yelpers is a plus!Dr. Tran's office certainly earns a 5 star review. They are open late until 7pm some nights which is great for people with regular work schedules. They have a large selection of frames and their contact lense pricing is better than Costco. The staff is friendly and very accomodating. I had the pleasure of chatting with Tom, who was a delight and offered me the best deal on my contacts.Dr. Tran is very knowledgeable and thorough in her exam. She was helpful in answering my questions and concerns;  she even gave me good info on a future laser correction procedure that I'm still getting up the nerve to do (being awake and coherent while looking into a laser beam is not the easiest concept for me to embrace yet). What's great about Dr. Tran is that she also looks ahead to offer you the best solution that takes into consideration factors like your age, your habits and lifestyle. For example, she recommended I under correct one eye so that it doesn't impede on my close up vision possibly reducing future dependancy on reading glasses. I will continue to see Dr. Tran and entrust her to be my co-doctor once I'm ready for Lasik.
5	They are amazing and patient with a blind girl who is very self conscious about her glasses (that would be me). I went back twice to price compare and no one could beat their prices or the service that they offered. I have to wear special lens because I have such a high myopic prescription, with a bifocal and other problems. They took their time with me and made special glasses that fit my needs and they were not ugly like all the rest had been. Miracle workers.  Oh, and it was a good price as well. Thank you for your help.
5	This Dr was amazing ! She really took a lot of time with me & my son . My son is 11 and has Autism ,  she was great with him & didn't make him do any unnecessary testing. She got our prescriptions right on . The Custom Eyes part was great also , everybody was super nice & professional. The prices were excellent compared to other places I've been to. The only downfall is we both picked out frames off the clearance rack & I'm not sure they will last long . The are a bit flimsy , but I guess you get what you pay for .
5	The people here are AMAZING! Dr. Tran is knowledgeable and willing to talk you through the whole process. David runs the front eye care center, he is kind and willing to work with your budget to get you glasses you love at a price you can afford! I will recommend them to EVERYONE!
5	Dr. Tran and Custom Eyes are FANTASTIC! I want to let EVERYONE know that if you read the negative reviews you will discover that ALL 5 are the SAME EXACT REVIEW SUBMITTED UNDER DIFFERENT NAMES. It seems this person is so bitter that they would repeatedly slander this company, under false names and pretenses instead of being a MAN and moving on. One bad review does not make a bad company, but spite can make a bad man.
3	Dr. Tran was amazing. She really took the time to explain my eyes and my eye sight. The differences of my eyes, what to-do, what not to-do. She even worked the front desk. Lol.As far as the optician goes, I wasn't very pleased. At first he didn't seem interested in me, as if I'm not willing to spend any money on glasses. Once I got his attention that I wanted to buy a pair of $300+ Oakleys, he gave me the time of day. I ordered a pair of women's Oakleys from a catalog. The sunglasses were for sports. Because I was ordering from a catalog, I asked a lot of questions, including me wanting two pairs of lenses. I asked over 5 times when we talked about the sunglasses, that I wanted two pairs of lenses, one prescription, and one non-prescription, I even included that I need both pairs to be polarized. The optician kept assuring me that I would receive both. Two weeks later, when I picked them up, I only received one pair of lenses (prescription), and the optician didn't even want to talk to me. So the front desk lady had to call Oakley and ask what happened, and I was informed that the particular pair I ordered don't include regular lenses because they're so new. So now I'm out $200+ because what the optician told me was incorrect. I would've gladly picked something else if I was informed this information during the time of sale, or afterwards when he placed my order for the sunglasses and two lenses (which he didn't do).I highly resommend seeing Dr. Tran, but if you're looking for anything particularly special as far as corrective glasses, I would recommend taking your prescription somewhere else.
5	We saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to check it out. They were so friendly and helpful. It was one of the best eye glass shopping and exam experiences we have had.
5	Honestly the best experience I've ever had when going to get glasses and/or contacts. Dr. Tran is amazing but so is the optician Dave and Kim too. First of all they have great prices, for people like me that don't need expensive glasses because I wear contacts more, they have a CLEARANCE rack of glasses! It was awesome. There was at least 100 pair under 50$. I think mine were $30 and they are gorgeous. On the other hand, they still have all the nice designer brands that are popular. Also, they had the best price on contacts that I have found to this day. On top of the great prices, the customer service is outstanding. Kim let me talk her ear off while waiting for my exam. She is fabulous. And Dave is so nice and personable. I love coming there just to see them. Also, I sat on my glasses and they were a little tweaked (one side was higher than the other) so I walked in (no appt.) and Dave took them in the back, straightened them out, cleaned them up, and I walked out. Took 3 minutes and didn't cost a dime. I will never go anywhere else. Thank you!
