2	Saddest Starbucks ever. There are maybe two tables inside? Also, be prepared to wait behind a long line of snowbirds in Buicks in the drive-thru.
3	This is a very busy place and not much room for sitting or hanging out. Still, Starbucks is Starbucks. Good coffee.
4	Close to my house and the servers are always cheerful and friendly.  Only gave 4 stars because it is so small and doesn't have a lot of seating inside.  But plenty outside.
2	I usually assume that all Starbucks are going to be the same. Wrong. I got a tall iced caramel macchiato and a bagel with cream cheese. I'm not sure what kind of drink this was but it wasn't what I ordered. Oh well...they made me another.  Pro.Con:  The person running the register has some serious ADD or is just plain rude. There was a lady that was placing a large order and while she was ordering, his cell phone rang!!  "hey what's up man? .... Oh nothing...just at work". The phone conversation went on for at LEAST 5 minutes. The customer just stood there staring at this kid!  It's Saturday morning and this place is hopping and the other employees see to be working hard but this one guy kind of ruined it for me and has therefore forced me to give only 2 stars.
5	My AZ home store, yahoo! Always great friendly and fast service. All the staff I have encountered are friendly and happy. LOVE IT!
3	This particular Starbucks is larger than the one at Ellsworth, however the service and staff are not as pleasant. Drinks are done well most of the time, but never feel like they are friendly as other stores are, especially when handing over a Gold Card.
3	Great store great service. I go almost daily. Never a problem. Very busy on the weekends.
5	They recently remodeled inside and arranged the products on the wall instead of  little kiosks in the middle of the room and have new seating.  Much better...and they are still really friendly.
4	this is the starbucks i go to when i need to be alone and study. i order my Cafe` Americano and set up my laptop and go. the staff are all friendly and show it when their regulars come in. the place is always clean and they never mention it even when i'm there  all the way up until closing, which isn't often, but that's why this is my favorite location!
1	Used to be fast and an enjoyable experience. Now the drive through is a twenty minute mistake every time!!!
2	I go to the Starbucks every morning because it's close to my house. But the last 4 to 5 times I have been there they have completely messed up my order. For instance if I get a toffee nut latte, or a gingerbread latte, when I actually receive my order they're just plain lattes without flavor. This is happened way too many times. I just won't go there anymore I'll Drive the extra couple miles to get my coffee right especially when I pay $4 for one Cup.
1	This is now the 6th time but I have been to the Starbucks and may have gotten my order completely wrong. I only order 1 coffee yet they can't even get that right. I guess I'm the dummy for continuing to go to that one. But I won't be going there anymore, save yourself some time and go to a different location
2	I have been to this establishment a few times because it is the closest to my home. Each time I sit in the drive thru wondering why it takes so long to make coffee beverages and what is the point of a drive THRU. However, I have gone inside as well and the service is still slow. My order has never been wrong, but I always have to leave with ample time for work. The people that work there have an okay attitude -not really super pleasant, but not rude or mean.
5	I love this Starbucks. I can't say I'm a regular, but when I go into this Starbucks the staff has always welcomed me and some of them remember me by name or at lest my drink. Reminder I come in maybe once or twice a month and my typical drink is nothing special. This location is one of the busiest location I've been into the valley. Someday early in the morning or the later afternoon they seem to be the busy.
5	This Starbucks is amazing because the baristas are always hustling! They are personable and always willing to do what is right! They fill orders with a quickness too! Libby and Keven are always willing to chat with me during my nightly stop. Their smiles can make anyone happy! I was disappointed when I moved to first shift and knew I wouldn't see them anymore.
5	This is a great Starbucks! The staff is very friendly and they have outdoor seating and a drive through. I have never received a beverage that wasn't made to my liking.
5	Love this place!!  Single Butte Starbucks provides not only the best service I have had at a Starbucks but with attention to detail and happiness doing it!!! In the neighborhood, give this Starbucks a try, you won't be disappointed!
