5	VERY CLEAN LAUNDROMAT! Amazing customer service! The laundromat is kept very clean and you'll see staff coming through often to make sure it stays well maintained. Air conditioned & great prices! They even have $1 Wednesdays! Phil is very caring, always here with a smile and makes customers feel at home and welcome. Being that I work in the customer service industry it's people like Phil who keep me coming back!
5	Looking for a place to wash a huge comforter... This place fits the bill without making me nervous while I'm there! Clean inside, decent machines and plenty of them...
3	Ok, just adequate. I came here based on the two five star reviews. This place is fine, but not five star.  It is clean, has many front loading washers, adequate folding space. It is an older place and the counters and equipment are old. There is no restroom for customers. They have commercial radio playing through terrible quality speakers in the ceiling. Would not choose this place to be my regular laundromat
5	I agree 100% with the two FIVE STAR reviewers, not the other guy...this place is FAR AND AWAY an extremely nice place to do laundry, very clean and well-maintained.  I had need of the drop-off laundry service for a very large order for an elderly lady who had fallen ill and needed assistance.  I called Phil and asked for a price quote.  He explained the pricing system (per pound charge) and when I mention a 'large' drop off order, he said up front that he might need a couple of days as he'd had several drop offs that morning.  Setting customer expectations is part of great customer service, and I appreciated it! I said the wait was fine as the person I was helping was in the hospital at the time.  I dropped off the EIGHT bags of laundry, and Phil said he would call when they were ready.  Imagine my surprise when I got a call the very next day saying all was ready! Phil had stayed late the previous evening to finish the order...that is what I call above and beyond.  Upon picking up the order, I saw that they had nicely folded most of the towels and t-shirts, but had hung on hangers the blouses and nicer items, and sheathed them in plastic.  Needless to say, the lady was thrilled when she saw everything clean and neatly folded, and what a huge help to her this had been.  I personally appreciated Phil's terrific customer service, and warm and friendly demeanor.  Highly recommend the place, and would absolutely come here again myself!  If they had six stars, I would give six! :)
5	Found myself having to search for laundromats when my washer broke, and the one nearest me was so packed I ended up here. Glad I did though, it's clean and the gentleman at the desk was friendly. Plenty of machines and on Wednesday they do dollar washes on some of their machines. I don't know how long my washer's out for but gladly go here until it's fixed.
