3	It is what it is. Inexpensive. And as long as you don't need pampering (or completely spotless towels) you'll be fine. I saw other comments about safety issues and I never felt unsafe, and every day I had to take the pedestrian underpass to cross the nearby highway. Continental breakfast is sufficient  without being grandiose.  Hey, it's coffee and bagels with other baked goods. Am I likely to stay here again? Probably not. Would I be happy with the price if it was my only choice?  Definitely!Not perfect, but if you don't require pampering, it'll do. And the price was right.   Will I stay again? Sure, but only if there weren't other options.
2	You get what you pay for, I've stayed in a lot worse. Beds are hard, towels and bedding need a good bleaching, and it's overall a little run down. It kind of gets you thinking when you see signs posted on every door "No Weapons Allowed In Building".
4	I had a great experience here. First off, the front desk staff was extremely friendly and quick. There were absolutely no problems or confusion upon checking in and out. Ridiculously affordable. I got one king size bed, a big screen TV with a lot of good channels, a nice informational book about Madison, a CLEAN tub/bathroom, and an odor-free environment. I liked that there was free WiFi that was extremely fast. Everything was comfortable and nice and I felt safe with the security guard on duty at night. Traveling alone as a young, single woman can be daunting, but I felt okay here. The only thing to worry about if you're a light sleeper is that it was a bit loud being right next to the highway and some of the people were annoyingly yelling and running throughout the hallways in the morning. Walls are thin and you can feel shaking at times/heavy footsteps. Other than that, it was all good!Better than you'd expect. Stay here if you need an affordable hotel for a few nights while in the area.
1	Our stay was terrible. From uncomfortable beds, to rock hard pillows, to a very filthy room. The air conditioner barely cooled the smelly, muggy space. As if the cigarette burns in the comforter wasn't disgusting enough, we needed to endure the heavy odor of mold seeping out of the bathroom. The peeling paint was black with mold around the tub/shower. After showering and walking across the carpet no to get dressed, I needed to literally wash my feet before I could put my socks and shoes on. That is how filthy the carpet was! We will never stay here again and would certainly never recommend it. The $20 we saved isn't worth the unclean accommodations.
