5	I love this hotel! It's really clean, super comfy beds, and they have a great breakfast included with your stay. Staff is very friendly, and the rates are really affordable. The only thing I wish they offered is a payperview channel to order movies.
4	Another great stay at the Hampton Inn. This location is about 20 mins out of Scottsdale and we stayed in this located with a wedding block off. The price was around $120 a night I believe and as an added bonus the hotel had continental breakfast which I enjoy. They had hot eggs, sausage, waffles, and cold cereal, etc. It was always packed though, maybe because we came on a weekend. The hotel itself has very comfortable beds, nice sized rooms, and was very clean! The spa/pool stays open till 10pm for a swim after dinner. My only wish was that they had room service or were located closer to some food. They have some snacks down at the counter, but not hot food served to the rooms and no close location to get fast food.
5	we just returned from a 7 day stay at this location.  i had reserved a king accessible room because the extended stay rate was $69.00 per night.  when we checked in i asked how much extra the cost would be if we upgraded to a studio suite with a coach, mini refrigerator, microwave and small area with a sink.  the cost was $10 more each night!!! what a steal!.......this location offers the great amenities that hampton inns are famous for.....hot breakfast..including waffle batter to make belgian waffles, fresh fruit, cereal, 2 hot items each day, instant oatmeal,danish, eng muffins,toast, bagels etc.  one morning we arrived at the end of the 6:00 am-10:00 am daily serving time and the fresh fruit was gone.  i asked the breakfast attendant about getting more??? she went in the back and came out with my own bowl of fruit! so much that i couldn't finish it all.....so i asked for some plastic wrap and brought it back to my room for later.  there is a small store which carries snacks, sundries and beverages. no charge to park your car....no daily resort fee, free wifi throughout the hotel.  comfy hampton beds.....with a nice card stating that comforters, covers and blankets are washed before each new guest stays in their room!!! that is a huge plus!  the 42" tv was fantastic!! reason enough to want to stay here:):):) the lobby is bright and has coffee, tea, apples and a few bananas available 24/7.  if you miss breakfast or just want a snack on the go....there are bags at the front desk that have an apple, kelloggs special k bar, otis spunkmeyer muffin and a small box of mints!!!!  there is a 24 hour business center on site with 2 computers, 1 printer, and office supplies like paper clips, pens, hole punch.....you will need your room key to access the computer area as well as the hotel lobby after midnight i believe??there is alot of different restaurants, fast food, banks, stores if you continue north on market st to the san tan village area........or if you turn left at market st and val vista dr and proceed south to east germann rd, turn right and travel approx 3-4 miles there is a huge shopping and dining complex called crossroads towne center.  this area also has a movie theater.along with every good review..there is always something to be improved on......some hilton family hotels do not offer safes in their rooms and this location does not have an in room safe.  i wanted to bring my ipad with.  i feel better locking the ipad in a safe when i am out of my room.  i did find out that my trip insurance i purchased covered my ipad if it was lost or stolen so i brought it with.  an in room safe would be a good addition to rooms on a pay per use basis.  also, the juices at breakfast as not 100% juice...rather high fructose corn syrup based.  i have food sensitivities to hfcs so serving 100% juice would be a better choice and more healthy too.  this hampton location is in a new area not recognized on a gps.  we had alot of trouble trying to remember we couldn't use the hotel address.  when i went to the computer room to use mapquest...2 times the printer was on "sleep" and wouldn't reboot:(:(:(. the swimming area is very small.....overall a great stay for a great price staffed with great employees!!! a very clean hotel top to bottom!!!
4	Our ac broke and we needed a room ASAP.  The staff was friendly, welcoming and even provided a discount "to make the rough night a little better".  The rooms were very clean!  :)
4	Love everything about this hotel. Price, newness, location, room size, and service. I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't find a bug in my bathroom, but I understand that it can happen anywhere.
1	Preface:I was in Gilbert for business. After working on site I had to come back to my room and use the internet for a bunch of follow up stuff, etc...The internet here is terrible. I was pulling down less than .2 mbs. I switched over to 3G and I was getting triple the speed than connecting directly into the Hamptonn Inn's DSL.It was so bad that I called the front desk. The front desk person told me he use to work for a DSL company and my machine must be broken. I checked in with my co-worker and he to was having issues. I called back and explained that I couldn't get a good enough connection to get my work done. He checked and said that he was also getting crappy connection downstairs, and he could give me the IT phone number...WHY DO I NEED THE IT PHONE NUMBER! To add insult to injury, I ended up running down to the Starbucks, sitting outside, and connecting to their free wireless. Now if you don't need the Internet for your business trip, this facility is nice. The rooms are clean, and well sized. They have fresh coffee in the morning. However it is unacceptable that they couldn't provide us with decent throughput, and when asked, was told "Go call our IT!"I'm avoiding the Hampton inn/Hilton's like the plague...
4	Stayed here on Feb 10/11/12 was over all good experience.Was judging horse show, so, hours a bit strange.  Desk staff very polite & helpful.  Due to injury, used small suite w/disabled capacity  $10 more.  Very comfortable, good bed/pillows/amenities.  Clock radio wouldn't allow wake up.  Lots of TV channels.  Following afternoon, was shy coffee, shampoo, soap, etc., went to desk & resolved(housekeeping problem).Breakfast was OK on first day-not really different than most good hotels.  Second day, Biscuits & gravy good.  Lady taking care of breakfast room OUTSTANDING.  If this hotel wants to host horse show folks, they might consider animals, and taking a security deposit.  As a judge, I do not bring animals.  In normal travel I do.Would certainly come here again.
4	Just came back from the Gilbert area and stayed at the Hampton Inn. Usually I have stayed at the Hampton Inn at Scottsdale. This Hampton Inn was really lovely. The staff working the morning breakfast are just delightful. These ladies keep the food area clean and the food filled. They greet everyone with a smile and good morning. I LOVED the fruit water. Very refreshing.The room was nice and comfortable. Housekeeping was good. They forgot to come one day but when brought to their attention were very sorry and took care of things. I really enjoyed having my morning coffee out by the pool. The pool area is very clean and it is nice to see it is gated. The few issues I had were taken care of. I will stay there again.
5	My husband and I just got married at our home in Gilbert.  We are originally from North Dakota and had a lot of people needing hotel accomadations and shuttle service.  Jayme, Arianna, and the Hampton Inn & Suites met and EXCEEDED our expectations!!!!  The hotel was clean, friendly, and transported over 30 people wherever and whenever they needed to go.  I cannot thank this team enough for making our wedding weekend memorable.  I would absolutely recommend this facility!!!!  Thank you Hampton Inn & Suites!!!!Rob and Dena
5	Back in 2011 I was working for the US Forest Service at the Tanker Base out at Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and had to find a place to stay.  A few of my fellow aerial firefighters suggested this hotel.  I was glad I did.  The rooms were great, everything that I needed to shop was nearby, and the staff was great.  I stayed there for three months.
5	Excellent service and experience. Overall would come again!
5	My stay here was really pleasant. I was here for a wedding. We got checked into our room, and 10 minutes later the front desk called to make sure we liked our room. It had a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker. Which was great because they had a little shop downstairs with a wide variety of snacks and microwaveable food. We got ready for the wedding and a shuttle took us to the venue and picked us back up after we were done partying. The staff were all very nice and helpful. Thanks Hampton Inn!
3	I am in town for training and the company suggested this hotel so here I am.The hotel was easy to find, plenty of parking and the employees at the front desk are very accommodating.I was disappointed with the room itself, especially the bathroom which is dated with a funky shower stall.  Since I will be here for a few days this was annoying to see because the pictures depict a brand new bathroom.There may be rooms that have recently been updated and they haven't gotten around to this room yet.  Check with the front desk before you book a reservation.
5	I used the stay and park deal for the Phx-Mesa Gateway airport and couldn't be happier with the customer service.  Friendly and helpful at the front desk, as I was unaware of the option, but learned when I checked in.  When I called to reserve the shuttle for our return, it was not available so they paid for my taxi.  I will definitely use the service again!
5	Check-In Alert! 20% off!This place was clean, service was awesome, and they have everything you could want in a hotel....including breakfast!Not much more too say other than it was great all around and will def come back when in the area.
5	I really liked this hotel because it reminds me of the Gilbert, AZ I knew as a kid. It has a generous, lively lobby with seating in all sorts of nooks. The room was big enough with views to the corner. The staff was very pleasant and we happened to meet the General Manager in the elevator who was very unassuming and friendly. The price was the best of most hotels in Gilbert, AZ, and I was expecting so much less than what Hampton Inn & Suites offered. Hampton Inn & Suites was the perfect backdrop to a great Gilbert, AZ visit and I would stay there again in a hot Gilbert, AZ minute.
