5	I came in and was immediately greeted. A gentleman took my pertinent information and had my car brakes diagnosed in less than 15 minutes. Best part? They were honest and told me my brakes didn't need to be changed. Granted this review is based on service and speed of only the diagnosis, not the actual repair (since my brakes didn't need changing). But I still left with a great impression.
5	This place is just great!  They are honest, get the work done quickly and explain everything to you.  Last year I waited a little too long to get my brakes looked at and i ended up costing me about $500 to basically replace everything.  This job was completed by Just Brakes in about 1.5 hours.  Since then I have gone back twice because my rotors were warped and they resurfaced my brakes at no cost both times and finished it in 30 minutes.
5	Honest, friendly, efficient., cheap. If you're a business, those 4 words are magical.They've got a lifelong customer out of me. Treated well from the moment I walked in the door. Was originally quoted $99 bucks or so to replace all the brake pads, turns out all I needed was fluid.They chopped the price to $45 and had me out of there in 30 minutes. Quick, easy, painless. A+
5	My brakes were acting a little funny, some squeaking and grinding when the pads were really thick.  So I called Just Brakes in the morning and Bill answered the phone, he said he could take it in that day so I did. Bill greeted me as I walked in.  He remembered what we talked about on the phone.  They got my car in right away and diagnosed the problem.  Unfortunately for me it was an expensive fix.  They walked me through the process and possible fixes, we found a less expensive but safe way in which the problem would be taken care of.  All in all they just wanted my car to be safe.  So for that I thank them and will go back to them again, and highly recommend anyone who is thinking of going to them to go!
2	When I came in, I just wanted a brake job. I was upsold on a caliper and something else. Two weeks later, the front brakes were squeaking again. A year later and the rear brakes were squealing. Drop off at 2:00, I told them from the get -go that I expected the car done within 2 hours. They said it was slow for a Saturday and it shouldn't be a problem. I get a call at 3 that my strut is busted. I say just do the brakes, I'll take care of the strut later. Go to the shop at 3:45 and the tires are still off my car. The guy at the front desk shows me the broken strut. I asked if they had waited tofor me to see the car to do the work. He said, "No, we have other cars besides yours." So their dicking around made me late for a volunteer event I was planning on. I don't trust them, but I want to make them eat the cost of continually repairing the issues.Oh, and my brakes still squeak.
5	I brought my FJ in a few days ago because I could hear some squealing at times. I thought I needed the brake pads replaced for sure. However, these guys were honest enough to tell me that there were plenty left. The breaks just needed some maintenance done on it.  After they bled the fluid and did what they had to do, no more squealing and my brakes are working like the day I bought my car. Thanks Just Brakes!
3	Came in here thinking i need brakes for my car. Was told that my brakes were fine.  Was about to leave and some lady told me, they told her the same thing 3 months again and now they are charging her 700 bucks. Not so sure, so I'm going find another shop just to be on the safe side.
1	Came a second time- was lied to again-Was told I didn't need brakes(which was a lie) and instead I need something electrical done because I didn't need a bulb for the brake lights(he claimed he checked)So i went and asked some guy at work- he was nice to check the issue out for me. I did need brakes and my bulbs did need to get replaced for the brake light- nothing electrical need to be done.(What is up with these jerks always trying to ripe off women) So the jerk is basically lying to folks.   I believe in karma, and when you do wrong then you will get yours. On that note if the store hours is posted at  6:00pm ,and I show up at 5:25pm then you need to cut off the lights since you are in a rush to get home.
2	Just Brakes contacted me after my review, which was nice. I didn't respond to the message, but I was just in again to get the brakes done - squealing again.In November, I went in. I waited a full hour just to get a quote on what needed to be done. While I was waiting, a man came in and got his quote completed BEFORE mine. I was a little ticked off at that. Then the JB employee says that I need new rotors and the caliper (the one they fixed) needed to be redone. Good point: they were willing to do the caliper under warranty. Bad point: they were going to charge me for "hardware." Hardware is the springs and brackets on the brake pads, and they don't really wear out. No need to charge $40 for them. I was out of patience and not expecting any costs, so I told them to put it all back together.I went back on Saturday. They respected the quote they gave me in November, including the warranty work, which was good. I asked about the hardware and said I just wanted to use my current hardware, so they took off that charge as well. They said it'd be done in an hour.All 4 of the chairs in the place were full, so I decided to take a little walk. 20 minutes later, my car is still outside the shop untouched. Two hours later, my paperwork gets on the desk outside. The employee wants to make conversation and give me advice. After waiting double the amount of time, I don't want to spend another minute in the place, even if the advice is well-meant.If Just Brakes really did care about their customers, it would respect their time. Give the customer a reasonable estimate and either stick to it or update the customer. Don't waste your customers' time. Improved because I stuck up for myself. While there were good points, it wasn't any improvements on the employees' parts - I just stood up for myself a little better. I still have to get on it asking for my car when they said it would be ready. But really, I shouldn't have to ask for something done when they promise it.I think I'm done wasting my time here, and warranty or no warranty, next time my business goes elsewhere.
5	I cannot say enough good about these guys.  Bill and Blas are both incredibly professional, prompt, attentive, and most importantly honest.  I went in for brakes and they ended up fixing multiple items on my car that I had been quoted as much as 10x more at other places.Notably, I have a headlight that was out on my Volvo.  Volvo of Las Vegas quoted me $550 for a single headlamp replacement, they replaced both for just under $44.The brake service was incredibly fast, less than 2 hours and my car came out as clean as it went in.  Nothing irritates me more than finding grease on my fenders, quarter panels, or steering wheel.  This was not the case with Just Brakes.  The price was almost exactly what was quoted, with no hidden charges or "extra repairs" that I "have to have".The entire team is wonderful and I would recommend them to my friends and family.  It is so hard to find an honest repair shop in Las Vegas (DO NOT GO TO SUN AUTO NEXT DOOR!!), but these guys are the exception to the rule.Good job, Just Brakes!!
5	Look for Bill!! They are much cheaper than most others that are over priced.. Did a pad replacement, resurfaced, and brake flush. Which will cost me more than 600.00 at most places. Thought about how much it will cost me to replaced everything myself plus the time spent since I'm not fully inclined with mechanically tools.. 388.88 without tax.. Thanks much just brakes
1	Bill was a really nice guy, I came in to get my breaks done he asked me if my "car shakes when I get on and off the freeway" I told him yes it does but only a little. The shaking was nothing serious at all so thats why I didn't even bring it up. I have low profile rims on my car and have experienced the slight shaking but nothing to be concerned about. After they were done doing my breaks and I got on the freeway now my car shakes like crazy the entire time I'm driving!! They made it worst. Now I have to find time in my extremely busy schedule to take my car back to see why it is doing something it never did before I brought the car in. I feel like his question was to lead up into away to bring me back in so they could have a new issue to fix to get more money! I have the biggest feeling they messed my car up on purpose to get me back in and make more money. I hate this place right now... We shall see how it goes when I go back!
1	PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE.. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! I WISH I WOULD HAVE TOOK THE TIME TO READ THE BAD REVIEWS ON THIS PLACE BEFORE I TOOK MY CAR HERE LAST WEEK AND PAID FOR THEM TO MESS IT UP!! I strongly recommend you take your call somewhere else. I took my car in last week to have the breaks done as soon as I left the place my car now shakes when i drive it no matter what speed I am going. I took my car back to them today because obviously it had to be something they did since it was not going on until after I left. The man that looked at my car today just started the car drove it in and out the garage then came and told me it was the tires. How could it be the tires if this was not happening before coming to get my breaks done by them. he was extremely rude and my car would have been better off with the bad breaks and no shaking. I will never go here again and I hope this saves you form making a mistake and taking your car here!!!
5	Took my vehicle to this shop to have my brakes looked at because they were making a noise & was told my the Toyota dealership that I needed brakes....Just Brakes took a look at the brakes & told me that I did not need a brake job....they saved me big bucks for this un-needed brake job & the honesty of the manager/mechanic was fantastic, which in my opinion is a real rarity these days. I will definitely be taking my Toyota Yaris to them the next time anything needs fixing.
5	This place is great. The guys here are very nice and explain everything that they are doing to your car. They walk you back in the garage and show you as they explain everything. Bill I believe is awesome so friendly and great customer service. Will refer anyone I know To go here.
1	Do not go here for any reason. They will lie to you.Got my brakes done here, they assumed I was going to get them all done despite the fact that the back brakes were ~ 80% (done elsewhere). The original quote was something like a massive replacement of the entire under-carriage: approximately 600.00. My normal mechanic looked it over and said exactly none of it needed to be done and all of it was "fluff work".They sounded extremely irritated when I refused to have take advantage of their scandalous unnecessary upsales. Also my brakes now squeak despite them not squeaking when I brought the truck in.Just brakes is "just a scam". Go anywhere else.
1	I've used the north location without problems in the past. I live in the SW now so went here despite the bad reviews. I have a q5 with 45k miles on it and only had 4mm left on my front pads. I was told by just brakes that I needed new rotars and told that there's "not enough metal" on them to be re surfaced. The bill would be 650 bucks. (Better than 900 which the dealership quoted me) but I decided to get a 2nd opinion anyway. I took it to another garage on trop/dec and they said they can resurface them and change the pads for under 200 bucks. Always get a 2nd opinion.
1	Do not bring your car to this place. They will dig to every detail of your car and tell you need to replace part. If you do all the thing they tell you the you may end up to buy new car is cheaper than let them repair it. On the phone they tell me $123 for rear break. after looked at. Bob told me $760 for front and rear. I just left Honda West they told me I only need rear break. Store name JUST BREAK but they dig in to cabin fllter, oil, PS fluid, sock, trust and.... tell me I need to do all that. and my Honda accord just have service at Honda West dealership.No wonder there are 3 men look like all boss doing nothing. Where are money come from to paid their salary.
5	I took my SUV today to check my breaks and they did check it for FREE and told me that my car is fine, Which they could easily told me that I needed new brakes and make me pay for no reason!! Trust these guys Person who helped me was JON very professional thank you again!! I will go back there for sure.
1	I had the absolute worst experience here about 6 months ago and my car still isn't the same. Took it in for loud tire noise, drove away with grinding and squeaky breaks. Took it back to be fixed and they did fix the grinding but I was told the squeaking would wear itself out. After a month I went back as I was sqeakier than ever and the manager refused to fix it and said I was being too picky. I then had to go elsewhere and pay again to have them fixed, which took aboit an hour and alleviated the embarrassment of pulling up to valet or a stop sign and having heads turn to see who's the Sqeakster. Not sure how these guys can stay in business doing such crappy work and providing zero customer service, but I'd recommend you pay slightly more to have someone else do your breaks right the first time.
1	DO NOT go here. I took my car in because it was slow to stop/surging at stops. Although the man I talked to was extremely friendly, he told me it would be $600 to fix the problem. (He said I needed all new brake pads, and my rear brake was leaking brake fluid. He even showed me where the brake fluid was coming out, trying to convince me this would be money well spent. He even told me that the leaking could cause me to LOSE MY ABILITY TO STOP.) My spidey senses started tingling so I told him I would need to get a second opinion. I went to Mr. Brake without telling them what these clowns had quoted me. Turns out the "leak" wasn't a leak and my brakes weren't even a problem. I still had 80% left on my brake pads. Instead, it was my front rotors causing the lunging. They tightened my brakes and replaced my rotors for $80!!! If I would have paid these guys, I wouldn't have even fixed the issue. Run away!!!
