5	They just opened and I gotta say the steak is great and the salad bar is amazing. I heard they'll have  performances at night soon so it might be a great spot to for dinner on weekends now. Now I don't have to drive to downtown Charlotte to have a rodizio experience.
5	The restaurant is beautiful and authentic. My husband is Brazilian and I have traveled to Brazil numerous times. The food here was amazing! Our new favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Highly recommended!The environment is casual chic, the food was fantastic, service was helpful and friendly. The salad bar had a lot of options, which reminded us of Brazil. The price was very affordable and not overpriced at all, for the quality of what you receive. Go eat here! You won't be disappointed.
5	My husband and I decided to eat at Amor De Brazil for our 9th anniversary dinner without the kids. The food was great, the staff was fabulous and attentive and the atmosphere was comfortable. We will definitely eat here again. We made a reservation and I'm glad we did as it gets pretty busy in there.
2	A few friends and I visited this place a few weeks ago.  We reserved a table for 6 for 8pm.  We weren't seated until 9pm.  On top of that, the hostess had an attitude when I asked her why it was taking so long.  If they couldnt accommodate us at 8pm then they should've just said so.  Then while we were eating, it took the waiter a while to get our drink orders and food orders.  Although I got the Rodizio, I was a bit disappointed in the amount of time it took them to bring the meats to our table.  All in all, the food and service was not that great. And my friend was saying how their Capirinhas were not good either.  Those are the most popular Brazilian drinks, and yet somehow they were not tasteful.  We even complained to the owner and instead of giving us free desserts or apologizing, he changed the subject and talked about how his "online reviews" were excellent.  Seriously?  Needless to say, later that evening me and one of my friends got extremely sick and threw up.  It's a shame because when we first visited back when they opened the food was great, excellent service and overall great experience.  It's too bad that their quality and service has gone downhill.  Never going there again.
4	Overall, pretty good food. Just as good as Chima. The service isn't over-the-top overwhelming, but you feel more welcome in this hole-in-the wall than in an uptown corporate chain restaurant. The salad bar was fresh, meats were on-par with other joints, and waiters super-nice.For $29.95 rodizio and $20 wine bottles, you can not beat the value here.
5	Wonderful quality meat and salad bar items. Friendly staff, moderately priced. Amor de Brazil delivers wonderfully on the best rodizio.
5	New in the Brazilian Rodizio Steak Restarants, Amor De Brazil is a great find being local in Matthews. Food is well prepared, but be prepared to indulge. It is a meat lovers feast. Beef of all cuts, Top Sirloin (my favorite) Filet cubes, Baby Sirloin, Pork roast, Tri-cut, Chicken w/bacon, pork ribs & sausages etc., all you care to eat.They offer as well a great salad bar with everything from Portabella Mushroom salad, ceaser salad, roasted peppers, Ahi Tuna, Mussels, prosciuto w/melon, seafood salad, rice/beans etc. A real good selection for people not wanting as much of the meat.Seemed to have a good wine list, though I am not a wine person. Full bar service as well.Staff was friendly
4	Service and food was great. The salad bar had a huge variety of quality food. Clean and great ambiance. The only negative is that the bill included an 18% gratuity but the server never mentioned it - easy to overlook. Would have been better if he told us a gratuity was included,
5	We had a reservation on a Saturday night.  We were seated right away.  Waiters were watching for us to turn over our cards.  They came immediately with skewers of all kinds of meats. Some in our party wanted rare, others more towards well done. All were accomodated well.  Salad bar and sides had a good variety and were well prepared.  Meats were perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  Service was excellent.
4	There's been quite a stir of Brazilian steakhouses as of late. My mom in particular, has been spent quite an insane amount of money here, taking me, all her friends, and more recently, my monster meat-eating brother, visiting from NYC. I actually wondered if, upon bringing my brother here, a buffet would finally cut us off. His metabolism and appetite makes me want to enroll him in one of those Japanese eating contests, kid you not. So first off, what did we order. Well, you have two options really: *Pay $25 for the salad bar, *or $30 for the salad bar and unlimited meat The first time I came here, the salad bar reminded me of the typical kinds of tapas items I used in catering to large parties/events. High quality cheeses (fantastic Manchego), chickpea salads, asparagus, the whole basil mozz thing, high quality pasta salads, and tropical fruits (mangos), smoked salmon, mussels-- reminded me quite like Scandinavia "kaldbord" --cold boards. There's a relatively high profit margin in buying these things, and ppl always leave happy. Considered "luxury" to Nordic farmers, or Southerners. But as someone who opted for only the salad bar, I have to say, $25 is a bit overpriced. The wine list, however, is FANTASTIC. I had an Italian pinot, and normally woulda been quite satisfied with good cheese, wine, and mussels... but the mussels... The seafood available is OK (after living in Scandinavia, it's hard to impress:), but the mussels at the buffet were terribly overcooked. So I asked them to make a fresh batch, since it was the only hot "meat" part of the salad bar. The result was a somewhat discoloured, un-fresh grey version of the previous batch of mussels. Cie la vie. One nice thing they do however, is also bring out hot little "Brazilian" dishes, like baked cheese bread balls (fabulous) and fried polenta (also fabulous). As for the meat. There's a good variety -- from sirloin steak, garlic steak, chicken sausages, lamb, spicy chicken, mainly. MOST of the meat was cooked very well, but there was an occasional bout of meat that was overcooked to death, or undercooked and bleedin' thru the ears. On the other hand, it must have been hard to constantly keep up with the ferocious appetite of my brother... Let me make an injunction here, and say the service is truly impeccable. The owner, in his sporty jumpsuit, literally comes out with a doner in hand to ensure you are getting every bit of meat you want. When my brother asked for more sirloin, it was like the apocalypse had broken out-- the owner, the head chef, the waiters, went into a mad rush. Our server Antonio came over multiple times making we EVERYTHING was good. But not in an annoying American sort of way, a genuine, relaxed and helpful sort of way. My mother leaves here with smiles, understandably. The quality of the buffet is good. I'm a bit jaded, thinking again that they're making donkeyloads of money. Purely based on the overpriced salad bar (to me, rice, beans, some nice pasta salad doesnt warrant $25), so I wouldn't come back here -- I also have a slight ethical problem with encouraging unlimited, mass consumption of meat (maybe why it appeals to Americans) -- as for my family members, I'm sure they'll become regulars. Rankings *# of times dined here: 3rd *Cost of Bill: $30-35 for 1person *Food Rating: 8/10 *Service Rating: 11/10
5	Great destination dining with first class friendly service. Salad bar is far more than your average vegetarian salad, it can become a full meal all on its own with all of the extras to choose from. Did I mention the rotisserie, to die for, it will keep on coming until you scream "no mas" . If you're looking for an elegant dining experience with a special someone, you owe to yourself to try Armor de Brazil
5	Came here on a hopping SAT night. They really know how to take care of you here with a personal touch. Not stuffy or corporate, like the uptown joints.I'd recommend coming on a weekday. Why? When it's busy, you may only get your fave cut of meat 1-2x over a 2hr dinner. Of course, they will ALWAYS bring your cut to the table if you ask.Red wine bottles start at $24, and glasses $7/each. I agree that for veggie eaters, the $25tab is overpriced. All in all, Hope this place does well (and does not raise its prices). Will be back very soon with out-of-town guests.
5	I love this place. Come hungry. For $30 you get the full rodizio. That is the salad bar, all the meats, and the bread and fried plantains. The salad bar is huge. There salad bar consist of already made salads, make your own salad, shrimp, fish, and a vast array of cheeses and sliced meat. I tried not to eat much off the salad bar because I was here for the meat. Once you flip your card to green, Its go time. The parade of meats begins. Each person comes around with something different and ask if you would like some. I had too flip my card to red so I could catch up. My favorite was the house steak and the lamb. I didnt like the garlic steak, which was very overpowering. The service is outstanding. The owner even walks around to make sure that you are doing fine. We arrived at 6 on a Saturday night. We were seated right away. They do take reservations though. I will be back here again. I love a place where they seem to care if you are enjoying yourself.
4	My visit was driven by the fact that I had a coupon and I had heard this place mentioned on Charlotte Talks.  By coincidence, we ended up going to Chima during January restaurant week.We really enjoyed our experience at Amor.  The meats were delicious, and the salad bar was well done with a nice variety.  The service was outstanding, and they made my 4 & 6 year olds feel very welcome.I would not take my kids to Chima, but this is a family-friendly restaurant.  If you have adolescents who are big eaters, you will get your money's worth!In comparison to Chima, the selection was very similar, with perhaps a smaller salad bar.  Food quality was comparable.  A more intimate atmosphere with lower prices.Highly recommend!
5	Good for Gluten Free diners too! Salad bar is huge and not just salads. Cheenies GF bread served at table.
4	Amor de Brazil is definitely cheaper than Chima. However, they don't have many options with their meats compares to Chima. Though, they do have a really nice salad bar that consisted all kinds of cheeses ( you have to try the goat cheese and the wine cheese, they're awesome!). The decor was fairly nice, not too extravagance. Services was okay, the waiters and waitresses was attentive.Uno problemo, when they were ringing me up, I noticed that they charged me 10% tax which I believe supposed to be 7.52% or somewhere around there tax. I'm not a cheapskate but I didn't feel like it was fair when they are charging a inaccurate tax on all of their clients in-order to gain extra profits. When I addressed this issue, no one, and I mean no one, knew the answer. All they said was they will correct it (which I hope they did). Other than that issue, I'm quite satisfied with the restaurant.
5	I have visited this restaurant on two occasions. The first was with a party of 8 for my birthday. After visiting a different Brazilian restaurant in Charlotte with terrible service i was really hoping this would be better. Boy what a night and day difference. This place has amazing service! The owner stopped by our table to thank us and check on us. Our server was extremely attentive, the food was delicious and kept coming all night. They made my birthday a very special occasion. I visited again last week and it was just as good if not better than the first time!! Keep up the good work :)!!
1	Terrible service..... Overpriced     Never again.   Food can't make up for terrible service.   Save your money and visit somewhere like Grapes or Texas Roadhouse
4	We treated my husband and Father to dinner for Fathers day. We had reservations and were quickly seated. Our server was fine he wasn't around much though which became somewhat annoying when people at the table needed dirty plates taken away. We ordered a pitcher of Red Sangria. It was overly sweet and tasted as if powdered sugar was added. Their salad bar was rather impressive with a large variety of items. Everything I tried was very fresh. The cheeses and cured meats were delish and the hot items like the mussels or the beans and rice were equally as good.The meats that were brought to the table were very good. In the future I will forgo the sausage. It was nothing special. It tasted like a store bought meat and was very greasy. The lamb was beyond Divine. I did however have to ask for it to be passed around again. If you like a specific cut of meat, be sure to ask, they will always bring it out again. The majority of meats were Beef. Beef wrapped in bacon, beef tips, Top sirloin, etc. All were very tasty. I would highly recommend you tell the server how you like your meats prepared because they ASSUMED I liked my cut of meat well done and every time they sliced it, it would be from a part that was cooked well done. Oh no no no no no!!! I told the server the rarer the better and he asked if I was joking. No I'm not joking. I would like for it to still be mooing if at all possible. They also offered pork which was cooked perfectly and chicken which was a tad bit dry. For dessert we had the Flan which I heard was very good. I did not try it. I'm just not a fan of Flan. I had the Lava Cake with ice cream. It was OK nothing great. Truth be told I would take more of the lamb over dessert any day.All in all it was a good experience and we will go back again.
5	Love Love this place. took my Boyfriend here for date night and he loved it. The food selection and quality is amazing. the staff is super nice and interact with the customers. great for a romantic dinner and is so much cheaper than chima. will definitely come again.
4	Holds its own if you've been to a few rodizio restaurants but not the best I've been to.  Only been twice but its always been good.  One time the Sangria was great and another time I swear I could see powder in it so I'll give it a 2 out of 3 before I stop ordering it.  I'm hoping this place stays and does well though!
5	First Visit: We came on a Friday at 615. It was busy but we didn't need a reservation for two. I would recommend one for more than that but it seemed to slow down by 8pm. Salad bar is phenomenal!  They allow you the option of salad only or salad and meat. Do both and leave room for dessert!! It is worth it! They will sing happy birthday to you in portuguese!! The service was over the top. Second visit: I went during Queens Feast, busier of course and service was not a 5 star but it was a 4 star :) food still amazing, this time I had the salmon at the salad bar and I can't say enough how WONDERFUL IT WAS! Wow, the food is just so well prepared, and the deal for the week of $30 for Salad/Meat, Choice Dessert of Flan or Passionfruit Mousse was truly a great deal and well worth it for dinner.
4	Amor de Brazil is a solid Brazilian steakhouse.  My partner and I checked this place out during restaurant week, which is a heck of a deal.  If you've been to Chima, it's hard not to compare the two places.  However, quite a few things make this place a little different.Table goodies: They brought fried bananas and cheese bread to the table.  The bananas had a great level of sweetness and the right about of cinnamon to make them perfect.  The cheese bread was surprisingly very cheesy.Salad bar: This salad bar, while not quite as big as the one at Chima, has a solid selection of goodies to enjoy.  They have several hot and cold seafood dishes, such as mussels, smoked salmon, and a baked fish dish.  They also have a variety of different salads, such as tabbouleh.  My favorite part is definitely the dried meats and cheeses.  They had an apricot ginger cheese the day we went which was FANTASTIC.  They probably had about 10 different cheeses to try and about 6 different styles of dried meat.  I really enjoyed that part.Meat: I thought the quality of meat here was a little better than Chima.  During restaurant week, you still get to try most of the meat Amor de Brazil offers (unlike Chima, which has a more limited selection).  My personal favorites were somewhat surprising - the bacon-wrapped chicken was tender and flavorful, the sausage was smoky and a little spicy, and the leg of lamb was moist and delicious.Dessert: Both the passion fruit mousse and flan were delicious.  The flan was a perfectly cooked custard and I loved the caramel that went with it.  The mousse was rich and smooth.Service here was pretty good, although getting the good meats took a little time.  However, my favorite part about this was that you can tell the server what you are waiting for and (s)he will try to get that meat to your table.  We waited a long time for lamb, but once we asked out server, the lamb made it within a few minutes.Overall, I am a big fan of this place.  Make sure you come hungry and expect to be uncomfortably full when you leave.
1	horrible, i felt raped. the salad bar is inadequate, u are paying a-lo of money for a a little. have been to shima in charlotte, what a difference. u at least get steak, here the pawn off kielbassa poor quality pork something,(very fatty) all in all if u want a brazilian steakhouse go to another restaurant, this falls far short of being a steakhouse.
3	The fella and I ventured to Matthews on a Saturday and made reservations here for 7:00.  The place is easy to find and parking is easy in the shopping center.  Upon entering, we were greeted pleasantly by the hostess, and that same friendly service continued throughout the night.Our waiter, Antonio, was fantastic and friendly and helpful.  We had thought about having a pre-dinner drink at the bar but were glad we decided against it since there really is no bar!  So, we ordered a bottle of wine... they were out of it.  So, we ordered another bottle of wine... they were out of it, too.  Ahem.  The fella gave them two more options, and thankfully they managed to have them in stock.Onto the food!  The salad bar is pretty fantastic and had a variety of food including rice, black beans, potatoes, an assortment of divine cheeses, mussels, shrimp cocktail, quail eggs, mozzarella and tomato salad, etc.  And, of course, the meat was a-plenty!  We tried filet, pork, flank steak, bacon wrapped chicken, and even grilled pineapple when it came around.  So, why only three stars?  While the meat was plentiful, most of our pieces were so incredibly chewy.  I realize they have to cook the meat pretty well to appeal to most of their customers, and the fella and I are pretty much rare/medium rare meat eaters, but some of it was not only hard to chew, but also hard for the waiters to slice off their skewers.  At one point, we got pork and chicken and couldn't tell the difference.  Boo.All in all, it's a smorgasbord of just okay food, and I was grateful that it was less expensive and snooty than Chima.
5	Excellent. We went on a weeknight & it was SLOW. But service was fantastic. And food was plenty, excellent selection & very good. We did the full rodizio. There were a couple meats that were just ok, but always hot & tasted fresh. But overall great selection of meat & extras on the salad bar!! Owner came to out table to ask about our experience & be sure we were satisfied. He thanked us for coming & invited us back.  It looked very elegant. And it was certainly clean.  Would & have highly recommended  them to anyone. Can't wait till we can go again!!
1	This is the first bad review I wrote about a restaurant.  I had made reservation for at 7:30 I waited 30 minutes to get a table. Talked to the manager they said they expect the table to be turn over in 1.5 hours. And two table unexpectedly delay. I finally got a table waited for ten minutes no one came as a waiter for us. Finally, one of family members had to serve us our own drink. Bad bad bad customer service!!!! I also wanted to noted that this is not the first time here. They seems to be under staff!! I just like the fact that no one seems to care. Poor management!!! I traveled all over the country looking for great local restaurant with great food and service. This is one of the worst experience I had.
4	Wife and I went for dinner the other evening. The place was clean and spacious. We were greeted at the door and seated promptly. The greeter made sure to explain the process and bought a wine list and invited us to begin. The service was a bit disorganized. A number of people were milling about but no one came to introduce themselves as our server until about 10 min after sitting down. The 'salad bar' was good. Lots of options for any pallet, but would have liked to see more fresh fruit options. Then came the meats... There was a good selection, well seasoned and most beef options were med rare as I like them. The chicken and sausage were also good. Service could use a bit of polish, but all in all a good dining experience.
3	Barely 3 stars, I doubt I'd give them even 2 back in Miami This review is about their lunch, which I did twice for the salad bar - full disclosure I'm no fan of any "all you can eat" Rodizios, I'd much rather order and pay for what exactly I want.  $12 buys you the Brazilian salad buffet and three pieces of Rodizio meat.  The buffet was a somewhat limited selection and of the usual offerings, passable but  nothing tasted too great and the Fejoada was almost non-existent both times.The rodizio was a boring piece of chicken (overcooked both times), a tiny chorizo that I didn't care for (and I LOVE the Argentine style chorizo) and a small cut of wanna be picana . Once it was so tough as to be uneatable, the second time it was ok but I don't buy that it was top sirloin as depicted.  Most likely cheap sirloin tips, but I didn't care because I came for the salad bar, which I wish was better.All together not a bad lunch value if that's you're in the mood for, but I can't imagine paying dinner prices.
1	I will never return here. As some others have stated their service is horrible. I guess in my situation I cannot even comment on the service because we NEVER got a server! We arrived and there was already a crowd at the door.  No one ever said well it'll be this amount of time or sorry for the wait or would you like a drink from the bar. Just nothing! After waiting nearly 30 mins after our reservation time we were seated. Not before asking 3 different people for help. The second person we asked said "well we close in 30 mins so I don't know what to tell you" WOW! The other two said I'll get someone to help you. We sat another 15 mins or so before assuming if we got up to get our salad it would be a sign for a server to bring our drinks and other necessities (tongs, signal for gauchos, instructions etc.) The couple with us had never been to this type of restaurant, good thing we were with them! They would have never eaten!  My husband managed to flag down the manager and he brought out our drinks. Eventually the gauchos made their way to us despite not having a signal thing. They actually we more help than anyone else. They brought us tongs and a signal thing and tried to get someone to help us. The crazy thing is we were surrounded by tables getting help from more than one server! None the less we ate the food with was pretty damn good. We asked for dessert, they brought us out something else bc they were all out. At the end of the day, the manager took $5 off our meals and said that's all he could do. I'll go to Chima from now on.
2	We made 7:00 reservations for the day after Valentine's Day, so I went in to Amor de Brazil expecting a short wait, especially with a party of 5.  This was our first visit, and it was highly anticipated. We had been to Rioz in Myrtle Beach and really enjoyed the experience.When we checked in, there were 2 couples ahead of us.  We were told that our table would be available shortly.  The hostess kept leaving the host stand to check on different tables, wipes down and replace linens and silverware, etc.  While she was gone, the small foyer/waiting area filled up with people. After about 30 minutes, we were told that we could wait in the bar for our table, that people were taking longer than expected to finish their meals.  We went into the bar area - which was empty - sat at the bar, and were ignored by the bartender for about 10 minutes before she even acknowledged we were there.  When I asked for a wine list, she gestured to the restaurant seating area and said they were "all out there" and handed me a cocktail list. Seeing that all of the cocktails and martinis were $8.75 and up, I chose to wait to have a glass of wine with my meal. An hour and 15 minutes after our reservation, another member of our party went to the hostess stand and asked if any of the empty tables were for us. We were told by the hostess that our drinks at the bar would be comped for our wait, and when I mentioned that I never saw a wine list, she said that she would comp all of the first round of drinks at our table.  We waited about 20 minutes for a waiter to come by and bring us water, get our drink order, drop off the "meat indicator" for the meat servers to stop at our table. No one ever stopped, and we tried to flag down the hostess 3 times and were promptly ignored.  Finally a waiter walked by and one of our friends got his attention and told him we had not gotten any service. He apologized, said he would take care of us, and brought out water for everyone, and I told him that the hostess had agreed to comp our drinks.  He looked at me like I was crazy, so I told him about the wait we had experiences.  He shrugged and didn't respond.We went and got our salad bar items, which were delicious and plentiful. The variety was great - mussels, shrimp and salmon on the bar, as well as a variety of salads, cheeses, and sliced deli meats. The cooked meat was delicious - the tri-tip steak and lamb were both cooked perfectly.  I tried several other portions and enjoyed it all.  The waiter never came back by our table to refill our water glasses or ask if we wanted another drink from the bar.  He was very attentive to the table next to ours - spending 4 or 5 minutes chatting with them, making sure everyone had drinks and everything they needed.  Almost 3 hours after our reservation time, we flagged down another server and asked to see the manager.  Turns out that our "waiter" was actually the manager!  When we told him how disappointed we were with the service, he asked if he could bring us a dessert or another drink from the bar, which we declined, and asked for our bills.  He apologized again and brought us our bills.  Our drinks were comped, as the hostess promised.We will probably never go back to Amor de Brazil.  The food was good, but the service was awful.
3	We went about a month ago. This place was average at best.  My husband specifically wanted the lamb chops (that is his favorite at Fogo) and it took over 30 minutes for them to bring them out (we asked for them a few times). I was expecting more from the salad bar. Plus side, they are less expensive than Fogo (however Charlotte does not have one).
2	LUNCH REVIEW:Not impressed. No cheese bread. Asked for the meats to be prepared medium, received very well done. Re-ordered medium but by the time we got it, we were full off the salad and the two other cuts of meats you get for the $12 lunch (chicken and sausage, meh.)However, I am in the mood for rodizio and since I don't want to pay $50 at Chima, I'm going to give this place another try tonight for dinner and hope its better than the lunch.
4	So glad I decided to give this place another try! Living in Charlotte the only options are Chima and here, and since Amor de Brazil's full rodizio dinner is about $40 cheaper for two people, it wins. Went on a Friday night at 6, it was crowded but the wait was only about 5 minutes. Service was impeccable, very attentive. The cheesy bread rolls were hot and fresh -- major plus especially in comparison to Chima. The salad bar/hot bar area was not as fancy as Chima but still a great variety. The meats were very tender and flavorful. Only downside I would say is some of the meats, if they come out not cooked the way you like (medium rare, etc) you pretty much have to take it however it is. I didn't like that the filet came out well done when I preferred medium. Other than that, everything was excellent. My server asked and I told him I was waiting on lamb chops, as soon as they were done they were brought right out to me, as many as I wanted. This is the lowest priced rodizio I've ever visited so that's a major plus!Tip: Thursday is Ladies' Night -- half off the full Rodizio price! Sundays the price goes from 33.99 to 24.99!Update: went back on a Sunday night...service was not that great. Guess it depends on who the server is. It also took a good 20 minutes (after we had to ask) to get some cheesy rolls and they never served the plantain side dish to any table at all. This place needs more consistency but that won't stop me from coming back consistently!
1	Save your money and choose Chima for a slightly higher price and a better experience. I had dinner at this place just last night. The trays at the salad bar were almost always empty and nobody was bringing more food. The meat wasn't that great, some cut was chewy and some other too dry.Definitively not worth it.
2	I truly did not enjoy the food (some meats were just okay, salad bar was AWFUL) I will never return.  On the plus side, waiters we're friendly but they try to get over and leave themselves extra tips. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars is because the live music was lovely. Brazz is a much better restaurant, I'll stick to what I know!!!
4	We've been to this place twice for dinner. My wife and I love this steakhouse. Portions are very consistent and plentiful. Price is very reasonable for what you are getting. There are some Brazilian steakhouses in NY that are better, but for Charlotte this one is tops. Very relaxed atmosphere and it makes for a wonderful dinner date.
4	Came here for restaurant week and was really impressed. It was beyond crowded and we ended up waiting two hours for a table, but hey, it was restaurant week!Once we got to our table, the service was fast and the buffet was plentiful and had a great variety of choices. The meat was also cooked to perfection. I'd definitely come here again.
5	I ate lunch here a while back. The food was amazinggggggg. The meat falls off the bone and the sides are tasty. There are plenty of options so it's a good place to go for anyone. Even a young child could find something they want
1	Will stick with Chima!!!  Service sucked!!!  Waited 30 minutes for check!!!!!!  They were more focused on large groups then on small ones. Could have gotten up to leave without paying & no one would have noticed.  Won't be back!!!  No one knew what the heck was going on.  Couldn't handle the crowd either.
1	Service is beyond terrible. Not enough staff and way worse than Chima (which is already bad). For the price they charge we would expect a much better service and quality. As a Brazilian myself I would never eat here again. If you want to experience a truly Brazilian rodizio you will have to go to Fogo de Chao. These so called brazilian steak houses are never ran by southern Brazilians and often the taste is tailored to people of central Brazil and they use a lot of garlic to mask the bad meat. Chima does not do that but their service and price are completely incompatible as just like this place.
5	Went during restaurant week in July. Great food. Great atmosphere. Comfortable but nice.  Pleasant staff.  Whenever we requested specific meats, they ensured they quickly came. Cheese bread.. to die for. My boyfriend and I were quite happy with everything.
2	Go to Chima, go to Brazz, but only go here if both of those places are booked and you just really want a brazilian style feast. The atmosphere is crowded, loud, and cramped. I unfortunately took my sister here for her birthday. It was ok. But the service was not good and none of us could here anything the others were saying. For the poor atmosphere, service, etc, the prices should be way lower. If I'm paying a significant amount, I at least want to feel like it was worth it.
4	Great food. Service wasn't as expected. Also the real expensive meats, such as Filet mignon, only come around about once an hour.
2	Want to now how to go to a Brazilian Churrascaria and leave hungry? Easy: go eat here. I've been sitting at this restaurant for 50 minutes and have seen meat exactly 3 times. Sell you another beer? Certainly!.  Want another glass of ice cold water? Surely! Bananas? But,of course! Barbecued pineapple? Why, sure! Actual churrasco is, sadly, harder to come by because when it does, it is pretty good. I want to be clear: the issue here is not the quality of the product, but the speed of its supply.Someone should organize the serving properly: the servers ALWAYS start at the front  of the room; Brazilian churrasco comes on a stick, which means there is a limited supply on each turn. Guess what happens with those of us seating at the back? We either get nothing or the center, which is going to be rare. If you, like me, do not like your beef while it still mooing, you're out of luck. Note to management: tell your people to start serving **where they left off** not again with the people in the front,  who are already stuffed with every turn you gave them what should have be my food, too.I wrote this whole thing on my phone while waiting to be served. When do you have time to even breath between servings in a Churrascaria? That's right: pretty much never. Unless, of course, you eat here tonight.This is a two-star review instead of one  because the food is pretty good, the ambiance is great and the people are really nice. I hope they get the service mess resolved.
2	Let's face it - we are all both attracted to and repulsed by the buffet experience at the same time. It's probably the allure of getting a deal by paying a fixed price and making off with more food than we should, while paying as little as possible. Enter the churrascaria - put another way: Lots 'o meat.Is it authentic? Perhaps. I really can't say. I can say that they are neither the best nor the worst such experience I have ever had, and you are probably likely to find both better and worse places to spend your money to eat (both buffet and non-buffet alike).First, if you're going for dinner, you may not want to eat lunch beforehand. Perhaps for several days. It's a lot of food, mostly meat. While there is a salad bar, let's face it - no one goes to a place specializing in meat, delivered to your table and gets a salad bar. It doesn't make sense on any level.While the salad bar isn't bad, you're simply wasting your money by filling up your gut on salad, so even though it's not bad, skip it and eat your fill of meat. If you absolutely must have salad, try the lunch instead. You can then have the salad and a smaller sampling of the meats, at a lower price.For dinner, you get the full array of meats - unless you go for restaurant week, where they do a section between lunch and the full spread - so that's going to be full price. And those meats are brought around on these long skewers. The servers are supposed to look at the card on your table, and if the card is green, offer you food, and if the card is red, they keep going. In reality, the card doesn't matter much.If you get their attention, they will serve you, and that is the real problem - you can generally get it, but only at certain times, and you will find that if you want to try everything they offer, it takes a very long time. Everyone wants to try everything on the menu, and so when a new skewer comes out, the meat is rapidly gone, so it takes a while for the variety to make its way around the room - you then have to put in a request. As a result, the most common meats are the ones you see most frequently. I suspect these are the cheapest (understandably - that way they make the most money), and so you have to decide if it's worth $30+ on dinner. Generally it's a losing proposition, as you get increasingly frustrated because the more interesting items are never making their way to you.Still, if you've never been, it's worth a trip - probably not worth multiple trips, however.
