5	Stopped by for lunch: most items on the lunch menu are under ten bucks. Frank Sinatra played continuously, a bit loud at first; but I walked in right at the opening of 11am so I guess the staff like Old Blue Eyes at high volume when noone's around.Had the "Redevelopment Club" club sandwich. Now, normally I shy away from lunch meat, as I'm told it's bad for you, but I think there's room in my diet for this sandwich! Bread was great, basil mayo was great, and the ham/turkey/bacon was great.And normally, I shy away from shoestring fries, but the fries were damn tasty.The dinner menu looks pretty reasonably priced -- most dishes under $20, and they have a long wine selection.EDIT: note the unusual hours: dinner is Thu/Fri/Sat only, lunch is Mon/Tue/Wed/Thu only.
1	I have attended two different events that Emery's had catered and enjoyed the food at both events, and it's located within walking distance from my house, so my husband and I decided to celebrate an anniversary there.  The bruschietta was excellent, the pasta was mediocre and the service atrocious!  We are usually easy to please, but sitting with empty drink glasses for about 30 minutes really irked me.  I was not impressed with their in house dining experience, but they seem to be decent caterers.
1	the servers are rude especially if you are dining alone. the food was mediocre at best.
5	I love EMERY's!!!!!!!!! Anytime we're in town we come to Emery's! We love it so much we actually has a small wedding reception at the restaurant! The food was wonderful and there was so much of it. Our guest still talk about how wonderful the food was! The staff are wonderful! We can't say enough about how wonderful Emery and his wife are! They were amazing! Back to the food.......all I can say is that when it comes to Italian food I'm super critical, but the food here was amazing and fresh!!
1	We decided on Italian cuisine this evening, but we also wanted to pay tribute to our local mom and pop eateries in the Downtown Henderson, Water Street district so Emery's it was.Upon being seated we asked our not so fluent in English server for a wine list...No wine list along with no explanation until we inquired with another service professional walking by our table.  It was explained to us that since the wine list was outdated, they did not have a wine menu at all. Seems simple to just update something and have it printed but I suppose what is simple for some may not be simple for others?We requested a bottle of house Cabernet but instead received two glasses to start instead.  The bottled of wine arrived shortly, unlike our food.In good company and enjoying a bottle of "house" Cabernet, we were more than halfway through before we noticed everyone else being served before us.  Pasta, steaks, chicken, it didn't matter the entree ordered or the time in which people were sat AFTER us; our meals were never served.54 minutes and one bottle of wine later we decided it was time to hit the road and find a dining establishment that would actually serve our meals.  We let our server know we were interested in paying our wine tab but not interested in our meals still currently on order. The waiter quickly went to the kitchen to relay the message to the cook (who turned out to be the Owner).  We were shortly approached in a confrontational manor by the proud owner of Emery's asking why we were leaving and not planning on waiting longer for our food. As I felt the tensions rising, I waived for my guest to head to the car, I stayed behind to defuse the situation..Wow, the owner of a restaurant causing conflict with it's patron?! Interesting.. this situation merely reiterates my previous statements of service gone bad in this city.
5	Emery catered breakfast/brunch for me in my home.  The presentation and the food were absolutely awesome!  It was a stunning layout and the absolute best pastries I have ever had.  Everything was "melt in your mouth" delicious.  Delivery and set up was prompt, our server, Manuel, was terrific, our guest were overwhelmed.  Thank you Emery...you are now on my speed dial!Mary M.
4	I love checking out new places, and Yelp has helped me find some real gems. I have had Emery's on my radar for a bit... but the reviews on Yelp seems to be a bit all over the place, with almost every review being either 5 star or 1 star. So I refrained from visiting until this past weekend. My husband wanted to take me to a new place, and he loves Italian food, so we went to Emery's Saturday evening for dinner.We started out with iced teas and an order of the bruchetta. I noticed there was a birthday party in the next room, and I hope that it would not impact the service we received. Thankfully it did not, our drinks were never empty and our appetizer came out quickly. For dinner, my husband had linguine with marinara sauce and I went with one of the specials for the evening, lobster ravioli. We both got dinner salads with our meals, and my husband added on a bowl of soup. Salads and the soup came out first, and again it was fairly quickly. The salads were basic, with a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. My husband was not thrilled with the pasta fagioli soup. He said it was clearly homemade, he just prefers a thicker soup. He would not pay the $5 to add on either the soup or salad again. We were both very pleased with our entrees. My lobster ravoli was stuffed with large chunks of lobster and the pasta was obviously freshly made that evening. My husband's linguine was also freshly made and the marinara sauce was deliciously seasoned. We finished our evening off with an order of tiramisu to go. I am so glad I did not let the bad reviews of Emery's keep me away any longer...  We didn't experience any of the issues mentioned in the bad reviews. Our server was friendly and food came out in a reasonable amount of time, considering we could both see and taste that the pasta was freshly made that night (which takes time). We will definitely be back.
4	Until last night, it had been about 2 years since we had eaten here. This was due to the poor service we had the last time - it was really that bad. That being said, I remembered how good the food was, especially the fettuccine alfredo. That being the case, the hubby and I decided to go back there last night. Wow. The problems that had been there before were nowhere to be seen. Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. The staff was professional. The food was still outstanding, and this time, we did get served within a reasonable amount of time. I had the alfredo, which I still think is the best in town. My husband had their eggplant lasagna special, which he also really liked. Great flavors - they don't skimp on garlic, which I love! This was a redemption visit for us and we were quite happy!
4	My wife and I came here for a nice quiet dinner.We were seated promptly and ordered some drinks. I had the house Cabernet and it was just fine. While we waited we checked out the decor. It is a small place, very cozy. Everything seemed clean and maintained, unlike a lot of other establishments in the area. The service was prompt and helpful.For dinner, I had a Lamp Chop special and my wife had a Chicken Parmesan. The chops were cooked to my specification, and they were nicely seasoned. I'd order them again. My wife's Chicken Parm was an enormous portion, and it tasted a little plain, but I put that down to the fact that we ordered it without cheese. I'd not hold that against the place. The red sauce on it was tasty and plentiful.For dessert we ordered a Cannoli and it was fantastic! Overall, this is a nice place and has some great food at reasonable prices. I'd recommend it for a romantic dinner, a family dinner, or for some quality Italian take-out.
4	I came with a Restaurant.com $25 gift certificate in my hands and I had read the not-so-stellar reviews here on Yelp, but when my husband and I entered this quaint establishment on a Saturday evening around 6:30 PM I was pleasantly surprised. It's a small dining area with bright colors and Italian-esque decorations covering the walls. There's a bunch of wine lining the back walls and only about 10 white-clothed tables. I have to admit I was comparing it to my favorite Italian place in town, which is in Downtown Las Vegas called Chicago Joe's. There's similarities and differences.To start off with I ordered a glass of raspberry iced tea, my husband, sweet tea. The tea was deliciously sweet. Next we were served some nice, warm bread, about half a loaf with some delicious garlic butter. The butter was perfectly spreadable. The bread, although a bit tough on the outside, was still good. We were offered a second helping, but we declined. I ordered the Linquine Clams with a red sauce. When I inquired as to whether or not the red sauce had a little spice, I was told it did not have any spice, but the waitress asked me if I would like the cook to make it spicy and I said yes! So that was very nice of my waitress to cater to my desires. My husband ordered the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo and we both opted for House Salads with Ranch dressing. The salads came out with very green leaves, shredded carrots, a few tomatoes, and a couple slices of sweet onions. In comparing this salad to the one at Chicago Joe's - this salad wins. Definitely a better variety of green lettuce leaves and a bit fresher in my opinion. Next our entrees arrived. They plate their pastas in bowl-like boat plates. They were hot and fresh, my red sauce had just the enough amount of kick to my liking. What I enjoyed a bit more about this Linquine Clam over Chicago Joe's is that there were actual clam shells with meat along with clam meat actually dispersed throughout the pasta. I think the addition of clam shells gives the dish a nice, rich oceanic flavor. It is nice to dig out the clams and get that bit of sea taste.My husband noted that his pasta was very good, but I did not try any because I was slurping up my own. We ended up taking home leftovers and declined desert because we had a fresh pie waiting for us at home to eat.Overall the food is A+. There's no doubt about the authenticity of whoever is cooking here. The atmosphere is nice, the music was not too loud, and it is a family/casual dining experience. Service was great from our main waitress. The woman who brought us out our drinks and bread was a bit cold, but nothing so much to ruin our experience.I would certainly go back, especially if I happen to be in the Henderson area and I am craving Italian. The plus side here is that you are supporting a local mom and pop business as well. I would and will continue to gladly fork over my money to places like this over Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill.
3	We went before and the food was great, service was great, server was great. But this time, we service much slower than before, but was due partly to a catering job they had going on in a side room. You could tell that it was all family and friends as the wait staff invited some of them to the kitchen, then several times the chef came out and visited, this may be why our two entrees took 45 minutes to get when there was only one table of two waiting for food when we got there. Just to get our two side salads took 25 minutes from when we got there and we were the only ones waiting to order. The dressing on mine was wrong, again I'm sure that it was because of the family/friends catered party got all their attention.I am giving it 3 stars instead of lower as I know from being there before how good it can be. I'd recommend that if you see a catered thing going, to turn around and walk out though as then if like for us, the service will be terrible and the meal bland. It was ok, but bland, not even salt and pepper I don't think.Just not a good experience this last time when paying $25 a plate plus tax and tip. But like I said, the first time there was much better. Here's to hoping that they pay more attention next time to their regular customers while having a catered party.
4	I treated my friend here for her birthday dinner. She chose the place as it is close to both of us and we both had not tried it out before and thoroughly enjoy trying out new places. It is very cute and tiny. There seems to be a little shop located next to it and it also has limited dining hours. The people dining there that night consisted of small families and there was one man eating alone. Our waitress wasn't overly friendly or pleasant, but she did the job just fine. We loved the quaint environment and how it felt like home dining there. The food was very good. Lots of Italian dishes made with great authenticity. I had a pasta dish and she had the eggplant which tasted good and we both had a couple glasses of wine. This restaurant is a great local spot to try out if you aren't into overrated restaurants or chain-like restaurants - definitely a noteworthy mom and pops local business - which I always appreciate.
5	This place is wonderful!  We first went here on a Restaurant.com coupon.  We have been back at least 3 more times after that.  We always order the Seabass with Sherry Cream Sauce.  It's not on the menu but I always ask the chef for it when they have the Seabass.  The very first time we went there, they had the Seabass with Sherry Cream Sauce as a special menu item for that day.  We ordered it and fell in love with it!  The fish just melts in your mouth and the sauce is fabulous.  If you love Seabass, you must try it here.  We found out that the owners were chefs at one of the big casinos on the strip, and they decided to open their own restaurant.  We also ordered Calamari appetizer and their soup .  I can't judge on the other dishes but they looked really yummy on the other tables.  For sure, if you order the Seabass you won't be disappointed.  Like I said, we've been back there a few more times just for the Seabass, each time the dish was consistent, very fresh, and we loved it.
1	We have been coming to this place for the last two years and loved it, but not this last time.  Fish over cooked, pasta over cooked, apple tart under cooked.  Way to much dressing on salad.  Vegetables and baked potato cold as ice.  We won't be back.  To bad because it was one of our spots.  Good luck.
4	The food is amazing!  The ambiance is intimate.  Would not take kids.  Its nice to go to a local fine dining restaurant away from the strip.  The waiters could use some common sense, but the food is amazing.  The owner comes and checks up and makes sure everything is going well.
5	I love this place. It is quiet, comfortable and cozy. If you would like a place to have a glass of wine and enjoy the best bruschetta in town. This is it. Support this small business today!
5	Best little gem of a restaurant in Henderson!!Quaint and hidden in down town henderson off water street..The food was absolutely amazing and fresh! Met the owner and chatted with her a bit..really loved the one on one family feel of this place! Highly recommend!!!
5	I agree with the last reviewer. It's a little gem. The menu is very reasonably priced. Entrees include soup or salad and bread. I had a chicken dish that was tender and covered with a creamy mushroom sauce. It was great. The house salad was full of nice greens. The bruschetta was a little underdone, though. I could have been warmer and crispy. They did a nice job decorating. It was a small dining room, but not cramped. I will go back for sure.
4	What a great discovery for local Henderson as they are located at the south end of Water Street! Great ambiance, good service and food of ample portions to share.
5	Went to dinner for date night after some friends said this was one of there favorite places to eat over the last decade. We also like to patronize local family owned places AKA small businesses.  Went in around 4:30 on a Wednesday, only 1 table in the dining room.  We were seated immediately and brought a basket of bread with butter and menus.  The server was friendly and got our drink order quickly.  I had a couple questions about menu which she answered but explained that the chef was insulted by substitutions.. WHAT!!  That's a first... We ordered the Buffalo Mozzarella Cheese for an appetizer and it was fresh and delicious, I ordered the house Merlot which was over priced at $7 a glass (Domino Brand) when the bottle only cost $5.75, I don't think a restaurant should charge more for a glass than the entire bottle costs them.  However,my husband ordered a beer and they were only a dollar!!  That's one heck of a deal.  My personal opinion would be to lower the house wine to a more reasonable price for us wine drinkers especially since the wine list is limited to begin with and bump up the beer prices a dollar or so.  Other than the $7 wine and the chef being insulted by substitutions this place is good so far.  The server was patient with us and didn't rush us to order but was attentive, this is great.  My husband ordered the Lasagna and I talked her into asking to chef to add mushrooms to my chicken fettucini and to make it spicy (at the risk of being kicked out haha)! She warned me that there may be a $3 extra charge for that which I really appreciate, I get so annoyed when servers don't tell you about those things. Both of our dishes came out HOT and just perfect in my opinion.  My husband said his lasagna was good but too watery but I had a couple bites and I enjoyed it.. We relaxed and finished up, were offered desserts but we were too full.  Bill came and it was a around $55 which for 2 rounds of drinks, and appetizer and 2 entrees I think that's a great deal and no extra charge for the mushrooms :).  I visited with the server a bit and found out the chef was the owner, Emery.  I think a nice touch would have been for him to come out and visit with the customers but he did sound busy, I heard a lot of chopping going on back in the kitchen.  The place was cute inside and clean, there was a side room that was really nice where you can host a private party or maybe even a wine tasting.  We go out to eat every single Wednesday and many times we want Italian food.  We will def be back to Emery's when we crave Italian Food.  I think it's awesome that the owner and his wife were cooking and shows hard work and dedication.  Everyone should give this place a try...
5	Great Henderson local spot. A mom & pop place with great people! The menu is great and reasonably priced. The server talked me into the German potatoes and they were amazing! A must place to visit for  Henderson locals!!
1	Seven of us went to an early dinner.  We like to visit local places.  None of us will be returning.  The service was good.  The food was OK.  The rules were not.  No substitution without a charge.  In an Italian restaurant when ordering potato baked or rice was the side with chicken dishes.  Wanting to sub that for a side of pasta was told that would be 3.50 extra.  To change the side dish of penne pasta on another order to angel hair was also a 3.50 charge.  If you want to use 2 different credit cards a 1.50 charge for each card.  So if you go, don't plan on asking for any changes or for anything extra.
1	Yuck. My husband and I went here for a date - trying out something new. At the end of the date we had both wished we hadn't. To start - the location is cool, I am a fan of water street. But the inside of the restaurant looks like someone is really into going to garage sales and just keeps piling up crap upon crap upon crap to decorate. It's terrible! There are more decorations in that one little room than there is in an entire knick knack shop! Also, the big statue in front - creepy. Not cute. The bathroom decor is super confusing, signs for love, and then on the opposite wall old advertisements for beverage flavorings...What???Alright lets move on to the staff. Our waitress, was terrible. We had told her it was our first time and she didn't care to introduce us, explain anything, NOTHING. It was our first time ordering and she offered a side that neither one of us understood and after thinking that she explained it my husband just decided to order the pasta. She never checked on us once throughout the entire evening. We got more attention from the bus boy and the hostess. Onto the food....the bread appetizer, was the BEST part. And I'm pretty sure I've purchased the exact same loaf of bread at Albertsons, on many, many occasions. I ordered the chicken penne, when it came out the sauce was SUPER thin and there was tons of water and oil in the bottom of my dish. It was disgusting. The taste was non-existant. My husband ordered the chicken parmesan. The breading of the chicken was soggy, someone does NOT know how to prepare chicken parmesan. Someone had DUMPED marinara sauce onto the chicken. Once again - disgusting. Everything tasted frozen, pre-bought, and canned. For the price I could have made 100x better than either what I OR my husband had ordered. It seems as though the chef doesn't care about his or her food. We will NOT be coming back.
1	My husband and I were super excited to try this place since it's only a few blocks from our house, but we were thoroughly disappointed with every aspect of the experience.The waitress who greeted us was cold and unwelcoming, and failed to mention that it was happy hour until I specifically asked her.We ordered two glasses of wine which per the happy hour special afforded us a free cheese "tray". The Pinot Grigio tasted like a Chardonnay and the Riesling tasted like Apple juice. The cheese tray was 9 dice sized cubes of less than average cheese and two bundles of grapes. We also ordered a caprese salad, which was comprised of cardboard out of season tomatoes, regular mozzarella cheese (not bufula as advertised) and topped with lettuce dressed with Italian dressing. The complimentary French bread was dried out and uninspiring.No part of our meal was enjoyable or inviting. We could have made infinitely better food at home and not have wasted $35 for two terrible glasses of wine, a cheap cheese plate, and a sorry salad.Will NOT be going back!
5	We have used Emery's La Barrista catering and both events were outstanding!  Most recently, he catered a dinner for 17 people.  Everyone raved about the food, moreover, everyone loved Emery.  He greeted all of our guests, took coats and generally participated in the festivities, to include singing in the kitchen.  Emery is a warm, gracious man who provides wonderful food.  It doesn't get any better! Mary & Steve
