4	great pizza by the slice.  I really don't know why this place isn't more popular, it is quite good pizza!
2	i was really unimpressed with the pizza here.it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night.cheap slices, and easy to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there.
4	For my money, this is the best pizza in Tempe. If the world was fair, this place would be as popular as Oregano's, although it is tiny. This family-run restaurant is very simple but friendly. The pizza is the main attraction here and it is the thin-crust type featuring excellent sauce. Although they have gourmet-style pizzas, I have always had great success just going for the basics: plain or with mushroom. Although I have never tried the calzones, they look and smell tasty. Once or twice my slices have come slightly more burnt on the crust than I usually like, but I even find this a nice quirk. I've grown to appreciate that type of style now. Warning though, the slices come out piping hot!
3	this place should be open till 4am it would get a lot of biz...great location...had the Montie cristo wich was good not fried....but not any thing close to the Montie cristo at the Blue Byu at disney land...$6.57 for sandwich chips and drink...(they do have some exotic flavors of Poor Brothers chips!)decore is of a barber shop turned Pizza place....white walls little tables (-1 star)the pizza did look good...
5	This place was pretty good to me. I'll just sum the stars up:(+1) - great tasting pizza(+1) - friendly service(+1) - two slices and a drink for $5.06(+1) - I pay with a $10 bill, get a $5 bill back, don't need no stinkin' change(+1) - My slices came from a freshly-made pizza, as opposed to the standard reheated shingle (I don't know if that's standard here, but I saw mine get sliced up fresh from the oven)(-1) - The to-go packaging consisted of my pizza slices on a large (but not large enough) plate, covered with foil & no bag, which doesn't  fucking cut it for someone who likes his car like I doUpdate: After a few more visits, I'm gonna give them a 5th star. It's really good stuff.
3	This place is once of those pizzas places that are off the regular beaten path. It has its own character and is a place people should test out if they are pizza lovers.. For me it was okay.. I got the meatball calzone at the suggestion of one of my friends.. It was good typical calzone, the crust/bread was the best part. The sauce was a little generic but I liked that they gave your a side of it, cheese was plentiful, meatball tasty.. .. Only thing I was fan was too much ricotta cheese, I can handle a ricotta but we're talking about mouthfuls of ricotta, over and over.. but overall it was okay, not the best pizza place ever but I'd go again
4	Otto's daughters are fucking hot. I'm a straight lady and they may or may not be of age. But those girls are cuuuuute. Sometimes they dance to '80s and indie pop mix tapes in the back, too. So, you know, if that's your thing, that's gotta be worth at least a star. Oh, what, you wanted to know about the pizza? It's fucking delicious. It's all thin-crusted and fresh and crispy. For by-the-slice, it blows Slices out of the water. It's also simple -- no Oregano's BS toppings (for the record, I like Oregano's pizza, too. But sometimes you don't want no rosemary-potato-goat cheese concoction; you just want pepperoni and some red pepper flakes).The calzones and pizza rolls are enormous and full of warm goodness.Their soda comes with crushed ice. Fuck you if you don't know why that's awesome. With girls that cute and pizza that good, Otto better watch out.
5	I LOVE this place! I miss it. I used to live on Ash so I would get it all the time but now that I live in Mesa I never go there, it's just too far. And even though I work in Tempe it would be a pretty heavy lunch, well at least what I always get, the calzones! They're sooo good, and worth the price. The ingredients seem really fresh and the dad and daughters that are the staff are so sweet. I wish there was one of these by my house in Mesa!
4	I wanted to try this place for a while, but they close at 9 everyday and I only crave pizza usually after a beer or two.Made it for lunch because of Nick's $5.06 lunch and was pleasantly suprized by the Za.  The place is very, very simple.  I expected a more boutique pizza, but for the money this is good thin crust pizza with a tangy sauce and good cheese.  They could dress it up a bit, but then it wouldn't be so cheap!  I will go back and try the baked sandwiches and calzones soon.
4	This was such a great pizzeria; the very thin and crispy crust. The pizza by the slice is an inexpensive and delicious way to go. Twice now in the last two weeks I have been there. I think next time I am going for their large calzones. Make sure to take advantage of their pizza by the slice with soda specials, there are great.
5	I started going to Otto's based off of a review on Yelp, and I wasn't disappointed. First of all, I love small, family owned type places, and I try to patronize their restaurants over large chains.  Otto's defiantly holds up its end of the deal and is worth the support. As one of the previous reviewers said, Ottos daughters are cute- and not only that, they are nice so that when I go in to pick up my take out pizza and sandwich every week I don't feel like I am treated like a faceless cog in their restaurant machine but as an actual person. Their oven baked sandwiches are good, though that is mostly second hand information- I personally have only tried the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, which is excellent. Their pizza is very good, with a tasty sauce and delicious crest with the right amount of snap. The Prices are good, too. You can get a good meal for pretty cheap with their by the slice deals they have up on the wall. One thing I have noticed- the by the slice pizza is better then their take out. Not by a huge margin, mind you- I sill take out at least once a week- but if you needed an extra reason to eat in besides Otto's cute daughters or the good by the slice deals, there you are.
4	For some reason, every time I am craving ravioli and am willing to trek the massive two miles over here, it's a damn Sunday and this place is closed.  Ah well.Everything I've eaten here has been delicious.  Pizza, calzones, sandwiches, ravioli, salad.. it's a real winner.  Another small, locally owned establishment that will have my business for as long as we're both around.
3	Working across the street from this pizza joint...I often visit to feast on their delicious calzones. For about 8 bucks you could have a large calzone prepared with various meets and cheeses...very yummy! The restaurant itself has a mom and pop feel to it. Very friendly staff, and they will remember your face as you visit often and show their loyalty to yours! The pizza pies are amazing, real cheese, cooked to order and very reasonable prices. A must try if your not looking for anything fancy...but want a good slice of pie with a quaint place to enjoy it.
4	Given the number of trips I've made to Cartel Coffee Lab, it's a little embarrassing to admit that I didn't know Otto's even existed before yesterday.  Thanks to my good friend Austin, however, I not only know where this place is, but had a decent meal out of the experience too.Otto's pizza is good. Big slices, decent quality toppings and all served hot. I didn't see anything sitting under a warming lamp.The slice and drink deals are great. Two big, fresh slices and and a soda was $5 and some change. I'm certain to venture Otto's again; they have a big menu to select from and I'm looking forward to trying out their other offerings.Bottom line, Otto's won't blow you away, but it will satisfy your hunger and will be a place you want to return to.
5	Awesome food. Get your shit together before you approach the order counter, because the French don't have time to fool around. For vegetarians i reccomend the Veggie MonteChristo. Yeah it is served with the melted chs. on the outside of the bread, you will learn flipping it over is much easier to eat it.
4	I am so glad that my friend from South Philly reminded me that I needed to put in a few good words regarding Otto's Pizza.  I really thought I had done that right after I ate my two slices of peperoni and sausage with extra oregano!  Was I dreaming about the review I was gonna write because it transported me back to Center City Philly back in the early '80s when I was a wee lass looking for lunch while loitering just off Locust and Broad?  Surely, I would recall the lovely floppiness of this pizza and all its juiciness?  And I really don't care that there is hardly anywhere to sit to eat it because I practically consumed it with my senses the moment it was handed to me over the counter!  And why am I not giving this pizza a five star rating?  Not sure...but maybe I did in my imaginary previous Yelp.  I need to comment on the salads here too.  All nice and fresh and well portioned.  I know they make other things here too but, I clearly could not get past the great slices there to have even remembered to actually Yelp.  All is reasonable and homestyle.  You will NOT be disappointed!
5	Ottos pizza is so good!  The price is pretty low and the slices are massive.  I love that they serve fresh garlic and not a paste.    Overall The pizza is amazing, the sandwiches are just so-so.  But if you are looking for great pizza than this is the place to go.Where else can you get 2 huge slices of pizza with 2 toppings and a drink for under 6 bucks?
4	If you are in the mood for pizza this is possibly the best pizza, no it is the best pizza that I have had thus far from tempe.  This is a five star if Tempe was the only place in arizona.They have amazing pizza that does not taste like a piece of hot cardboard with tomato past and a sad excuse for cheese.  Unlike other pizza places the owners are some real italians and keeps the company in the family.Recommendation: To anyone living in tempe and enjoys a REAL pizza.
5	Sometimes i swear that i have damaged my short term memory irrevocably, i have meant to write a review on Otto's for the longest time now and i always forget- not that they are forgettable by any means.Otto's Pizza is, hands down, my favorite pizza joint in all of Tempe. There is a lot of debate about what makes the perfect pie, and I'm not about to establish the ground rules, let's just say that my version of the perfect pizza was found here. Otto's is such a good quality pizza, and their other items are equally delicious, whether it be calzones, pastas, or their desserts. Their prices are fair considering the pedigree of their cooking. The atmosphere is quiet and space inside is small, but rarely crowded, with great patio seats for enjoying the cooler months.The gals who work here are gorgeous so xtra * for that!If it were possible i would sign a contract to only eat their pizza, bummer its closed on sundays!
5	Just ordered Ottos for the first time after finding it here on yelp. The pizza was cheap! and got here fast (under 30 minutes)! most importantly it was AMAZING! this is definitely my new favorite delivery place around campus. I thought it was awesome that they dont charge a delivery fee. i was able to tip $4 and know that the driver was going to get it all! plus $12 for an xlarge cheese pizza is a great deal!  Ottos has definitely found a repeat customer in me*edited 1/23/11*i just moved to texasand the one thing i havent been able to find is pizza as good as this places was!i must have ordered from them at least 30 times after writing my 1st review before leaving the state!
4	Pretty tasty pizza, we went in for a pick up.  I will be back.
4	Their hours overall are kind of sucky.  Like, I don't think they're open on Sunday.  I love pizza on Sunday.  Oh, how I do.  Sunday is my lazy day (I don't do shit!), so having a nice piece of pizza pie while I dutifully color an Aladdin coloring book or watch MST3K flat on my back is great.They're also not open very late.  If you only want Otto's on a Friday night, you're fucked.However, they are very good.  I love their pizza.  I love it.  I ate there not too long ago and the pizza was not nearly as good as it was in the past, but it was a fluke, thank God.  It's not pizza that's going to be world famous, but there's a certain and specific taste to the crust, the cheese, the toppings... I don't know what.  It's taste made for me and I want to have a large pizza made for me, the size of a car, baked all around me, and I want to eat my way out of it.Also, I love their desserts.
5	Excellent, clean and friendly little place in a highly convenient location near my favorite bar, Casey Moore's.  Love their pizza and as others have mentioned the father-daughter (niece?) team is friendly and brings out your slices to you with a smile.   Wish they had longer hours, but I still have to toss them 5 stars for offering good pizza in a clean, quiet, and unpretentious family place within close walking distance to Mill Ave. They do need to improve their sandwiches a bit, but I am sure if you ask for what you really want, you'll get it.
1	AWFUL SERVICE! Ordered a slice last time, and it was pretty decent and well-priced... but just ordered a whole pizza and the service was awful, I bit down into my second slice and THERE WAS A ROCK IN IT! A rock!!! How does that even happen?!Went to take back the pizza and they just offered to replace the slice until I asked for a full refund... then they shorted us by $3! I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!
5	Found Otto's from yelp. Great price great food! The delivery was awesome. The driver was super nice and it was really fast! This is out new place.
2	I really don't know why this place has so many awesome reviews.Seeing 4/5 stars made me have high expectations.My first time there was yesterday.I mean the customer service was ok.I had 2 slices of pizza with sausage and ham and it was just ok.With so many pizza places around, I've definitely had better.My boyfriend had a sandwich and it was very plain tasting, so he says. And, to me it looked just ok.Over all this place is just ok, but I think you got that.
4	The first few years I was eating at this place, I just ate cheese pizza.  When I try a pizza place for the first time, I just get a slice of cheese to see how it is before adding anything.  I fell in love with the plain cheese!  It took me a long time to upgrade to toppings, which I eventually did.My point is, if a pizza place makes a cheese pizza that you can eat over and over again, they are doing something right!I have had many items on the menu, and everything has been great.I like to sit out front at the couple of tables on the sidewalk.  It is on ASH right next to Casey's, so it is an interesting corner to relax and people watch.
4	Otto's is a gem of Tempe. Great ingredients make great pizza and sandwiches. You may have heard that from some other pizza place, that's because they are trying to convince you of something. At Otto's they wouldn't even think to mention their ingredients because you have no question whether or not this is good food!Their Chicken Parmigiana is divine. Simply one of the tastiest I've had here in AZ. Excellent sauce, tender chicken, great cheese...leaves you wishing there were more but unable to figure what you'd do with it.Get Pizzas delivered or to eat there for a group or by the slice for yourself. For dessert try one of their excellent pastries and cakes, it is in the name for a reason!
4	This is a great local pizza spot. It is not too small, yet not too big either. The pizza is great too. I can fill myself up and never feel stuffed or guilty for eating a 14 inch pie by myself. The veggie pizza is my favorite. The owner is a great man and he even has family working there as well. This is one of my favorite pizza places.
4	Good pizza, great steak sandwich, reasonable prices. Big pet peeve, charging for soda refills. Free refills are expected, and the norm at restaurants with soda fountains. Pisses me off when restaurants post the "$.50 for refill" sign on the fountain. Otherwise, they have limited seating, food is ordered at the counter, and their hours seem somewhat limited.
4	So.... this place has some seriously tasty pizza. I picked up a pizza from here the other day and it was very good, it was a saucy pizza, which is the way I prefer it, and the sauce was very flavorful, a little sweet, but not too sweet. The crust also had a lot of flavor and was the perfect golden brown color. Oh, and be sure to visit their website and look at the coupons, there are some great deals! We got a 16 inch pepperoni for 12$ and had half a pizza left over to eat the next day. Yum. I will definitely be back.... and to try the pastry one of these days.... mmmm
3	This is my favorite pizza place for lunch these days, since Slices decided to scrap all good veggie pizzas(their eggplant parmigiana used to be so good). I find the pizza a little greasy at times and almost always too salty. But, it does taste real good. I was feeling adventurous and decided to try their french sandwich. I recommend you to stick to their pizza.
5	One of the top Pizza places around! Awesome thin crust pizzas, the cheese is amazing, so if the pizza tastes bad it's only because of the toppings you've selected. One of my favorite lunch spots in Tempe!
4	Otto's has some very good pizza. I tend to order pineapple as the only topping, and sometimes it just doesn't mesh well with the flavours in their default cooking methods, but the cheese went well with the pineapple. It was also well-textured in that melted way. It was a little greasier than I would have liked, but the flavour of the cheese and the sauce both compensated well. The crust was crunchy and flavourful- sometimes very difficult to find in this area.I ate from delivery, so I can't tell you anything about the location. Delivery only took 20-30 minutes.
5	Otto's is wonderful. It's kind of tucked away on Ash & University, but it's a definite find. The business is family run and everyone working there is super friendly. The pizza specials are to die for. The slices are delicious, huge, and very nicely priced. Also, the ravioli is delicious and comes with a side salad. I'd personally recommend the spinach ravioli. I haven't tried everything, but if the pizza and ravioli are an indication to how awesome the rest of the menu tastes, I'm excited. So, really why wouldn't you come in?
4	I'm gonna have to side with the 4+ star folks on this one.There really just *IS* something about the pizza that makes it tasty.  I couldn't identify what it was, but it just TASTES GOOD, and that's what pizza should do, right?We had a sausage and onion, and they use red onions, a nice touch.  Everything tasted fresh and the hot wings were pretty darn good too - not too hot and not too fatty.They are on the EAST side of the building.  I walked all the way around before I found them.Definitely going to put them in my pizza rotation for Tempe area.
4	This was my second time here and the calzone was great just as the first time. The place is cozy and the girl working there is very courteous.
5	I have been going to this place for about 4 years every now and then since it is within short walking distance to where I work, and it is a delightful lunch place. I hardly ever get there pizza, I usually get either spaghetti and meatballs or caesar/chef salad. The salad's are delicious.. simple healthy and have lots of meat. The spaghetti is one of my favorite's! definitely get way more than you can eat more of a meal for two. I look forward to trying other things here also especially the lasagna, and all the staff are super friendly.
3	Came here for dinner about a week ago. Everything on the menu looks really good, and we decided to share a medallion pizza as it sounded pretty delish. Nothing was remarkable about the pizza. I couldn't tell you if everything listed on the menu actually made it onto the pizza. It's a cute place and the folks behind the counter were great. I may stop by if I'm in the area but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to get back here.
4	The pictures made this place look REALLY REALLY good. I'm a little bewildered that my pizza didn't look as good as the photos. Actually, I'm a little disappointed, because I am really into greasy pizza and this pizza was quite the opposite, I suppose my fiancee would be into this place.I also ordered a dozen 'hot' wings, which were pretty interesting. No hot sauce, they seemed to have been just dusted with some spices. It wasn't amazing, and it wasn't bad, just slightly above average.Overall, I liked the pizza, it was pretty good. The crust was simply amazing, the edges were fluffy in the inside and just crusty enough on the outside. The middle of the crust was well done, and extremely thin, but at the same time you could fold it over without having to worry about making a mess. The only complains I have is that the pizza was a little dry, both the sauce and the nongreasiness of the cheese. I'll be back to see if it can get better, because I think this place has a lot of potential.
4	Otto's is awesome. I actually surprised they arent busier than they are. My hubby always has a slice, I always (and I do mean ALWAYS) get the chicken croissant. So so good. and super cheap! The staff is always super super nice.My only complaint is that theyre closed on Sundays.
5	From my days as an ASU student to my visits back to Tempe as an old man, Otto has stood the test of time with solid meals at a great price. There are few things more satisfying than a good slice and an ice-cold Coke.
1	I can't believe the rating on this crappy place... The pizza reminded me of the crap they would sell at a bowling ally or roller rink. Plus Ottos is cheap 50 cents for refills. I ate 2 slices of my medium pizza now I am going to give it to some homeless person or I shouldn't put them thru the torture...
5	This is the thinnest crispiest crust I have ever seen and they serve it with a fork and knife. I love it!
5	In the heart of student-geared Tempe, lies Otto's Pizza & Pastry. A family operated and owned pizzeria since 1992. The french owner from Paris serves up New York style pizza with any toppings you can dream of. In between my favorite places, HTC Piercing and Cartel Coffee Lab. Tiny, intimate shop that has some of the most thinnest and crispiest pizza I have had in this city outside of Tucson.My previous fav's have been Tessio's and Jaime's here in Tempe. Otto is now my new favorite. The counter girls are super cute and you can see Otto slaving away in the kitchen. If you want something different than pizza, try the calzones, pastas, french sandwiches (Monte Cristo!), Italian sandwiches, or pizza rolls. The only qualm I have is that they are not open very late at all and they are closed on Sundays.
2	I like the cozy, home-style atmosphere.I like the cashier's charming, inviting attitude.I like the options for toppings.I like the dessert selection.I like your prices.But I just can't get into your pizza. Maybe it's my fault for ordering by the slice, and not a whole pie. I'm not expecting the freshest product, but I think mine was reheated more than once. Even individual servings shouldn't have rock-hard crust or visibly burnt edges. I understand that this place has a lot of heart, and for that I'm sure I'll give it another try for something beyond pizza, which I am a snob about. Had it been in pristine condition, IDK what about it would jump out. For now, it's a mystery why my friends are giving it nothing but 4+ stars.
5	great food, great service, a great neighborhood pizza house
4	Great pizza! Two slices and a soda for 6 bucks. You can sit outside and smoke to.
4	Nom nom nom.  Sorry...too busy eating my yummy pizza to write a more detailed review!!  LOVE that they have veggie pizza by the slice!!!!!
3	This is a great little spot with great pizza, parking sucks though.
4	I made an order for delivery one evening and was impressed with this pizza.  I liked the crust and the sauce and the toppings tasted fresh.  I have tried many places for pizza in Tempe and this one is up there with the best ones.
5	Im giving Ottos one more star for their stellar remodel! The place looks great! Gone are the mis matched chairs and patio tables inside, old bakery cases and grandma-esque art on the walls. In their places a half wall "Ottos" sign, a fresh coat of paint, great new matching tables and chairs, some Coke themed signs and other things, and my fave, the new wall art. Black and white pics of the kitchen, its vintage equipment, and the chef himself tossing some dough! Kudos guys!
5	Otto is on a roll - a very big pizza roll. For only 9 bucks, I received a monster meal that in my case had chicken, mushrooms, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese inside the incredible fresh pizza dough. All of this was served with a side of marinara. The crust was perfectly cooked with some slight burn marks and the inside was even better with all the fresh ingredients and tons of white meat chicken chunks. The entire thing (see photo) barely fit into their small pizza box, so unless your famished like I was, then your looking at tomorrow's lunch also. The menu covers most Italian favorites, so it will be nice to try the calzones or pasta next, but those rolls are what is going to keep me coming back (3 other varieties available). The greek with mozz, spinach, tomato, feta and garlic might be next.
5	The best pizza in Arizona by a long shot. Otto and his staff are very kind and respectful. The price is fair and the food is always delicious. I get a pizza delivered at least once a week.
4	We ordered from Otto for dinner today, and I'd have to say that I am pleasantly surprised. The delivery was quick (they said they would be here in 30 and made it in 22 minutes), and the pizza was still warm. I like the crust, it's nice and fluffy but still crispy. The delivery guy was nice as well! Only giving four star right now because this is our first time ordering from here.
2	Maybe because I have lived in New York, but I was really not impressed with the pizza. The crust was gluey and not crispy enough. The place itself was fine but I would not come here for the pizza again.
5	LOVE THIS PIZZA!  This is now one of my favorite pizza places in phoenix area. My husband i walked into this cute family owned business and were greeted with big smiles and welcomes. We ordered the Medallion and White half and half and it was super good.  We both lived in NYC and are foodies and this place nails it when it comes to crispy soft crust and fresh ingredients. Also had the greek salad and that was great too. It was a nice mellow clean environment. The prices are incredibly fair and i would pay more actually. top it off with a fresh chocolate cupcake and you will be satisfied for hours. AT the end of the day i'm extremely happy to be supporting a family owned local business to boot.  ..... i'll be back to try the monte cristo sandwich next time :)
5	Otto's is now open Sundays Noon to 6pm!!!! Sweet!!
1	The absolute worst pizza I have ever had the displeasure of eating. The soggy cardboard-like slab of "pizza" looked like it's flavor would reflect it's appearance but I was wrong. It was completely flavorless and had the consistency of half-dry play-dough. The olives on my pizza fell off as soon as I picked the slab up to take a bite. I should've demanded a refund but was too disgusted to stay anymore. I was speechless and dumbfounded as to why this place had over 2 stars on yelp. The one star that I did give was oven because Yelp doesn't give me a 0 star option. Avoid this place at all costs.
5	Best Pizza in Tempe hands down.
3	After reading some of the previous reviews, I had to give this place a try . . . While it wasn't Bad . . . It wasn't Great . . . just kind of BLAH.Small and homey with a coupple of outside tables . . . not big on the order at the window opening in the wall though.  I ordered the Otto Calzone (my 3 choices - Pepperoni, mushrooms, green peppers) . . . when it arrived at our table it was pretty big.  The problem was it was mostly air inside . . . and the pepperoni was missing.  What I did have was a pretty good mushroom and green pepper calzone with burnt ends.Would I come back . . . possibly . . . but it most likely would not be my first choice.
5	Tried the Veggie Pizza Roll this time. This thing seemed bigger than usual as it filled the pizza box both length and height wise. The fillings were all pretty fresh including mushrooms, tomatoes and olives. No ricotta in a roll, but plenty of mozzarella cheese. The price for the Veggie Roll at $9.99 seemed a bit much considering that a chicken roll is a buck less. The bottom of the roll also was a bit undercooked as compared to the top, but the toaster oven evened things out halfway through the meal.
5	Ottos is legit. I work across the street and eat there once or twice a week. The pizza is fantastic yes, but their other menu items are also amazing. Try the sandwiches. The servers are all super nice, and the owner himself is there every day working his tail off. Great local restaurant
4	Went there for the first time. I got a couple of pepperoni & jalapeno slices and a lg drink at a good price. It was under $7 Really good pie! I would definitely go back again.
5	Tried eggplants pizza.. Yes you read it correctly.. EGGPLANTS PIZZA.. the taste is phenonemal! The eggplants and cheese are just melt in your mouth. I am totally in love with this! Sure will get some more of this next time!
5	great lunch place, especially for the price. sandwiches are my fav. monte cristo is ridiculously good.  pizza is as well. if the food isnt enough reason to go, i once saw mike panza there while eating lunch, and yes, his beard is even better in person.  pretty exciting to see big time celebs in local places
3	Otto is a little nook that appropriately combines equal parts coziness and bareness to create the quintessential hole-in-the-wall kind of pizza joint. Now, there's nothing wrong with the pizza, per se... but the salty-gluey-mozzarella with red sauce combo is just not my cuppa tea. This tastes like the typical, heavy college-y pizza that is inescapable at this point in my life, but maybe I'll appreciate it more when it tastes like nostalgia someday.
5	No better pizza or calzone in town. Friendly staff, good combo prices, awesome awesome food.
5	I am a weekly visitor here and have loved everything that I've tried off of their menu.  Generous portions, reasonable price and very friendly staff.
5	Great pizza. Amazing calzones. Good specials for a slice or two. Nice girls. They used to have really good red velvet cake but they don't carry it anymore. If the person who owns Ottos reads this....Bring it back!
5	This is one of my favorite pizza places!! It's a tiny little place with hardly any room, but I think that's what gives it the charm that it has. The pizza is delicious and the girl who normally works the counter is super friendly. They have great lunch specials for those looking for a quite bite. Did I mention how much I love this pizza?
5	Awesome mom n pop.  I wanted to surprise my friend with a pizza and I live in California.  The corporate places all refused and this place was very accommodating.  Refreshing, thank you so much for help me out today guys!
5	Ottos is awesome, it is such an underrated pizza place. I highly recommend grabbing a slice if you're nearby! Great staff too!
4	My favorite crust in town! It's perfectly chewy and crispy at the same time. I lived in NYC for a while and I would chose this over Grimaldis or any other "New York style" pizza any day! Always friendly, and always fresh!
1	The next time I want microwaved hot wings and pizza crust that tastes like a water and flour slurry made love to a bland piece of cardboard, I'll be sure to hit up Otto's. I had to seriously blast those hot wings in the broiler to make them even remotely crispy and even then they were still rubbery. The pizza was so overwhelmingly mediocre we tossed the rest after dinner instead of refrigerating it. Also, calling in an order and then showing up 20 minutes later to be greeted with, "Oh, we didn't start your order because we couldn't call the number you gave us back," when they clearly had caller ID and the number was misheard one off, was new to me. So was sitting there for an additional 20 minutes and watching them microwave a plate of hot wings. Never seen that before either. I don't know how you're still in business, Otto's. Not even collegiate nostalgia will get me to stop there again.
4	Good pizza! Grabbed 2 slices and a drink for $5.25 lunch special.  Slices weren't huge but not small either.  Soft foldable slices.
3	So I decided to finally pull the trigger and order from Ottos. I got the ravioli and pizza with a ceases... The salad was whatever's nothing special about it at all. The pizza was good but the crust well it's different... The toppings and sauce were tasty. I liked the crust but I prefer a thicker crust I guess. The raviolis were good. They were by far my favorite thing ordered. Delivery was really fast but they gave me no utensils... Or napkins... Or condiments like cheese and peppers...  Overall decent food at a decent price...
5	The employees are all very nice and you can't really beat the prices. The slices are generously sized and absolutely delicious. I recommend the cannoli as well but you'll probably want to split it with someone, as it's super heavy, being a cannoli and all.
4	This place quickly earned a spot in my weekly lunchtime rotation. I've had the meat pizza roll and a slice of the Otto Frankfurter pizza and both were tasty. The quality of the pizza is solid and they've got a nice, crispy crust that's not too thick. They do sell slices of all their pizzas (see uploaded photos for prices) and I appreciate having a nearby pizza joint where I can get a slice and a drink for $5 or less. Thanks, Otto! I'll be back soon.
4	Finally found a great tasting slice in Tempe. Gus's, Slices, and all the other typical Tempe spots taste great after your fourth Long Island but when I want real slice of pizza for people who know what that means I go to Otto's. Perfectly located next to Cartel for homework, Casey Moore's for drinks and Ash Ave Comics for fun. I haven't tried anything but the slices and that's ok with me. Never had delivery or a whole pie either. If you're from a place where a good slice is important then you should try Otto's. Close enough to Mill that it's worth the walk and next door to Casey's if you just want to grab a slice for your beer.
4	This is the ONLY pizza place in Tempe as far as I'm concerned. Great crust, sauce and cheese. They do skimp on the toppings but they serve Frank's hot sauce. So that is a huge plus. I freggin' love that stuff.
4	The pizza here is amazing and the specials are a great deal! Maleka is always so helpful and nice when we come in. This is definitely our first choice of pizza every time.
3	Great pizza, the crust has this wonderful chewiness. Excellent value and quick delivery. Unfortunately I had to deduct a star and a half or so since they ran out of wings on a Wednesday night (which apparently happens all the time). Italian sub was pretty good as well, good bread. Will give them another shot and try to get wings again.
5	Usually pizza is pizza. However that is not the case when it comes to Otto's. I ordered the medium "Rainbow Otto" for $11.99 and cheesy breadsticks for $4.99. "The rainbow" comes with ham, pepperoni, green peppers and black olives. I could have gone without the breadsticks as they were mediocre. However, I was especially impressed with the pizza. I would say otto's has the best slice in all of Arizona.For excellent food the price is very reasonable. Plus they do not charge a delivery fee! I highly recommend Otto's to anyone looking for an exceptional pizza.
5	Excellent pizza!  We are visiting from out of town and thought we'd give the pizza a try.  Excellent decision.  We got sausage, pepperoni, artichoke and garlic and it was a perfect distribution of ingredients with flavorful sauce and crust.  Highly recommend trying it out.
5	I'm so glad I decided to try this place!  It was a Friday night and I was debating whether I should order from the standard chain pizza restaurant, when my boyfriend suggested trying someplace new.  So we turned to Yelp and found that this restaurant was nearby and had good reviews.We ordered the XL Philly pizza.  And embarrassingly, we finished off the ENTIRE thing.  I tried to stop myself, but it was just so good!  After two slices I was getting pretty full but I *had* to go in for a third slice.  And I reasoned with myself that it was a thin NY-style crust so not as filling as a regular crust pizza.  I liked that the crust, although thin, wasn't crunchy or burnt at all.  It was still soft and chewy the way I like it.  My boyfriend commented that he liked the way the veggies on top of the pizza still had some crunch - not soggy like at some other pizza places.I think this is going to become one of our lazy day go-tos!
5	I wish I could give Otto more stars. I'm leaving Tempe and will miss this place and the delicious Italian food. It's not just the pizza that's amazing but the sandwiches, the ravioli..the hot sauce. It's all family owned and homemade. It's delicious. Otto, your food is just delicious. This is a must try in Tempe.
4	Pretty good pepperoni & cheese pizzas. Tiramisu & chocolate mousse were alright. Delivered quickly to local hotel. Even returned with ranch dressing for the wings, which were very good!
4	As an eastern transplant, I've been desperate to find a good slice in Tempe. This is it. I can't tell you how many places I've tried to find a good slice and found soggy, flavorless cardboard made purely for Mill Ave drunks. This is not that kind of slice. A lot of people have recommended other places to me but for location next to Casey Moore's, Cartel, Ash Comics, and Mill Ave bars (don't go to Slices if it's early and you actually like pizza) this place is awesome. A good slice exists in Tempe!
1	We decided to try this place based off the reviews. What a colossal mistake! Walking up to the door we smelled something burning.  As we enetered we noticed there was not one single customer in the place.  We waited several minutes before being greeted by a rude young lady. She seemed less than interested in helping us even after we explained this was our first time there. Needless to say we did not stay. Instead we went to a restaurant down the street which ended up being a great choice!
4	The food is good. The have multiple specials, all under $8. They give you tons of food. The dough is good and light. Very happy.
5	Definitely a local favorite of mine and you can't beat homemade pizza Lol but to be honest my favorite is the chicken croissant or the Greek calzone! Oh and the mom makes the lasagna! They are a super friendly family owned place with a cool modern feel... Shout out to the ottos girls!
