5	This store is a gem.  I've been here a couple of times so far, and I'll be back many more.  You may not feel like you are a "greeting card person," but I guarantee that, while browsing their huge wall of cards for all occasions, you will find something that NEEDS to be sent to someone you know.In addition to the cards, there is a wide variety of craft and art work -- everything from photography and clocks for your wall, to t-shirts (for men and women) and jewelry to wear.  Not only that, but there is a selection of truly inspiring paper, plus ribbons and other supplies to get you feeling crafty yourself.All that being said, it's true - EVEN IF you had not a dime to spend, on yourself or someone else, this place is worth a visit, if only to gaze upon the handiwork of so many talented hands - both in the goods for sale and in the care that has been taken in outfitting the gorgeous space!
5	Amazing store, wonderful selection of unique cards and eclectic arty and fun gifty stuff. I stumbled across this place while in town for a very special occasion and I had so much fun I can't wait to get back ...did I mention the pinball machine?
5	I love this place and stop by on a regular basis, because they are always getting new stuff. First of all, I love the store facade and their careful, respectful yet totally funky renovation inside. The owners love their business and their clientele, and you are definitely getting the personal touch when you go there. They are always SO sweet and friendly and ready to help anyone who walks in.Wildcard has an amazing selection of unique cards and gifts and clothes and decorative items - many of them made by local artists and the rest made by artists they have discovered from across the US.  This is the "go to" place for that one-of-a-kind card, t-shirt, belt buckle, gift wrap, messenger bag, stationary or jewelry that nobody else will have.  They also host all kinds of fun events, so you just never know what's going to be happening or about to happen when you walk into browse after brunch at Coca or Dozen, or before your Happy Hour at Round Corner Cantina or New Amsterdam. For example, they recently had a pinball tournament and they also have a regular "Crafternoon" for locals to get their craft on.
5	This place is a gold mine of home made, kitschy artifacts.  There are awesome Pittsburgh t-shirts, hand made cards for all occasions, and neat books.  This store has tons of interesting merchandise, and I would definately take people from out of town there.  You can get so many neat little things.
5	This shop is a great addition to the Lawrenceville business district and Pittsburgh at large. The first time I walked in it seemed as though the store was created for me, so many awesome cards and locally made / handmade goodies. It's like having access to a great craft fair and assortment of Etsy sites anytime (well during business hours!) that I please, without crowds and shipping and handling. I recomend this store to everyone who needs a thoughtful, unique card or gift, as well as crafters and pinball enthusiasts. Check out this store, you won't be disappointed.
5	This store is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh and the first stop I make when buying gifts. In addition to all of the amazing handmade products, they have vintage pinball machines. Plus, with all of their amazing greeting cards, I'm now writing more postcards and sending more letters then ever. Check it out and encourage more local business.
5	Living around the corner from this shop is a very dangerous thing.  I walk by almost everyday and gaze longingly inside at all the wonderful handmade crafty goodies and precious greeting cards.  I've only allowed myself to go in twice and each time I've left with wonderful treasures.  I like how this store combines local handmade items with an art gallery, and even sells craft supplies and has pinball machines!  If you are looking for a gift for someone who has everything you are sure to be able to find something that speaks to you here!
5	Wildcard is a beautiful place to visit.  And that's just the building; it is stuffed to the gills with merchandise that draws you in.Lots of unique cards, handmade clothing and crafts, art, and a couple vintage pinball machines that are free to play.Worth the trip to Lawrenceville if you don't live nearby.  Staff are friendly and super accommodating.
5	Hands down the cutest store EVER.  Those are strong words, and I totally mean it.  The design of the store, the concept and the super staff all make for my favorite shop in town.   I've found so many great things here that every time I go it makes my wallet hurt so good.  I got most of my holiday gifts there, and never even think of anywhere else when I need a card or gift.   You can tell immediately when you see the building facade that it's going to be a good time. I like a good time, and I like Wildcard!
5	This is one of the most aesthetically pleasing shops in Pittsburgh. You walk in and it's like a veritable Wonderland of handmade gifts, original art, and the kind of jewelry that makes you wish you could sprout several more appendages to wear it all at once. But even aside from the wares, Wildcard's own design is visually stunning: from the floor to the ceiling, to the colors on the walls to the pin ball machines in the back;  they even have a vintage meat case-turned-counter. (Not to mention, some friendly people standing behind it!)You'll want to spend some time (and money) there.
5	SOOOOOO CUTE. So many amazing things to look at. The art in the store is also awesome. I was a little overwhelmed by the amount of cards, but that's a good thing.
5	Wildcard is one of the coolest shops selling handmade goods I've ever been to. Leave it to Pittsburgh to be on par with Paper Doll, my go to place for cards in Chicago. The selection is really varied. On my visit, a woman was looking for a christening card for twins. I'm pretty sure the owner Rebecca was able to scrounge up something that met the woman's criteria. How specific of a request was that?The space is really roomy and it's a comfortable store to browse without feeling cramped. Being a maker of paper goods myself, I ended up buying cards. Whoops! There are lots of gifty things perfect for many types of people. I will be back the next time I'm in the 'Burgh.
5	Not your run of the mill Hallmark store.  You'll find very unique and specialized cards here.  Most of them are incredibly funny cards that will be a far cry from the normal "wishing you a happy birthday."  Along with selling cards they also have hand made goods for sale.  These include jewelry, purses, shirts and other trinkets.  In the back you'll find specialty wrapping paper.  They're closed on Mondays so keep that in mind if you're making a special trip.
5	I buy so much at Wildcard that I am single handedly putting their offspring through college. And we're not talking public university--not that there's anything wrong with that, U of W girl here--but these kids will be able to go Ivy League if they want. I think Wildcard is supposed to be a stationary boutique, but I always end up buying things that don't fall in that category, and which I didn't know I wanted but somehow suddenly need. One time it was squirrel salt and pepper shakers, then a raspberry truffle candle, and who can forget the upcycled wind chime made out of forks? But if you're on the hunt for paper goods, they have those too.There's an entire wall of cards (lots of them hand-printed), ranging from funny and absurd to poignant and beautiful, that you could sift through for hours searching for the perfect note to wish someone happy birthday; if you aren't into snail mail, the rest of the store has gifts with a local focus. Things like Pittsburgh-centric totes and t-shirts, retro jewelry, recycled journals and any other quirky thing you can think of (hello plushie wiener dog) are stuffed in every nook and cranny. I suggest spending some time digging through all their weird ephemera if you want to find a treasure that feels like it was hidden just for you. Be sure to wander all the way to the back of the store because there's a tiny gallery sort of hidden in a little alcove that has well-priced original art pieces. They even throw parties for art openings where you can chat with the owners and munch on popcorn and cookies.
4	Wildcard on Butler makes Kards Unlimited on Walnut feel like a Walgreen's with an aisle of gag gifts and tween vampire novels. If you want to support local and national artists, craftspeople, screen printers, and offset presses, Wildcard is one place where you want to spend your cash.Here's what we liked most: Stellar collection of cards, rotated often, from tragically hip to vintage nostalgic. A small gallery space with exhibits by local artists. Excellent DIY wedding books. Selection of 412 and PGH cards, and stationary. They also sell and support work from several local PGH art and craft collectives. Brilliantly awkward cat cards from KATE FUNK. If you like brilliantly awkward cat cards, they don't get any better than this. Well-edited selection of kitschy crafts, from tea towels to handmade Star Trek pins. Antique pinball machines that really play!Here's what we liked least: The owners. As as a previous Yelper noted, this quartet of two guys and two gals is initially awkward to interact with, at least at first, and they don't go out of their to engage their customers or sell their product. However, I also imagine they started Wildcard because they love cards and crafts, not because they love giving great customer service for the sake of customer service itself. It's somewhat true, the women are usually busy with their computer screens, and the dudes always look like they're "filling in." Once you talk to them, though, you quickly realize that they're polite, engaged, warm, bright, and friendly; more than that, they care about what they're selling, and they want you to care about it, too.Definitely a fan of Wildcard.
5	Wildcard is like the store of my DREAMS. Letterpressed and screenprinted cards, sheets of handmade paper, adorable jewelry, compelling artwork, and locally made Pittsburgh stuffs galore! I seriously cannot walk out of here without buying something. In fact, so serious is it a problem that my boyfriend only allows me to come here when I absolutely need to buy a card for someone!Their card selection is smaller than your average card shop, albeit all quality (no filler!). And trust me, having worked at both Papyrus and Paper Source, I definitely know more than I should about cards and paper. Considering such a large percentage of their products are made by local artists, you rarely have to worry about the uniqueness of what you're getting. They price reasonably and their stock is always changing, so I never feel like I'm seeing the same stuff over and over again.Last but not least, great place for all things Pittsburgh! (I've amassed quite a collection of vintage PGH postcards by now, thanks to Wildcard...)
4	This hipster gift store celebrating the local has a twin (a TWIN, I tell you) in Davis Square (Boston; that store's called "Davis Squared"... har har har). Both stores sell slightly overpriced but awesome artisanal art/craft/gift stuff, as well as t-shirts featuring "I (bicycle) (Pittsburgh/Davis Square)". That's cool. So cool.What I liked a LOT about Wildcard (and, well, da burgh) is that some of the local art talent was LEGIT. I got an AWESOME pair of earrings that were really unique and fun, and I discovered a lot of really interesting and awesome local artists (Steeltown Anthem, Cardamom Press) that I'll be able to order from (sorry, store!!!) the Intertoobs when I'm back in Beantown (sorry, burgh!!!).
4	I like to call Wildcard my Etsy outlet. I mean seriously its an awesome place to find some fun Etsy hidden treasures. A las I am NOT a fan of their staff super stand offish and I feel like they give you that "Can you hurry up and leave look" sad face. This review would be five stars if their staff had a little life to them.
5	Such an awesome store! I always find great handmade gifts here. You will definitely be able to buy something unique for either yourself or someone that you care about. Lots of "etsy-like" items. The employees are really kind. They always let me carry my (very well-behaved) chihuahua inside when I am walking by so that I can take a quick look at their new items. And they support local artists!! So cool!
5	I'm wild about Wildcard.  This place is so cute and offers unique items in addition to cards.  Can I tell you that their cards are super original and quirky which I love.  I'm not a big card fan but these are da bomb!  Such wit and sarcasm in a small foldable piece of paper is worthy of my $.  I also love that they keep a plethora of Pgh themed shirts in the store.  I purchased the one where the neighborhood names make up the map of Pittsburgh.  There are others I would like to purchase but those are for future visits.  I definitely recommend this place for those who are looking for some original cards or just some random, "just because" gifts.
5	Just happened upon this store this weekend, and it is fantastic! So many wonderful, unique items. Knocked out a good deal of Christmas shopping here and found things for myself as well. I will definitely be back!
3	I like Wildcard and recommend it often, however, I do wish they had a larger selections of blank cards. Seriously ... the store name is Wildcard and the card selection is rather tame. They do carry an unusual selection of birthday/anniversary/baby/other greeting type cards, which is a nice change from typical card stores, but they need more blank cards. I go to places like Wildcard to buy unique cards that I can add my own words to, not just sign my name to another's words.I also wish there was less Chronicle Book offerings and more handmade stuff. I can buy Chronicle anywhere, usually much cheaper, but I'd prefer to spend a bit more and buy something made by someone who does what they do because they love doing it.The staff is a bit stand-offish, but that's okay when I first walk in. I hate that uncomfortable "can I help you/no I'm just looking" interaction. However, when I engage the staff, it would be nice if they attempted to engage me, which has never happened.Parking is easy, which I love. Parking in Pittsburgh is usually a nightmare, even more so than my hometown, Boston. Nice to have a place where I know I'll be able to park and not have to break the bank to do so.
5	I am SO happy this place came to Lawrenceville.  I can always find fantastic gifts here and have snabbed some pretty awesome shirts for myself.  The selection is a fantastic mix of many different artists.  I highly recommend checking this place out.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Awesomely quirky is quite adequate to describe this place.  From the moment I walked in I couldn't stop looking around.  I swear a half hour was spent in there just browsing before I decided to make a purchase.I think I may have been over stimulated in here at one point.  It's a very awesome store that has Pittsburgh themed items from clothing to post cards.  I'm definitely going to have to go back when I have time, and more money in my pocket to pick me up a few of those shirts.I ended up getting a card and an awesome gift for mother's day here.  Made it easy to do with all the quirky items to choose from.
5	"Cards and Stationary" and license plate cuff bracelets, and screen printed PGH Tees for babies and grown-ups, and hand bound journals, and books, and... Well you check it and add your own.The $10 gift card I received for volunteering at Handmade Arcade Fall 2011 was burning a hole in my purse. Serendipity lent a hand when I had to come up with my own PGH Detour to head North from Blvd. Allies. A quick slip over Polish Hill, right, left, right and I was in the heart of Lawrencville. The quarter lot across the street sealed the deal. Deciding what NOT to buy was the hardest part. I decided on a licensed plate cuff bracelet, mini mini elephant and horse for my Sweet G, pink flocked wrapping paper to upcycle a battered wooden tray at home, a quirky graduation card, an even more quirky baby shower card, 2 PGH architecture books, and lastly a French repro post card I will frame for my bathroom wall's delight.The salesperson was lovely although, not as chatty as I was. I don' t think I can hold that against her though.The said $10.00 Gift certificate? After carrying it around for months on end, I left it at home. No biggie. I will use it next time. And there will be a next time. My little hipster in training has declared her piggy bank "cents" will be spent there.
5	So much cute stuff - kind of expensive (one of those "If I was rich I'd buy everything here" places), but a great place to stop in to get unique cards and as many little doo-dads as your budget allows. Also lots of great craft project kits that I was too intimidated to commit to.
5	Bumping this up to five stars.I recently stopped in looking for a card for a special occasion.  After browsing the selection on the shelf and not being able to spot the perfect card I asked the employee working that day if there were any cards that had a cupcake on them.The employee did a quick search on the racks and showed me one I overlooked.  Wasn't impressed by it and as I stood there contemplating whether or not I was really going to purchased that card, the employee was busy doing a search.  The employee went to where they store cards.  The employee pulled out the perfect cupcake card and saved the day.As I was paying and about to leave I just had to let them know how much I enjoyed their store and helpful they are.  Ever so humble, the employees thanked me and just reminded me to keep coming back.
5	This place is such cute-Yinzer-overload that I'm kind of glad I no longer live in Lawrenceville, because I feel like I would be finding all sorts of excuses to pop in and browse around.They have a little bit of everything: cards and stationary, t-shirts, jewelry, buttons, notebooks, and tote bags. Lots of it is Pittsburgh-themed, but all of it is the sort of thing that makes you go, "LOOK AT THIS!" and pull your shopping partner over to check it out.Among my favorite items: their notebook collection. They have standard journals, mini notebooks lined with graph paper, Moleskin journals (for you hipsters like my husband who can't take random middle-of-the-night notes without one), and best of all, review journals! Yes, that's right, you can buy a restaurant-review journal to help you draft out your Yelp review right from your table! (Restaurants, wines, books - you name it!)I love their local flavor items, including Pittsburgh guidebooks, 'Burgh t-shirts, and Yinzer buttons galore. There's something for anyone on a gift list at Wildcard, and the prices are reasonable for a small, locally-owned shop.They also have monthly 'Crafternights' in the big workspace at the back of the shop, which I will definitely be hitting up this winter!
5	Because of the name I wandered in here to pick up a Thank You card for a friend and came to find that this store is so much more than just cards. It's really hard to describe; in addition to cards there are other writers needs like pens, stationary, and moleskin notebooks. Throw in some random trinkets (buttons, figurines, much more) and awesome Pittsburgh-themed T-Shirts and you quickly come to realize that Wildcard has a little bit of everything.
5	Love this shop!  I can get lost in here....so much fun stuff :)
5	This store feeds my shopping addiction.On a trip to Pittsburgh a few years ago I drug my husband through the shops in Lawrenceville and I fell in love with this shop. I could quite literally spend an entire paycheck here on their unique handmade items. On the first visit I bought a shirt and many flower adorned headbands. This last trip I bought another shirt, that's just as great as the first, and a pair of earrings. I also wanted everything else in the store, but that's another visit.If you love unique items, and have an hour or so to kill to look at everything, I highly recommend getting lost in here! Great shop!
5	This place is my first stop for gifts of all sorts.  So many unique gifts for all occasions.    Cool books, nice Pittsburgh-y shirts, bric a brac, art, you name it!  I try to keep walkin buy instead of stopping in as i want to buy everything in the store.  so cool  and very friendly employees. go there!
5	Fun place to shop for unique gifts. Lots of local & handmade items. Overall prices quite reasonable.
2	I wanted to like this store- it's cute, and sells local art and crafts. Unfortunately, the cashier went out of her way to be condescending about a mispriced item, ruining the friendly atmosphere.
5	The best card/gift shop I've ever been too. If you live in the East End and aren't shopping here you need to do so immediately.
4	Adorable merchandise... Seriously.  I can't go in without walking out with something!  Great Lawrenceville location, parking lot right across the street, and a really large selection for a smaller store inside.  Only reason why it doesn't get 5 stars?  Semi-apathetic staff every time.  Seem bored or disinterested.
5	I LOVE THIS STORE!!!!! It is definitely pricey, but I prefer to spend a little bit more to support a local business and local artists. If you need a gift for someone or want to treat yourself with a little present, you can probably find something amazing here. They have unique greeting cards, prints, tshirts, jewelry, books, and a lot of other novelty items. I had to stop myself from buying everything. Lots of Pittsburgh themed stuff too!I will definitely be back soon!!!!!
2	2 stars = Meh. I've experienced better.I don't know if it's a "Pittsburgh thing" but the employees are not friendly. No "Hey, how's it going" or anything. And the store was dead which made it awkward. It was silent, they didn't say a word while we browsed. I had wanted to go here because I saw that they carried Kin Ship Goods. Unfortunately, they didn't have any of their sweatshirts. Bummer. My boyfriend did buy a t-shirt and I bought a print to hang on my wall from another Etsy seller that I've had my eye on. There's a bunch of places here in Columbus that are similar to Wild Card. Wholly Craft and Tigertree are better alternatives with friendly employees. Oh well.
5	I adore this store so much! I discovered them during Lawrenceville's annual blossom tour this year and haven't been able to get enough of them since! Wildcard specializes in cards but they are so much more than cards! The cards they have are so unique- all from small local and /or independent businesses! Most are blank but with unique and adorable pictures/quotes on the front.They have journals, unique journals, dolls from the kreepy doll factory, wooden postcards, vintage postcards, zombie finger puppets... A little bit of everything! Literally! Yes it's all a little pricey, but they support local businesses and unknown artists... How awesome is that? Therefore I support them. I would rather purchase a $5 hand made card from here than a highmark card anyday. Make sure to follow them on Instagram! They have giveaways and contests randomly and are always posting their awesome new products! Definitely worth a drive over to lawrenceville! :)
5	So what do you get your brother the uber cool motorcycle designer and artist when he has a baby?A squiggly awesome weener dog toy and funny card that likens having a baby to becoming an after hours diner. Where do you find it? Here. Think knick knacks x1000 super beautiful unique wrapping paper, thoughtful books. This place is a guilty pleasure gift givers paradise. Once when I was small we had a county store in my rural ny dairy farm town. Filled with bulk candies, marbles finger toys I remember my excitement and glee looking at the array of goodies. Thinking what will I choose and then touching everything.... Naturally.Wildcard evoked that memory for me. Is it overpriced..... yea ... do I care? Nope. These are the kinds of cards and gifts you probably will not find anywhere else in pittsburgh. Lawrenceville you're winning for fun shops of the boroughs with me.
5	This is the most unique "gift/hobby shop" that I've ever been in. I could spend an hour just looking through everything in this cute little store. The only problem - I want to buy everything!
