2	We're currently one third of the way through our lease and I cannot wait to move out of this place. The property looks nice enough and the grounds are well kept, but our experience here has been lackluster at best.The staff is rude, for starters. They don't handle complaints in a gracious or timely fashion. We had an issue with a drawer in the kitchen that kept tipping in. They came out five times before I gave up on that. Yes, it sucks, but that's par for the course here. Last Monday, something caused a flood in the bathroom/hallway/kitchen area after hours. It took the on-call maintenance guy over an hour to arrive, and he couldn't find the source of the flood, which had thankfully stopped at this point. The carpet person arrived another ninety minutes later, ripped up the carpet, sucked up the water and set up a large fan. By Thursday, I was asking the office when they would be replacing said damaged carpet. They told me that they would just be cleaning it and not replacing it. They also said that I told them the source of the flood was the second bathroom's toilet (I did, really? It's good to know I live in Imagination Land.) On Friday, I went into the office again, and they told me they'd be out to clean it that day. Right around closing time, the carpet person's assistant showed up, removed the fan, and did no cleaning or tacking down of the carpet. He said he didn't know he was supposed to do those things and didn't have the materials to do so. Finally, eight days later, they have tacked down and cleaned the carpet, after much nagging by me. I have never had to work so hard to get basic service from an apartment complex.In addition, they do not keep track of packages in the office consistently, and I have had mail go missing on more than one occasion.They also roll water and sewer into your rent price. They recently raised this, so our rent went up, mid-lease. I am disturbed by the fact that they can change what we pay pretty much whenever they like.Pros:- Close to shopping and grocery stores.- Easy to get in and out of.- Relatively quiet.Cons:- Rude, non-responsive- Things don't get fixed properly.- Price may change.EDIT: The complex changed ownership at the end of my lease, so this review may be completely outdated at this point.
4	The Enclave at Paradise Valley, is it worth consideration and a visit? Like you, I did some internet research while seeking a decent community prior to moving. What I found, however, was hardly helpful. It became readily apparent that the only parties posting comments online were disgruntled current and/or former tenants, and employees of the communities in question trying to do damage control. Obviously you could not expect a completely objective assessment from either of those two parties.I moved into The Enclave (formerly Paradise Trails) in November of 2010, with the intent of only staying for 6 months while searching for a house. Well, the house search took a little longer than expected and I ended up here for a year, but I think I can offer you a qualified opinion that you may actually find useful.Prior to moving in I compared all of the surrounding communities to the Paradise Valley Mall, and this was hands down my favorite. Here are the items that I considered important in my search and their status at the time I moved in;RENT - Discounted, very competitive, and it has remained essentially the same throughout the year I have lived here; I believe it was increased by roughly $8/month at some point to account for changing utility costs.DEPOSIT - At the time I moved in, waived OAC.WASHER/DRYER - Full size units in every apartment.FLOORPLAN - Very open, with ceiling fans and walk-in closets.UTILITIES - Water/Sewer/Trash were included in the rent I was quoted, and the only required utility not included was APS for heating and cooling. I was concerned about efficiency, as the window panes do seem thin, however I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised. My unit is a 2 Bed/2 Bath, and I am not a miser. I keep my A/C between 75 and 76 degrees during the summer and my heat at 78 degrees in the winter. My highest electric bill was $145 in July, the hottest month of the summer.As far as the staff and maintenance goes, I have never had an issue. The original staff when I moved in was replaced when the property changed ownership recently, and then too the temporary staff that was in place during that transition, but I have found every one of them to be very pleasant and accommodating. The ladies in the office now, who I believe are intended to be the permanent staff, are no different. Grade A.That's pretty much it in a nutshell; I'm not doing a commercial and see no reason to get into any amenities or options. Not that they do not exist or are not nice in themselves, they are just very secondary to me when considering a place to live. Plus, they're very visible should you tour the property, and you'd be able to make your own assessment then if those things are important to you. Good luck!
5	I got an AMAZING move-in special, and a very competitive rent considering the location and amenities.  One of the things that sold me on this place was actually the very sincere and accomodating customer service I got out of the people running the show.  I also love that there is washer/dryer in the unit.  To me the convenience factor is worth at least an extra $50 a month.  I am within biking distance of Target, Wal-Mart, Chase, Chipotle, TJ Maxx, Whole Foods, and Paradise Valley Mall ... and that is just what I've discovered so far having been here a week.  Everything is in one place, and there are probably half a dozen bus routes close by too.  I specifically like Route 39; it travels on the 51 between the mall and the Central Avenue downtown area.
4	Lived at this place for a year, it was the best apartment-renting experience I've had since moving to Phoenix.I'm not sure if I got some deal or something, but I'm paying roughly the same to live down in an apartment in Tempe which is terrible and doesn't have the amenities of The Enclave. The apartment I was in included a washer/dryer and the on-site gym is really easy to get to, clean, and has adequate equipment enough that I didn't need a gym membership at any of the nearby price-gouging gyms.Anyway, to the brass tacks- I was paying about $640 after taxes. This to live in this uppity area, with Paradise Valley Mall and four grocery stores all practically within walking distance. The staff was kind of hit-or-miss, but okay. Anytime we had a maintenance issue they helped pretty much immediately. The only snafus were once when my lady had a minor altercation with a staff member who refused to turn off the loud TV when he was working out in the gym (which is odd that a staff member was doing so) and once a mailed package was lost despite being signed for by a member of the staff. Not sure if this was more UPS's fault or the staff member's, though. Still irritating.For the price, though, this was a steal for renting in this area. Apartments are nice, the neighbors we had were mostly cool, and I didn't have to worry that my girl or I were gonna get jumped or robbed or something like most other areas of town.
3	Here's an update.As any responsible person might do, I asked if the folks at the Enclave would be willing to report my rental history (i.e. my always-on-time payments) to credit reporting companies. I was told that they "don't report positive information" to credit companies. So, they only report negative? What a bunch of negative Nancys, eh?In all seriousness, that's disappointing and indicative of laziness and spite and I'd say it's unprofessional. Oh well, I still stand behind what I said about the neighborhood and price. The staff is pretty iffy and inconsistent, though.
