4	I love that Ulta is a one stop beauty store. They have everything from high end to low end products for all your beauty needs. It's convenient and easy to get what you need and leave without any hassle. If Sephora run out of the makeup items that I want then I would come to this Ulta to check if they have it in stock and they usually do which makes me a very happy girl. :) I also purchase all my salon brand shampoos and conditioners here. They have a great selection of different bands. Will I continue to shop here? Of course I will!
3	I've been to Ulta before to get stuff over the years.  I love coming here because I feel like they carry the whole gamut of product that you can't necessarily find elsewhere.  Yes, they also carry products that are sold at other stores, but they have an awesome selection of product that you can't just find anywhere (like Target etc)They have a little bit of everything, and over the years, I think they've added more.  Makeup, tons of hair product, accessories like brushes, flat irons and the like.  I really do love shopping here.The downside is that their a bit pricey.  Obviously it hasn't stopped me from shopping here, but they aren't cheap.  Also, I used to purchase Jonathan products here, and was looking for some more when I came in, but they don't carry it anymore.  When I mentioned it to the girl, she gave me some garbled answer about them not having carried it for a few years now.  Um, I didn't buy it THAT long ago, and I can't imagine Jonathan's product pulling their entire line?!?!  I can always go on Amazon and get his stuff anyways, but I really liked his product.  Oh well.I didn't have any problems with service this time, but when I asked for a certain product, one girl looked at me and was like "wtf are you talking about? I've never heard of that."  The other one stocking overheard me and we asked where the product was and she walked us right over to it.  Random.Either way, I do shop at Ulta when I need specific products and love how the store is set up.  Will continue shopping here (ok, maybe not at this location) but their brand as well, so keep up the good work!
3	Wow, years and YEARS after this store moved . . . Yelp decided to update the business information. Anyway, I love the emporium of beauty products that's ULTA! Not always the most amazing customer service compared to say, another big beauty chain, but Jason the manager has always been kind, helpful, and Raelynn at the Benefit Brow Bar is a doll. The coupons are one giant game of "What can I or what can't I use these for?!" Sure, 20% off or $3.50 off $10 is fantastic, but read the fine print: You can't use them on prestige cosmetics / certain prestige hair care lines  (except 1-2 times a year, ugh) - Which is why most of us set foot into an ULTA in the first place, no? Hey, it's good for getting mascara at a cheaper pricer than at Target or Walgreens, so guess there's some benefit there. Love the new ULTA-Mate rewards program. Those random "Play Time" points that appear in my account are always tempting. They carry the entire BareMinerals line (Minus Buxom) at ULTA, which is convenient when I need to pick something up on my lunch break. Anyway, 6 out of 7 days I don't wear make-up beyond SPF moisturizer, mascara, lip balm and a brow filler. But when I bust out my Urban Decay Naked Basics palette on the weekend and get dolled up in my BareMinerals, I want it to MATCH my skin tone as much as is natural. One guy that matched me here picked a BB Primer / Matte Foundation that turned ORANGE on my face and skin. Listen, I realize spending 3 hours in the sun daily makes me a bit on the dark side, but I'm not Jersey Shore Bimbo-Orange-Skinned, either. Ended up going to the actual BareEscentuals Boutique at Chandler Fashion Center, and this guy was off by a good three shades. If you must buy your BareMinerals foundations at ULTA, make sure you get matched at their CFC Boutique. The staff there are futher trained than the ULTA staff, as those guys have to learn numerous lines. Thanks for being convenient, ULTA, but I'll sure as heck never let you attempt to match foundation on me again.
5	What can I say.  All the beauty essentials I need, and even more I didn't know I needed.  Their prices are decent and with their app you can always save a little money.
4	I like this ULTA location.  This location is super clean (compared to the Camelback store) and the employees seem friendly and the usually willing to help.
