3	Structurally, the restaurant is quite charming - in a row of buildings on the national register of historic places, lots of exposed brick and tin ceilings.Lunch service is "leisurely" - not quite slow, but certainly not at a pace that will get you back to the office in an hour.The menu always underwhelms me though.  Not sure if it wants to be french (see the cheese plate appetizer which is large enough to be an entree), southwestern (several items are infused with chiles, corn, avocado or black beans) or something else.  This is a place we go once or twice a year as a change of pace.  But I can't seem to find anything compelling to bring me here more often - although I'd like to find one!Note to either server or kitchen - if the soup of the day is a Shellfish Gumbo, why put calamari in it?  Or has calamari become a shellfish?
4	This place is the full package - they have excellent food, great service, and a nice wine list. I love the quaint atmosphere of the historic location and the paintings by local artists as decoration. I also love the fact that they are big proponents of using locally grown meats and produce whenever possible. I highly recommend the local vine ripe tomato salad. On one visit I had the honey mustard glazed salmon with coconut basmati rice & asian mango salsa - delish! The desserts are fabulous as well. We have only eaten here during the week and the place is rather small, so if you are planning on going over the weekend, I would definitely call ahead for reservations
4	Real nice local place in Matthews. The outdoor seating is really nice for people watching and the food was above average. The menu was somewhat normal for I did not see much that really jumped out at me but the service was good and the quality of the food was above average.We will be back for lunch or maybe dinner.
4	Big city dining in small town -- intimate atmosphere with a chef who clearly cares about taste and presentation. The dishes all had fresh, seasonal ingredients that really made the food stand out from other restaurants. The waitress was attentive and knew the menu well. Highly recommend if you are dining outside of Charlotte.
5	This place is really romantic and cozy great menu and great service.
4	Been there twice now.  Well worth it!  Great food and service.  Love the atmosphere.
4	First time I ended up here, it was on a whim.  I was out at the Black Chicken wine bar for a tasting but found out that the tasting was moved to Sante for a special event.  Sante was serving a 3 course meal with the champagne tasting.  I figured that it would be a sampling of food with champagne - but I was amazed by the food - the presentation, quality and even quantity of food was superb.  I almost didn't notice the champagne (which is NOT like me).  Everything was presented beautifully and it was all delish.  Service was good, too. I later went back during Queen's feast (Jan 2011) with a large group and was "wowed" again.  Everyone in my group loved it, too.The atmosphere is nice - very romantic with the European feel with close tables.  The pricepoint is a little on the high side - although the quality is worth it...but I save it for special occasions.
4	Beautiful Romantic Dinning Room!  Comfortable, Charming Romantic Patio!  Intimate and did I mention Romantic?  Everything was very good!  Last night (Sunday) was my first dine here and this is one of the places I picked to taste for Charlotte Restaurant Week!Gazpacho was the First Course - Chocolate Cake with Raspberry's was the second and Beef Tenderloin (ordered rare served Rare!) with potatoes and green beans was the third course. The service and food was all very good - Nothing was excellent!  The decor might get five yelp stars everything else gets a solid 4 stars!  I'll be returning for sure!
5	Love the food and vibe of this romantic little treasure in Matthews.  Great place to take a date or meet girlfriends for lunch.  The chef is very talented and always makes something new and yummy. He cooks with the seasons and uses fresh ingredients from the local farmers market where he is often found doing cooking demonstrations.  I would eat here everyday if I could since this is my kind of food. Don't miss the cute little covered patio.  Feels like a little bistro in Italy back there with sparkling lights at night.
5	Love this little romantic restaurant.  Great food and atmosphere.  Check out the covered patio!  Also a wonderful place to meet your girlfriends for lunch.  Every time I eat here the service is good and all my friends love the food.  The chef is also very handsome and attentive!
3	The service was awful. It was probably 15 minutes to get menus; three hours to get thru entrees and dessert. We were in absolutely no hurry but geez that is ridiculous. The patio is totally non descript and overlooks a parking lot.  My husband's dinner looked very good, my scallops were fine, served with beet risotto, tasty but there was some sort of puke green sauce that was really weird. The bread pudding was delicious. We walked to music in Stumptown Park after which was nice. A pleasant enough meal but kind of doubt we'll be back.
4	I was in the matthews area and decided to checkout downtown Matthews. I spotted Sante and we decided to check it out, glad that we did. This is a very charming little restaurant, nicely decorated with art from local artists and a great ambiance. Definetly a great spot for a romantic dinner.We started with cocktails, I had the "Lovers" martini and my wife had the "Strawberry" martini, both were excellent, although the first round took quite a long time to receive. We decided on the avacado egg rolls and gazpacho soup as appetizers, both appetizers were excellent and very flavorful. we wanted to try the crab and avacado towere, but they were out of this dish for the evening, maybe next time. We moved on to the beet salad and aragula salad, again both were very good.For dinner I chose the Mustard crusted salmon, it was simply amazing and cooked perfectly. My wife went with the scallops and they too were PERFECT, The service is very friendly and not overbearing. Most of the service staff appear to be very young, but they have definetly been trained well. This restaurant is worth the drive from uptown and downtown Matthews has a great small town feel and there are enough other bars and restaurants in walking distance for a nice night out. WELL DONE SANTE, KEEP IT UP!!!!
2	We went here on the last day of school. It was one of the few places that didn't have a line...no wonder. The menu had maybe 15 items. Apps, sandwiches and a couple of daily specials. I got the fish and sweet potato hash offering. I didn't eat but half of it. The men in my life are very adventurous eaters and none of them were impressed. We sat outside in the back, it abuts the parking lot. The waitress had to run through the kitchen and down a little flight of stairs. She was often gone, obviously, and we had no one to assist or serve us. So we waited. And waited. Also, it was pricey for what you got. My lunch was $15 which is a tad high and my husband's meal was overpriced - $12 for a roast beef sandwich? Matthews downtown is freaking adorable and the other options there aren't a lot better. For sandwiches, I'd  walk over to Kristopher's. Our friends said this place wasn't great but we like to find out for ourselves. This place isn't that great.
5	My favorite special occasion restaurant for many reasons...downtown Matthews, quaint building, chef visits with diners, quiet, lets you take your time, uses local farmers market produce... Did I mention delicious food!!??
5	I dined at Sante for the first time on Saturday, November 9, 2013. It was fabulous. Really fabulous. My dining partner and I began with the she-crab soup. The portions were generous so we both tried not to eat all of it, trying to save room for the entrees. But that was impossible. It was the best crab bisque I have ever had. We nearly licked our bowls.I followed with the pan-seared sea scallops with black sticky rice and a lovely sauce. I'm not sure if it was the roasted carrot sauce that they show on their website menu, but it was delish. The sea scallops were perfectly cooked and **surprise** the food and plate were just the right temperature when they arrived. This is one of my pet peeves--too many restaurants don't account for the time between kitchen and table, serving food that is nearly cold when it is supposed to be warm/hot.My dining pal ordered the lamb special. You know how it is when the food is soooo good that you forget to speak with each other? That was how it went at Sante. The service was perfection and I love that the space is not noisy, even though it has many hard surfaces. We decided the ceiling tiles must be acoustic and that is why it stays so quiet, even when the dining room is full like it was on that night.I'm not sure when I will be back in the Charlotte area again, but when I am I will make a bee-line for Sante.  You should, too!
4	They ran out of cobbler.  Gee dang it, that cobbler looked good.
5	Excellent food with an intimate feel. I prefer the back patio area. The menu changes almost daily and veggies come from local growers.
4	Ate here last night for Restaurant Week despite living in Cornelius and it being in Matthews based off of one thing: bacon wrapped trout stuffed with polenta, crawfish, and taso ham. I'm originally from Louisiana and it tasted like Louisiana and North Carolina had a delicious baby. The food was outstanding. My only complaint about the food was that I ordered the mussels to start with and while they were delicious there were quite a few empty shells and no loose mussels in the bowl that just escaped. I wish I knew where they had gone because I wanted to eat them. My boyfriend has the zucchini cakes and holy sweet mother they were amazing. Just the right amount of spicy and sweet. For desert I had the pot de creme and he had the cobbler and both were equally to die for. So why am I only giving it 4 stars? I felt our waitress, while super sweet and nice, had her attention possibly focused somewhere else. Everything came out in a timely manner and she even held our deserts for us so we could finish our glasses of wine I just wish she would've asked maybe once or twice more how everything was. I also felt a little awkward just walking in and there was no hostess stand or anything, which I think someone else mentioned. I would definitely give it a try not on Restaurant Week for a special occasion since it is quite the hike.
3	Went here for my fiancee's birthday dinner recently!  I was so excited to give this place a try.  Locally owned, right down the street and somewhere we had never been before!  When we got there, the waitress seated us at a table near a window.  There were only about 10-12 tables in the whole restaurant and I was actually surprised at how many people there were.  It happened to be 1/2 off bottles of wine night so we ordered one of those.  There were two servers both of whom were very sweet and accommodating. We started with a featured watermelon and arugula salad, which was really good.  For dinner, I had the steak and my fiancee had the featured dish (a grouper with a saffron couscous i believe).  The first time my steak was over cooked, but they fixed it and sent back out a better medium rare.  Everything had a good flavor, but what was the most disappointing was the prices for this type of food.  We spent 100 dollars on a bottle of wine, a featured fish dish, one salad, and a steak.  If it had been a filet or some other cut of beef, it would have been a little more reasonable to ask people to pay 24 dollars, but this was an 8 ounce skirt steak.  I just don't see the value in that.  If this were a little more reasonably priced, this would be somewhere we would frequent a lot.  I think they also get most of their vegetables from the farmers market across the street, which is nice.  It was just a bit disappointing.  For the price, there are plenty more locally owned places with the similar feel to them.
4	I love this place, I just wish the prices were a little lower so that I could go more often. The quality is escellent and the portions are a good size.
5	We came here for our anniversary. We were looking for something close to home and romantic... well found it!  Plus or server made our night. Thanks Noelle!!!
5	Excellent,  chef quality food, wonderfully served in a friendly,  gracious manner, all in a charming room.
5	Great food, great atmosphere. This is what a restaurant should be. This place embodies everything that is good about high end European restaurants, but right here in Matthews.
