4	Newest location in South Park.  Amazing decor. A+++Same menu as Rea Road location.Only complaint:  Take your thumbs out of my food when delivering it to the table.
4	This is a new outlet for Firebirds.  I've enjoyed every visit to the Rea Rd/Stonecrest location and this one was up to the same high standards.Decor is very similar - upscale cabin feel.  Lots of dark woods, high beams on the ceiling.  Seems like the bar area is larger here than at Stonecrest and the restaurant seating is smaller here than at Stonecrest.Menu looked to be exactly the same.  (Doesn't the menu vary from one location to another with 131 Main?)  Our table of three women at lunch were apparently craving beef - one steak salad, one cheeseburger and one french dip sandwich at this table!  All plates were clean at the end of the meal.Server Rebecca talked us in to dessert.  One was large enough not only for the three of us to share but we could have made two or three additional new friends!  It was a white chocolate/dark chocolate mousse cake served with tequila-soaked strawberries.Monday is half price wine day - both glasses and bottles.  So go ahead, order the bottle at half price and they will re-cork and send home with you whatever you don't consume in the restaurant.Parking was a bit sparse in this new shopping area.  I had to circle the lot a couple of times before finding a space.  What's with the "reserved" spots close to the retail and restaurants?  Reserved parking close to residences I understand.  Close to retail makes no sense to me.
4	Recently had another great lunch at Firebirds.  I'm really becoming addicted to the French Dip sandwich!One of our party ordered the ribs.  And while the server didn't offer after the plates were cleared, we REQUESTED a wet nap for post-ribs cleanup.We were VERY surprised when a hot wet towel came to the table - much more effective and much more pleasant than a disposable wet nap in an impossible to open package!Kudos to Firebirds - but offer this before it's requested!  Those who don't think to ask will appreciate it.
4	Came here with coworkers while training in NC. Seemed like the spot for Cisco workers as there were about two other tables of various sales managers having dinner meetings. Had some sort of steak which was good but forgettable (Longhorns was better), but what rocked my socks was they Double Black Diamond cocktail which was pineapple infused vodka with more pineapple. So good, I think I had two!
3	Talk about a salty potato! They roll their entire potatoes in rock salt. I didn't realize how overwhelming that would be to my tastebuds and body until I felt a heartattack coming on. I asked if I could get another potato not covered in salt and they said all their potatoes were like that. However, my server did scrape off the salt and brought it back.I ordered the filet mignon, medium well. The server about gasped because I was ruining the steak. My husband ordered the Bleu cheese sirloin topped with mushrooms, medium. Mine came out too well done and I returned it (had a slight issue with that experience, but in the end I  was happy). The manager must have thought I was a "difficult" customer since I had an issue with my potato already. Anyway, my husband enjoyed his entree! The service was pretty good, especially the young man that his only responsibility was filling up our glasses! Never went without water for even a moment!All in all, a good night out. This place seems popular and has good service. The food portions were large and good. Just prepare your body for a large amount of salt intake.
2	Our family went here for a celebration last Friday night.  It was bumping and the atmosphere was cozy/crowded.Things I liked:  Free valet service, call-ahead seating, crayons and a colorful kids menu that had non-fried options, and a unique high-chair that looked less uncomfortable than most.  Also, the Cucumber Gimlet Martini was refreshing (if you are a gin drinker) and the soups (tomato and chicken tortilla) were both yummy.  Our server, Kendra, was nice and did her job well.Things of which I was not a fan:  My chief complaint was the SALT!  This was the saltiest food I have had in a while.  It was so salty that my dad cancelled a side order of spinach after tasting someone else's.  Every leaf was covered in salt.  My son's chicken and my husband's sandwich were both very salty and my mom said that she thought the kitchen staff may have accidentally double-salted her burger.  I tasted it and it was . . . salty!  I asked for double rub on my "Delmonico" so I was not as disappointed by its saltiness - though what I was looking for was more spice, which cannot be added separately from the other ingredients in the rub.  Also the wines by the glass are pricey. A friend who joined us ordered the sesame-coated salmon and it was NOT too salty.  I had a taste and it was yummy.
4	This is my favorite chain steakhouse in Charlotte, but the Rae Rd location has better service, especially at the bar.  Excellent food, much better price than Sullivans, Ruth Chris, Chimas...  The house martinis are all good. The seared Ahi Tuna is a must, the chilli rubbed delmonico steak, Baked potato is salt rubbed ust right, mushrooms, and the creme brulee cheesecake for desert.  Make sure you call ahead or you will be waiting.
4	Thought  I would meet some friends at Firebirds-Southpark. This was my first time at the restaurant. Service was excellent. I am so inclined to agree with Krishan. Greeted promptly by the host and introduced to Matt, our server. I had the Steak Sandwich cooked medium well. It too was great.  The seasoned fries were a bit lukewarm but tolerable. The lemonade was profound, but for 3.50 I thought I should have gotten at least one  free refill. Overall my experience was great and I do plan to make a return visit.
3	This is just about the bar, since I haven't been back for their food because they are too salty for my taste. Impressive bar and a great way to end a night. The bar is large, open, and colorful. The patio faces Sharon Road and they have comfortable furniture in a large space. The servers are very friendly.The fancy drinks are around $9 each and good. Although, I think on Wednesdays some of the drinks are half off. I had some pineapple drink and it was just like kool aid. I slurped it up in no time. Go for the nice atmosphere and tasty drinks!
3	My family loves this place in Richmond, VA, so I was happy to give the Southpark location a shot.  There's nothing special here: it's a slightly upscale chain restaurant in an artificial "urban" shopping center.  That said, the food was pretty tasty on a tired Tuesday night.I ordered the parmesan-crusted flounder with mashed potatoes and spicy pecan green beans.  Those beans were seriously good.  The rest of the dish played second fiddle but was still quite appetizing.  My wife had the wood-fired salmon with a loaded baked potato and it also received thumbs up.The service was friendly but pretty slow; it took 10 minutes just to get him to return the check.  I guess other reviewers have noticed this as well.I liked the place.  If I'm shopping in the area, I'll definitely consider it.  However, don't count on me driving over to Southpark just to go to Firebirds.
3	It's ok.  Lunch is kind of expensive, even for a place like this.  $11 for a salad that was good, but not eleven dollars good.  It's a  chain that tries to be somewhat upscale but it doesn't work.  If I'm going to go an upscale place, Firebird's would be low on the list.  It's in "South Park:, so there were a lot of older rich people, so I guess it's a good locale.
3	Oh, how I want to love Firebirds. It's within 10 minutes of our house and so close to Southpark mall, Earthfare and the Barnes and Nobles. But sadly, it has consistently fallen short when we don't just stop in for drinks. The positives - location, decor, and drinks. I've already spoken about it's convenient location. The inside decor is very nice and laid back, and I love the bar area with the fireplace that you can sit next to while enjoying a cocktail when it's chilly outside. The drink menu is also very good. You absolutely have to try the Black Diamond drink. If you've ever had a Stoli Doli from Capital Grille, it's the same thing but with Sky Vodka instead of Stoli. Basically, a juice box for adults. Love it...but be careful; they'll sneak up on you if you have more than one. The negatives - dining room service and food. The service at the bar is just fine, but when you get into the dining room, the service level drops off significantly. The food is also well below par for the price range. We started with the chicken quesadilla, which was okay, and I ordered the fish of the day as my main course. It Mahi Mahi and was to come with sauteed spinach and tomato and parmesan mashed potatoes. They brought my dinner out and it was literally swimming in tomato sauce (which effectively destroyed the mashed potatoes). The fish was prepared well, and the spinach and tomato pieces were also very good...I'm just not sure why they would drown it in tomato juice. In the end, this is a great restaurant for drinks and possibly appetizers, but I would recommend heading to another restaurant in the area if you're looking for a full meal with good service.
3	Dropped by here for happy hour and it was just alright.  I thought the happy hour menu was a bit lacking with not a lot of options and it was really confusing as to what drinks were on sale.  Waitress said something to the effect of all wines are half off during happy hour and the menu said $5 or something. I just ordered house red and it cost me $6. I don't get it... $5 would be acceptable, but not more ;/  Oh yeah, the house wine was average and it was kind of cold like it was refrigerated to make it last longer.  Nonetheless, I got druuuuuunk - yeah, I'm weaksauce.Ordered the BBQ Beef Sliders, Queso Dip, and Potato Skins - the sliders came out really quick and had too much sauce in my opinion. The skins were actually pretty good as they were topped off with bacon, green onion, cheese, etc.  I didn't like how the cheese separated from the potato skins. The queso dip was okay too, but their tomato/onion salsa was pretty friggin' good.The waitress was okay, but seemed like she really didn't want to be there or something.  Would I come back here? Maybe, probably not for the happy hour menu, but I do want to try out their regular menu.  Gotta see if their wood fired grill is all that it's cracked out to be.Nothing funny happened =(dmo out.
4	Great food...very solid menu, something for everyone in your party of picky eaters. Always well prepared, and wait staff is always very sharp. Perfct place for a business dinner, or just a relaxing evening with friends.
3	It's a bit disappointing when a restaurant (or a person, or a job, or a movie, for that matter) doesn't live up to its potential. This Firebirds has a lot going for them: decent sized menu, great location in SouthPark, pretty outdoor patio and nice, attentive service. But even with all of these seemingly nice features, the main component - the food - falls short. I enjoyed a lunch on the patio and while it's lovely, there isn't much of a view. Maybe I'm just too short, but all I saw were shrubs in my face. I ordered the fish tacos made with Mahi Mahi, served with roasted almond couscous. Sounded pretty damn tasty, and for $11 I went for it. While the couscous was generous in portion and toasted almond-y flavor, the fish tacos (the entire point of the meal) left a whole lot to be desired. For one, there were two tiny cubes of fish on each taco - I ate much more slaw than fish. But the main issue? The fish was incredibly salty...so salty I was downing my water and could hardly taste the flaky Mahi Mahi underneath. Sad fish. I ate the couscous instead. I think I'll head back to Firebirds for a cocktail at the bar...that seems to be more up my alley!
4	We went for restaurant week, because we look forward to the Queen's Feast like some wait for Christmas. The cilantro lime viniagrette is so refreshing on the greens salad. The chili rubbed salmon on mashed potatoes was wonderful, just enough kick to not be too spicy, as I'm a huge wimp. I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because of the desserts, I tried both the creme brulee cheesecake and key lime pie. Maybe they should do a complimentary glass of wine instead? Just an idea!
4	Wine Down Monday!  1/2 priced wines on Monday - nice Pinot on special.  Like this location better than Rea Road - quieter - hostess sat us quickly and efficiently.  Waitress was excellent - only complaint and it has happened more often than not - upon opening the red wine, they try to push the cork back into the bottle!!!  We always wait until they leave and then remove the cork but that would be part of the wine presentation course!  Like they do not serve wine at room temperature - coming from California I was astonished upon moving here how many of the upscale places serve red wine at room temperature - slightly chilled please!  Manager came over to make sure all was good - food was served quickly and exactly as ordered
4	Had lunch today at Firebirds with my mother.  I am a big fan of Firebirds, they consistently have really good food.  It was fairly busy and service was good.  I had the crab cake salad and mom had the cilantro grilled chicken breast.  Firebird's salad are always a good pick.  They have a great variety, from fried chicken, grilled chicken, shrimp, and crab cakes added to a really fresh mixed green salad.  The cilantro lime vinaigrette is a must.  However, I was a little disappointed with the crab cakes today, a lot of bread crumbs and filler and not very much meat.  I don't know if it is a new measure to cut cost, but not as good as it once was.  On the other hand the cilantro chicken was tender and grilled perfectly.  I will of course go back to Firebirds, but probably won't order the crab cake salad again.
4	I wonder if the walls of wine and liquor bottles shouldn't be on some "great wonders of charlotte" tour. That's what you see on entering, and it definitely sets the mood for the evening.While I can't comment on the entrees (which were out of my price range this particular evening), the colorado salad was outstanding without having to pile on the usual unhealthy ingredients that makes salads taste good. We had an excellent server that really knew both the food and drink menus and was a very enjoyable and attentive person. Definitely a good place to relax with friends, though not necessarily if you're on a budget.
2	Picked Firebirds in Southpark due to the positive reviews. But overall, I was disappointed with the steak. I ordered the ribeye since I wanted to taste that "wood fired" flavor. It was 14 oz for $24. Not too bad compared to other steakhouses. Being from Chicago, I consider myself to be somewhat knowledgeable about good steaks, so I was hoping to find Firebirds to be a good steakhouse.However, while it was decent, I compare ALL steaks to Outback which I use as my calibration measure. And I've gotta say that my Firebird steak was not nearly as good as one I can get at Outback, which costs less there. Now don't get me wrong, I am NOT saying that Outback is the best steakhouse out there. Not at all! I'm just saying I compare all steaks to Outback and measure the quality, price and value against each other.What I found odd about my Firebirds ribeye was that it lacked the succulent juiciness that is a requisite for a steak to be enjoyed. It wasn't tough, but "chewy." I love the inherent buttery, tender quality of a fatty (and high quality) ribeye. But this steak did NOT have that quality. I wasn't expecting USDA Prime, but this steak was probably USDA Select (2 steps below Prime). That's my guess anyway due to the "chewy" nature.The good news is that everyone else seemed to like their food. My wife and Father-in-law had the Prime Rib which they said was good, but served only "lukewarm" and not hot. The Creme Brulee cheesecake was the star of the evening. While that is great, the STEAK should have been the star, not the cheesecake!Not sure if we'll go back. Maybe they were just off that night. Honestly, I can do much better using my Big Green Egg at home.
1	Went back for lunch, just to see if our first experience was a fluke or not. Unfortunately, it was NOT! Ordered the burger, and the waitress asked if I wanted it done "well or medium well." I said NEITHER. I want it MEDIUM. She said they don't do that! WTF? So you serve trichanosis beef??? Sure enough, it came back DRY. Well done. What a freakin' shock! This is supposed to be a fine dining establishment. When McDonalds serves better burgers for less than half the price, then this is NOT the place to come. We will NEVER come back here again. In my game, TWO strikes and you're OUT!
2	My wife and I used to frequent the Firebirds in Ballantyne quite a bit.  Loved the "aspen"-like atmosphere and wood fired cuisine - so we were stoked when they opened the second location in South Park, about 2 miles from our house a couple years ago.  At first it was great, just as good as Ballantyne, but my guess is that  a different manager took over, because it simply is just not as good as the Ballantyne location any longer.  Everything has suffered, the food quality is less, service is meh, and you just get the impression whoever is running the place is trying to turn it into an Applebees - seriously... an Applebees.  Seriously?  Buffalo bites on the menu?  Balloons tied to the tables for Valentine's day?  c'mon, this place is supposed to fall somewhere in between Outback and Ruth's Chris, and instead of moving their offering towards the prime steakhouses, they're falling backwards!  I will say, the lobster queso appetizer, even though over the years has steadily decreased its lobster to queso ratio, tastes great.  They have a salmon entree that's also delicious.  Also when order a steak, you can get a "side" salad for like 5 bucks - which is huge, definitely big enough to share with your date.  My problem is, I want a steak when I go there, and the meat quality at the South Park location is bonk - even compared to the one in Ballantyne.  I can say that about the small and large bacon wrapped filets, the prime rib, and the ribeye - all have gotten tougher and grizzlier over time.  Honestly the best part of this place is the bar area - it's a great place for drinks after a day on the grind.  This place is being relegated into "lunch-only" territory for me.
4	Pretty cool atmosphere here - although a few more families than I expected to see here, since it gives off that upscale casual feel.  My parents would never have spent that kind of money on my 6yr old palette and attitude.  But hey, maybe times have changed.  Anyways, I was in town for work and staying close by so this was one of the many options around the SouthPark area.  And if you are in the mood for some steak, you should definitely stop in. I started a salad so loaded down with bacon that it might have well been named "plate of bacon bits with lettuce".  Which I'm not complaining - it was darn good.  I love bacon.  And when my steak arrived, I loved that too.  Tender and juicy but a little cool.  And yes, I ordered it rare but only the center should be cool.  Not the outside. I'm not going to dock points for that since during this particular trip to the Charlotte/Fort Mill area, I was served plenty of cool food.  Maybe it is regional thing?The woodfire they have going in plain view of the restaurant is awesome -and smells soooooo good.  I would definitely be back here on another trip to the area!
3	The ratings for Firebirds depends on it's competition.  The Sharon Rd location has so much to compete against for the menu.  Difficult thing is, it is an odd niche.  Fantastic vibe to the place.  If the food quality was that of Sullys, Del Friscos, or that level, this place would be crazy good.  The quality of food for the money is good.  In that district, if they had the top teir food, the enviroment supports it.   If you have kids though and you want something nicer than the basic family spots, this would be a good fit.  It all depends on what you are seeking.
4	Had the turkey burger and waffle sweet tater fries.  Yummy!  The ground turkey had a wonderful charcoal flavor, served on soft bun with fresh lettuce and tomato.  The sweet tater fries were crisp and hot. Service was good. Food was great!One negative to note,  it is very loud in this restaurant, no soft surfaces to absorb noise.
4	Yum! Colorado Chicken Salad with Raspberry Lime Vinaigrette is a must. Superb salad every time. Great service. Great atmosphere.
4	I've been here twice with close friends for dinner and drinks. I'm a fan. At both visits, the waitstaff has been tremendous. On my first visit, we tried basically every appetizer on the menu. The wings, sliders, nachos and coconut shrimp were all pretty good. The fried chicken salad was enormous and very tasty. The chicken was great and the mixed greens were fresh. The bar is nicely stocked with a wide variety of liquor at various price points, and it looks cool too. Price for food is reasonable and they email you with discounts from time to time. They even have live music on the patio sometimes. It's pretty cool. If I could change something, I would have liked more variety as far as beers go, but overall I like it and would recommend it.
2	*sigh*- do not sit at the bar for dinner- make sure the waiter listens to you and has the right order- pricey foodWe sat at the bar since there was a long wait for the regular tables.Started off with smoked chicken wings, asked for ranch - instead got blue cheese! The wings were alright, nothing to rave about.I love French baguettes! The bread that was given to us as a starter was warm and good.  The salted butter complimented well with the bread.Prime rib was actually mediocre. It had some flavor, but it just needed just a tad bit more. I loved the au jus more than the meat itself. It was a let down.Overall, I am not pressed to come back. The restaurant has a nice ambiance to bring friends to drink at the bar. The food, meh, I pass.
4	The best moderately priced steak in the SouthPark area! Everything I've ever ordered has been great. Friendly staff and nice relaxed atmosphere, without excessive noise. One of my favorites, especially the filet mignon and the ribs.If you're not a meat or fish eater, not many vegetarian options (my wife doesn't eat meat)! She loves the salads though!
4	I love firebirds and eat here often, they have one of the best hamburgers around if you are willing to pay the $$ also addicted to their house salad... great specials during the week and the bar area is a nice place to relax, especially when its cold and the fireplace is going.
4	Service is Excellent here!!!  Much better than "Brick Top's" in the Service area!  As far as Service they are also better than "131 Main"!  Servers here are more friendly and much more attentive than "Bricktops"!  Firebirds Servers know their Menu better than both the others!  Don't you hate going to eat at a place where you know the Menu better than the Servers?!?On Food Quality Firebirds is Very Good, very similar to the competition!On Food Flavor, FireBirds competition wins on almost EVERYTHING, yet Firebirds (at least this location) continues to improve!  I have eaten here more than other Firebirds locations (I have eaten at the Stonecrest Location three times, North Lake Mall two times and Winston Salem once)...Baby Back Ribs Quality 5 stars... The Flavor is Very Good, though the Sauce is not good enough for these Ribs!  "Brick Tops" wins first place and "131 Main" gets a close 2nd place, Firebirds loses on flavor, still they are very good, close to 4 stars... These would be 5 star Ribs if the Sauce were better...BBQ Sauce (Java) sounds like it could beat almost anyone, it does not!... 3.4 starsSlaw (Tricolor Tortilla, Purple Cabbage, with Roasted Pumpkin Seeds wins over "Brick Tops" and "131 Main"... Slaw is not that important to me!Baked Potatos are much better here than "Bricktops" (Bricktops has been known to not serve Baked Potatoes at Lunch and run out of them at Dinner, when they do have them they are not that good... One of the Bricktops Managers said Baked Potatoes are not that popular with their customers AND that Baked Potatoes are Labor Intensive, they really only want to serve Fries!Firebirds Steak Fries 3 starsFirebirds Sweet Potato Waffle Fries 3 starsIn the War of the Fries (their is one in the World of Rod0) Bricktops beats almost everyone (not counting those who use Goat Fat, Coconut Oil or Lard) 131 Main has Very Good Fries too, though I would not go just for those!Onion Rings 3 stars - "CowFish" and "Red Rocks" win the Fried Onion Awards, Roosters could compete well here too!Key Lime Pie - Bricktops beats everyone in this category - NOTE to The Owners of Firebirds, start with a new Crust, best thing to do is go to Bricktops and get inspired!  I would rather be eating here than either of the competitors and that is why I keep coming back here... My friends and Family want to go to Bricktops because the food is better... Do NOT be afraid of your competition, you have them beat in Service by a LONG shot!!!  Go in their and get a piece of Pie... OR you could have a Public "Stand-off", don't do that you are not ready for it!2nd Note to the Owners tweak your BBQ sauce or CHANGE IT COMPLETELY!  Bricktops is Beating you here and I'll tell you a Secret and it is NOT a Bricktops Secret it is and "OUTLAW" Secret : : Peppercorn Blend!!!  Your Ribs are HIGH Quality and Deserve e a better Sauce!!!  You can do this...if so many people like your BBQ sauce keep it and make an improved one and see what happens!3rd Note to the Owners - This one IS Personal!  I WANT YOU to WIN!!!
3	This place seems like a local version of Cheesecake Factory. Don't know for sure, but food really caloric. Overall, food is good. Waitstaff is really pushy about some things, asked about ordering one appetizer about 5 times.
3	My original review was is listed in the next paragraph, but i wanted to update this to reflect the generiousity of corporate Firebirds.  Less than 24 hours after writting my review I was contacted by someone in Firebirds that both called and emailed me to express their apologies for the service I experienced.  This was very nice and unexpected.  They offered to credit my transaction, though I declined because I did eat and it was not fair.  However, they said they would like to send me some gift cards for my troubles.  I thanked them expecting not to see anything.  A few days later I received $50 gift card to give them a try again and another $50 gift card for another restaurant in the area.  Though my service was very bad the first time I visted this place they're corporate staff went over and above to resolve the issue and redeem themselves for the incident.  Because they were so nice and responsive I will be making a point to go back and give them a fair and honest second review not taking into consideration my first experience.  Review to follow in coming weeks.I waited 45 minutes for 2 appetizers because they were out of the prime rib.  I was by myself.  The food was just fine, worth the price and slightly better than I expected.  None the less I was ignored and they brought my food extremely late.  Managers even noticed and asked me if I needed anything, but didn't offer anything, which is not typical (free app or drink, or something).  I paid full price and did not tip, only the second time in my life.  Worst service ever!  I gave them 2 stars only because their food was good and they were not worth 1.
3	I have been hearing about how great this place is so I decided to try it out for myself. First impression was terrible because of the snotty attitude from the host. She did not bother to even say the usual "Hey guys! welcome to Firebirds" or any of that. Just grabbed the menus and started walking towards a table.. that just brought the entire vibe down. When our waiter came, we got the same negative energy from him but he warmed up a little towards the end. Seems like they were all tired and ready to go home. I can say the coconut margarita was amazing and the food actually made up for all the bad attitudes we received. Might go back again but not to this location.
4	Went there this past Saturday night with my family and dad.  We had a reservation and were seated right away.  We were celebrating my father's birthday.  We have been to Firebirds around six-eight times with most of them at this location. Our server, Lauren, was excellent. One of the managers also came by to check on us.  I had the prime rib which was very good.  Wife had the Aspen Steak and father had the filet mignon.  My son had the prime rib sandwich and daughter had the kids sirloin.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  The prime rib was a good sized piece and was cooked just the way i wanted it. The baked potato was very good too. I have never had a bad meal at Firebirds.  The only miss of the night was that I was surprised they didn't bring a comp dessert for my dad it was his birthday. I can't remember going to a similar priced restaurant and not receiving a little something for the birthday guest. But overall we had a great meal and service and will return.
4	I always enjoy my experience here.  You must try the coconut shrimp, it's one of the best things on the menu!  I also enjoy their fish dishes and the pecan green beans.  The portions are more than ample but not over the top.  They have a nice wine list, too.  My husband loves their prime rib and almost always orders it. I also want to comment on service.  This is one place where I have had consistently great service.  The staff is always friendly and pleasant.  It's nice to have a place you feel you can count on.  This is a great place to bring out of town guests as the Firebirds chain is a bit more limited in locations, and it's more mainstream than some of our local upscale places.  Easy to please a crowd here, for sure!
4	I was here for a weekday lunch with a friend.  We sat outside.  Service was good.I had the pecan crusted trout, which was great, and the accompanying slaw was good too.  The complimentary bread (even though it's healthier, I hate that most restaurants don't do this anymore) would have sufficed as a carb portion, but I splurged on the sweet potato waffle fries.  Yum!I would definitely return for dinner, should I be in the mood for nice, normal, american fare.
3	This was our first time visiting Firebird. It was nice and cozy. The food was great but the waiter was a little delayeddd sided just a bit. We should have saw the slow response coming because he took awhile to wait on us once we sat down. We finally ordered and the food took a good minute to come. We had the smoke chicken appetizer with the sauce on the side. The bread is good too. It was a butt bread!  lol  We tried the coconut shrimp with fries. The meal comes with two sides and I went with all French fries. Now we know that means double on the fries but I guess they didn't know that because we only got about 10 fries on the plate. I guess since they are a little big they only give you small amounts. We tried the fresh squeeze lemonade which was not fresh squeeze since it turned out to have spirit mixed in with it. I don't know how it is fresh squeeze and hand made lemonade.. huh  I don't know!!  It was a bit tangy to the taste, so I ordered some sweet tea. It was great! :) Then we needed ketchup for the fries. It seem like the waiter had to go to the store to pick it up. It took a good while before he bought us the ketchup. Once we had our ketchup we were good to go. The ambience and the restaurant itself is nice. We may return... hoping to get a different waiter. I guess the 3 tables of five people were just a bit to much for him tonight.
5	Classy atmosphere and great food. Fancy and upscale with reasonable prices. Very tasty - lobster spinach queso is a must.
5	This place is awesome! I went out to dinner w/ my best friend and her husband and I must say that everything from drinks to appetizers to my entree was absolutely to die for.We indulged in the onion rings as an appetizer but that's not the highlight of my night.  I settled for the spinach salad w/ salmon and it was everything I wanted and more. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the spinach salad house dressing was out of this world!Needless to say, I could not eat the entire salad because of the enormous portion size, but trust me when I return, I plan to make sure I have an appetite so that I can eat a plate full of perfection!
1	Has been one of my favorite restaurants in the South Park area.  Unfortunately, recently they haven't lived up to expectations. Tonight, wanted to take my daughter there for dinner.  Walked in through the rear door at about 6:30 and noticed at least 10 tables open.  When we got to the hostess, she informed us that there would be a wait of at least 10-20 minutes.  After waiting 10, with no one else seated during that time, we left and had a wonderful meal at Yama Asian Fusion next door.
2	We really like Firebirds. However, parking has changed, and there is little or no parking available for lunch. I spent a good 10 minutes searching today, finally finding a space several blocks away, but Deb never did get a space. So, off to Roosters. I realize that the owners of the complex probably changed the parking and that Firebirds is suffering the consequences, but it is no longer a lunch option for us. Too bad.
4	Worked at Firebird's in Raleigh for five years while in college.  Why?  Because the food at this restaurant is fantastic.  No reason to go to the fanciest steakhouses if you are a beef lover.  Although not the cheapest, they do everything that the pricey places do, at a much better price.  Service is above average as they train their waitstaff well.  The place gets busy for a good reason.
4	This place was great.  My family was in town visiting and we decided to try a new place close to home.  The bar area was very impressive when walking through the front door.  I had a new york strip.  My steak was cooked perfectly and was so juicy.  I also had a loaded baked potato and caesar salad.  All were incredible.  It was also half off wine night  (Monday) which made it that much more perfect for me.  The rest of the table enjoyed various steak salad, Ahi tuna, and steak.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and left stuffed and happy.
3	Would be 2 stars for me but the cozy decor really helps the ranking.  I love the bar area and the fireplace found there.  Given a preference, I would always eat there in lieu of the regular dining room.We dropped in for a late lunch and had salads that were fine.  The ahi tuna starter I had was actually pretty good and completed with a rosemary spice which I found to be refreshingly different.  The service was a little all over the place.  I'm not sure if the bartender (our waiter) was just having an off day but he barely knew the beers on tap and seemed to forget about us after a while.  Again, it was an off hour for lunch so that might have been the overall issue.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The food is always great and the service is also excellent. The manager is very friendly and always stops by to see how things are going. One of my favorite things to eat there is the prime rib. It is consistently good. I order it with a side of fries and it is always yummy. Their burgers and steaks are also excellent. After you order they start you off with a basket of bread. I love bread but unfortunately the bread is so hard I have to take off the crust before I can eat the bread. It does always come out nice and hot though.  I'm always afraid I will break a tooth if I try to eat the crust. It's not a problem but that keeps my rating at a 4 instead of a 5.
2	My wife and I first went to the location on Rea Road twice and it was fantastic both times! We came to this location because it's closer to us and because it's a chain, we thought the food would be just as good as the one on Rea Road. We were severely disappointed.
4	This was my first time dinning at Firebirds and I was really impressed, despite the mediocre service. The ambiance was warm and cozy and they have an excellent lounge and bar area with a large fireplace. We started with the lobster dip which was delicious. I had the bacon wrapped filet which again was delicious, and my husband salivates just thinking about the steak salad. Great location and overall excellent dinning experience.
5	Wow.  I went with my Mom and Sister for a lunch on Saturday.  The decor in this location is so fun & inviting.  I like how the bar is illuminated with colorful bottles lining the wall and that the whole bar area is separate from the restaurant.  The ladies who greeted us were so warm & friendly.  The restaurant is really up to date and has a trendy look to it with some of the seat backs lined with colorful pillows.  The walls are lined with wine bottles and you can see the chefs preparing the food behind a glass wall in the kitchen.  Service is top notch and food was delicious.  Coffee is excellent here!!!  Can't wait to take my Husband!!
2	Tonight's experience was the worst I have had here. First it took our server at least 15 minutes to take our drink order. Since it took so long for us to put in our drink orders we went ahead and placed our food order at the same time.  After she took our order she told us the bread and our drinks will be right out......... 20 minutes later. People that came in after us were getting their entrees and we were still waiting for ours. Finally the manager came out and told us that the chef wanted us to know that they were waiting for our fries to be ready before bringing our entrees out. Then he asked if we would rather wait on the fries or have our entrees now and our fries after. Of course we were starved at this point and asked for our entrees to come out and the fries could come when they were ready. Our waitress was walking around waiting on customers with a styrofoam cup with a straw on her tray. It was obviously her drink because as she walked away from taking an order she took a sip from her cup. Very unsanitary. The food was good though and we ate every  bite of our food. When it was time for the check, she was no where in sight. We finally had to flag her down after a while for the check. Then it took forever to get our card back so we could finally leave. You might ask if this place was that busy for the service to be that slow... Well it wasn't. Other servers were doing fine. Their customers were being served quickly and efficiently. We didn't even get a refill of our drinks but had to ask her for refills. This store has had a change of managers and the quality of service has definitely gone down. The previous manager went to the restaurant in Stone-crest. It's a shame how this place has gone down in service since he left. We are frequent customers here and we have never had the service we had tonight. Not sure if we will be back for a while.
2	I am disappoint.  When the original Firebirds opened in Stonecrest, many moons ago, it was my favorite restaurant in Charlotte to go to.  Tender, juicy beef and well prepared sides.  The SouthPark location is either an anomaly in an otherwise fine restaurant group, or Firebirds has fallen into chain complacency and just isn't trying anymore.On a rainy Tuesday, a little ahead of the dinner rush (if there even was a rush, there were plenty of tables available when we left at 8:00), I was eagerly anticipating a juicy piece of prime rib with a loaded baked potato that I had been dreaming of since we named the date for our monthly dinner outing.  Imagine my sadness when I was told by a manager that the whoozle-what in the oven kerplopped and the prime rib was a dried out mess (he explained what happened, but after I got the gist that I wasn't getting the dinner I wanted, I tuned him out).  He said he would return after getting my re-order, but never did.The food:Complimentary bread with butter:  Delightful.  Crunchy exterior, soft interior, delicious with a chunk of butter.14 oz ribeye ($26) - (instead of the prime rib that I wanted) - Firebirds and Outback must share a meat delivery - mediocre piece of meat that was on the other side of the medium that I ordered, and dry.  The portion that would have been up against the bone was the tastiest portion, the rest was just meh and a little chewy.  The loaded baked potato that was served with it was barely warm enough to melt the butter.  And the entree came moments after I did the re-order, along with my date's medium-well filet - are you pre-cooking the meat?  How did it get done so quickly?Big Daddy Chocolate Cake ($7.25) - more like Shrimpy Weirdo Cousin Stu's cake.  Aside from the raspberry sauce it was served with, you could get the exact same cake right now at any grocery store bakery section.  Moist to the point of squishy, not good.  When 2 gals (at least one of which has the PMS) who love to eat don't finish a piece of chocolate cake, there is something wrong.Service was fine, he kept up with my refills for the most part.  Parking is a joke - condo only, 30 minute, 15 minute, only a certain tenant, only between 9 and 5 or some such crap - I shouldn't have to stop and read the writing in a space, I should just be able to park.  Valet parking is also available though, which I noticed when I was walking in.Total for dinner (1 ribeye, 1 filet, 1 cocktail, 1 soft drink, 1 piece of chocolate cake) was $82 before tip and it was absolutely not worth it.  I have no problem paying for what a meal is worth and this did not hit the mark.  Not at all.  I won't be returning to this location, and with all the restaurants in my fine city now, I may have to break up with Firebirds completely if this is the quality that is now the standard.
3	Meh, it was just an okay visit. I think I've been a bit spoiled by the other location because this visit just didn't do it for me! I'd had a crappy day at work so liquor was required so I started with the Pomegranate martini which was super tasty! But my dinner was just a bit underwhelming. I ordered the Blue Cheese Filet and loaded baked potato. I ordered it medium well and it came out a little more well done than I liked, good thing it had the blue cheese sauce and mushrooms! The worse part was the dessert. I was especially disappointed with the chocolate cake it was just totally blah. I wouldn't recommend it and definitely will not be ordering it again. Oh Firebirds! I don't want to break up with you! I want to be a huge fan, but visits like this make it hard for me to keep loving you!
3	I am a fan of Firebirds. When I was at the university (UNC-Ch) I frequently dined at the one in Durham. When I am in my hometown I dine at the FB in Winston-Salem. Both of those locations got me hooked on firebirds.The firebird's at this location, however, as noted by the past couple of reviews seems to be a bit below the standard expected. The food is great. It's the service that I feel can be improved. The hostess are polite enough but neither of them in the numerous times I have gone have greeted me or thanked me for dining there. Every time I am finished eating and walking towards the exit, I am the first to say thank you, otherwise the hostess usually doesn't say a word. This isn't the biggest of deals but when you are spending decent money, I feel like the hospitality should be kicked up a notch.On my last visit (two days ago) we dined late and were seated promptly. My date noticed that the floor was quite dirty with pieces of food and trash. She didn't make a big deal out of it, but I know this restaurant can do better. The food is fantastic, the hospitality and cleanliness could use some work.
5	The food and service was superb. We came for a gathering where they put us in their large backroom, its a nice area with closed doors for privacy. Add that with good food and friendly service and you have a winner.
4	The place definitely has that franchise feel but I was really impressed with my meal at Firebirds. My husband and I both ordered the Prime Rib, I with the loaded mashed potatoes and he with a baked potato. It was honestly the best Prime Rib I've ever had! It was so flavorful and cooked perfectly Med-Rare. It was served with delicious au jus and a spicy horseradish cream. I also loved the mashed potatoes which came server recommended...and were worth every calorie (and boy was there calories!) They also had really great Wednesday drink specials including $5 martinis, $2 off draft beer. They had some local options which was great so I enjoyed a very-reasonably priced Bird Song IPA. I am excited to return and will happily get the exact same thing!
4	I have been to this restaurant twice since my previous review. I wanted to write something after my first visit but wanted to wait one more time to see if it was consistent. I was greeted and seated quickly and was waited on by a friendly server who took our drink orders and was back with drinks and hot bread. She gave us some time to look over the menu  and came back and took our order. Our food came out in a timely manner and it was very good. Our drinks were refilled and we left very happy and full.
2	This is the second trip to Firebirds, the first trip to this location. The service was pleasant, but we waited more than 50 minutes to get our food. We were starved by then. The Coconut Shrimp seemed like the frozen (pre-breaded) kind. It was nothing special. The salads were good, and thhe Blu Cheese Burger was also good. If a manager would have come by our table, I would have given my thoughts. No one came by.
5	Firebirds is delicious and the Southpark location is fantastic!  It's perfect for a nice date night and has a great private room for celebrations or dinner parties. I had my small wedding reception there and the staff was exceptional. Dirty Martini is delicious and steaks are great. Everything we have tried is awesome. I love the grilled salmon on one of their salads. Yum!
5	We had a fantastic meal!  The fresh hot bread with soft butter and the mixed greens salad got things off to a great start and then I had the sesame encrusted salmon with mashed potatoes and fried spinich, all of which was perfectly prepared and delicious.  My 8 year-old daughter enjoyed her meal as well (grilled cheese with veggies).  For dessert, we had the Big Daddy chocolate cake, which was wonderful!  Kathy was a terrific server - very efficient and friendly. We will be back!
1	Don't know what the food was like... we waited 15 minutes at our table and were never greeted. It was a late lunch and the place was quiet. Pretty disappointed!
5	On vacation and found this great restaurant on YELP.  We went back for a 2nd time before we left from Charlotte.  Both times were wonderful.  We had Rebecca as our waitress.  What a sweet waitress.  She was so nice and made the experience even better.  I had the salmon both times.  The salmon came with mixed veggies and wonderful parmesan mashed potatoes.  My husband had the French dip the 2nd time and loved it.  The bread comes out hot and is delicious.  The dessert is even more scrumptious!  We had the key lime pie twice.  So creamy and light!  Rebecca bought our dessert.  We were totally happy when we left as our stomachs were satisfied from the beginning to the end.  Very reasonable prices for such quality meals!  I was told they are opening restaurants around the US.  Will be looking for them & hopes they will be coming around us or some of our vacation spots.
5	Took my mothers here for lunch. For the most part it was quite. Food was amazing of course! We shared a few appetizers and had a few laughs.
4	I've been to this Firebirds location a few times, and it is very solid overall. In my experience their steaks seem to be very good, the burgers are awesome, and the meatloaf is excellent. The service is pretty average usually and prices (aside from the burgers which are surprisingly cheap) are a little higher than what's justifiable. Overall not my favorite option at South Park but a solid choice.
4	Just left there and had great customer service. I ordered prime rib and the cut  was tough and very difficult to chew.  I ate what I could and when the waiter came to remove our plates I mentioned that the prime rib was not good at all. The waiter apologized and said he would let his manager know. A few minutes later the manager, named Joe came to the table and asked me to tell him what was wrong with the prime rib. I explained that it was hard to cut and chew and that it looked like an end piece and that I didn't order an end piece. He apologized and agreed and told me that they don't serve end pieces unless the customer specifically asks for it. At the end of our conversation he told me that my meal was taken care of. I will definitely come back because of that excellent customer service experience.
5	Best FireBirds I have ever ate at!! Their bread is delicious and their chips are great. TRY IT!!!!! Worth the drive!
4	Good limited menu, though we didn't drunk there appeared to be a strong wine list, good volume levels, quiet (but not dead quiet), the service could have been more consistent and faster, but they were very friendly.  We brought a young child and were impressed with their children's menu; generous, diverse options.
4	Hadn't been here in years, but was in the neighborhood and a few of us wanted to grab something to eat.  It was an awkward time - 4PM.  You're either that young, cool professional who was too busy to grab lunch and grabbing it now, or that 83-year old man having dinner at his regular time.  Okaaaay, so moving on...Service - We had a good server that was nice and attentive and answered our questions.  The only thing that was kind of weird was that he'd get up in your grill.  When he asked me what I'd like, I looked down at the menu, and when I looked up, dude was like 6 inches from my face.  Felt like it was Les Phoenix in France or something where personal space is tight.  Other than that, really solid.  Food - Get the chile mac'n'cheese, and you won't regret it.  Pasta was cooked just right, and the hint of chile gives it a little heat.  Coconut shrimp starter is pretty big for six shrimps so I'd prob not order the main of it.  Prime rib was just okay, but it's more of an excuse to dip my meat in things... like pho-king, the restaurant where they serve vietnamese food.  #nicesaveI'd come by again at 4PM.dmo out.
5	Prime rib was very very very good! After going to the kings kitchen this place firebirds was great! Shall keep coming back!
4	Wonderful meal! It was absolutely delicious. Such a friendly wait staff and bar staff. It was a little taste of home! I would definitely recommend to everyone!
2	The positive: the service was fine, but slow. The decor was very warm and comfortable.I had heard so many good things about this place, we were dying to try it. My husband ordered a steak, my daughter got a regular cheeseburger, and I had a French dip sandwich. While my sandwich was fine, there was nothing special about it. My daughter didn't like the cheeseburger at all, and the steak looked... average... with no comment about it from my husband. My daughter thought we should have just gone to SmashBurger and I agreed that the French Dips at Arby's were better than what I had. So... a big disappointment and a bill for over $75 that could have been well-spent elsewhere. Save your money and time!
