1	This shop held my bumper for four weeks and promised it in 3. They were to strip and straighten it . Then after a test fit, plate it. I called on a Wednesday of the forth week  before picking it up and they said it would be ready in two days. Called before heading over. Yep, it's ready. They hand me the bumper in the exact condition I dropped it off. Wasn't stripped, wasn't straight. Unbelievable. Not only does this place smell like an ashtray, they run it like one.
4	Had some small door hardware plated and looked great when it was done...very helpful when other places refused to do a small job like this.  My job got pushed back several days and they were vague about when it would be completed, but then end product turned out well.
5	Very happy with the quality of work, price, and customer service.  It's nice that they will work with you on a small order as one of the other reviews said.  This was my first time having something chromed.  I explained what I was looking for they walked through different options, explaining to me how the process worked and what they could do.  They even made recommendations to keep the price reasonable, such as doing a single plate process instead of the full chrome.  I was concerned that the single plating may not look nice enough, so they offered to take one of my six pieces and plate it so I could review and approve.  Turned out it was easily nice enough for my project (especially for the price...maybe 1/4 the cost of the full process!) so I proceeded to have the rest of the pieces done.  Picked them up today and am very pleased!  One piece didn't come out as expected and they quickly noted their mistake and are re-working it.  They are reasonable people and running a good shop.  They kept me well informed of progress and followed through on their delivery dates.  Considering I didn't have many options nearby, I'm really glad this worked out.
5	Been going to metro for over 30 yrs they are the best  plating company I have ever  fond.  I've got gold parts   Show chrome.  & polish  done.  Never had one part that looked. Bad  thank you metro.  :)
