5	We adopted our family dog, Max, at the AAWL shelter 2 1/2 years ago. The animals are well cared for and given lots of love from the staff, which makes it an easier transition to come home. They offer a lot of support post-adoption if you need help to transition your animal to its new home and I would really recommend this shelter over the Humane Society. The AAWL keeps the animal until it's adopted no matter how long it takes and it's a really pleasant, non-depressing environment. They also have a little store at the shelter that you can buy all the essentials like collars and toys when you are adopting. You should check out the AAWL first if you're planning to add a pet to your home.
5	Adopted a wonderful dog from this shelter. They genuinely seemed interested in matching people to compatible dogs rather than just pushing pets out the door.  Kennels were uniformly clean, dogs looked reasonably happy, and the staff was incredibly helpful.  We spent at least an hour meeting various dogs in one of several fenced play area.  The staffer who helped us seemed very knowledge about each dog and didn't seem the least bit put off that we were being picky about our "forever pet." I also like their adoption policies.  They provide a free vet visit, a month of free health care through ShelterCare, and request that they have a chance to take a pet back should you decide you can't care for them anymore.  The fees were reasonable (age dependent.  Puppies cost more than adults and older animals under $50) and their post-adoption behavior helpline returned my call within 24 hours.In short, these guys deserve your money and their doggies are damn cute.  They might not be as slick as the AZ humane societies palatial estate but they seem to be getting the job done and done well.Oh yeah, they should get a sixth star for constantly updating their online gallery of adoptable pets as well as taking the time and effort to take attractive pictures of these animals.  I hate how so many shelters put up these blurry bigfoot-style photos and expect people to say "OH honey look! Isn't that the cutest brown smudge you've ever seen?" Clearly the staff here has put some serious thought into presentation.   Further, they actually spend time playing and training their animals, all in an effort to make sure that each animal is able to put its best paw forward if you will.For cat lovers:  Their cat.. house?  Is one of the best setups I've seen.  Cats are kept in separate rooms but are allowed to roam freely, including an enclosed outside areas. Rather than stare at a bunch of cats through a glass window you can go into these rooms, pet cats to your hearts content and really interact with them before making your selection.  If I was in a market for a cat I'd definitely come here.  You get a real feel for how these cats would react in a regular home and it certainly seems like a nicer way to house cats.Note: For those of you medically minded folk out there.  The cat house does seem like a recipe for disaster but they a separate staff-only sickbay for cats that need to be isolated from the general population for health or behavior reasons.  Cats that are still adjusting to shelter life are kept in cages as well.  I've visited this shelter four or five times and I've yet to see anything resembling a fight so the staff definitely takes precautions when choosing which cats can become "free range."
5	We adopted our two cats from AAWL close to five years ago.  We were immediately impressed with their professionalism and cleanliness. I remember thinking that it was like a Garden of Eden for pets!  It's tucked away on a side street that might be difficult to find at first, but it's worth the drive.They do a thorough check of all would be pet-owners, down to the children in your home and pet allowances for leases.  We chose our cats, and our daughter had to come the next day to make sure that they got along. :)Five years later, we still sing their praises to anyone looking for a pet.  If looking to adopt, look no further!
5	So it's been almost three months since we adopted Tiberius, our 15lbs mystery dog, and we really couldn't be happier. I have to say that the staffers at AAWL really did right by us and helped us select the dog that is almost perfectly matched with our ability to care for him. Tiberius is high energy enough to be fun while not so bounce-off-the-walls crazy that he destroys our house. Thanks AAWL! And whoever abandoned this pup is certainly missing out.
5	The AAWL is totally awesome.  I volunteered here on and off for a few months before I adopted my doggy, Mickey Mongo.  He's a chihuahua/shiba inu mix and a great dog all around.I thought of going directly to Maricopa County Animal Control, but I'm glad I went to the AAWL.  The AAWL is Phoenix's oldest no-kill shelter and really concentrates on training and working with behaviors.  They have great assessments and plenty of pets to match any personality style.The volunteers and staff both have the dogs and cats best interest in mind.  Before I adopted Mickey, I fostered him.  I really wanted to make sure that he was the right dog for me.  After careful thought and plenty of conversations with the adoption specialists, I knew I had to have him.Mickey was up-to-date on his vaccinations, microchipped, and the first vet appointment is free.  Also your adoption fee goes to ensure that the AAWL can continue to operate in our community.  If you are looking to adopt a family pet, please stop by the AAWL.
2	The staff is very nice and professional, but I will never consider adopting a dog from a no kill shelter again. I met with one of the dogs who is still on the website up for adoption. When I brought him home he was very unrully, barked alot and the final straw was when he nearly attacked my building manager. He acted like he may have been abused. I was appreciative that the shelter took him back right away, eventhough the adoption fee is unrefundable. I know it's not the dogs fault, but the shelter should let you know if the dog has ever been aggressive.
1	The dog volunteers and front desk were so friendly.  The volunteers in kitty city were another story.  I've never had people make me feel like less than a human being than I did there.  A human being who came ready to adopt this afternoon had one of the cat volunteers given me the time of day.  I'm really sad cause I am a cat lover and our cat died in November.  The dog people were so nice I thought for sure kitty city would be the same.  I fell in love with a kitten in minutes but the attendants gave me either funny looks or completely ignored me for a family that was still looking around.  The service here broke my heart.  They are doing such a great service for animals, but I didnt feel welcome.  I'll have to find someplace else to go.
3	I had no problems with AAWL. We adopted a wonderful dog in 2009, and since then we've always dropped in every now and then to see if we could find him a friend. Summer of 2011 we officially went on the hunt for another dog, and decided to go to AAWL. We found a few dogs we felt would be a good match and was told to bring our dog back in for a meet.Now here is where my problem begins. We come in with our dog, and 2 people I've never seen or talked to that worked there helped us. Go figure. I have no idea who these 2 were but anyway... They tell us to go in the little area, and we wait wait wait in the heat with our dog. Really thats not the problem but finally we get the 2 people and they tell us that they will be in control of the dogs. They took our dog, put him on a leash, and never once asked us any questions about him.... got the other dog, brought her in.  They let my dog basically control the entire situation...the guy just followed my dog wherever he went, I'm shocked he even put a leash on him if he was going to just let it be a free for all let the dog do whatever he wants! But he did, and I've never EVER introduced my dog to any dog like that before because I know he can come off very strong at first. I tried explaining to them I thought it was a bad idea to just let him control the situation, they didn't seem to care and by that time the  dogs were both showing their teeth and barking. This all happened in the course of 2 mins...maybe...and the guy was like, ok well they don't get along. Sorry. And i'm thinking are fu**ing kidding me??? I've NEVER in my life heard of introducing dogs like that. We tried another dog, and they did the same thing..just let the dogs do what they want. It went better but eventually my dog was knocking over the chairs and kinda freaking out. It was just bad. I thought it was very unprofessional for people that work with animals all day long. I went online when I got home to make sure I wasn't crazy, and searched ways to introduce dogs. Needless to say they did it pretty much the worst way possible. Very disappointed.  On top of this, the 2 workers told us they would go back and check the files to see if they could find a good match for Bruce. About 1-2mins passed and I decided to go to the kennel area, so I left my dog with my husband and turned the corner to find the 2 just chatting. So much for finding a match for my dog..or caring that these animals get adopted. I'm not saying all the workers there are terrible. Many of them are helpful, especially one guy who is there almost all the time. I can't remember his name. However I had to share that story, I don't usually do the whole negative story thing but I was very disappointed.
1	I adopted a dog from AAWL and started experiencing problems with her shortly thereafter. When I initially introduced her to my older dog at the shelter, they seemed to get along fine, but when I brought her home, she became progressively more aggressive with him. I did some research on the internet, and some of the behaviors that she was displaying with my older dog at the shelter were aggressive behaviors that the shelter employees failed to recognize. I proceeded to call the shelter over 45 times over the course of three days (all of which they were open) and left them two messages, both of which expressed the urgency of my situation. None of my calls were returned. They gave me no other choice than to just show up on their doorstep with the dog. I surrendered her to them and was not charged an intake fee, but the $125 adoption fee was NOT refunded or counted as a credit of sorts toward another dog. Additionally, I filled out several pages of information on the dog's behavior, none of which I feel was taken into account, as I checked the website, and the dog was adopted and surrendered to the shelter yet again. Overall, I was extremely dissatisfied with my experience with this shelter, and I would not adopt an animal from them again.
5	The whole idea of a no kill shelter is admirable, especially in Phoenix where we have such a problem with homeless pets and overpopulation. The staff were great, friendly, patient and knowledgeable. And each one explained every step of the process all the  way to what they were all about and why they are a no kill shelter. I learned as much about the members of the staff as I did each dog. They never rushed us or got impatient with our indecisiveness. It's so hard to pick one dog to take home with you! You can tell they genuinely love their jobs and what they are doing and they have organized systems and policies which is great. The only minor complaint we had was that we arrived around the same time as another family and were all there to see (adopt) the same dog! We finally had to go back to the sign in sheet and see who actually signed in first but they handled the misunderstanding with diplomacy and tact and at the end, everyone took home a new pet! And that's the most important thing. I love my new puppy and I think I was meant to get her instead of the dog that went to the other family. Funny how things work out that way sometimes. They had reasonable adoption fees, leashes and tennis balls to take home, a bag of food and my puppy was spayed and microchipped. Overall a very good experience! I just wish I could save all the dogs there!! : (
4	A great animal shelter that does wonderful work in the Valley. I adopted my puppy when he was 8 weeks old from AAWL. My only concern was that he fell very sick a week after we got him and the vet bill was substantial. Chances are it was an illness he picked up while at county's shelter or AAWL so it was a little frustrating. While they offer ShelterCare gift insurance it is EXTREMELY limited in what they will cover, so all of the expenses came out of pocket although both AAWL and I thought they would help out.That said, AAWL does amazing work. I would absolutely go back and adopt from them again. If you're considering getting an animal go to a shelter! They are the best dogs and you can save two lives :)
5	Adopted my dog Frank and here I volunteer here. Great place!
5	I volunteer here, and it's a really amazing facility. There are lots of dogs and cats up for adoption in this no-kill shelter, and there are also exotic animals, as well as classes and summer camps. The staff really care about animals and are very knowledgeable--they'll definitely help you pick your perfect pet!
5	I'm sad to read some of the negative reviews, because I have had such a pleasant experience with aawl. I adopted my dog Morrison 9 months ago. I was told that when the shelter took him in, he wouldn't even let staff put a collar on him. One of the employees kept him in her private office for his first 2 weeks until he was ready to go into the kennel with the other dogs. When I came and adopted him, that same employee started crying because she had bonded with my dog. My dog is still initially uncertain with new experiences, but he is the happiest dog and I really think he would have turned into a much different animal without aawl's nurturing. Secondly, we returned to aawl for basic obedience school. The training was fantastic. I have since taken Morrison to another obedience class, taught at Petsmart, but aawl's was way better. I am going to go back for intermediate training. I also like giving my money to a nonprofit rather than a corporate pet store.
2	Very good place to find your new pets, so many to look at and play with and take them all home, if your looking fur a new pet come. Check out these pants please dogs cats and birds snakes.
4	I've interacted with this organization in various forms throughout the years. I participated in their many education programs four years ago and recently adopted a beautiful, warm and friendly cat from them this past year.Let me first say that for whatever faults AAWL has, no one can deny that we need places like this to exist: no-kill shelters in which pets can recuperate instead of die while waiting to find a new family.I have nothing but good things to say about their cat adoption process. The ladies at the cattery were all lovely to me, introducing me to cats with a social and affectionate personality, just as I had requested. They matched me up perfectly with my Sabrina. The paperwork went smoothly, and I could tell that everyone really cared about adopting cats out to the right family.Plus, it helps that all the cats have little signs depicting how much they enjoy affection, playing, scratching, etc. so you can get a gist of their personality.Now, there is only one star taken off, and that is due to the education programs. I participated in Teen Tracks, Camp Vet, and two or three other programs throughout my adolescence. I have to say that I was not too thrilled about the leadership or social dynamics of any of the programs. I feel like the staff may have needed more training on how to deal with adolescents.However, that was four years ago, so I have no idea if the educational classes have changed significantly or not. What I do know for sure is this: they save lives on a daily basis and can give you the new family member you've been waiting for.
5	This will be my first time fostering any kind of animal and so far the whole process has been great.  First of all this place is a no kill shelter,  there aren't many.  When I inquired about fostering some kittens I immediately got a response back from Brandi who helps with the catery.  I went to have a meet and greet with her and she was so kind.  I received lots of information on how the program is managed and I think this place is doing an amazing job.  They supply all your needs if you decide to foster a dog or cat.  It's very rewarding to know your helping even if it's not much.
4	I was doing a school project which required filming and interviewing peopleI met someone who worked at the ASPCA and she was super friendly and helpfulShe informed me that I could just walk in and get what I needed toI was surprised and a little uneasy while parking in the lotDog shelters make me sad usuallyI walked in the building and the girl at the front desk was very cheerfulI told her about my purpose and she was super niceI walked around in the cat area first, which is indoor... it was nice because there was a ton of people, animal lovers.Many young boys and girls were playing with cats, with hopes to adoptI am a big cat person but I was there for the dogs The dogs are kept in the back, in half-indoor, half-outdoor facilitiesThe ASPCA puts doggie treats near the door so you can give them outI thought that was really coolThe dogs that they have are really cute and different...If you let the workers know, you can play with a dog in a side panelWhile making my way back into the building, I noticed a huge grassy area down in sort of a lower area...This area is for various trainings and shows mostly for dogsThere is a ton of play things that owners and dogs can play withThere is also a small store in the main building that has things like leashes, food, bowls, etc.All in all, this was such a fun experience that I will go back from time to time just to visitThere is a program where you can go and walk dogs in the morning as well
5	This place is great. The staff is so so busy, but always so friendly. I didnt mind waiting for their reasonable prices and professional staff. So happy this place is around. I wish they had dog boarding too!
5	I love aawl and everything they do for all the dogs in need. I am starting to volunteer here and if anyone has any extra free time, they should too! It is a great environment, everyone is very friendly, and it is very very rewarding! If you are thinking about getting a dog or a few there are so many amazing dogs looking for a furever home!
5	It's a little hard to get your pet in because when you call no one answers they call you back and you have to be sure you get the call. Besides that it's an amazing place. They don't charge you an arm and a leg like vets do. Took my dog to one vet for teeth cleaning and removal of some lumps in her mouth the vet sd lowest wad $1000 and lumps might be cancer .. took her here with everything done was under $400 and the lumps were not cancer.. also shots are very cheap. Biggest thing they are a no kill shelter
1	Any animal welfare league who will hold a fundraiser at a STEAKHOUSE clearly is not supporting the needs of ALL animals!!  This organization is so out of touch with reality, it is unreal!
1	DO NOT SUPPORT THIS ORGANIZATION! They don't have animals' best interest in mind. My girlfriend and I found a really sweet stray dog we are currently fostering, and asked if they could help us network him to find him a home. Not only did they say no, they said they wouldn't help solely because he looks to be a chow mix. We told them that we would pay for his expenses and provide shelter, but they still turned us down without even meeting him! To top it all off, the woman we spoke with(Tracey Varga) was incredibly rude. What a disgusting and uncaring organization!UPDATE!!Apparently they "do not discriminate against any breeds"... the email we received says differently. I've posted a picture of said email. We found a permanent home for the little guy this afternoon. So much for him being "hard to adopt" huh? Choose carefully which organizations you support, folks. There are plenty of very helpful shelters which don't rudely shut down people trying to help.
5	I took my senior dog, Sadie, here this morning for a vet checkup since she is recovering from Valley Fever and has arthritis.  I had a great experience with Dr Gamill, a relief veterinary doctor, who took care of Sadie.  I needed 2 to 4 x-rays which were running between $70 to $90 per x-ray all over the Valley.  Sadie has arthritis and the x-rays needed to be done to see how extensive it is and if it was caused by her Valley Fever.  The x-rays here are $60.00 each compared to the other vets.  I thought it was a bargain.  I had 3 x-rays done at $60.00 a piece and had a titer performed because of her Valley Fever. The veterinary clinic is small but provides everything that a regular veterinary practice provides but at lower cost AND the money goes back to the shelter.  I can't think of a better way to help the Arizona Animal Welfare League besides volunteering and direct donations.  The fees run about 40% less than private veterinary clinics.  If AAWL does not perform the vet services you need, you can simply go to another veterinary clinic.  It's a non-issue.I'm attending a volunteer orientation for AAWL this month so I can become a regular volunteer.As for the negative reviews of AAWL, I'm not sure what people are expecting for an animal shelter.  Animal shelters all over the country are operating on low budgets and have mostly volunteers and limited paid staff.  Maricopa County has one of the highest euthanasia rates in the country second to Los Angeles County and AAWL is one of the only no-kill shelters in Phoenix.  Please manage your expectations when going to any animal shelter.  The absolute best thing you can do to help homeless pets is to: spay/neuter, foster or adopt, volunteer or donate.
