5	Our waiter asked if had ever been, we said no, and he said welcome to your new favorite pizza place.holy crap, THE BEST THE BEST THE BESTThis coming from someone who likes(... liked?) deep dish, grim serves east coast which is thin but the great thing about that is you can eat more!3 of us polished a large, down to the last piece of chicken on the pan. The pies are cooked pretty hot so the crust is crunchy and delicious. Its kinda expensive for the toppings though, i think the large was 15, but then you add each topping for about 2-6 dollars i think, the chicken was 5 i remember. We also got meatball. Fantastic. Reminded me a lot of Chicago Brewing BUT SO MUCH BETTER. Its rather small on the inside but still looks classy, of course its boca park. Classic red and white checker tablecloths and a bar up front, BUT NO TVs which i actually liked here. Walls decorated with normal new york / italian gear. Didnt see anything yankee which was funny, its like they dont want to be a sports bar (for which i would go to gordon anyway) but they are big on wines, and in a very italian restaurant fashion wine glasses are waiting on the tables for youWill have to try dessert next time we didnt even look. We did get a caprese salad to start which was very elegant, but to me it was a waste of 7 bucks for cheese and tomato. All i could say while eating was "this is freaking good!"Uploading a picture of their lighting, its emptied out wine bottles hanging from the ceiling, almost didnt notice these gems!5 STARS for food and not being snooty, but it is clean and new so dress up a lil, makes you feel better anywayEDIT!! idk how i could have forgotten to mention this. I came in alone and asked for a table for 3, the 2 hostesses kinda looked at me and i explained that an old man and little girl would be joining me. One asked if she needed to bring a booster seat. The funny part is the 'little girl' is my 20 yr old sister so I awkwardly let them know she wasn't a 'little girl' but rather my little sister, who happens to be very short... haha, and will always be little to me ;)
4	Great service. Pizza has delicious sauce and isn't soggy, possibly due to it being a thicker crust.Alcohol beverage prices are way too high, beers are served in a 12 oz glass instead of pint glass.
5	Grimaldi's opened in Summerlin recently and am I happy. One of the best pizzas in Las Vegas. They spread the cheese different than other pizza places in that it's put on in drops, so there's drops of cheese and drops of sauce. It's no wonder they have 13 locations in Vegas, Arizona and Texas. They do pizza right. The sauce is delicious. Real pizza sauce, not spicy and no tomato chunks. They have an outside eating area that's very comfortable, but the pizza gets cold out there. Stay away from the high priced drinks and a large pizza with drink will be under $20, not counting tip.
2	Grimaldi's is an establishment with a large pedigree. One of the most lauded pizza joints in New York City, they appeared to have branched out - franchising 2 joints in Las VegasSo, after much anticipation, my hubby and I bit the bullet and went for a piece of pie.Meh. Really. The pizza was not as flavourful as what we expected. We had the marinara (tinned, pureed tomatoes) sauce with sausage, basil and onions. The lack of spice of the sauce and the sausage was  a total downer. The small amount of basil they did put on the pizza did nothing to detract from the overall blandness of the poor pie. Which was rather sad because the crust is one of the best we've tried.We did go back to try Grimaldi's a second time - this time opting for a "white" sauce with meatball and onions. Still, the food was rather bland. Our server this time did bring us some dried oregano and garlic powder which we doused the poor slices with to give it some flavour.Really, for the food alone, it does probably deserve maybe a three star rating. However the cost of the pizza detracted me from doing so.
3	Went to Grimaldi's Pizzeria for a friend's birthday.  We arrived relatively early for dinner and seating was not an issue, compared to the tougher task of finding a parking space not too far from the restaurant.We ordered an antipasto course, which I though was good, but not exceptional.  We also ordered 2 medium pizza, with each half having different combination of toppings for more variety.  I like the thin and crispy pizza crust that is served here, which is not greasy like those served at some other pizzerias.Overall the dining experience was A-OK!  The price of the bill was reasonable, especially for being in the more upscale Boca Park area of town.However, it is also one of the more memorable dining experience for us, since one of the ladies in our party was apparently hit on while we were waiting for our drinks and appetizers to arrived by a totally random but well dress man.  And of all the topics to use to start the conversation, it was about carpal tunnel surgery (because her arm is still in a sling).  This carried on for about 5 minutes, before we realized that he is one of the FOH managers of the restaurant.  Anyway, he came back several times to check up on us, and also to correct a mistake in our bill (we ordered 2 medium pizzas, but one of them was accidentally written as a large). I would recommend this place for a casual get together, especially before or after shopping at Boca Park.
3	Ok, I was heading home after checking out another Pizzeria and decided today was Pizza day and stopped by here to give it a try.I didn't expect to find a nice restaurant, but that's exactly what the place is like.  It's tucked between the Summerlin renowned Kona Grill & Gordon Biersch in the Boca Park Shopping Center.  This spot has failed numerous times over the past 5 years.....I hope these people make it.Anyway, I sat at the bar and ordered a Blue Moon.  They don't serve Pizza by the slice here....so I had to go for a 12" Personal Pizza.  Since I already had 3 slices from the other joint, I knew I had my work cut out for me despite the small size.  I decided on a Pepperoni & Jalapeno Pizza.....the bartender Aubrey or was it Audrie?....anyway, she said the Jalapenos kick your ass, so was I sure I wanted it......of course I do!The restaurant has a cool & comfortable feel to it.  I'll have to bring the family back sometime soon.After a few minutes my Pizza came out.  It was much larger than I expected.  The thin crust was cooked nice and cripsy....well done, just how I like it.  However, there is a lot of sauce on this Pizza.....more than I normally like, -2 in my book.  The flavor of the sauce overwhelms the Pizza, so it's hard to taste the other ingredients.  The Pepperoni is the tiny almost Slim Jim type and had good flavor to it....too bad it was drowned in sauce.  Aubrey/Audrie was right, the Jalapenos do pack a serious Punch.....I was sweating pretty good after a couple of slices, and no it wasn't from the 100 degree DRY Vegas heat....it was from the Jalapenos.....good thing Aubrey/Audrie kept my Blue Moon full.Overall, I enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and the Pizza.Will I return?  Yes, I will bring the family with me next time and try a different pie.
3	My friend absolutely loves this place and first took me to the one in Henderson. At first I just thought it was ok but then I tried their white pizza. I was hooked and now that is a must order for me every time. This is very thin crust pizza cooked in a coal oven so it isn't what most people are used to and some may be disappointed if they are looking for more Chicago style pizza. I agree with the other posters that their non-pizza menu items are just ok, the salads are fairly plain and the desserts are just so-so but the pizza is fantastic. It could be a little cheaper but their price point is fair considering the portion size.
4	To eat here you must love coal brick-oven pizza, sliced mozarella, fresh sauce and thin crust. If you do, you'll like the pizza at Grimaldi's.  Although I lack experience with true NY style pizza, I must say that if this represents a small percentage of it, I'm down for some NY love.  Grimaldi's is all about the oven, the crust, and the fresh ingredients.  When I saw the 3.5 star rating two weeks ago I realized that I had to eat the pizza to find out for myself.  Mind you, all of us have different tastes when it comes to pizza, each person wanting a certain stretch to the dough or sweetness to the sauce.  I personally love sweeter sauce, but at Grimaldi's it's more tangy.  I personally love shredded cheese but here it's sliced fresh mozzarella.  I needed to try something different, so I went for the personal with basil.It took ten minutes to complete my pizza, not long at all.  When I received the box I sort of freaked out at the size.  I'm used to the pizza hut sizes, where personal means that small round personal pan pizza.  Their version of personal reminds me of a medium, or something very close to that.  The crust is super thin, slightly crispy especially on the edges, and the ingredients are layered nicely on top.  It was interesting to see the sauce exposed between the slices of cheese, and crispy basil on top.  I hopped into my car, turned on the a/c, and peeled a slice from the box.Wow.  This pizza is yummy.  I'm not going to go so far as to say something fabulous, amazing, or even orgasmic, but I love this pizza.  At the point it's slightly soggy from the sauce, but still holds up while you eat it.  It's one of those pizzas I recommend folding the sides in a bit while holding it to eat it properly.  My husband hates crust and he ate the whole pizza--crust and all.  I love the tangy fresh tomato sauce, the mozzarella that stretches beautifully when bitten in to, and I go for basil in the oven rather than after because it gets sweeter and has that crispy texture to it.  Yum.After the first time there I went back two days later for the same order.  Then two days after that.  Oh and then three days from that day, and then four days ago and the day before yesterday.  Yeah.  I like it that much. I always order the same thing--personal with basil--because I don't want to ruin the flavors of the other ingredients and the crust.  I love the taste of the dough on this pizza--slightly sweet, almost a hint of sourdough-ness, and you can taste the char a bit.  Remember, we all have different tastes, and many aren't in to this type of pizza.  For me, it's the only pizza I'll eat till I find another great NY pizza joint in town.  The other downfall of this place are the prices.  Many wouldn't pay $9 for a personal size and then pay $2-$5 dollars per additional topping.  The small is $13, for example, so many get turned off by the price.  Still, it's a great pizza joint that I've yet to eat in at because I love the idea of getting a pizza in a box.  It's just this weird thing I have with pizza.You should try Grimaldi's if you haven't yet.  It's not your typical pizza delivery crap, but something ten times better.  I like it, and I hope that your taste in pizza matches this place, too.
2	Good pizza for a decent price. The blueberry cheesecake was awesome.  Our service was terrible. A 45 minute meal took 90 minutes because our server never checked on us. We had to repeatedly ask for the check. Then we actually asked another server to process the payment because we never saw our server again.
4	I used to go to the Grimaldi's on Eastern before this branch opened. This one is closer to where I currently live. My husband and I love their pizza and don't eat pizza elsewhere, unless we really have to. The flavors are phenomenal. I do think, however, that the Eastern Avenue branch makes better pizza on a consistent basis than this one. On a couple of occasions, the crust here was overdone: it was hard, like a cracker. Plus, the service isn't as great as the other branch. We've had waiters forget things here. The pizza here is still better than elsewhere, but I think the Eastern Ave. branch is better.
4	Great pizza, although can be a little pricey.  We typically go and split a pizza and get our own toppings on each half.  A large pizza can easily get to $30 if you like a bunch of toppings.  However, the pizza is fabulous!!  and if you like Canoli's...  you won't be disappointed.Currently Tuesday nights is offering a great special.  This would be the night to go if your iffy about giving Grimaldi's a try.
4	Always a crowded house when I come here.  I have order pizza here a few times and have been pleased.  Lots of good toppings to choose from but I'm more of a veggie pizza person.  The pizza was nice and neat.  I appreciate a sense of symmetry in the placing of my pizza toppings.  Not only does it show that the chef takes a bit of pride in their work but it also insures that I can taste the toppings better with every bite.  I am normally not a crust person, but I can finish this one.  Good sized pizzas too.  So far my take out experiences here have been good ones.  I'll let you know how it goes whenever I go back to dine in.
4	Grimaldi's is a nice treat!  We have been many times to the older location on S. Eastern and once to the new location on Rampart.  I am always very please with the pizza and have almost no complaints in that department, but service just never seems to be very good there...  I, lol, drink a lot of Ice Tea when we go out to eat, so that being said, all I ask is that my Ice be filled up when it gets low...  I think I consider myself to be a good tipper, and my expectations are pretty simple, keep my tea filled and check on us once in awhile...sounds easy enough?  Anyways we like eating here and will continue to do so for sometime to come, once service is better this would def be a 5 star review!!
2	Big disappointment! I had heard from friends that this location was not as good as the one on Eastern. How right they were, the pizza was pale and somewhat under done even though we asked for well done and crispy; with NONE of the charred irregular bubbles around the edge that is the hallmark of coal oven pie. Just a very average over-priced pizza.If you cannot get to the Eastern store, SKIP GRIMALDI'S!!!
4	Suprised this has 3.5 stars out of 17 reviews. This is my favorite pizza in town. Crust is great- ask for the crust to be a little more done
4	I came here while I was visiting my family.  And although I am a vegan, pizza is one of my favorite foods and I am very picky about it.  Here is the low downPizza: Very good, the personal size was sized just right, not teeny tiny and not a small size pizza in disguise.  The crust was thing and crispy and tasty, the sauce was fairly good and the topping selection was great.  I had no cheese with sun dried tomato, kalamata olives and artichokes.  The downside was each topping costs 2-4 $ extra, which is quite a lot I think.  However, they did give you a good amount of topping which is important since I don't have cheese.  I would order it againService:  The service was good, the waitress was chatty, which was slightly annoying, but she was nice and had good intentions.  Downside:  The iced tea was tasty but $$$, I think it was like 4 or 5$ for one drink my oh my that's crazy pricey.  Since there were four of us we spent over 20 dollars on non alcoholic beveragesOverall:  I would come back, I just would stick to water.
4	So far my favorite pizzeria, their pizza is so delicious!  I love the thin crispy chewy crust.  My husband and I order a large pizza, half white and half regular with toppings.  Must get ricotta cheese as a topping, soooo good!  It can get a little pricey but we think it's so worth it.  I always take my friends and family who are visiting from out of town and they love it!
4	"... and when you walk across the bridge you have to treat yourself with a slice of pizza from Grimaldis..." I was told by the concierge in NY... We never made it to the bridge let alone across so this was a treat to see when I saw the sign for it in vegas. I was waiting for the right time, one of those days where you're bored at home, want to do something but don't want to go out. A stop into here to place a to-go order, a small white garlic sauce pizza with Italian sausage and roasted red peppers came to a price tag of 23.xx When I got back four people had at it, and everyone enjoyed the pizza.  Little pricey, the staff I interacted with were nice and helpful explaining that everything on the menu is chose your own toppings, they dont have pre-set, pre-defined 'specials'. For half the world who can't order except by combos and numbers I know this will be hard, but use your imagination -- have fun with it :)
4	Im definitely coming back:]Hit this place up last night and it was pretty busy, 30 min wait for patio seating, understandable since Boca Park is pretty busy friday nights, so we just ate inside. The staff was really friendly or should i say too friendly lol. I have two pictures attempting to take a picture of the pizza and my friend but i have a server hogging the camera instead haha. Good service though, It was our first time and our server explained the menu to us thoroughly. Pizza was really good. If your into real pizza, not from pizza hut or domino's then this is the place to go. You basically order the base of your pizza and add toppings. We had basil leaves, ricotta cheese, mozarella cheese, and sun dried tomatoes on our pizza and it was yummy. I loved how the pizza was thin and crispy and wasnt drenched in oil, made my guilt go away for eating pizza late at night. This place is definitely on my list for pizza.:]
5	So I thought I loved Rocco's pizza.  Yeah... now I LOVE Grimaldi's Pizza!!  So after passing this place for the past 2 years that I have lived in Summerlin, we finally went with our friends last night.They have seating outside (which was packed) and lots of seating inside.  The moment you walk in, the place smells like delicious pizza.  The place is decorated with New York style stuff and cute lights made out of old wine bottles.The small pizza is enough for 3 people for sure.  We all ordered a salad- each salad is also enough for 3 people.  I had the caprese salad, not the best I have had... but ok.  My husband got the Caesar- which he loved.  And our friends (who come here all the time) got the house salad- which looked REALLY good.We ordered the pepperoni pizza.  Each topping costs from $2 & up.  The pepperoni was tiny pepperoni, which is my fav.  The sauce is the best I can remember having and the crust is perfect!!  People usually call this crust thin crust, I thought it was more medium crust.  If the dough is good, I usually like a little more... but this was great.My husband enjoyed it so much, he wants to go back today!Enjoy & Mangia!
3	The pizza was good.  I loved the crust.  However the Caesar salad sucked.  The croutons were soft and there wasn't enough dressing.  The beer selection was just OK.  So sorry, one star lost.
5	Just a couple of things:1. We have ordered take-out pizza twice since I have posted the first review.  Delicious!  The only down side: the pizza cools down VERY fast... so if you live more than 10 minutes away, forget it!  Just sit down inside!2. If you go to their website and sign up for their mailing list, they will give you $5 off your next dine-in visit.  Definitely worth putting your email address in... and you don't get slammed with stuff.  I haven't received anything from them, besides the $5 off coupon.
5	Just as good as the location on Eastern Ave. Plus a little better in my eyes since the patio is a little nicer at this location. Now if they could only open another location closer to my house so I can have delivery. I would give them six stars for that. I do find it funny how you see a lot of Californians come out just to eat the pizza here. I do sympathize since its impossible to open a new coal pizza oven joint in the golden state. (From what I have heard). On second thought maybe I don't since we need the tourists.
4	Grimaldi's Pizzeria is a great place to go.  If your looking for a neighborhood pizzeria.  I live maybe 5 minute's from this place, and like every other place at Boca Park it has a fantastic patio experience.  The decor is really nice with the old wine bottles pretending to be chandeliers.  It's a lot bigger than would appear.  Me and the little sis had the usually sausage and mushroom and it was really good.Seriously if your looking for a good pizza place with a good patio this is the place.  Plus after your meal you have a few places within walking distance to have a good time.
4	Last night I went to west side Grimaldi's for the first time.  I've been a fan of their pizza ever since it was introduced to me at work when we were filming TV shows near the eastside location.  I had been meaning to come by and show my support for the "new" Grimaldi's by my house for awhile.We dined on the patio, and it was perfect weather to do so.  Yes, it's that one week in Vegas between hot summers and cold winters.  The service left something to be desired, and I was bummed that there weren't any appetizers on the menu like garlic knots (I swear there used to be, no?) -- but those are my only real complaints.  The pizza was great, and the ingredients were fresh as always.I'm sure there was a price for the pizza, but I got lucky in that I won some Internet contest and received a $100 Grimaldi's gift card in the mail a month or so ago, so the only money that left my pocket was for a tip.
4	Now like most college students, pizza is something I eat on the regular. Maybe a slice from Metro Pizza, or a cheap $5.00 from Little Ceasars, but it's not often I go to a place wanting more than just your average slice. Grimaldi's Pizzeria is that place to get that more than average slice!We decided to visit Grimaldi's after a brief business meeting that didn't run quite as brief as we had planned. We considered going to Monta (refer to my past review that great experience) but based on the size of the group we decided somewhere a little more open would be more suitable. A member of the group had mentioned that Grimaldi's was a great place for some pizza, and so we took a vote and Grimaldi's came out on top.Once we arrived I was pleasantly surprised by the decor. This place really gave off a classy vibe while still being comfortable and fun. The chandeliers weren't diamond and gold, they were empty wine bottles, talk about inventive! There were older pictures framed on the wall that really made you feel like this place had something authentic going on, which I suppose it did. They only design flaw that came to mind for the group was that there was only one restroom for both genders. Not really too much of an issue when it's not that busy, but I'd imagine an unhappy line of people during the high business hours.Now whats the first thing you look at after you sit down in a restaurant? Many people might say the table, and in that case you're probably right. But one of the first things you take a good look at is the menu. The menu I had in my night was at first a little confusing. At Grimaldi's they don't have a list of pre-built pizza, every pizza is built to order. There were three types of base pizza. The traditional pizza, a white with garlic pizza, and the pesto. Following that was a list of toppings including items like fresh cut tomatoes, meatballs, and even anchovies. Knowing their menu can be a bit daunting, the waitress was very quick to inform everyone at the table of how the ordering process went. Not only was this very helpful, it was quite entertaining as well. The staff was excellent and very knowledgeable about their menu. The waitress also helped us decide on how we would split the check before we ordered, which is great because at most places we're left at the end with 5 people who need to pay on card and no pre-arranged plan what-so-ever.Being new to the place our side of the table decided to try something we don't usually see on a menu. We opted for a Large (18 in.) white and garlic pizza with Meatballs, Italian sausage, sun dried tomatoes, and artichoke hearts. The wait for the food was a little long, but understandable considering the table had so far ordered 3 large completely custom pizzas. The pizza that arrived was amazing. The toppings tasted quite fresh and the flavor was fantastic. The crust was enjoyable and the cheese was stringy and delicious, just how I like it. The standard condiments were at the table, parmesan and the crushed red pepper, but they were also joined by a few others like garlic powder. Each pizza was cut into 8 pieces and since we had 6 people on our check we decided it was a good idea to order a second.The second pizza we ordered was a large Pesto with grilled chicken, roasted sweet red peppers, and freshly sliced tomatoes. If you haven't eaten a pesto pizza before, maybe Grimaldi's should be where you are having dinner tonight, this pizza was amazing. It was full of flavor, the fresh pieces chicken complimented the flavorful pesto while the sweet red pepper really brought balance to the whole ensemble. The waitress had told us that people order combinations similar to this and we can see why, it did not disappoint in the least.Grimaldi's Pizzeria is a bit on the pricey side, the average large pizza you will build comes out to around $30.00 each, but when you break it down to each person it's not that bad. Grimaldi's over all was a great experience and definitely a good place to go if you're looking for more than the average slice of pizza and want to be daring with your choices.
3	What a disappointment! Having eaten at the Brooklyn location, I had huge expectations, but they fell short. Don't get me wrong, the pizza wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. It was just OK. The crust was thin and crispy, just how I like it, and my plate wasn't covered in orange grease when I was done., which is another positive. But the pizza, which started out as great, became increasingly boring piece after piece. I don't know how this is possible, but both the sauce and the crust lost some, or rather most of their punch after it cooled down a bit. We ordered a  1/2 carafe of their house red and it was lovely, and the service we experienced was exceptional. No complaints there. When shopping in Boca Park, it would be a great stop for lunch, and hubby and I agreed we'd return to Grimaldi's rather than go to our usual lunch spot, Cheesecake Factory, but we probably won't be planning any dinners here again. Oh and the outside dining is fabulous! Very nice little area with great people watching. So since Vegas has such a small window of 75 degree weather, you gotta jump on it and find a place with a decent patio.
5	This is hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas.Admittedly, I sometimes prefer the deep dish pizza across the street at BJ's Brewery or the Neapolitan style pizza of Settebello at the District.However, the coal fired brick oven pizza at Grimaldi's remains my undisputed favorite.
4	my friend and i were expecting a lot from this place because we've eaten at the original location in brooklyn. the pizza was yummy! it seemed a little bit different from what we remember...not as light and airy as the pizza we had in brooklyn but still very good. i love the thin crust! you can honestly finish a whole small pizza without feeling like you need to be rolled out of the place. we also shared a small house salad which turned out to be more then enough food for two. great service. we had a cute waiter and he was funny. totally coming back here.
5	I was driving to Henderson to get Grimaldi's and now there is one on this side of town. Henderson is apparently another state to people in Las Vegas, it is unfathomable that one would ever go that far away for anything.  Well Grimaldi's is so good it was worth the trip!
4	Grimaldis is awesome.  This location is as good as the other location from my experience.  The story goes this place is a chain started the first pizza place in New York.  It's a little different than you greasy cheesy pizza we all grey up with.  The only complaint about here is that it is pricey for pizza but it is real good.  Come here if you want great coal fired thin crust pizza.  Order more than you think, it goes down quick.
4	I love Grimaldi's with a passion, but not all Grimaldi's are created equal. I prefer the Silverado Ranch location to this newest addition. This location will do in a pinch, but doesn't hold a candle to the Eastern location. Trust me, drive the extra distance and go to the original Las Vegas location.
5	Best pizza I've had...ever. That's saying a lot seeing as how I'm from the Bay Area - the land of Zachary's! This, however, was every bit as delish. My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night at around 6:30 and got a seat at the bar. We split a caesar salad and a small pepperoni & sausage pizza. He had beer, I had wine - all in all a wonderful experience. In fact,  we're going back tonight! :)
4	LOVE the pizza...We have been here for the 3rd time and I always order order the personal pizza:  Artichokes, garlic, mushrooms and ricotta cheese.Hubby:  pepperoni, sausage, olives, mushrooms, pepper flakes liberally sprinkled...Pretty restaurant and the waitress was very nice.  I wish I remembered her name. We always take leftover pizza home as it takes so good the next day too!They will be opening up a new on on Rainbow off of 215.
4	We stopped by for lunch after many recommendations from friends. Ramiro is always comparing NY pizza to local pizza and is never satisfied with local. But for once he said this pizza was comparable to a NY pizza, he loved that you could taste the freshness in the sauce and the cheese was also great. I completely agree with his assessment but feel that the sauce although very fresh was lacking in spice/flavor. In addition, there was very little of it on the pizza to the point I had to request additional. But that was my only disappointment and wouldn't make it a deal breaker as it was very tasty, ya just gotta make sure to order extra sauce. So we will definitely be back, especially since I saw they had a meatball pizza that looks so good and I can't wait to try it.
4	I heart this place!! I could pretty much eat pizza everyday, especially Grimaldi's!  My son received a free large pizza coupon via email so we ventured off to Boca Park. After getting lost (Since we only moved here  months ago) we found this gem, its located in a great area and my son loved the fountain. We were greeted by 2 nice girls who seated us quickly. They gave my son a ball of dough and away he went throwing it in the air like the pizza makers. Our server was very nice and took our order, which only took about 10 minutes to get.The pizza wasnt pipping hot, but luke warm, which was ok for my son but I wouldve rather it be warmer. I love the cheese on the pizza and the sausage was yummy. We added Parmesan cheese to the top, which made it suuuper yummy! Overall the whole experience was good, the pizza was good and the service was nice. We only ended up paying 2 dollars plus tip for a large 2 topping pizza (because of the bday coupon) so thats always a plus!!
3	My godsister, a friend, and I stopped by Grimaldi's recently.  I'm from Texas, but my godsister is a local of Las Vegas.  She recommended the place, and, if you can't trust a local's recommendation, whose can you trust?This is a great place to enjoy a tasty pizza cooked in a coal-fired oven.  Whether you are by yourself, on a date, or hosting a kids' pizza party (I was sitting next to all three!), Grimaldi's can handle it.The service was pleasant, helpful, and really quick on the refills.  And the pizza came out really quickly.  I think we ordered, I went to wash my hands, sat back down, and BAM!  The pizza was there.  Or, at least, that's how I remember it.The pizza hit the spot.  The crust was crisp and also soft.  The mozzarella came from balls as evidenced by the circular spots of cheese on the pizza.  And the sprigs of basil on the pizza added a pleasant note to the overall taste.Great stop on my weekend trip to Vegas.
5	A little pricey for pizza, but the coal oven doesn't run for free and with its unique taste, it's totally worth it. Great decor and a friendly staff make for a great dinner.
4	After sobbing over the recently closed Ciao Ciao's, I was in need of another good pizza place. My friends suggested Grimaldi's, saying it might even beat my former pizza love, so I was game. I wouldn't go as far as saying it beat Ciao Ciao's, but it was definitely good and we will be back. We took our 15 mo. old with us for an early Sunday dinner. It was great to see so many other kids there and they even offer "kid dough"-- pizza dough for the them to play with at the table. We got a large pizza, half cheese and half pepperoni... the pizza was great. Awesome crust, delicious sauce and cheese... the only thing I will not be getting again was the pepperoni. It was the small slices like you'd find on a Red Barron frozen pizza and the flavor wasn't great. We picked it off and still managed to finish the whole pizza. We will definitely be returning. Great family place. Quick service. Yummy food. You can't beat it! (Although, I will say... I still miss Ciao Ciao's.)
4	heard about it and finally had the time to try it. almost as close as a NY pie, but it's good for me being in LV. I've tried the eastern ave restaurant and i had a great time there. the staff was great and the food was great.  the dipping sauce that came with the calzone did take me back to NY. i  do recommend this place.
3	Grimaldi's pizza is good (3.5 stars).  Problem is, it should be amazing (especially for the whopping price tag).  The menu boasts a wonderful list of fresh ingredients for pizza toppings, all topped with fresh mozzarella.  The simple rundown:- crispy, delicious crust (5 star crust)- salty, tasty fresh mozzarella- soft tasting, smooth tomato sauce (not remarkable, but tasty enough)- wonderful list of ingredients (including roasted garlic)- everything blends together well and the pizza's not overly greasyJust writing out that list, I want to head back there and order another pizza, but then I remember that I just wasn't wowed.  Somehow all of that goodness fails to rise up to greatness and you're left eating a pizza that you enjoy, but . . . well, just enjoy.All of which earns Grimaldi's 4 stars (I mean, I am a fan).  But put the price tag on the pizza and it loses half a star.  Bottom line: they're just not living up to what they're charging.
3	I'm a frequenter of Sambalatte, so I've seen Grimaldi's quite a few times and so I knew I wanted to try i. A friend also said she had tried their Henderson location and liked it - so we ended up trying this location. I did enjoy the pizza. Crust was great, thin and crispy just the way I like it. Was it worth the price though? I wouldn't say so. We added the sausage($2), mushrooms($2), & roasted red peppers($4) to the pizza. Pretty expensive for toppings in my opinion... especially the red peppers. I was surprised they cost more than the sausage. Now, I'm not sure if it was because we were siting outside, where it was a bit chilly - or if it was the pizza - but after about 4 or 5 minutes, the pizza was cold. And, I'm not a big fan of cold pizza.Service wise, it was decent service. Our server was friendly, but maybe a little too friendly. She took it upon herself to look at my friends iPhone, where she saw she had received a text message, and then proceeded to 'pretend' to unlock it. Now, I don't know about some of you... but I don't prefer to have strangers touch my phone... let alone try and read my text messages.
4	Unfortunately before coming to this location, I had the privilege of visiting their popular location in Brooklyn, NY. I say that because I was expecting quite a bit because of the experience I had in New York and how it was nothing like i had had before. The Grimaldi's here on Rampart was very nice inside but when it comes to the food, I'll be honest and say it's above par but not nearly the as good as their location in New York. I'll more than likely be back because of the nostalgic feeling I get while eating their pizza... :)
5	I've been in Vegas for a little over a year and I can honestly say Grimaldi's has the best pesto pizza hands down! I got the personal for $10 and had left overs! The caesar salad is also pretty yum. The service is always top notch, the pizza is consistently aHh-MaZiNG, and it's only a 7 minute drive from the hale.I gotta say... Grimaldi's coupled with Sambalatte enhances the experience by 10x's. Got a new favorite pizza joint, YES! =)
5	I can honestly say that this is the best pizza joint i've been to in Las Vegas,better than Sammy's any day. I only wish they had the bbq chicken pizza like Sammy's has. I am at Grimaldis once or twice a month. If you haven't been, GO!
4	Grimaldi's is a coal fired pizza joint and all I can tell you is that coal fired pizza is now officially my favorite type of pizza!  I found it to be a little weird that they do not offer any specialty pizzas - you have to create your own with toppings sauces etc, but its kind of cool-  my fiance and I have made a different pizza every time we have been there.  They also have pesto sauce as an option for a sauce which is amazing.  I am not a super red sauce fan so it is nice to have another option when it comes to pizza sauce!  The pizza's are a little pricey but keep in mind a large pizza is only 2 dollars more then a medium pizza- so go for it and take the left overs home!
3	This branch must be the weakest branch from Grimaldi's. How do I know? I did Grimaldi's patented pizza pie test. So you should test it out for yourself and make the decision. 1. Hold your pizza pie up by the crust and it must lie perpendicular to you. The slice was slagging. Grade C-2. Make sure the ingredients/ toppings remain on the pie. It started to droop off the dough within several seconds. Grade C- 3. When you bite into the pie, make sure there's a crunch. No crunch to be found. Grade D4. With the bite, steam should be coming out of your mouth. Indeed it did A. I'm sad to say, all the key components are there at Grimaldi Summerlin. I think it's all a matter of execution. Side note, the service is not the greatest from the host/bartender. We arrived to an empty dining area but the bartender and host simply chose to ignore us over their chit chat.
4	Coming in here, immediately great service from the start.  their menu has it all with all the toppings you want.  Only thing i would say they need more selection on their appetizers.The main thing i loved about this place is how super kid friendly this place is.  My friend brought her 1 year old daughter to this place.  By the time we got to our table, they already had a high chair set up.  When they took our orders, they also where considerate about the little ones well being with giving her her own sealable cup AND to keep her busy they gave her her own dough in a pan to play with.  Seriously!  You can't get this anywhere.When our pizza arrived, the server served us pure slices into our plates, with all the condiments we wanted.  The desert selection was very good and tasty.  You can tell the cooks put alot of heart into their food.Overall great food, great environment, definitely stop by.
5	This is by far the best pizza in Las Vegas.They cook the pizza in a stone oven I think, and its super hot, which mens the pizza is cooked through, but because of the short cooking times, they don't burn it.All the pizza is thin crust, but they have both traditional and white with garlic.They have a generous wine selection, which is good if you like wine with your pizza.After eating here, I can't go anywhere else.  Even Settebello falls short of this experience.
2	I got an itch to try Grimaldi's this weekend after hearing everybody rave about it and, i have to say, it came up short of my expectations. The service could have been better. While we were greeted by a very friendly, helpful hostess, our waiter left much to be desired. It took 15 minutes of being seated before getting any service and the place wasn't crowded. As far as the food goes, that fell short of my expectations as well. We ordered a large artichoke, sun-dried tomato and grilled chicken white pizza. I might be biased because I'm not a total fan of thin crust but it's not offensive to me but, when we received our order, the whole pizza was burnt. Definitely not worth what we paid for it. Overall, I'd probably give this place another try because I believe that sometimes you get an "off" experience and I think Grimaldi's definitely has potential. The patio is very nice for people watching and I think it's a good place to come for lunch, especially now that warmer temperatures are upon us.
3	My first time at Grimaldi's was two weekends ago I believe. I was the third wheel to the couple that invited me along, but it worked out perfectly portion wise. They started off with the Caesar Salad (small) which looked pretty large to me.  I'm not a big fan of ordering salads since they don't do anything for me....just some greens tossed with sauce. They decided on ordering the Pesto Pizza with Onions, Sun Dried Tomatoes and Mushrooms. I'm not a big fan of onions, so I was picking them out. The pizza itself was a bit dry, but I think it was the Pesto. I didn't think there was anything spectacular or magical about the pizza, but I willing to go back and try the WHITE pizza which I think is more my style. Service was a bit slow, but overall its an ok pizza joint.
3	I have been to Grimaldi's a few times and each experience has resulted in the same reaction: not impressed. This is not to say that the food is bad. It's just mediocre. I think it's a bit overpriced for what it's worth. I am a pizza snob and I have definitely tasted better pizzas.
3	I had pretty high expectations coming to this location, and they were mostly upheld, but I wanted better.The pizza was pretty solid, but the service was lacking a little bit.I showed up earlier than the rest of my party on Thursday for lunch so I sat at the bar and drank an ice cold glass of water after a morning round of golf. I heard a manager talking, saying he was "giving this table of first-timers a comped order of canolis" When we were seated we went outside, and it was beautiful out so that was great. The hostess offered "iced tea, water, or maybe a Peroni" She didn't ask us if it was our first time, offer to describe the menu and their prices or try to upsell anything like an appetizer or garlic bread or salads. We decided to split a large and the ladies in the group were gonna split a small pizza, and the small is still plenty to share. The girls also decided to split a small caesar salad. We ordered and everything went normal. The pizza took a little longer than I anticipated being a very thin crust and the very beginning of lunch hour, but came out nicely proportioned with plenty of meatballs and onions on one, and plenty of ricotta cheese and pepperonis on the other. The pepperoni was nice and spicy, and the meatballs are full of flavor and nice and large too.When it came time to ask if everything was going well, clear the plates, get us our checks and get the hell out of there is where the service lacked. Our server disappeared for a good 10-12 minutes when we were done eating and it took a long time to get the check and clear the credit card back to us to sign.  One of the other things that bugs me about Grimaldis is that each topping is at least $2-4 and the personal cheese pizza starts at $10 and the large at $18. If you get a large with 2 toppings you're already looking at $24+ just for a pizza. Add two drinks and a salad and you're looking at $45 with a tip for a lunch.Also, what kinda place doesn't serve ranch? We asked for a side of ranch to dip the crust in when the pizza came and she said they don't even serve it at this restaurant. With salad on the menu how do you not serve ranch? This is America right? We love our ranch dressing.Disappointing 3 stars, I'll probably try it again, but probably not too soon since it's about 25 mins away from my house
4	Any local will tell you , Boca Park on a Friday night ...busy. Our first choice was Biersch , we go in and they tell us 30 minute wait time. The kids are whining , it's 7-30 and they need to eat . We try Grimaldi's , they say " 15 minutes " . Done deal. After 30 minutes we are seated , our server is truly excellent , offered water , ice teas immediately . They arrive about 2 minutes later . Great.The menu , Pizza or Salad . That's it , no sides , appetizers , nothing. It's a Pizza restaurant so I suck it up. They do give you a small plate of thinly sliced bread with oil & vinegar so the kids are slightly placated.We order one large cheese pie , and one large pie with grilled chicken and mushrooms.  These pizzas are FABULOUS! Our server dispensed the first slices , offered some condiments before leaving . Delicious , thin crispy pizza served very hot. Could not have asked for more. Wine and beer menus are extensive , place is typical ' we're from NY Italian heritage ' decorated but very well done.Server boxed the uneaten pizza for us and we left. Will we go back. For sure.
4	You can't get a much better pizza than this. Love this place always clean and good service.
4	Even though I've lived in Las Vegas a few years, this is the first time I've eaten at any one of the Grimaldi's spots. I'm sad that I haven't eaten here sooner because the pizza we got was delicious. I don't really care what type of pizza it is or how "authentic" it may or may not be. The only thing I really care is how it tastes. And, the pie that we had was mighty good.We started with a mediocre  small Mediterranean salad ($7). It was large enough for three or four.The pizza we tried was a small white with garlic ($16) with two toppings (pepperoni and mushrooms, $2 each). The crust was excellent, with a decent amount of it charred, as can be expected from a brick oven place. Even with all the cheese and pepperoni that was on the pizza, the bottom of the crust held up well and wasn't soggy, providing a crisp and crackling texture with every bite.The small pizza is more like a medium and is large enough for two to share. Their "personal pizza" is what others would consider a small.The most annoying thing about this place is that toppings are the same price no matter what size of pizza you get. Obviously, you're going to get more pepperoni, for example, if you get a large pizza. But, if you get a personal pizza you get less but have to pay the same price. These pies aren't cheap, so when you start adding toppings the price can get ridiculous.I'm not sure I'll be back to this location, just because finding parking at Boca Park is always a hassle. But I will stop by another Grimaldi's spot to get my pizza fix.
1	We ate here on a Wednesday night with the kids for my husband's birthday. We've been to the location on Eastern twice and had good pizza and service both times. I figure since they're franchises, the food at least would be consistent. I was so wrong!We were seated very quickly and our server came over promptly. I told her to bring all the food out as soon as it's done and she said she understands because the kids will start to go crazy if sitting there for too long. We started off with a caprese salad but when it came out, the tomatoes were pinkish white, not red. When you're serving a salad with only 3 ingredients, every one of them needs to be perfect. The kids didn't want to eat his very adult salad so we asked for bread as well as a dish for the balsamic and olive oil. 15 minutes later, still no bread so we flag down the server and she finally brings it out to us. The dish never came. 15 minutes later, our pizza comes out. We ordered a red pizza with spicy pepperoni and mushroom. The middle was wet, not crispy like the Grimaldis on Eastern. The cheese was chewy, so you had to just chew and eventually swallow it whole because it won't separate. My 4 year old who loves pizza said that it was terrible because the cheese keeps falling off of his floppy wet pizza. When we finished, we wanted to order the cookies and cream cheesecake but nobody looked at us for a very long time. After looking around, we realized that there was only one server, one manager, and three busboys for 15+ tables. It was ridiculous!! We sat there for so long that we decided not to get dessert and when we flagged somebody down, I just gave them my card without seeing the receipt because I didn't want to wait for them to pick up my card. When I got home and checked my bank account, I had two pending charges of the same amount from Grimaldis. If we eat at Grimaldis again, we are making the drive to Henderson. This locations seems like it wants to save money by under staffing and picking sub-par ingredients.
4	My family and I ate here yesterday.  We called for reservations cause we were a party of 13.  They don't take reservations but when we got there they had a table set up for us.I love their pizza.  But I do like to put ranch on my pizza.  They don't have ranch.  If you love thin crust pizza this place is for you.  However I noticed the pizzas ordered with more than one meat topping were greasy in the middle, they still tasted yummy.For being a die hard Chicago stuffed pizza lover I left very happy with a full belly.  However the scale wasn't so happy this morning....
4	I'm a big fan of this chain.  Pizzas are great, atmosphere is fun, salads are fresh and large and prices are fair for what you get.  I eat here as often as I can.
1	Slow service on a Saturday night.  Waited over an hour for our pizza.  My pizza was burnt and dry.  If you want good pizza, go to Rosati's or Chicago Brewing Co.
4	Concierge said that this place has bomb pizza. She was right. For tourists, this place was way out of there but definitely worth the drive through the ghetto. our server was an older woman, blonde hair and super awesome. loved that the menu was simple. a few starters, pizza, and saladslarge pepperoni. thats all we wanted.my girl needs sauce w all her food so we asked for ranch... THEY DONT HAVE ANY she says. im shocked and impressed. they keep it real italian. she offered their creamy caesar and was delightfully pleased. if im at a restaurant normally id eat pizza w a knife and fork but this one just begged to picked up, folded, and held. the mozzarella di bufalo and tangy/sweet marinara were reminiscent of the margheritas in naples. a fantastic pizza eating experience
5	White pizza with extra garlic, pepperoni & mushroom Mmmmmmm. Not as scenic as the Brooklyn bridge location (you do get a cute fountain in front and there's outdoor patio seating), but it's soooo close to home! I don't have to fly to NYC to have Grimaldi's. And there's NO 1-hour wait outside (although I think the long wait and the crowded & tight dining area in NYC made the experience more authentic).My advice: eat there, don't take it to-go. The pizza tastes so much better fresh from the oven. I didn't try it at this location but the house red wine in NYC was deelish!don't forget XTRA GARLIC!
3	I was more impressed with the restaurant itself rather than the pizza. This would be a great little place to have a romantic night out or dinner with a group friends. I love how creative they got with the decor in this place :D The service was more than exceptional. As for the pizza, I think it was pretty decent quality, the pizza I ate this particular night was thin crust, sausage, and ricotta cheese. It was "A-Ok"- I wasn't jumping up and down about it but it wasn't bad at all. I didn't like how cold it got in a matter of minutes though. I also tried the red sangria- which was also just "A-OK" I've had better. I will definitely give this place another try sometime and my hope is to get something around 5 star value! :D
5	Some of the best pizza we've ever had!  We got the large pizza with pepperoni, feta cheese, and green olives on half (the green olives weren't listed on the menu, so just ask for them).  The pizza had the perfect amount of thin crust crisp with just enough creaminess of the cheese...truly amazing!  We sat at one of the high-top tables in the front of the restaurant, which gives a little more room in between tables verses the tables towards the back.
4	Enjoyed our first time in.  Very good service and nice decor.  I have no doubt that the pizza, etc., is authentic, and it is good, but I guess I've developed a taste for Red Rock Pizza that I can't kick.  But Red Rock doesn't operate a nice restaurant like this!  We enjoyed the pizza and salad, and we will definitely go again.
5	This is my all-time favorite pizza place.  Pizza is my favorite food and I love the wonderful creative culinary directions that pizza has gone, but this is true blue pizza done very well.  Great atmosphere.  Love the sit down pizza atmosphere. Portions of caesar salad and caprese are generous and consistently delicious.  Consistency is the key for any pizza place and Grimaldi's hits the mark everytime.
4	I went there for the first time last night.  The entire meal was great.  We started with a caesar salad and a caprese salad.  Both were good.  The croutons on the caesar were very flavorful, and there were huge basil leaves with the caprese.For pizza, we had a white pizza, and a traditional.  Both were excellent.  If I had a suggestion (not a complaint,) it would be to go with a different pepperoni.  Theirs is kinda cheap tasting, like the kind you get on a frozen pizza.  The sausage was good though.Dessert, I had Tiramisu, my favorite.  I have yet to ever had a bad Tiramisu, just "less than great" Tiramisu.  This falls under "less than great."  It is the same frozen/thawed Tiramisu that most places have.  It was good, I was just hoping for better.Regardless of the dessert, or the pepperoni, we had great service and will difinitely go back.
3	My husband and I ate here last week and it was nice.  We ordered the Caesar salad and the waitress said the small was big enough to share.  It was, only if you aren't really hungry which we were but we appreciated her assisting us trying to be more economical.  For our pizza we ordered artichokes, sundried tomato, and onions.  We loved how thin the pizza was but there wasn't much crunch.  Maybe that was due to the amount of water in the vegetables which transferred to the crust.  Not really sure, but I do remember having crunchy vegetarian pizza.  Overall, the location and atmosphere was very pleasant and we will definitely go back.
5	My wife and I ate at Grimaldi's today. Finally, a great pizza! We have been missing Mary's Pizza in the San Francisco Bay Area ever since we moved to Utah in 2003. Never did find a pizza that would get your mouth watering prior to actually eating it in Utah. Three month's ago we moved to Las Vegas and I am so happy that we finally found a pizzeria that we can look forward to. Our pizza was fabulous and the service was amazing. Only negative was that there wasn't enough leftover pizza tonight. I only had two slices and was bummed out because I wanted more! Never have liked warmed up pizza so much. Will definitely be going back to Grimaldi's every chance I get.
2	I will admit that I am a tough critic on pizza restaurants. I have been making pizza at home for 30 years so I know what type of crust and toppings that I prefer. Things looked good when we entered the restaurant and I noticed slightly blackened crusts on the pizzas as I enjoy a crisp crust with light toppings. Normally I order a pizza Margarita (tomato and basil) as it gives me a good idea of the quality of the ingredients and the crust structure and flavor. In this case, I also ordered some of the red peppers as an additional topping. The pizza that was delivered to the table was quite a disappointment. Smothered in sliced tomatoes, the moisture of the tomatoes and the peppers made a very soggy crust I expect a thin crust to be slightly crisp not wet and and soft. I don't mind paying $24 for a pizza (basic pizza $16+$4 for peppers+$2 for tomatoes+$2 for basil) but it really needs to be exceptional. This one was not. By the way, I have never before been charged extra for basil on my pizza!The Mediterranean salad was OK (large, $10) and service was prompt although my half empty water glass was never re-filled.Maybe this is a good place to sit on the outside patio for a drink or two but I think that  their main and only dish, pizza, is really not up to par especially for the price. I would prefer Sammy's or Metro any day.
4	We stopped in today for a late lunch. We opted to sit outside since it was a fantastic fall day in Las Vegas. We ordered Caesar Salad and a cheese pizza. The salad was very tasty with healthy sized crouton and plenty of cheese. The dressing was not too "fishy", in fact, it was very good. The pizza was cooked great and the crust was the thinnest I have ever had. The pizza was very authentic rustic Italian with lots of sauce and cheese blotted across the pizza. My only complaint, if I was forced to complain, would be that they served Pepsi products instead of Diet Coke. The staff was friendly and attentive. The food was good; a little pricey for pizza, but good. The best part was sitting outside and watching all the goofballs thinking they're special walking in and out of Kona Grill next door. Hahaha!
5	Pretty Damn great pizza. Aside from casa bianca. Pizza here was great!
1	Crappy crap.. pizza... I'm Italian.. from New york... I have had millions of slices of pizza... The pizza here is dry.. bland..plain.. and unbecoming of the name new York style pizza...If you want real great pizza go to Due Forni... Now they have real pizza...I will never eat this pizza or come here again... P.s. the bartender was loud and annoying too...
2	Bartender was friendly, but was just a too chatty and loud for my liking. Sangria is pretty mediocre and made on the spot. If you call it sangria, I just believe the fruit should be fermented in the juices and wine for some period of time prior to service.The pizza simply sucked. I'd call pizza hut before returning. Very little flavor, too much flour on bottom, and burnt to black in a few spots. Not my thing, I guess. I'd say I'd come back and give it another shot, but their thing is pretty much just pizza, and I was pretty unimpressed, so I wouldn't imagine a giant leap from the first batch.
3	The pizza was good, but WAY overpriced.  They start with a basic pizza then toppings are extra.  $2 for jalapenos? $2 for onions?  Seriously?
2	I want to love this pizza, I really do. The pizza looks and smells good, but the taste just does not match the presentation. It's a mediocre pizza disguised as a delicious pizza. I can't quite pinpoint what was wrong with the pizza either. The sauce? The cheese? The toppings? The crust? Its a mystery that I will not attempt to answer again. Surprisingly enough, even though the pizza was a huge disappointment they make a mean calzone at Grimaldi's. Also, I love the decor they have with makeshift lanterns made out of empty wine bottles. With so many pizza places strewn about the valley there are better options than Grimaldi's.
4	Brick oven deliciousness! The pizza at Grimaldis is not just large in size it is also full of flavor...and always wanting more. Thin crust Delicious dough and sauce is authentic so full of gourmet flavor... and I love they use fresh motzzarella...the toppings are also far from skimpy. A+ for authenticity and originality with a very common product. I am always craving their pizza. The restaurant is cozy and romantic, they have a full bar and TV to keep up with the sports/news, nice brick and classy dining. Highly recommended if you want a thin crust, brick oven authentic pizza, little taste of Italy...mmmmm!!!!
5	Delicious pizza and we ALWAYS get the ceasar salad with anchovies. Great wine selection. Service is consistent and friendly every time.
5	When someone says I'm in the mood for pizza, usually people think of a whole in the wall quick piece of cardboard or half cooked soggy bottom want to be crust covered with cheese with beer and football. Am I right? I've got to tell you Grimaldis exception to the old ways we think about one of our oldest and favorite family meal ideas. They've taken pizza from a feeding frenzy at sporting, college hazing, quick through something down the kids throat, parties etc. and made it a dining experience. A 3 course, wine tasting, some place you can take your date or family without feeling like you're in the midst of a recession. The quality of the food and professionally fun staff add to the experience. Do yourself a favour and see for yourselves!
4	You know I really like this Pizza.. I just cant believe when I go here.. I drop $100 on Pizza for 5 people.. Seems extreme.. I mean its good Pizza.. but just flat out too much money.. Seriously.. food is good.. but Golden Steer.. Lawry's.. same price point.. too much for Pizza.. Man.. now I want Steak..
4	I know I'm hard on pizzerias. I'm gonna preface my review by saying this; Grimaldi's is... different. I don't mean it's a bad place; it's actually a really good pizzeria. It's just coal fire pizza. That's not something I'm particularly accustomed to. It is however not a bad approach. I'll always be a diehard brick oven proponent. To a pizza maker/connoisseur, it's more drastic than a Pepsi vs. Coke argument. It's more like Charcoal vs. Gas grills, American vs Foreign cars, Macs vs. PCs, or Revolvers vs. Semi-Auto pistols. It's just a fundamentally different approach. But I can actually appreciate it for what it is. The decor is nice and classy for a pizzeria. Like a more upscale old school NY pizza joint. The quality of ingredients are high. I order different things now and then. I really like the meatball and ricotta toppings. Being coal oven pizza, you still get a pretty crispy pie. Sometimes, the crust is too crispy though, even for me. And since this is all the nature of the beast with coal ovens, the toppings aren't always piping hot. But it all has a really good flavor to it. And the service is outstanding. If you sit at the bar you might have Audrey serving you. She's a good friend, and she's pretty awesome. Tell her I sent you, if she's there when you go. The manager is pretty cool too! I would definitely recommend giving this place a try, if you have any interest in pizza whatsoever. If you are diehard like me, and from back east... you may be more critical. Just look at it as something a little different and appreciate it for what it is. You might actually love it. I've put it in my pizza rotation, and I think that says a lot. Oh and by the way, they unfortunately don't deliver.
4	I love this new location and i am so glad Grimaldi's decided to open one on my side of town.  The first time I a taste of heavenly pizza was down at the Eastern location and when this one opened in Summerlin I was ecstatic!  As you can see I am a regular at Grimaldi's and these are just a few must haves when you are there!1. The pesto pizza is to die for, alongside the white.  I usually get a half and half just so i can get the best of both worlds.2. My Favorite toppings are: Sausage, ricotta cheese, pepperonis, onions, extra garlic, roasted peppers, and maybe some basil.  (these are just a few of my favs that i think are their specialties that is a must, however, all other toppings are very good as well)3. Their Greek or Mediterranean salads are amazing!  light and refreshing, not over the top heavy creamy dressing which is very nice right before a hearty meal.4. they have half off bottle wines some nights or some times so it's always smart to ask the waitresses what their specials are in case you are looking for a good time!Friendly tip:  if you can't decide on the size of pizza, always go with large because you can never go wrong with leftover grimaldi's for a midnight snack or next day breakfast.if more than 2 people, get two large with different toppings and get creative!  i don't think you can go wrong either way!don't get scared away by the wait, there's a total wines and shops in this plaza so even if the wait is 30 mins, you can easily kill time in the plaza without going too far.
4	I'm typically a thick crust kinda girl but living in Vegas for awhile I've grown to appreciate thinner crust pizza. Grimaldi's does a good job when it comes to their crust because it 's thin but not too thin and it's crispy.Grimaldi's does this great birthday promotion where if you sign up you can get a free one topping pizza for your birthday. We of course couldn't just get one topping so we did some add ons. We ordered sausage, garlic, and onion it was delicious! They have a very simple menu. They don't even have garlic bread!  We opted for a side order of bread that we dipped in Balsamic and olive oil. It was good but I prefer garlic bread....I'm somewhat addicted to it....especially if there is melted cheese on it. We ended the meal with their Butterscotch cheesecake. It was yummy it had pieces of Heath chocolate bar pieces surrounding it . I was hoping they would have their blueberry cheesecake that I had here on my first visit . I'm not a big fan of cheesecake but the taste was unforgettable!
1	I was a big fan until last night.  I didn't have a problem dropping 75 on pizza for our family of 4 when it was good.  First the Romaine in the Caesar Salad was bitter, according to my wife and kids.  The pizza we ordered came out wrong after waiting 45 minutes.  The manager came over and offered to remake the pizza and a free desert for our inconvenience.  The first pizza was on them, so to help with my starvation I dug into the first piece with a huge disappointment.  My wife was already upset with me as I complained about the pizza being wrong in the first place, so for a moment I held back giving her my thoughts of that first bite.  I couldn't take it after the second bite and told her my thoughts.  She agreed.  I thought maybe the second pizza would be better. It wasn't.   Not only this but it took forever to get the bill and pay.  I will not be returning anytime soon, if at all.
3	Came here with a local friend (and a group of peeps) for a music video shoot we were working on.  the wait was 20 min food took a while to come out. the salads were good. the pizza was all right but not as amazing as other people said . I guess i had high expectations. We also had the calzone ... it was just ok.... lots of parking.
5	Best pizza I've ever had. Delicious thin crust!
3	Just tried Grimaldi's at Boca Park in Vegas.  Waiter was extremely cool, though we could've done without his encouraging the loud group next to us to be even louder.  Ordered a large pie with garlic and mushrooms.  As another reviewer pointed out, the first slice was the best; Grimaldi's really needs to invest in some kind of serving plate that does a better job (or any job) of keeping the pie warm.  Pizza was just what you want from a thin-crust style, however incredibly, and I mean INCREDIBLY under-seasoned.  Even with the visible garlic on it, we still needed to douse ours with extra garlic powder, cheese, oregano, red pepper flakes and whatever other seasoning we could find.  Only then was the seasoning adequate.  My wife and I did finish the whole pie, but the last slices were sadly cold, and my wife pointed out as well that there were bare patches on the pie where there was nothing: no cheese, sauce or toppings.  That is a cardinal sin in our opinion.  Had cannoli for dessert, they were quite good.
3	My birthday pizza coupon was about to expire and it was pretty late so we gave this Grimaldi's another chance. It had the average 20 minute wait for a Saturday night, tables were packed, yet service was on top of things. We ordered a pepperoni mushroom pizza and the manager brings it out to us. He says "how does this pizza look?" We're sitting there kind of confused because it was on the extra crispy side and had a bunch of holes in it. He followed up by saying "it doesn't look good and it's not up to our standards. We're giving this one to you for free and we're making another one for you right now. I just wanted to bring this out because I didn't want you to be hungry." GIVE THIS MAN A RAISE! That was the best thing I've ever heard!Our second pizza came out and it was a tad soggy and seemingly undercooked. The food in the end was just a-ok but I felt the need to express my love for that awesome manager (the Asian one, incase you're wondering who to give a raise to Mr. Grimaldi) and give my rating a 2 star bump. 5 stars for service. 3 stars for food.
4	This is the only Grimaldi's location I've been to and I very much enjoyed my the food.  They boast having the best coal-fired brick oven, New York-style thin crust pizza in the world and it's hard for me to argue against them.  It certainly beats any other chain or franchise pizza place I've been too.They have tons of toppings to choose from, but I recommend their white pizza with pepperoni and extra garlic.  You'll smell terrible after, but it is oh so delicious!  A personal size could probably feed 2 people.  Now if only they opened a location in Southern California...
4	Such mixed reviews for this place. The other locations have 4 stars and this one has a three. I"m going to give this place 4 stars and try the other locations... THEY'RE PROBABLY 5s for me!! Yeee--!Came here on a Friday late night and it wasn't crowded at all. Bartender was nice... gave us some nice suggestions and seemed to love his place of employment. Loved the decor. It paid homage to New York in a romantic, classy and  "lower the lights, it's getting dim" way. A small Caesar salad goes a long way!!! Just a simple salad, nothing extrodinary.THE PIZZA WAS DELISH. It's not a pizza joint where they have different types of pizza to choose from. Rather there's three types of sauces1) Cheese and garlic2) Tomato sauce3) PestoYou can go halfies on these sauces on your pizza. Then you choose the toppings. The price for this ranged from 2-4 dollars.My pizza: Half cheese/garlic and pesto with RICOTTA cheese, sausage and mushrooms. Now the ricotta was a a nice touch but I think they could have had a lighter hand loading it on. It was a bit too much.... but the pizza was still delicious. The edges were nice and crispy but the middle wasn't so much, I think it was because of the ricctta. I could still taste the garlic after we left. OoOooo I heard the cheese cake was good but I didn't have a chance to try it! :o/
1	Pizza isn't SoO good as everyone say it is. Pizza took a long time, a bit too salty and it came out burnt =\ I wouldn't go back to eat again. Nothing like the EAST Coast pizza.
2	After having a few people swear by this place, my husband and I finally made a stop to see what all the fuss was about.  After eating at Grimaldi's, we still aren't sure what all the fuss is about.Don't get me wrong, the pizza is good- it's just not fantastic enough for the price or stuffy atmosphere.  How can you charge $16 for a cheese pizza and then another $4 for some artichokes?  Heaven forbid you want to build yourself a multi-topping pizza.  You'll end up paying $30 when it's all said and done.It's a thin crust, which I like, but thin enough that my husband and I could split the entire pie and leave not feeling like we just pigged out.  The cheese and sauce are good, but I can't speak for the toppings since we were playing it cheap that night and didn't order any.I'd rather have some more authentic NY-style pizza and head over the Cosmopolitan's Secret Pizza joint.  Plus I can enjoy better music and scenery while I'm there.By the way, why was there *one* basil leaf on our pie?  Seriously, what's up with that?
5	Wonderfully delicious pizza! I am a huge fan of thin crust and this is the best! I love the meatball pizza...it is to die for  I am not a huge fan of their salads...missing a little something, maybe it is the lack of stuff other than lettuce, but I still give the place a five star review.
5	GET THE LARGE PEPPERONI & MUSHROOM WITH DOUBLE MOZZARELLA, you will want left-overs ! Tucked in between Kona Grill and Gordon Bierch is the pizzeria that made the Brooklyn Bridge famous and now you can experience EXCELLENT NY pizza here on the West Coast without waiting in a long ass line with tons of tourists on Old Fulton Street.  Just park in the strip mall and head towards the fountain and you will find one of the greatest pizzerias in Summerlin (the other one is Rocco's by Costco).  I'm born & raised NY and my taste buds have been in training all my life, I know Great Pizza.This thin crust is cracker crisp and will stay perfectly horizontal even without folding.  Here is what separates the Grimaldi style from others: 1. They place fresh HANDMADE mozzarella slices (not shredded) on the crust FIRST2. Sauce is drizzled on top after the toppings (white pizza does not even have sauce)3. Oven temperature is HOTTER than hell which can soar up to 1200 degrees.  This coal oven brick pizza gives the crust that distinct charred flavor and crispiness.  Look under the crust and you will see the color that's different.  4. Pepperoni are little tiny salty slices which crisp up a bit.  SOOO GOOOD5. When you have been in the pizza business this long, you know that there are key factors that people connotate with excellent pizza: New York style, NY water, sauce, cheese, oven temperature, etc.  Grimaldi re-creates the NY style of water by re-creating the exact mineral content of Brooklyn water to make sure the dough is just like NY.The coal brick oven is a goldmine and permit nightmare in NYC.  It wasn't possible to install a coal brick oven in Manhattan where Grimaldi originally wanted to open his pizzeria, so he opened up in Brooklyn (coal ovens had to be grandfathered in from the building).  Under the bridge on Old Fulton Street is famous, but now with the latest lease controversy, there is the new location around the corner from the original.  Back in 1904 Lombardi opened a brick oven pizza in SOHO and you can also wait in line to compare.  In March 2012, Juliana's will be opening up in NY as another Grimaldi spin off.
2	Tried the Summerlin location.  Too expensive for pizza.   You have to pay for toppings.  Veggie toppings $4.00 and $3.00 for meat toppings. My husband I don't like the same toppings so we tried to order 1/2 on one side and 1/2 on other side.  They charge full price still for each topping even if only on 1/2 the pizza..  Pizza looked large but not filling due to the thin crust.  A small with two toppings will set you back $16.00 bucks.  Was shopping at Fashion Show mall with friends and they wanted to try this place.  4 calzone's and 4 sodas later set us back $91.00 without tip.  Ouch.  Could have gone upstairs to the food court and had the same items and payed 1/3 what we payed for this tasteless calzone.
4	Great pizza, great service. I came here with a few friends and this was the first time any of us has every been to any of the Grimaldi's locations. The menu looked pretty small at first, but it just has everything you could possibly need/want here. We went with a large house salad: Romaine lettuce, red onions, cherry tomatoes, oven roasted sweet red peppers, mushrooms, olives, and Vinaigrette dressing ($8), a large white w/ garlic pizza with meatballs and mushrooms ($22), and two Cannolis ($4.50 ea.). The salad came out in a bowl that was just big enough to fit the portion of salad in it, so it looked like there wasn't much salad at first, but there was actually more than enough for all four of us. I guess I'm just so used to places putting salad in oversized bowls that I don't realize what the "right" amount looks like. We each had at least 2 servings each and there was still some leftover. The salad was very fresh and I really enjoyed the mushrooms and Vinaigrette dressing. It's not too often that I have salad with mushrooms in it. The pizza blew all of us away. The crust was very thin, but not dry or overcooked. There were also a lot of garlic bits on top, but it surprisingly didn't bother any of us. It also had a pretty good amount of mushrooms on top, which I loved.Our waitress was always checking up on us and refilling our drinks throughout our time here and she would even give her recommendations, tell us a little bit about the different menu items, and even joke around a little. It really added to our experience here.Tip*Sign up for their birthday promo. You get a free large pizza!
5	Best pizza in town. thin crust. The cheeses is very fresh and salads are huge.
4	My wife and I were very excited when Grimaldi's Pizzeria opened their location in Boca Park. We have gone there several times since they opened and to say our experience has been a mixed bag is an understatement. Over time we have become dyed in the wool pizza snobs. We look for the best pizza where ever we travel and have learned a lot about what goes into a great pie. We especially like wood and coal fired oven pizzas so we knew Grimaldi's would be right up our alley.  I've had a few very good pies at Grimaldi's and I've had a couple of questionable experiences.  On our first couple of trips to Grimaldi's we ordered pepperoni pizza and wine. The pies were well made with a nice char on the crust as one would expect from a coal fired pizza. The service was quick and very friendly. We were definitely satisfied with our visits early on. On a subsequent visit things got a little funny. We hadn't tried a margherita style pizza at Grimaldi's so we decided that that would be the order of the day. Now mind you the Vegas location doesn't have margherita as choice on their menu, but it's a pretty simple traditional pie. It's just sauce, mozzarella and basil. Pretty straight forward, right? So I thought. Upon asking for a margherita pizza I was given an explanation about east coast margherita vs. west coast margherita and how each is made. His whole east coast/ west coast thing made me forget we were discussing pizza and had me believing the conversation had turned to hip-hop music. East coast/ west coast? Really??!! It was obvious that instead of telling me he didn't know what a margherita pizza our server wanted to b.s. me. At this point he suggested that we try both pies. Against my better judgment I went along with him. Needless to say, both pies were wrong. The most interesting of the two pies was the east coast pie which did have basil on it: about $40 worth! Since that experience I have made a trip to Brooklyn and went to the original Grimaldi's where they knew exactly what a Margherita pizza is. Must be some sort of disconnect between the mothership and franchises.  With all of that being said Grimaldi's does serve a good pie and is worth the trip. The serve is always good and the wine list has some nice choices as well. Just remember, if you want a margherita pizza write down the instructions on how it's made! East coast or west coast!!
1	Grimaldi's pizza= ultra thin =   ultra expensive = ultra louseythe only place where I could eat a whole pie, because of its skimpinesswow, please serve me more cracker w/ brushed on tomato and sprinkling of cheeseUNBELIEVABLE !!!!
5	I love this pizzeria. Everytime I visit Las Vegas this is a must place to eat. We always order a large with red sauce, italian sausage, mushroom, garlic, and pepperoni. The best thin crust pizza in the world! Also, the wait staff is awesome!
5	I can't remember ever having a better pizza experience. I'm an east coast NY/NJ guy used to great pizza. The ingredients in these pies are so fresh the pizza just sings! Pepperoni and garlic my personal fave.
5	I first tried Grimaldi's in Brooklyn.  The Brooklyn location was pretty crowded.  We waited in line for a while to enjoy communal seating and grumpy Eastern European servers.  The pizza was good, but exhausting to get to. The local Grimaldi's has the great food with none of annoyances.If you insist on thick crust/Chicago style pizza or don't really care what people throw on your pizza then, seriously, what are you doing?  Do some frickin research.  But if you like thin crust pizza, with high quality ingredients, this is the place for you.  I suggest asking for extra cheese.  The mozzarella has always been the bomb and worth every penny.  All the ingredients are high quality and you will end up paying more for your pizza, but, imho, it is worth it.
4	Grimaldi's is a little expensive for pizza, but in this case you get what you pay for.  Their small is like most mediums (16") and the large is, well, large!  They advertise coal brick oven pizza and that's exactly what you get: delicious, thin crust pizza with very fresh toppings.  There are a several pizzas (combinations of toppings) on the menu you can chose from, but you can also create your own from a reasonable list of toppings and sauce types.The staff is fantastic every time I've gone.  You're greeted warmly at the door, seated and quickly have the attention of one of the waitstaff.  I've also ordered pizza to go and don't mind the wait while it cooks.  You're invited to sit at the bar, located close to the front of the restaurant, where the bartenders have also always been awesome.  There are TVs over the bar, and I've always been offered a courtesy soft drink while I wait.  They bring the pizza to you, check to see that it's what you want, pay the bill and  you're on your way.My only word of advise for those who take out:  because the pizza is thin crust, it cools very fast.  I only live a few miles from the restaurant but my pizzas usually need a little love in the oven by the time I get home.  That said, it's never hurt the flavor and I definitely wouldn't avoid Grimaldi's for take-out because of this.  Fantastic restaurant with fantastic food.  Enjoy!
4	If you're going here expecting a gut-bomb Chicago pizza you'll be dissapointed.  If you're looking for a classic NY coal-oven pie with high quality ingredients....this is your place.  I've been told by folks born and bred in Brooklyn that this location is even better than the original institution back east.  Try a pie with sundried tomatos and rigotta cheese....order two while you're at it.  Be warned: because of the thin, ultra-crispy crust, it does not lend itself to delivery or take-out.
4	We had a Family Birtday celbration about 2 weeks ago. They accomodated a large party for us..thank you. The food was perfect  and we all enjoyed ourselves. The only thing I can say is the room is very loud do to all the hard surfaces. So it was difficult to hear and converse at times.Ronnel is a great server with a happy attitude.
5	AMAZING PIZZA and THE BEST CHEESECAKE EVER! (Homemade cheesecake) I recommend the Peanut butter cup cheesecake. We were in a group of ten and everyone commented on how great the pizza was. Pesto pizza was the favorite for my wife. The place runs a little on the expensive side but we all thought it was worth it. I would recommend eating here when the local papa johns/dominoes type places wont cut it and you want some pizza that is on the gourmet side.
4	Ate at the bar and Chad was awesome and definitely made our visit much more enjoyable. This place is a much more trendier and modern version of the Brooklyn location. Loved the ambience and the wine bottle pendant hanging lights. Pizza was good but I adjusted mine with a sprinkling of olive oil and a dash of salt. Chad recommended adding the basil after the pizza has been cooked. I didn't even know you can ask it that way but I'm glad we went with his recommendation. The fresh basil made it great and the were very generous with the basil. Totally worth the visit. If you have room for dessert, try the cheesecakes; light and easy to eat.
4	I'm no pizza expert but these folks know what they are doing.  Great thin crispy pizza, home made sauce, fresh toppings.  The staff was great.  We sat down and I immediately spilled a beer, they were great about it, moved us to another table, did not make a fuss, got me another beer and were kind in regards to my clumsiness.  I love the thin crust - the thinner the better.  It had a good texture and you can tell it's cooked in a REAL pizza oven.  I love that they care about their craft - it's a dying art....
5	For a pizza joint, there's none better!  This is as close to Italian as I have found in Vegas.  The crust is on the thin side, with just the right amount of crunch.  The sauce isn't too sweet.  The selection of toppings are plentiful, without being obnoxious, and the service, for the most part has always been good, everybody has an off day.The Boca Park location is my choice, dine alfresco, and enjoy the views.
4	Price of a pizza was 12$ for a cheese, added mushrooms and Roni for 2$ more  each. For a sit down place like this, not a bad price. started off with a salad, hade red onion, roasted red, olives, tomatoes. Dressing was so-so, but the salad mix was good. Pizza came out, and the crust was a little burnt. but the pizza was great. they had it laid out with cheese, toppings and then sauce. so if you are a person that likes a lot of sauce, then this might not be your pizza. but as for me i like a perfect balance, then this is your pizza. cheese was awesome, toppings tasted fresh. great crunch when i bit into the pizza. 3 slices filled me up for lunch. It was very slow, during lunch, so i expected the staff would be very attentive.
4	The BF and I came after a beer festival and needed something comforting to sop up the boozing. We ordered a small caesar salad to start. I normally don't go for a caesar salad except when there is a possibility to have it with anchovies. Squeeze a little lemon on the anchovies, some crunchy romaine with creamy dressing is my idea of a comfort salad. I'm "weird", but you do know that is what a legit caesar dressing is made of. We got a thin crust mushroom pizza and the crust was pretty crispy and light throughout. Service at this location was friendly, funny, and attentive on drinks and checking if we need anything. For a chain pizza, I think Grimaldi's is pretty good and has been solid every location I've been to.
3	So Ive had to ponder this review for a few days as Im conflicted. In all fairness this is by far the best pizza Ive had since moving to Las Vegas over a year ago. When I first moved here I ate at a new pizza joint every week in hopes of finding a good slice.I finally found a great slice made in Vegas and Ive eaten at three of their locations now and the pizza has never disappointed.That being said I did find a big hunk of metal in my salad. I want to give them negative stars for that alone but I love their pizza so much I cant. What I can say is that the manager came over and told me the salads were on the house and helped me fill out their incident report. I was physically fine and just lucky I hadn't swallowed it as I was thinking it was an olive pit. We were happy with that but 10 minutes later the owner came over to make sure I was OK and said the entire meal was on him and that we should have desert as well.Just to show you how much I love this pizza we couldn't take him up on the offer as we were all stuffed.Ok so outside of the Salad the Pizza was coal fired perfection and the owner/staff made the entire experience top notch and you shouldn't be afraid to try them out.I know the price can freak you out but its worth every penny.A break down of our experience here would be:Salad 1 out of 5 (explanation already given)Pizza 4 out of 5 (half order of onions turned into light onions on entire pizza)Management 8 out of 5 (after my last experience like this I have to say all crisis like this should be handled so professionally.Wait staff 4 out of 5 (we had empty drinks on our table a lot and Im sure that was because she was to nervous to come back to the table. She did a great job besides the empty drinks and we did tip her a good amount even though we were eating for free.I have to say give them a chance just be careful chewing the salad.
5	I love that you can get basil on the pizza after it comes out - so good! I find myself coming here pretty regularly because it's delicious and you can get wine by the half carafe - perfect when you want more than a glass, but not the whole bottle. This place gets packed in the evenings, but worth the wait in my opinion.
1	Got table blocked right off the bat. Told hostess we needed a table for 3 outside headed out and noticed another group closely following then some confusion as they said they were waiting before us so host gave to them. Waited for party to leave so we could get next one. Waiter never came back to get their check lol they ended up annoyed and came in to pay. Fronts horribly managed.  Sat us at a 2 person table...? Not enough room. Had to ask to be moved.Everything seemed to be fine... at first. They were literally falling all over themselves to help us with drinks etc. Had 3 different servers tell us about the pizzas there and ask us for drink order. Was kind of comical. Pizza came and was good... Our neighboring table that backed up to the wall seemed to be having some sort of issue and the man there jumped up abruptly and then the woman he was eating with did the same. Thought they were fighting that was until I noticed some visitors on their table. Yes ON their table. Thats when we also saw them. It seems Boca park has a rather severe roach problem. We immediately stopped eating when we saw they were scattering less than a foot away from our table and not one or two mind you. Dozens of them were crawling in the bushes and along the wall. I could have and at one point was leaning on that wall. Thankfully they didn't crawl onto our table, our neighbors were't as lucky as one dashed right in there while they were eating. Told the waitress as we abruptly moved away from the wall and she said she knew... and it was a problem they were having.  The manager came out who was extremely nice and admitted it was a problem and they had to spray several times a week and was going to start spraying everyday. gag! He gave us a discount. It actually read "roaches" under the reason for the discount. I wish I were kidding...If its that bad outside what does the kitchen look like?Here's a tip... when you have a roach infestation don't sit diners right next to it. We took our pizza home but now we are wondering why we even paid for the meal. None of us want to eat it. lol Nasty as hell. Won't ever be back.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for over 30 years, the reason the roaches are outside in the planter is because that is where bugs and insects live!!!  If you want to dine insect free, go inside. Would you make such a big deal if you saw a gecko on the patio of fine restaurant on and island resort??? Get real people. My family has dined at Grimaldis for over 2 years. The food is absolutely great, the staff is overly friendly and the restaurant has always appeared impeccable on our visits. We have dined inside and outside and enjoyed both.
1	6/4/2012 Got table blocked right off the bat. Told hostess we needed a table for 3 outside headed out and noticed another group closely following then some confusion as they said they were waiting before us so host gave to them. Waited for party to leave so we could get next one. Waiter never came back to get their check lol they ended up annoyed and came in to pay. Fronts horribly managed.  Sat us at a 2 person table...? Not enough room. Had to ask to be moved.Everything seemed to be fine... at first. They were literally falling all over themselves to help us with drinks etc. Had 3 different servers tell us about the pizzas there and ask us for drink order. Was kind of comical. Pizza came and was good... Our neighboring table that backed up to the wall seemed to be having some sort of issue and the man there jumped up abruptly and then the woman he was eating with did the same. Thought they were fighting... that was until I noticed some visitors on their table. Yes ON their table. That's when we also saw them. It seems Boca park has a rather severe roach problem. We immediately stopped eating when we saw they were scattering less than a foot away from our table and not one or two mind you... Dozens of them were crawling in the bushes and along the wall. I could have and at one point was leaning on that wall. Thankfully they didn't crawl onto our table, our neighbors were't as lucky as one dashed right in there while they were eating. Told the waitress as we abruptly moved away from the wall. She said they knew... and it was a problem they were having.  The manager came out who was extremely nice and admitted it was a problem and they had to spray several times a week and was going to start spraying everyday. gag! He gave us a discount. It actually read "roaches" under the reason for the discount. I wish I were kidding...If it's that bad outside what does the kitchen look like?Here's a tip... when you have a roach infestation don't sit diners right next to it. We took our pizza home but now we are wondering why we even paid for the meal. None of us want to eat it. lol Nasty as hell. Won't ever be back.Part 2...Looks like I'm getting some hate mail from .. employees? or overly ardent Grimaldi lovers? lol They must really love that pizza! Pathetic. Now you are just riling me. I was willing to let this go and never go back... but not now. This is a review site! We had a bad experience. I'm going to write about it!There are roaches there ... outside yes, but the problem is extreme. I grew up here. I know there are roaches outside. This is pretty damn bad or else it wouldn't have been mentioned. No "Gecko's on a patio" but then again, that might help them solve their roach problem. I'm not trying to "ruin the reputation of a restaruarnt," (and yes they spelled it wrong, that's a direct quote.) I do have the receipt... would you like me to post it showing the reason, "roaches" on the there? It was so bad they have a discount called "roaches" in their system. lol It's time they do something about it. When a problem is that severe you don't sit people there! Period. And if its that bad outside I wonder what the kitchen looks like...I'd be MORE than happy to learn that they've taken steps to correct this little black crawly issue and I would LOVE to post that its been fixed on here for all to see... yet no one has contacted me other than really angry pizza lovers. Crazy.Maybe we can just solve this and have the health department come out and take a look. If they don't think its a problem then hey no worries!Cheers!
4	Despite the "roach situation" I finally gave this one a try. It was very good, not great. Typically the first time I try a pizza joint I go with just straight pepperoni, this time was no exception. I always feel that if a place can get the basics right then I am willing to venture out and try something a little more.... exotic.The crust was good, the cheese very good, not much in the way of sauce. Worth trying however I still prefer chicago style pizza. If it is't cut in squares, it isn't pizza:)
4	We came on a Saturday night after bar hopping, and we got right in, no line. The waitress gave this bland spiel about how the water and ingredients come from Brooklyn, blah blah, I didn't really care, I don't come from NY, I just like good food. We got plain sliced french bread as an appetizer (was served with do it yourself balsamic vin and evoo). It seemed like kind of a cheap free appetizer, but whatever it goes with pizza, its Italian.We ordered Small white pizza with sausage and tomato (pretty damn good), inversion IPA ( which was bottled) and a house pinot grigio, which was ok.My hubby was blown away by the pizza, I thought it was good, but not the best i ever had. Between the two of us, we finished it off with no leftovers. I definitely want to go again and try a more plain pizza, like red pizza with pepperoni. If my decision is the same after that, I will not return as this place is, in my opinion, too pricey for just two people to eat at.
5	Thin sliced new York style pizza! Was arguably the best pizza I ever had! Will have to go back again to confirm. All the topping were fresh! Atmosphere in restaurant was great! Service was great.highly recommended
5	Delicious, best pizza in Vegas with a friendly atmosphere:)
4	I personally like this location over the other ones in town. It has a really nice outdoor seating area and a cute water fountain right in view. The atmosphere is calm and quite, no one is overly loud or obnoxious either. But if you can always sit inside too if the weather is unbearable. There's a bar area for watching the game (and my boyfriend was glued to it, as always)I've been here twice so far, and each time the service was great! They were attentive and watching to make sure our drinks were filled and to give my boyfriend and I updates on our foods. The second I came here the pizza I ordered took a little longer than my boyfriend's. They brought his out and mine took another 5-10 minutes longer. Normally I would've have been kinda peeved, but our server came by and apologized and even offered to reheat my boyfriend's pizza because he waited for mine to come! That's what I call quality service!The pizza has super thin crust and I was skeptical at first but it really complimented the pizza. I got a personal pizza with sun dried tomatoes and roasted red bell peppers. I love that they use fresh mozzarella cheese! I love it when service is great and knows how to "entertain" so to speak. He was likeable and funny and needless to say he got a nice tip from us.This place is worth a shot if you like pizza that doesn't come in a box.
4	This place has some great Pizzas, lots of pizza toppings to choose from, with some great crusts!The waitstaff (and management) were both friendly and helpful, since it was our first time.  They were pretty funny too.I would recommend this pizzeria to anyone looking for a solid pie in Vegas.Only reason it gets 4, and not 5, is that it is QUITE expensive, even for pizza.  75$ after tip, for 2 people.  Still, great food though, so reason not to go again!Get a cannoli after you're done!    ;d
3	Very good za.  I love the pesto pizza but you can't go wrong with any of the pizzas here.
4	Good quality pizza and even better customer service.  Kyle waited on us and was one of the most attentive and pleasant waiters I have been helped by in a long time.  The prices are a bit high or I would have given 5 stars.
2	Okay. I'll start off with this. I have been going to the original Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge since it was Patsy's. Over 25 years. I absolutely was thrilled to see this place at Boca Park since my wife and I just moved from the Big Apple in July of 2011. This review is based on a visit in Sept of that year. The only thing this place had in common with the original Grimaldi's is the name. Sad. I don't remember much, but there was nothing special about it. I have I guess two categories for pizza. There's NY pizza and everything else. So I can eat a pizza and say this is one of the best I've had, or one of the best I've had outside of NY. My standard in pizza comes from places like Grimaldi's, Patsy's in Harlem, L&B Spumoni Gardens, DiFaras, etc... This place was nothing more than a chain pizzeria licensing the name. The pie was bland, toppings terrible, no taste really. I will never go back. The waiter was really nice though.
5	This place is amazing!  Service was outstanding!  This was by far the best thin crust pizza that I have ever eaten, and the cheesecake was to die for.
5	I love this place!  I usually keep it simple with a cheese and basil pizza.  The cheese is quality fresh mozzarella.  The sauce is light yet flavorful.  The dough is paper thin but has a nice texture and flavor due to the coal oven.  IMO, other toppings tend to overpower and take away from the pizza.  If you like New York pizza, this is the place to go.
1	It takes too long to get served. The order will be wrong. The place is dead. However, there is a ton staff cleaning tables that are already clean to get in your way when you make your way to the bathroom! So it can't be the economy.
5	Was in Vegas visiting and saw they have a few locations now so decided to take some family there to try the pizza. I have been to the Grimaldi's in Houston and it was the best pizza I have ever had. The pizza was the same here and did not disappoint. I would keep it basic.  Try and stick to two toppings per pizza.  The salads are good. We  ended up with a caprese and house salad. A plain cheese, a pepperoni and mushroom, and a meatball and ricotta pizza.  All were outstanding.
3	Some of the best pizza I've ever had, especially if you like thin crust. Three stars is simply for the price. This place is a budget breaker for sure. $25+ for a pizza... And that's just for pepperoni. They unfortunately charge more per topping. And they don't do by-the-slice, just FYI. I always make the joke that I can only go to this place when my parents are paying... Except its not really a joke. It's definitely worth breaking the budget every once in a while for this pizza.
3	Great salad, the pizza was just okay for me. The service was excellent though.
5	Great expeirience eating here for the first time!! Enjoyed a great Pie with a buddy of mine, who also agrees that this place is high quality Pizza!! Different and great tasting at the same time. I'll be going back here soon!
4	I came here for one of my birthday celebrations. If you sign up for their newsletter you get a free one topping pizza. Who can live with one topping? I can't so we added the jalapenos, and onions with the free sausage topping.The pizza was delicious! We also ordered the Caesar Salad which is really fresh.  I saw no limp Romaine lettuce leaves in there . They don't have garlic bread but you can order a side of bread if you want it with your salad. The bread comes out nice and warm! We ended our meal with some slices of cheesecake. The cheesecakes flavors change according to season. I chose one that had chocolate and caramel...can't go wrong with that!
4	My hubby and I love this place. We look forward to going. We have even taken the dog and sat outside on the patio. The Pizza has a thin crispy crust and the toppings are great. We love the Mediterranean salad and we add fresh mozzarella. It is a little pricey but it is well worth it. Hubby also loves that they have Peroni beer on tap. We have always got wonderful service.
2	We haven't been to Grimaldi's in quiet a while, but returned to cash in on my free one topping birthday pizza.  I have to say I don't know what happened since our last visit months ago when we loved going to Grimaldi's.   Our previous experience was that the service was excellent and so was the food.  Things are definitely not the same.  We walked in and sat down at an empty bar.  The bartender was standing right in front of us wiping glasses.  She didn't greet us or look up.  When she did great us it was hardly a warm welcome.  The hostesses also seemed disorganized and confused.  When we arrived at our table our server was welcoming but also disorganized and confused.  Finally, the food was not as I remembered.  Let's say it was a disappointing experience.
2	I personally don't get the hype associated with this place. It's not as good as everyone makes it. I have tried to like this place, as I've visited three times hoping to join the others, but every time they have failed to impress. I love a good sauce, and this sauce is bland, no real flavor. I love pizza, especially wood fired, but Grimaldis is truly nothing but a trendy over hyped pizza joint.
4	In the shadow of Boca Park, I enjoyed the Grimaldi's personal pizza as much as I enjoyed eating it in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge (not the one in front of New York-New York). Grimaldi's is not brick oven pizza. It is COAL BRICK OVEN PIZZA that is DELICIOUS.    This Grimaldi's looks similar to the majority of their restaurants that I have had the pleasure to dine in. Before we walked in the door, the hostess welcomed us. She seated us in the middle. To the back was the open kitchen where they made the coal brick oven pizza. To the right was a hall with the restrooms.  To the left was a bar. Throughout the restaurant were pictures of New York. Above was soft lighting which made for a relaxing supper.  I ordered a personal pizza ($9). When you dine with other people, the personal pizza is the way to go. It is thin crusted with a portion that will fill you up, and your company will not be thinking badly of you for taking one slice too many. If I had been more hungry I would of paid more for a mushroom topping. The bottomless cola had zero flatness issues. The dinner was supposed to come with house bread. They forgot about it, which is not the end of the world.  With Grimaldi's major growth, it is easy to return to a Grimaldi's. To me this is a good thing.
4	This was my first time to Grimaldi's and I didn't realize it was a chain. I think this was the only one around, but I guess they are all over?! Anyways, I came here with a friend for lunch. She ordered us a pizza with sweet red peppers, onions and sausage. It was pretty good and fresh. I'm a sucker for fresh pizza. The service was awesome. It was on the more expensive side in my opinion, but hey, I'm a broke grad student, cut me some slack.
1	I don't get it. I suppose people that live in wealthy neighborhoods will buy, eat and RAVE about anything that is in their "side of town". Lets get real. The pizza here was not only not good, but it was an expensive not good!The crust. Supposedly made with water from NY....Ok... ??? It was charred and burnt. So who cares?Sauce? I'm not sure if there was any on there but if there was, it had No flavor at all. Cheese? What was there was cooked to complete dry papery bubbles. All I can tell you is that it was white.The pepperoni? Thick and Dime sized??? That is NOT Italian! One basil leaf dried out to a crisp in the middle of the pizza... Why? I could throw a Pillsbury biscuit topped with ketchup and Kraft cheese in a fire pit and have it taste better than this stuff! Oh... and this restaurant doesn't serve ranch dressing. Wow.People, this is just another chain restaurant with a gimmick. Get over being suckered. Go get a real pizza, have you been to Montesanos?... Or Villa on Sahara and Valley View? How bout Metro?...The noise level and the super bright lighting alone should be all the deterrent you need to turn heel and scram from this place. Not to mention the parking! OMG!!!
3	I really, really want to like Grimaldi's more than I do right now but I can't. The pizza is good. Not the best you've had but it's certainly many levels above others. For the price I was expecting more.
4	We were back a couple of weeks ago, and I don't know if they were better or my mood was better, but we really enjoyed our lunch.  The caesar salad was fantastic and so was the pizza.  Service was spot on, too.  Very enjoyable...
5	Hands down my favorite pizza, EVER. It's amazing and completely perfect. Me and my boyfriend alone can kill a whole pie, easily. I have eaten at the Grimaldi's in Brooklyn New York and that was amazing as well, and there is no noticeable difference between that location and ours! Anyone giving this place negative reviews on the food knows nothing about real pizza... or should get their head examined ;-)It is a little pricey I admit, and the toppings really rack up the bill if you add a lot on. But its so good it really is worth every penny. If you want to be cheap and save some money, you will probably find yourself eating that garbage Pizza hut or dominoes serves. Grimaldi's is the real deal.P.S. No time to dine in? Call ahead and pick up.
4	I finally got a chance to try the coveted Grimaldi's pizza  (on my birthday, of all days) for lunch. It's conveniently located near my favorite coffee shop so why not I said?The first thing you'll notice is how neat it looks inside. Wine bottle chandeliers, and various accouterments adorning the walls. They have a rather odd business model. The base pizza includes dough and sauce. Yes that's right...cheese is a topping. Rather silly way to justify charging more money to your customers. I would have preferred to pay the same amount with the cheese built into the base price of the pizza-- at least I wouldn't have felt my intelligence was being insulted. Although I suppose it's possible that there might be some lactose intolerant customers who take advantage of this opportunity not to have cheese on their pizza...Anyway you'll also find that the price starts to rack up rather quickly as you begin adding toppings to your creation, which you'll simply have to do at a place like this. We chose mushrooms, meatballs, and pepperoni. The quality of the ingredients is apparent. The meatballs were juicy and flavorful and definitely not frozen crap that came out of a factory. The tomatoes of the sauce are allegedly organic and I did find the sauce to be full flavored. The mushrooms are also a tasty, chewy delight. The cheese takes some getting used to. Ricotta as a pizza cheese is definitely an unusual choice but I did enjoy the meal over all. The lack of grease is a plus. I also really liked the way you can watch them put it all together. The pepperoni had a kick to it and seemed to be something you might find at a nice Italian deli rather than a Pizza hut.The originality of this place, combined with the quality of ingredients, will certainly merit a return from me, but it falls short of a five star experience.
1	10 minutes wait for me for having to stand up and go to get myself a beer at the bar?...short staffed on 02/17/13 around 5-6pm.  manager completely involved in expediting.....nobody came for 10 minutes to say  hi, to offer water, to bring some bread....no acknledgement whatsoever....after 5 more minutes I decided to leave the place with my wife and the two kids......had to go to the bartender (who was also attending tables?!!!!!!!!) and ask for a refund....when asked if I wanted to leave my number/email......are you kidding?....ever ever again.....and guess what....with 80 employees at the Palazzo where we order weekly for 80 employees......you will never see my business again....next time....next to the sign at the entrance...where you signal that you use "everify";...meaning....you don't hire illegal inmigrants.....put a sign that reads...."you will be e-ignored" if attempting to order a pizza.....you know when I noticed the whole thing was going bad....when the table next to us....was half through with the salad...when the server brought the first beer.  good luck with your business endeavors!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 24/100One thing to love about Grimaldi's Pizzeria is their birthday special - a free large pizza with one free topping,After hiking up at Red Rock last Sunday, a group of us came here famished and ready to indulge! First thing that caught my eyes were the wine bottle chandeliers, propped without their base, cap traded in for a light-bulb. They absolutely complimented the 'old town' feel of the restaurant. We went on to order a large caesar's salad (dressing on the side), and a pizza (that came with mozarella), basil and italian sausage. Crust was thin and crispy and meat was juicy. Salad wasn't out of this world, but scrumptious nonetheless (especially after our hike!) What sparkled things (and eventually raised the rating to a 4 from what I believe should've been a 3.5) was the limited $5 Thin Mint Cookie Cheesecake made with girl scout cookies! Oh boy were they fine! Four of us shared it if I'm not mistaken, that cake slice was gone in less than minutes!If you're up for a free pizza too, ask for an application card, fill it out and wait for their email offer a week before your birthday!
2	Seated at table right away, but after 13-15 mins had to get up, walk across to the bar and ask a server to wait on us. They hadn't even acknowledged we were there yet... no "we'll be right with you", no "can I get you a drink while you look at the menu", nothing... felt like we weren't even there!!  And only about 1/3rd of the tables were full. Ordered a small simple 2 ingredient pizza which tasted pretty good, but had to wait 45 mins for it to come. Keep in mind that these brick oven pizzas, with the extreme heat and as thin as they are, cook in about 6-7 mins.  No complaints about the quality of the food, but the unexplained wait for no reason and worst service in yrs means I can only give 2 stars for this particular location.
4	I have been eyeing Grimaldi's for a while. Feeling like pizza I was glad that Grimaldi's came to mind. Parking was bit of a chore but it usually is in this parking lot. The wait for our table was a short 5 minutes. The dining area inside is smaller then I expected so I can't even imagine trying to come here on a Friday or Saturday night and not experience a long wait. We started off with a small "Antipasto". It was $9. I really liked the fresh mozzarella and the whole thing in general. It can easily be shared between 2 people. For pizza we decided to go custom. It had ricotta, mozzarella cheese, sausage and meatballs. They only have thin pizza here since it is NY style. The crust was thin but crisp and held the toppings well. I did enjoy the meatball and sausage but I'm not much of a meat eater so, I did end up picking a lot of the toppings off (people in my party wanted the meat and I wanted cheese ahhhh compromise) and next time I would probably go for a personal pizza with just the cheeses. The pizza is cooked using a coal brick oven. Our total was $37 for the antipasto, pizza and 3 sodas. I didn't think that was bad at all! They have a dining area outside. They offer a banquet room and catering.
4	We had one white pizza and one red.  First off, the crust was great!  Crispy, flavorful as it should be.  The red sauce was good and we had extra sauce on ours along with 3 or 4 other toppings.  The white pizza was very flavorful even though it was just cheese.  The pizza is a little pricey (large red pizza with 5 toppings was almost $30) but we would still go back.
4	Love this pizza. Defenitely one of my favorite pizza restaurants. Service is most always very very good. They do get busy on a friday or saturday night but usually dies down around 830-9pm. The ceaser salad is done in a fresh made ceaser dressing the house salad is very good along with the caprese salad or antipasto. We normally get sausage or ham. Im not from new york or chicago who claim they have the best pizza but compared to amore of chicago and the newyork pizzas they have around here grimaldis is far better. I believe they have new york roots either way great pizza spot good for family and friends. Desert is very sweet and normally just stay away from it.
5	This is the best pizza in the Valley - and that is coming from someone from Chicago, who usually prefers that city's pies over all others. They keep the menu simple, with pizza and salad. And that is all you need. The salads are spot-on and the pizza is magisterial. The service can be hit or miss, and there is nothing special about the decor, but the pizza alone is enough for the five-star rating. As an added bonus, they have a solid wine list that is very reasonable! (The Coppola Rosso is one of the best wine deals in any restaurant.)
4	Been here multiple times and have never had a bad experience.  The pizza, while a bit pricey, never dissapoints. The salads are very tasty too.
5	Grimaldi's is GREAT pizza! This is by far my favorite pizza hands down!! I love to fold it in half and go for it! However my family does prefer thin crust pizza. If you are a Chicago style pizza lover, this may not be the pizza for you. We always get our pizza with pepperoni, garlic and onions and then ask for it  well done. We usually order one to eat there and one to take home, because it's just as good, if not better leftover the next day! The outside patio seating is great for the kids and so is the pizza dough that they bring out for them to play with. We have done many family birthdays here with quite a few people, and every time, even though they don't always have a lot of floor space for all of the people that we bring in, they are always accommodating. (The Eastern and Serene location has a separate room for larger parties, which is easier. ) Despite another review below,  your pizza does include cheese in the base price. They only charge for cheese if you are ordering extra cheese. Also, ricotta cheese is not the standard cheese that your pizza comes with, that is an extra topping that you can order. They use fresh mozzarella on their pizzas. So I think it's kind of funny that this reviewer felt their intelligence was being insulted about having to pay for cheese, when in fact they had it all wrong to begin with!
4	So cute here!! The ambiance is quite romantic here and I love that they know what they do best and stick with it. There is a healthy wine list to choose from - love the decor and the outdoor seating. The pizza is delightful! I've never before seen my husband eat arugula - but they put it on a white pizza with prosciutto and he was all about it!We'll definitely be back :)
5	This place deserves all the stars.  If you want to come here on a Friday for dinner, come early, parking lot gets full.  I have been to other Grimaldi's, but this place is just where I feel comfortable.  As for the pizza, it is the best compared to the rest in the city.  White pizza with garlic with artichokes.  Anchovies goes great on the regular pizza.
5	This pizza is fine.Sometimes, you just don't want to make pizza at home, or do delivery.  You just want to sit in a real, honest to goodness pizza joint that's not accompanied by an animatronic mouse singing outdated Barbra Streisand tunes from the 1980's.But in seriousness, the pizzas are excellent, with a full range of toppings and sides, and it's easy to get enough for two people.  The service during my visit was excellent.  The server was very conscientious, making sure that my beer was poured properly without a foamy head.  It was just little touches that made the dining experience pleasurable. Pricing was decent.  You pay for each topping separately, so a more ambitious pizza would become more costly.  But three toppings was a sweet spot.  Service was very fast for a weekend lunch, but nothing felt or tasted rushed.I liked this place a lot in Dallas, so I am happy to see one here in town.  It's good pizza.  Very good pizza, and you get what you pay for.I will definitely be coming back here for further 'za creations.
5	Wow, that New York-style thin crust! It is the most crispy thin crust I have ever had... and I've had my fair share of pizzas. The toppings are fresh and plenty, especially the jalapenos that we had in our calzone. They were sweet and spicy! Definitely going to eat at Grimaldi's again, but probably will go to their location on the Las Vegas Strip in the Palazzo.
4	Tuesday is the day to go for great pizza and half price wine. My friend and I sat at the bar and were informed that "tonight is wine night" The bartender suggested we try a bottle we might not try otherwise because of the higher price.We agreed and took her suggestion and ordered the "Trouble Maker". She also suggested a sausage and fresh roasted red pepper pizza to compliment the wine. She was right! It was a great combination. Our pizza was delicious, crisp and flavorful service was great, the bartenders are very friendly and kept my friend and I laughing  through out the night.We will be returning soon.
4	I finally tried Grimaldi's Pizzeria and I am so glad that I did!  I have been hearing about this place for ages and have been wanting to try it for just as long.  And it was so yummy!We popped in for lunch and were seated right away.  Our server came by and gave us the scoop on the different types of pizza and the ordering process.  We decided on what we wanted, which was our go to of pepperoni and mushrooms on the regular pizza.  We then sat and waited for our pizza to come out while smelling all of the pizzas around us.  We were salivating like rabid dogs just from the wonderful aromas drifting this way and that!  Nothing really smells better than fresh baked pizza in my book! Yummmm.So when our beautiful pepperoni and mushroom pizza arrived, we attacked the pie like no one's business.  The first bite I took resulting in me seeing fireworks going off.  I totally had a party in my mouth.  All I can say about the flavor is AMAZING!  I was in love from the first bite.  By the time I had finished my lovely first slice, my hubby was on his 3rd piece.  I don't think he was taking time between bites to breathe or even chew.  He was in pizza ecstasy!We are now Grimaldi's lovers!  It has been added to our list of regular pieces to visit.  They have an email club and if you plan on going, I would sign up for it.  They send decent coupons pretty regularly and even a free pizza for your birthday!  I had actually signed up for the email club before we went.  I love a good coupon! If you haven't checked this place out, I highly recommend it.  I think you will be please!
5	Pizza is phenomenal, I don't understand why so many 4 star reviews.  HEY people, this is good as it gets with pizza!Simple menu, good food, great service and draft beer.  Located in a great place, what else do you need? Garlic Bread would be nice... but eh? whatever....
1	I heard this pizzeria was #2 in the country. I'll say this:I would be disappointed if I had paid $5 for this 'pizza'. Horrible. Horrible. Very little cheese, little toppings..... JUST NOT GOOD AT ALL.I am a fan of thin, crispy pizza (Villa, La Familia, etc), but this was not good, and I have no doubt I will ever go back.
4	The cheese calzone with marinara sauce was very cheesy and good.  We also got a white pizza with mushroom and sausage on it, and the pizza was a big hit. We ordered our food to go and enjoyed it in our hotel room. We waited in the bar area for about 25-30 minutes while our order was made.  The bartender was consistently checking in on us even though we only ordered one beer while waiting.Nice little place in the mall to eat with the family.
5	This is our favorite pizza spot. The salads are large enough to share, the pizza crust is thin crust and perfect to be able to enjoy the rest of the pizza no matter what toppings you decide on.  We don't particularly enjoy getting so full on pizza dough itself when it's so thick!  We usually get the pepperoni and italian sausage with half ricotta (Love the taste and texture here) and fresh basil after it comes out of the oven.  For 2 of us, a small is actually perfect size because there is room for dessert.  Haven't tried all of them, but the desserts we have had were also yummy.  Our regular go to place for pizza.  Wish they had a location near Aliante! We've done takeout, but best if you can eat it right when it comes out of the oven fresh. The staff is constantly re-filling our drinks and courteous.
2	I love grimaldis. I really do. I frequent the eastern and rainbow locations at least every other week. Casey the bartender 5 stars. I got tired of hearing the largergirl complain about her schedule for the first 15 minutes of my visit and another waitress running behind the bar to text. Again, I love grimaldis but this place is weird.
5	As good as it gets for sure, what can I say about this place besides that it is my favorite pizza of all time hands down (: If you have never had it, try it! You won't be disappointed
3	The marinara was good. The prices were bad and not a fan of piecing a pizza together from the crust on up. Need more pizza options. Rather eat CPK! It's cheaper and they have variety. Good staff though.
5	Great pizza and the meditteranean salad was delicious.. Love the create your own style menu. The staff is great and atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable..
4	They never disappoint when it comes to pizza. I can usually say the same about the salad although this time it was sub par. But since usually the salad is as good as the pizza I will give it another shot next time I go.
3	Get the pesto drizzled on your pizza. Yummmm!
1	Had to leave Grimaldi's because they had "to change their coals" & could only offer salads & appetizers. The wait for pizza would have been over an hour... Oh well -- sorry Grimaldi's you lost customers today & next time I won't think of you because if I'm hungry for pizza, you're ovens might not be working because you're "changing your coals".  This is a pizza place, right?
4	I've never had bad service here and I've been here at least a dozen times. The staff has always made us feel comfortable, welcome and they are very attentive. The pizza is excellent . . . some of my favorite pizza EVER. The pesto pizza is a personal favorite and the cannolis are to die for when it comes time for desert. The reasons why I didn't give Grimaldi's 5 stars? They don't offer delivery, they charge you for a brand new soft drink/lemonade with every "refill" (BEWARE) and all of the toppings are a la cart, so "building" your ultimate pizza can easily double the base price, particularly when the topping costs are the same for every pizza size and also the same price even if you only want a topping on half the pizza.
4	It was a while since I went to Grimaldi's Pizzeria so forgive me if this review is a bit late.  The O.G. Grimaldi's Pizzeria is located in NYC, and is legendary in those parts as being one of the best places to get a slice.  In fact, the one time I was in NYC and had plans to eat there, the line was out the door.  Needless to say we missed the boat on that one.  But luckily, even though it's not location #1 there's a Grimaldi's here in good old Las Vegas.  NY pizza?  Made in coal burning brick oven?  There's nothing like it.  Definitely a step above your chains like the Hut, Dom's, or Papa's.No offense against Chicago, but I love a slice of NY pie.  No deep dish here at Grimaldi's, just yummy thin crust!  Crisp, a nice burnt edge, clean and tasty.  I could eat an entire pie by myself if given the opportunity.Grimaldi's has a great menu, somewhat typical of what you would find in a pizza joint.  But simplified.  No chicken fingers or intricate pasta dishes here.  Just pizza, calzones, and salads on the main menu.  And I like it!  Simple is good, as long as you do it right.The wifey and I shared a date night out and had a great meal.  We started with the Grimaldi's House salad - romaine lettuce, red onion, cherry tomatoes, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, green olives, and mixed with the house vinaigrette.  Good starter - fresh, light, and flavorful with a good kick from the vinaigrette.  For our pizza, we went for a large Grimaldi's seasonal special - The Buffalo Chicken.  It was a pie topped with grilled chicken breast, Buffalo sauce, mozzarella cheese, and bleu chesse crumbles.  Cooked till the crust and top was a golden bubby brown this pizza was pretty scrumptious.  Cheesy and melty, with a spicy punch, and a healthy crunch.  Not bad for a non-traditional pizza.  Next time though I think I might stick with something more Italian, maybe a straight up cheese, or a Margheria with cheese, fresh tomato, and basil.  Pizzas range from $12 - $16 for an entire pie, with toppings coming in at an additional cost each.  Specialty pies will cost in the $20 - $22 range since they come with a range of toppings included.  Calzones come in around the $10 - $18 range depending on what size you get.  Salads are a good deal coming in small or large sizes at prices from $9 - $11.  You can get away with a decent meal for around $40 after tax and tip.  OK for a date night.Grimaldi's even does pizzas to go, and they come in a fancy box!  So in case you don't want to stay, feel free to call in an order, pick up, and go.  Pizza Pizza!  Wait...wrong chain.
3	Located at the west side of the Boca Shopping center. My server, Keith says this restaurant is affiliated with the original Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge. Italian Sausage and Mushroom pizzaSetting is warm and inviting.Warning, the small pizza is a generous size (for an individual serving)
4	I love the Boca Park location.  We always get a great server who's friendly and attentive: we don't sit with dirty plates in front of us or empty drinks, etc. I love the food.  The pepperoni pizza is my favorite, and the white pizza with garlic is good too. When I'm craving a tasty salad, this is one of the first places I think of.  My favorite is the Mediterranean with extra feta. Their cheesecake is also suuuuuuuper good.  They have seasonal flavors and plain and it's so delicious.  This location is right next door to a Cheesecake Factory and I'd pick Grimaldi's first any day. It's made on site and it's never frozen.  Prices are really reasonable for the quality of service and food that you're getting. I've always had a good experience with Grimaldi's, whether I've dined in or called in an order and picked it up.
2	I was not impressed by the pizza by any means. The red sauce had no flavor and there was very little seasoning on the pizza with the regular red sauce. The garlic sauce, on the other hand, was really delicious and I regret not getting it.
5	My favorite pizza in Vegas, if not, the whole entire world. I know that's a dangerous statement to make for a chain restaurant, but I don't care! My order is typically a large white pizza with garlic (already comes with pizza), pepperoni, mushrooms and sausage. Then we get oregano, garlic powder, and Parmesan cheese on the side... and then a side of Caesar salad dressing - great for crust dipping, but I end up throwing some on my pizza as well. I'll go back and forth between the Caprese and the Caesar salad, but I think the Caprese has really good mozzarella and the tomatoes they use are really hearty. I started to get embarrassed here when the hostess kept on remembering us and always said "welcome back", but it's really more of a nod to their great customer service here. As of late, we've just been heading straight to the bar to be served by Erin, who is one of the friendliest and thoughtful servers/bartenders you can ask for. She even remembers our order now too, right down to the drinks, but always checks with us first just in case we want to spice things up. Reliable and delicious pizza definitely keep me coming back and hasn't left me disappointed, so I'm really afraid to venture off to the other Grimaldi's locations. We always end up bringing 4-6 slices home with us, but they are great for leftovers the next day. To reheat, we put the pizza on a non-stick pan over medium heat, cover with foil, heat for a couple of minutes or until cheese is soft, and then we once again have hot and crispy pizza ready to go. There's a special going on right now, buy a $50 gift card, get $10 gift card for yourself, buy $100, get $20. Of course, I opted for the $100 and bought it basically for myself. I just went hear a few days ago and already can't wait to go back :D
5	Mama mia... I like pizza, I eat a lot of it. Am I the only one? Didn't think so. Stopped by this Grimaldi's right around lunch time after my friends and I had tuckered ourselves out shopping for Christmas goodies around Boca Park. We were very hungry with visions of pizzas dancing in our heads as wen entered the rustic-looking establishment. It is not huge, nor is it small. The wooden tables and wooden decor all around make a nice, cozy feeling. I caught a glimpse of the lighting above, which are wine bottle hung from the ceiling - loved it!As for the menu, it's straight up simple here so don't come looking for anything other than pizza, salad, or a calzone. There were no appetizers on the menu, to which I was slightly disappointed. This may be different at dinner, but I can't be sure.Everything here is pretty much build your own pizza, which I think is pretty cool. We started with the white garlic pizza (large), added grilled chicken, fresh Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, and for a nice spicy kick - jalapenos. Often times I think fresh tomatoes on pizzas make them soggy and gross, but luckily this one did not.The pizza came out relatively fast; it is a nice, crispy, thin pizza, with a bubbly, brown, crunchy crust. I am not a pizza-connoisseur so I am not sure what "style" this may be, but I enjoyed it. I think we got just the right amount of toppings, anymore and the poor pizza would not have withheld them.My suggestions: come if you want PIZZA, straight up, nothing else. Build your own and experiment with toppings. BUT - do not go crazy, I'd say, 3 *maybe* 4 toppings at the most and make sure you're putting stuff on there that makes sense.Overall I was pleased, between the three of us we got an amazing pizza, plenty of toppings, and splitting the bill we each owed UNDER $10. Yes. That's a damn good deal. Of course, remember, there were three of us splitting a large, so prices may vary! I will definitely come back here to try some more styles and toppings.
5	This was my first time going to a Grimaldi's, and it was a great experience. The food was good, the drinks were good, and the service was great. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but for the price it was a great deal. I got a pizza with pepperoni and meatball which is not something that's easy to find. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Ken our server was great.
4	This is really one of the best pizza chains in town! Their menu is pretty small and simple, but the few things they make are awesome!!! Their portions are pretty big, my bf and I usually share a small salad and a personal size pizza and it's more than enough! Their crust is soo good, they wood fire it and it's truly just perfect! Oh I forgot, the best part is their large selection of international beers!
5	I finally decided to visit Grimaldi's this month, based on all the great reviews. Pizza was cooked perfectly!!! The crust was thin and crispy, like a cracker (my favorite). Service was great as well. Great place to hang out with your friends or for a night out with your family.
3	Service was GREAT....place was really cute, didn't feel like we were in a mall at all. Pizza was just "OK".. it looked better than it tasted. It was a bit salty, crust was crisp...but the underside was soggy :(. You pay for toppings and ours had hardly any.. I was really hoping for a better pie :( I guess I would try it again, but that might not be for awhile.
5	This is seriously the best pizza I've ever had and I've tried a lot of pizza! I love that they have so much variety and the pizzas are a great size. The Caesar salad is really good too.  The romaine is fresh and it doesn't get soggy like some. Every time I've gone in we've been seated within 5 minutes and we've always received great service. Only downside is the parking lot is always packed and you have to drive around for awhile to get a spot.
4	These pizzas are similar to those we got in Italy.  Thin, crisp crust, not soggy from too many wet or greasy ingredients.  Order them with just a couple of ingredients, like mushrooms and cheese, with a glass of wine, and pretend you are in Rome or Sorrento.  That is how pizza should be.  Had to make my own at home on the grill until I found Grimaldis.  Lot of work saved.
3	Took a while to find this place (I was looking on Google Maps), but we were glad when we finally did. It's conveniently placed right next to the pop-up runway in the middle of the mall, so you get a free fashion show with your meal (nice perk!).The waitress was kind and brought out our drinks quickly. We ordered a small pizza and waited a long time for it. The waitress came out to let us know it was made incorrectly and that she would bring us bread while we are waiting for it to be remade. We never got the bread...but eventually got the pizza.The pizza itself was solid. The small is perfect for 2 people to share without having leftovers. Crust was crisp with a bit of a char, and the toppings were very flavorful. I agree that it doesn't have the elaborate pizzas as CPK, but the crust is much better than CPK and they stick to the classics here. We paid about $30 for a small pizza with 3 toppings and 2 beers. Not bad at all.
4	Natalie us a great server. Food great and dessert trio is shareable. Love the energy here Sign up for the club cause they send u a free coupon for a pizza on your bday.
5	The food here is always amazing.  Some of the best pizza in town.  I love the flavor and texture that their coal brick oven brings.  Salads are fresh and well presented and the portions are more than generous.  What really made my visit and experience stand out was the bartender who helped me.  Natalie was amazing.  I haven't worked in a restaurant in over a decade but I still have an eye for talent.  Beautiful, efficient, knowledgeable and a sparkling personality she made my dining experience memorable.  She was swamped the entire time I was there yet everyone's drink stayed filled the waiters never had to wait and her smile and personality never missed a beat.  This ability to do her role and still give a wonderful, personal experience to everyone present is rare and under appreciated.  I'll be back without a doubt but I may have to steal this talented lady away from Grimaldi's!
3	Food was great.  Service was extremely slow for us last Tuesday.  They may have been short-staffed as our waitress was also the bartender.  The folks who came after us almost left after they were seated for the same reason.
3	I really,liked grimadlis! I actually heard about this from zach on ghost adventure. The pizza is thin crust new york style. The pizza is awesome, and the service is great!
5	Great Pizza!  One of my favorite.  If you make it to NY then go to the original spot.  Pizza pie that is moist but with a medium crust cooked perfectly.  You can make your own combination style. Please do the fresh garlic with meatballs and pepperoni.  White garlic pizza iS what it's all about. It's freakin good stuff.  Of course pairing it with a nice red vino and your set.  Couldn't ask for more.
4	There isn't much to be said about this particular location except that I really liked it. I stopped by here at around 5 pm on a Sunday and ordered a cheese pizza with mushrooms, basil and anchovies (not my ideal toppings but I went along with it). The pizza turned out to be delicious; the ambience was great and it wasn't too noisy. I don't care what anyone says, Grimaldi pizza is great!
3	Grimaldi's is located in Boca Park near the Cheese Cake Factory. Parking is awful there when they are busy, but they do offer valet parking if you would rather not walk a half mile or drive around looking for a spot all day.They have outside seating as well as seating inside. There is also a bar inside the restaurant. The staff is very friendly and we did not have to wait too long for our food.As far as the pizza goes, it's not bad. It is definitely over priced. It is good thin crust pizza. I can't tell the difference between coal oven pizza and wood fire pizza, but they use a coal oven. It is definitely not NY pizza. I would compare it to pizza like you would get at Sammy's.The salads were were plain and bland, just like most pizza places serve their salads.Again. It is expensive for a pizza in this place. Each item is $2 or $3 extra, depending on the item. One pizza with a few items really adds up.I would recommend trying it though if you have never been there. It was pretty good.
4	Great patio with fountain view! And it changes colors (the fountain)!!!!!Nice decor with an authentic pizzeria vibe. My pepperoni pizza was pretty awesome, and they do not skimp on toppings! The crust was a little black, and I know they are wood fired, but it didn't taste burnt. Love the cheese too. Disclosure- my pizza was free, as it was a birthday large pizza through the e-mail club! Thank you Grimaldi's for this great deal. One issue though- they sent an e-mail advertising wine specials for February, and the bartender told me they sold out already on Feb. 17!I had the house red for $4, which is a good price, and an OK wine.
5	just. delicious. go. here.
3	Very good pizza. Crisp crust. Very light sauce and cheese. Homemade mozarella that they slice into thin rounds on pizza. If you want a cheese, saucy pizza they don't have it here. A bit pricey. The pepperoni is nice and thick. The meatballs are a little tasteless. Get fresh basil on your pizza-- so good. The restaurant itself is in a great location.
5	We absolutely love this pizza place. My wife hasn't stopped talking about it since we tried it. It's a little expensive for pizza, but well worth the price. I'm not exactly sure how we got a $50 tab for 2 pizzas and drinks, but we did. I think we had an appetizer as well.So far this Grimaldi's has had the best pizza that I've tried here in Vegas.
5	Very good variety of beers, pizza or calzone are all fantastic. Not just the taste but the quality of ingredients. Service is good and might be a little slow as each order is made to your selection. There is no set menu, choose your size them select toppings, usually 3 will be plenty. Smallest size is personal ones and will not be surprised if you leave some behind or box it at the end. One of my favorite places in Vegas.
4	Came here for a quick bite to eat the other day. Restaurant is set in Boca Park of Summerlin. When I walked in, I immediately noticed the place was packed and buzzing with energy. Our hostess was friendly, and walked me over to my group that was already seated. We ordered a small pizza, and it was PLENTY for three people. The pizza was fantastic! Although the price was a little high for my wallet, I would definitely return to try more off the menu.
4	A really nice place to go to for a "different" pizza experience. It has a nice ambience, friendly staff and relatively reasonable prices.
5	While visiting Vegas this week, we were desperate for a good wood-fired style pizza and yelp reviewers helped us out and came through with accurate descriptions and were right-on with quality.  Needless to say, coal-fired pizza is now our new favorite.Initially we drove from the strip out to S. Rampart to get away from the congestion.  To our dismay, they said they had to clean the ovens (before the dinner rush hour) and we walked out totally disappointed.  Not 30 seconds later, waiter Moe, comes running out and says they can hold off with cleaning after our pizza.  Nowhere else would I have ever experienced someone who really understood and cared enough to do that.  Anyone else would have shrugged their shoulders and said "oh well". We ordered the roma tomato, fresh mozarella, and basil pizza.  Any other Margherita type pizzas are scarce with all their ingredients, but not this one.  I couldn't believe how it was made with the eater in mind.  A bite of everything in every bite.  No skimping on their end.  We also ordered the caprese salad for an appetizer and it was outstanding, in flavor, presentation and portion size.  The moz they import from NY is so fresh and tender.  We will definitely be back on our next visit to LV. Now we go back to VA where I have to drive 45 minutes for our second favorite pizza, wood-fired grilled. Thanks Grimaldi's on S Rampart and thanks Yelp reviewers of all the Grimaldi locations for leading us to a great find!NQ
5	Had another great pizza here tonight. Can't wait to you guys get to Chicago! Great service too, Mike at the bar was great.
3	There pizza here is awesome!  I find myself here for lunch once in a while with work friends.  About once every three months.  I would go more often, but the service... oh the service....The service during lunch, brings this place down from a 5 star pizza place to a 3 star place.Drink refills are always lacking, late and never there.  It almost seems like they're understaffed.  The pizza takes a looooong time to get out of the kitchen.  By then we're irritated and extremely hungry.  At that point, we just eat as quickly as possible and leave.   Your waitresses need to check in and give more refills.  The only time we see them is: 1 Taking our order, 2 checking in AFTER the pizza comes, and 3 to give us our check.
4	My husband and I are pizza lovers, and we have different pizza restaurants depending on the kind of pizza mood we are in. Seriously, we're into pizza. We go to Grimaldi's when we want a traditional pie. Every time we've come here, we've had a great meal. We usually get a salad, wine, and then split a large pizza. I am not ashamed to say that the two of us polish off the entire thing. The wine list isn't anything to write home about, but wine isn't the reason we come, anyway. We prefer to sit in one of the booths in the front of the restaurant, facing the bar, because it feels more intimate there than in the larger dining area, which is usually crowded. We've always had attentive and helpful servers, and we love the decor inside. It just feels like a neighborhood pizza joint.We usually come for lunch on the weekends, and we've never had to wait for a table--however, it gets super-crowded for dinner on Friday nights, so plan accordingly.
5	If there's one thing I'm picky about is my Pizza.I grew up in Italy spoiled with good pizza everywhere, so if you like deep dish, cheese crust or any other pizza gimmick stop reading right now!Grimaldi's has been my favorite pizza place in town for years, thin crust, high quality ingredients and most importantly of all, consistency.Every visit has been great and the food even better. Some may say it's pricey for pizza but you definitely get what you paid for.
4	We came in tonight to use a free birthday pizza coupon (which is an amazing deal- a large pizza for free?!). The weather was nice so we sat in a corner on the patio. The fountain right in front is great and kept my 3-year old interested while we waited. We got a half cheese, half pepperoni pizza. It really was quite delicious. I usually prefer thick crust (I'm a big fan of bread), but this thin crust was great and I would definitely come back for more. We also ordered the dessert trio with the cannoli, tiramisu and New York cheesecake. The cannoli was delicious. I've never had tiramisu before, so nothing to compare it to, but it was good. The cheesecake wasn't what I expected; it was a lot lighter and fluffier than what I've normally had. It also came with a raspberry sauce, I believe, which I didn't care for. But I didn't come here for the cheesecake. Overall, the experience was great, the pizza was delicious, and i would absolutely return.
3	This location was busy on our visit, and the pizza was five stars. The most attentive service was received from the older gentleman bartender. The overall customer service level is pretty low, from the hair twirling teens at the reception area, to the inattentiveness of the server. On top of this they serve the least popular brands of beer and soda (Miller and Pepsi).
4	The pizza as well as the service were very good. I ate their version of a white pizza (garlic and olive oil) and a traditional. They were both amazing. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is it's not as tasty as Santarpios  in Boston. That's my favorite pizza of all times. I compare everything to Santarpios.
3	I'm no pizza expert, but this place is a small slice of heaven!Never been much of a pizza bloke as I felt being full by of average crusts and semi cold delivered pizza from the big boys of Pizza, Pizza Hut etc wasn't really healthy or satisfying.Situated in Boca park next to Cheesecake Factory, Embers and Kona Grill. grimaldi's has a great layout with stool style seating, sit down dining area and a small patio area out the front to boot. The pizza is a Coal Brick oven style that unlike a lot of other places sets up for topping priority tasting dish.Having been here a few times I've always found the Antipasti a great starter with a nice serving of bread with olive oil and vinegar.Ordering a Sausage, Pepperoni, Ricotta cheese pizza, the medium size pizza was enough for 3 people easy. Presentation is always top notch and competes with most pizza joints locally.The service here is prompt but also it can be sometimes a little wait to get a table as it's always fairly busy most day/nights of the week. One of the only cons is even though they had high chairs for children, the menu didn't really have much flexibility for what the little ones can be served. I asked if they had a pasta dish that could be served in a smaller portion but the server pretty much nix anything that was asked..
2	There are two things one should not put up with. One of them is medicore, over priced Pizza.This is a great place for a 21 year old guy to to take his 19 year old date, who he's trying to impress, by ordeing wine with Pizza, and letting her sneak sips of it. Pizza is really hyped and not that good. Certainly, over priced. Long wait, and very arrogant staff. Went with my then, Hipster Son, and his girl friend. They were impressed, I was not.I ordered a Sausage Pizza, with double meat. Looks like they were running out of Sausage, and barely sprinkled the pizza. When I complained, the waiter just said,"That's how it is". I would have been better off ordering a Pizza to go from Costco. Never again!!
4	Grimaldi's is one of our favorite places for pizza.  Nice casual atmosphere with outdoor seating available.  Take-out is also available.  You basically choose as many fresh ingredients as you want for your pizza.  We usually opt for sausage, mushrooms and tomatoes....all on a thin crust.  Everything is tasty, the cheese is great, ingredients are fresh and the crust is thin and tasty.  Also been to the one in fashion show on the strip but the one in summerlin is much better in terms of vibe and quality of the pizza.
4	This is some really good pizza, I do believe the brick oven is the key to the flavor. We also love the antipasto salad, all in all it's a great value.
5	Me and my girlfriend are here at least once a week. Probably the best pizzeria you can go eat in NEVADA.  I love the atmosphere you could dine inside and outside patio. Located in a perfect spot in summerlin. IF There's a issue with your pizza they WILL remake it immediately. They Strive on providing best customer service. The waiters are awesome, pizza tastes good, it is pricey but. It's definitely worth it. Everyone must try Grimaldi's once-in-a-lifetime. The toppings actually tasted fresh & cooked to perfection.
2	Very excellent customer service from ANA staff are very friendly and polite . Pizza was good but the next day had an upset stomach.
5	First time here, we ordered ceasar salad and pizza w/garlic, olives & mushroom.  My husband likes food with strong flavors and I'm the opposite... So for both of us to like the ceasar salad means it was just right.  I liked the croutons on the salad, it was crunchy with some seasonings but not too hard.  Pizza was good, simple fresh ingredients and the crust was cooked just right.  Mike our server was very attentive to our needs.  We will visit here again.
5	Our pizza was almost as good as in NYC. The staff was friendly and Becca was the sweetest, friendliest and most helpful server.The atmosphere was inviting and we noticed kids playing with PIZZA DOUGH, great idea to keep them busy.We are already planning our next lunch outing in the neighborhood  at Grimaldi's tomorrow.Thank you!
5	Okay, honestly my mouth is watering just writing this review. By far, the best pizza place in town (and it doesn't make me feel guilty, since it's all super thin crust!)  All of their toppings are great, not to mention the sauce! For a lighter day, their salads are also very , very good! They're staff is also always very nice.
5	As usual, the best pizza in town. 3 of us swallowed up 2 18inch pizzas , and a salad. Nadia, our waitress was excellent and smokin'. 50 bucks, no big deal.
4	For those who have spent time in CA like me their thin crust NY is very similar to Amicis, and that's a good thing.  It has that style and that level of quality, at a reduced price.  The personal is $9 plus toppings which is a deal in comparison.  Service was some of the best I've encountered, even in cities where service is king like Vegas and Orlando. Its not truly a unique NY pizza joint but I can see that conisistency and quality will keep me coming back.
5	Nom nom nom. In short. Ok so let's expand on this, anyone who knows grimaldis knows that it is yummy however if you love food then you understand that eating out is more than just food. The ambiance, drinks and location also add to the delicious experience. We sat at the bar and absolutely loved the bartender. Sadly a couple of days later his name slips my mind but he was the greatest. We were there on a Tuesday night for the Thew Tasting half off wines. Absolutely a great night to go. Enjoy the food, half off wine and great bartender.
5	Love eating pizza here... Always get the large pizza with meatball in mushrooms! Like to not overload the topping cause it makes the thin crust too soggy! Today went with a half veggie and half loaded with meat and roasted sweet peppers!! Yummy!!
5	Went here for lunch with the wife. The pizza here was very good. This is NY thin crust style so be aware and is brick oven cooked. We also had a small cesars salad which we shared as well ....very tasty. We indulged in the daily made cheese cake which is to die for!! The best cheese cake I ever had ....better than the cheese cake factory . Highly recommend !
2	I don't know why other people are this place so high. I've eaten here twice and it's never great but never bad. I ordered the small 16" pepperoni pizza for $14... It said on the menu Hormel meat so I thought awesome I love Hormel pepperoni.  When the pizza came out... it came out nice and hot.  I asked for it well done so it was nice and crispy.  Negatives:  - The cheese they use looks weird and has an odd texture (in my opinion).- The pepperoni slices were too thick and no consistency in sizes and thickness... I don't like that.Positives:- Good pizza.  Nothing spectacular- NOT Deep dish.  - Split between me and my hungry boyfriend... perfect size for 2Mediterranean salad: - Pretty fresh, some of the pieces of lettuce were wilted and red... - split for 2 people is a good appetizer if you're not starving.I would go back if nothing else appealed to me.  But definately not dying to go back.
4	The pizza is amazing I love the pepperoni it's so small and has just the best taste. Definitely a good place to go for some delish pizza and beer!
5	Grimaldi's Pizzaria is a GEM of a restaurant in a GEM of a shopping mall directly across the street from a GEM of a hotel. LOVE this place!Adriana and I were staying at the Wynn to celebrate our anniversary, and we opted for Grimaldi's on our first night there, just because we had such a good experience when we were in town last year, and we were exhausted from the 45 minute flight from Burbank. A Lego Store just opened next door, so K'ayum was already in heaven. We scored the last outside table. (OK, not outside, 'cause you're in a mall, but outside the restaurant. Got it?)  Perfect for people-watching.I ordered a carafe of chianti, and the friendly waitress even scared up an ice bucket to chill it a bit. We started with a small spinach salad  (I, Christopher C., ALWAYS start with a salad) and it was excellent and enough for the three of us to share. For a pizza, we opted for pepperoni, spicy chicken sausage, onions, and peppers. The pizza was incredible -  the sausage was nice and spicy and the crust was perfect. It was a great meal, and my son scored a great Lego set! (Note to self: go to Lego store BEFORE consuming a carafe of wine...) I hear there's a location in Southern California - I'm going to have to look that up! But then again, Grimaldi's is a PERFECT excuse for a Vegas road trip...
5	Nom-nom-nom... Soooo good! The ricotta cheese option makes this particular pizza stand out from others. They give the kids some dough to play with to pass the time, and there's an observation window in the back for them to watch the pizzas being made. Score!The decor is pretty cool with wine bottles for pendant lights at the bar area and hanging from the ceilings. It's a very "New York" vibe with old signage from the original grimaldis. I love eating outside, so it's a big draw to me when restaurants have that as an option. I was not a fan, however, of their calzones. It was a huge crust filled mostly with air, and then some sauce and meet sat sadly at the bottom, like the last bit of water in the tub that didn't make it down yet. Oh well, just not for me.
4	A large pizza is definitely big enough to share for 2.I think it has something to do with the density if the base.. Even though it is a thin and crispy base.. It tastes like it is thick and dense.. It's just really filling! And although it was burnt and oily it was still so so tasty.. We got ours with pepperoni, mushroom and onion and the tomato based sauce they use is yummo.. We'll be back!
3	Have frequented Grimaldi's for years at AZ locations. Tried this location which is close to home with visiting family and found the red pizzas are too dry-hardly any sauce! We ordered a marinara pizza, anchovy, garlic and no cheese-our standby choice for years, but it came out w/minimal sauce and dry. We asked for extra sauce but by time it came pizza was cold and hard. Spoke to manager about our past experiences of ordering this pizza and them laying the sauce down first over entire area vs a few dollops if sauce in too - and his response "this is how we do it and have always done it". So obviously our past experience over being long time customers was discounted and disregarded. Well we don't like "how you do it" and won't be back based on this manager's "could care less" attitude. Settobello it is!
5	Here at Grimaldi, love everything about this place if you love pizza. At boca park, it is the best out of all three location. Always make the pizza perfect! Never over cook like the one at fashion mall. Sedric is pretty go server also
3	We ordered the Antipasto salad, Margherita pizza, and the white garlic pizza with mushrooms and artichoke. The antipasto was nothing like I've ever had before. It was literally pieces of salami, mozzarella,  tomatoes, red peppers and olives put separately on a plate and given to you. LOL NO Lettuce, nothing else. I guess I assumed the antipasto be like a chopped salad that included lettuce but it was my wrong doing for not asking first. It wasn't the best I've ever had either. The margherita pizza was a little soggy and grossed me out but I still ate it because I was starving. The white pizza was delicious. I highly recommend that. Definitely not the best pizza I've ever had, but the experience was worthwhile.
4	Excellent pizza, authentic ambiance and our server, Jamie, was great!  Prices are decent/reasonable and probably my only reason for not giving a 5 star review.
3	Look, this place is okay.  It is not all that, it is not terrible.  It is an average pizza placeService is on the slow side, but it seemed like they were short staffed.The pizza was alright, tasted better the next day.This would be a once every 6 months to a year place to me.If you never go there ever, you are not missing anything grand, but if you do go you will not be sad about it.
5	Grimaldi's pizza is awesome.  No doubt the best "chain" pizza I've had.  The balance of cheese, toppings, and crust is perfect.  No issues whatsoever.  The Caesar salad was also very good, and larger than I thought it would be.Pricing is good for the quality of the food served but not dirt-cheap.The service was top-notch as well (but admittedly was a weekday at opening and not busy).  Overall, a great experience and highly recommended to other pizza lovers.
4	Walked in at 1 pm, was seated immediately because it wasn't busy which was nice. Had to have the pizza fix because you know you gotta have pizza when going to watch NINJA TURTLES! . I ordered a personal pizza which is a 12" pie with 6 slices, good proportion. I had it topped with bacon and onion and their famous sauce is up to par. I'm used to Frank Pepe's in New Haven, CT which is voted Best Pizza in the nation and world renowned.  Grimaldis is definitely best in Las Vegas but doesn't compare to Pepe's.  But it's up there so it does deserve 4 stars, service was good and the atmosphere fits the style of the restaurant. The crust of the pizza is perfectly thin, and crunchy, love that. The pies came out in a reasonable fashion. The pizzas are priced pretty well, although I think they should have some signature pies. Definitely will be coming back. Always love a good pie. The white pizza with garlic is awesome as well. I recommend this place to anyone. My favorite combo is bacon and onion , try it out.
4	I think the food is OK, but overpriced. I also think Grimaldi's is over rated. When a friend wants to go I will go, but I don't say let's go...
4	Delicious pizza and great service too! My girl and I went here to sit down and have a pizza. It was our first time here. This place looks nice inside, brick walls and has a very tall ceiling. We ordered the Caesar Salad and a large pizza with sausage, pepperoni and red peppers. Tip: The "small" salad size is big enough for two people to have one serving of salad. We got the "large" size salad and it was enough for 4 people. The way the pizza works is they have a set price for the sizes (small, medium, large) and then each of your toppings cost extra. But the toppings can get pretty expensive. So essentially for a large I think it was $16. And that is just the crust and sauce. We then added sausage, pepperoni and red peppers and I think our pizza alone came out to $24. So you can see that if you start adding lots of toppings the pizza will get quite expensive. The pizza was delicious. Pepperoni was so good and so was the sausage. Had a nice little spice to it. My only complaint (and this isn't the restaurant's fault) is that I like the crust to be a tad bit thicker so I can hold the pizza slice by the crust and have the slice stick straight out. This crust is very thin so if you hold it by the crust the entire slice bends down to the ground. Our server, Daniel was very good. He was working the bar as well as our tables.
5	Love the pizza and calzone.We got a new server...2 days on the job...Casey....wow...now experience and she was absolutely amazing.A great addition to a great local restaurant.Thanks!
4	Easily the best pizza in town. Actually, one of the only acceptable pizza spots in town. I'm a pizza snob from the east coast, and am not easily impressed.  I wouldn't change a thing about the pizza.  My only complaint might be that the people that work at the bar, never seem to notice me waiting to pick up my order, as they continue to talk and mess around with each other.  I have never eaten there, so the servers might be better.  But, at the bar they make it seem like I'm bothering them to do their job.  Other than that small gripe, I love the pizza! I wish they delivered!  And a note to the people that mention weird cheese in their reviews, that's what fresh mozzarella is like. Maybe you have become used to the plastic fake cheese out of a bag from dominos.
4	I was surprised and delighted that Grimaldi's was so close to our hotel, The Trump. After our first night in Vegas, I woke up starving and frustrated, as our digs weren't super close to the strip and I wasn't trying to eat at the hotel in such a food-centered city. So after some quick Yelping, I found Grimaldi's, which I had previously heard about on some show on the Food Network, but didn't realize they had locations out West. We ordered a custom pizza and it came out solid, with crisp crust and just enough good quality, chewy mozzarella. Our salad was fresh, service professional, and the cheesecake was worth the calories. If you're looking for pizza and you're anywhere near Fashion Valley, this is the spot.
4	There are a couple of these joints on the Vegas Strip - the one we went to was within the Fashion Show Mall directly across from where the so-called 'fashion show' happens. As such, this is a very busy location. We went at 3pm on a weekend and we still had to wait for a table for two. They serve New York style pizza, which was really good. Would definitely go back next time.
5	Best pizza in town, and amazing customer service. On a recent visit they brought us out  our pizza, apologized that it was slightly overdone and had already started us a new one.
5	This is without a doubt the best pizza you will find in Vegas. They might be expensive but they definitely know what they're doing. My only complaint would be that some of their best pizzas are only available during certain months.
5	First off I would like to say I was amazed at the waitresses (Beca) amount of attention to detail and quickness. She was outstanding. The staff was great, host was very nice, manager ( at least I think that's who she was) checked not only on our table but the others as well at least twice. Pizza was delicious and they did not skimp on the toppings. The Mediterranean salad was also full of veggies and not lettuce. Pricing is reasonable but the place has a very upscale feel which I liked. This is definitely a pizza spot you should cost of your in Vegas.
5	Great Pizza,our server was very good. She explained everything about this place from history to how the pizza is made. Very sweet server we had. Food came out fast. Nothing to complain about only that its a little pricey... for a pizza.I loved the decor of the place. The wine bottles as chandler.
3	The pizza is great, I love the thin crust!! The service was ok....I think our waiter forgot about our table for the end of our dinner. The only bad thing I can say is they don't have BUTTER or RANCH dressing!!! :(
5	Always love coming here. Pizza and service is great. If you get a chance sit outside, always great in nice weather
5	My wife and I ate here about a week ago. From the  moment we walked in the door we were greeted with a smile. This place is tops for customer service, everyone and I mean everyone is VERY friendly and helpful. We first sat at the bar while we were waiting for our table and the bartender explained the menu to us, we got seated and our waiter was great, the manager even came by and spoke to us for a while, other customers as well. Its not the cheapest place in town for a pizza but it is very good and the customer service is OUTSTANDING.  We had drinks, appetizers, pizzas and a desert that including a trio of their deserts and the total bill was around $70.00. We will be back.
4	I always come here with my boyfriends family, I would've never tried this place if it wasn't for them! I'm not a big fan of pizza but after I ate here im in love, I love how thin the pizzas are here !!!!! And the cheese is so good!
4	Hands down the best thin crust pizza I've ever had so far!!! For me it beats settebello and stepped it up a notch. I only gave it a 4 stars because we went it for lunch time and it wasnt slammed or anything but our pizza took a while. Our server was great and the pizza was fantastic just a little slow on the pizza. We ordered the small white pie with grimaldis sauce, jalepenos, mushrooms and bacon. I loved it!Definitely my new favorite pizza place to go to and the atmosphere here is great! Theres also other things to do around the corner.Keep it up! Love your pizza.
5	Pizza and service are always great. A bunch of local friends said this place was awesome and after visiting several times, I agree!We always order a large with pepperoni and meatballs;  they make and slice their own meatballs.  Pizzas are always cooked to perfection and make great left overs!  Love Grimaldi's!
5	We stumbled over this place and decided to try it out. Very open layout and everyone was super friendly. The concept is pretty straight forward. You pick your size and sauce, then choose your toppings. I was a little anxious seeing some of the prices for toppings ($2 for pepperoni, $4 for Italian sausage etc), but after we received our order it made sense. The pizza was incredible, and the portions on it were generous. My wife could only eat 1 piece and out of sheer determination I ate 2 ( remember the sticker shock? I was determined to make it worth it!). After ordering the 18" with 4 toppings (pepperoni, black olives, sundried tomatoes and Italian sausage) and 3 drinks our bill came out to ~$50. It was worth it, and we'll be back in the future
4	White pizza with garlic.......I add basil... Yum!!!Soooo good... Thin crust... fresh ingredients!The perfect lunch!
1	We had the margarita and pepperoni pizza. Their pepperoni grease made one pizza edible, the other was horrible. The crust on both was tasteless and even though both had red sauce, they were so overcooked that the sauce could be seen, but not tasted. Not worth the trip. The 6 of us put it on par with tostino's.
3	I LOVE the pesto pizza!  LOVE!  I however was sitting in the Boca Park locations parking lot waiting for my friend and I was very very annoyed that one of their staff members pulled in the parking lot in a nice white jeep...threw a handicap pass on the mirror and jumped out and walked into work!  How lazy are you?  Not to mention YOURE NOT HANDICAPPED!  Save front spots for patrons.  Not to mention a HANDICAP spot!  Really!?  It's a rainy Wednesday morning at 9:45am. Save that handicap spot for a person who needs it!  Sorry I'm just so annoyed at that!  My mom can hardly walk with a double hip replacement ESP in this weather she is in awful pain...and a capable employee is gonna park there!  Ok that's my rant!
4	Always great here. Shared a Caesar salad and a pizza. Fantastic as usual.Place was packed but no wait for a table. Outside tables with heaters empty as it was just too coldWill be going back soon
5	New York thin crust extra sauce with meatball and pepperoni; combine it with white sangria and end the meal with a chocolate chip cannoli...I'm in heaven! Service is grrrrrreat!  Food is superb.  Ambience is crafty and a bit pub rustic.  The jazzy music is speaking to my soul and my belly. I'm not in love but I'm singing come and get your love! Wrap it up... The bill for all this magnificence was only $40 bucks...not too shabby.. I shall return..
3	Let me say first that I am not sure if I would come back again although I might try something different if I do. Kinda torn on the whole experience. I stopped in for lunch with a friend on a Monday afternoon and waited a few minutes for a host or hostess. The young man who sat me was extremely nice and chatted while he brought me a wine glass. When my friend got here she said she had been here a few times before and really liked the pizza. My server also the bartender named Daniel was very nice and explained the menu to me. We ordered 2 salads and a small pizza. A server brought out my salad first and when I asked where the other salad was she said its coming, I said I would wait and she asked if she should take it back till the other  salad was ready. I said No and waited for the other salad not very long but could not figure out why she did not bring both out. I had the Caesar and did not enjoy it. First it came in a bowl that reminded me of a cereal bowl and not very flavorful.. I even asked for more dressing and still seem blah. The pizza which I had heard is awesome was not. First you order the size and crust style then the toppings which cost 2 to 3 dollars apiece. The crust which was thin which I like was chewy. Overall with 1 glass of wine, a half carfare of wine, pizza and 2 salads the bill was $60.00. I will say the service was above average and the manager a nice lady came by to check on us, made the service experience good.
