4	Finally found one!  A great sushi bar.  I'd heard that Fresh Wasabi was good - but it's pretty far down Bell Rd.  Well, this one was very good, brand new and at the corner of Bell and Grand - right across the parking lot from Home Depot.What a selection - lots of rolls if you're a roll person.  But lots of sashimi and plain sushi as well.  A full sheet of lunch specials including some tempura boats, etc.And the fish was excellent!  Wonderful Yellowtail, as a matter of fact.  Happy to see them out here, and I think you will be, too.
4	First visit was great. I had chicken yakatori and edamame. The wife had sushi, which she loved. Very friendly staff.
4	I am so happy our town finally has a Sushi Bar.  The sushi chef has been doing this for most of his life, beginning his career in Seattle.  They shop the world for the best fresh fish and have great creations.  If you don't see what you like, just tell them and they will create rolls for you.  Great customer service.  Rolls are reasonably priced. Tell Iris that Jim and Mollie sent you.
5	If you like sushi, go here.Yup.  The big FIVE stars.  And they deserve every single star.I have tried quite a few sushi places, comparing them to my "home" sushi restaurant, and every single time, that restaurant hadn't compared.... until we came here.We were intending to go to Rubio's for a quick dinner after a party and then go hang out at home.  We have wanted to come here for weeks (since they opened this Surprise location) and they had always been closed, and when coming up on Rubio's tonight, they were still open, so we switched to sushi mode.Walk in and you are visually greeted with a wide open room of maybe 10 tables and 3 booths on the side, and of course your sushi bar.We asked to be seated at the bar.  We like to watch the sushi chef make their creations and check out the care of the fish.I was originally turned off by how the chef left the doors to the cooler with the fish open.  It concerned me... it's Arizona... we are hot, and I do not want my sushi at room temperature since it's so easy to get sick from meats at that temperature.We received the first of our standard first fare with a new sushi restaurant - salmon sashimi and yellowtail sashimi and I actually said, out loud, "Wow."Now, mind you, I am used to large portions of sashimi and used to fairly large steak slices of fish in my sashimi.These were HUGE steaks of fish!!  We got like 6 steaks of salmon and 5 steaks of yellowtail and they were so thick and barely out of frozen (this explains why he left it open... he wanted them to thaw)... I bit into it and the yummy goodness of these fish was just perfect.  I was greatly happy and looked forward to getting our specialty rolls.The first to come out, perfect timing after finishing our sashimi, was the Godzilla roll.  The roll was very nice looking, large pieces, and an even number of pieces. Took a bite...Holy...Crap.These guys know taste!!  I might have to put these guys up on par with my home sushi restaurant!   I don't know about  you, but the guilt of saying that someone else has the same amount of skill with the sushi knife and taste in comparison to the restaurant you have been so loyal to for 5 years... it's rough.So I was thinking, "Ok.  Let's try the next roll.  If they meet expectations then... I'll cross that bridge when I get to it."....Dammit, now here's the bridge.We got the Arizona roll.  Very tasty... an excellent mix of sweet, spicy, and bold.  The sauces were incredible.  I purely expected a clash to occur considering the three sauces that were on top of this roll, but OH MY GOD.I'm in trouble.Next roll... the baked scallop roll. I LOVE scallops.  They are my favorite... raw, grilled, sauteed, or baked.These were even better baked on top of a california roll with the unagi sauce.  Very good, not too much, but very sweet.So, being the foodie I am, I'm discussing this quietly with my partner at the bar.It's like the staff there psychically understood how we were rating them and they approach us and ask what we think.I told them it's excellent and explained why.The chef offered us some cold chopped oranges to cool the palate after our intense meal with our beer and sake.  A perfect topper!I feel I can't even express how surprised I am that they were so excellent.  I purely expected these guys to be normal... like Takamatsu or Ah-So... and was blown away by their incredible "taste" abilities.The people were very nice.  Take out is available.We are going back.  We were watching the chef make other rolls... we have already decided what other rolls we are getting.If you like sushi... go here.
5	Sushi in Surprise!! I can not tell you how excited I am about this. Since my wife and the people I am around the most do not like sushi it makes it hard to persuade anyone to drive a distance for food they don't want. Now that I have one in my backyard I can make solo trips much more easily.So first impression of this place was that it was your typical hole in the wall sushi joint.; nothing too fancy. We took a seat at the sushi bar and took a peak at the menu. It was huge! Tons of special rolls and combo platters. They we noticed their lunch specials, one for bento boxes and one for sushi rolls. I went with the 3 sushi rolls for $11.95 and added a bowl of miso soup for $1. The wife went with the teriyaki chicken bento box for $6.95. Everything was damn tasty and out the door we left for $30 after tip. I will definitely be coming back again and again; like I said, the menu is huge!
4	Yay!  Finally a good Asian restaurant in Surprise!!!  (still waiting for a Vietnamese one to open)  I really like their sushi--tried several kinds of rolls there & loved them all.  This place is my new favorite in Surprise.Was not impressed by the consistency of the udon noodles nor the flavor of the broth.  Don't recommend it.Iris, Not sure--the kitsune udon that I've liked has had more flavorful broth.  The consistency of the noodles I had that night at Fresh Wasabi was not quite right, but it could very well be the brand of noodles used...My husband also said the same thing--that he didn't really rate it.  We both loved the sushi, though!
4	I went here with a friend the other night for dinner.  The Service was good, the space was clean.  The average Roll Price ranges from $5 to $8  with some special rolls costing a bit more.  We split about 4 Rolls and each had a Kirin. The California Crunch rolls were tasty, the spicy Crab was a big hit with my friend, and the Crunchy Tempura Shrimp with eel sauce was my favorite.  We also tried one of their many special rolls, we went for the "Booty Booty Roll" not just for the name but because it seemed to have a complex flavor profile.  based on our personal tastes, we didn't find the  Booty Booty Roll to be "Rockin Everywhere"but it was good, just maybe too many flavors at once, I would probably go for something simpler next time.  I also saw some of the other food coming out of the kitchen and it looked good, and being that the thought of raw fish would disgust my wife I know she'd be able to find something to eat too.I plan to come back soon.
4	Sushi in Surprise? Woohoo! My husband and I were just here on Saturday and discovered their lunch special: $1 (per piece) select nigiri and select rolls 3 for $11.95. Their special rolls are reasonably priced as well, ranging from $7.95 to $12.00. The fish was very fresh, not fishy at all, and the avocadoes didn't have a spec of brown on them. The albacore tuna nigiri was probably my favorite, definitely worth trying. There wasn't one that i didn't like! The ambiance of the restaurant is nothing to rave about. They have 1 TV that didn't seem to be working (they were trying to set it up for the Cardinals playoff game). Service was ok, although it did take a decent amount of time to get the dishes out. I didn't really mind though because the food was good. By about 1:30 the place had filled up! I can't imagine how it is at dinner time. I really liked this place and would definitely go back.
3	Ok maki, but everything else kinda sucked.  Went about 1 to have the lunch specials with my hubby.The good: The rolls were great, like I said. The tempura, not bad.The not-good:Spicy tuna rolls were not tasty and a little warm.Salad in the bento box was crap.Edamame was not warm or appetizing.Spicy chicken may not have been chicken and was not very spicy either.My vote, skip it.
4	Went there for the first time a couple weeks ago.  When I go for sushi, it pretty much consists of Nigiri Tuna and California rolls, I'm not a hardcore sushi eater by any sorts.Service was good, was seated right away, took my drink order, came out.. My drink never got empty before a replacement came out (big plus for me).  I ordered one of their sushi meal things and requested it all be tuna (you get to pick), GF orders something, I think it was Teryaki beef..Couple minutes goes by, another lady comes out and tells me I cant have all Tuna cause its too expensive.  Hey.. I'm an easy going guy, I shrug my shoulders and say, "cant you chuck another $5 on my bill to make up for it?".   I'm not sure what she said, but apparently that was ok :)Food comes out, I had a bite of my GF's meal and the beef was cooked very nicely and the sauce was great!  My sushi was good, you cant really expect too much out of Tuna and California Rolls other then they just be fresh.I noticed they have some nice Happy Hour stuff.  There was a flier floating around inside that said it was 2:30-4:30pm, looked like some good deals.  When I was leaving, the window said a different time for the Happy Hour special, no biggie.. I might go back and check it out
4	I was so glad to see that a sushi place finally came to Surprise.  Food was pretty good and the service was great!
2	Tried this recently looking for some teriyaki.  This was disappointing.  It was not crisp, which I like, and I didn't care for dipping sauce, too bland.  It was a little high priced for what we got.  Will not go back for the teriyaki.
4	Regular sushi eaters, we went on a Tuesday night.  Had 3 normal rolls and 3 special rolls.  Very, very good.  Very fresh, really enjoyed the way the rolls were cut just a bit smaller than normal, for easier eating.  Spicy could have been a bit spicer on the Tuna.  No ambiance, and the bathroom needs a major remodel.  Food rocked, service in definite need improvement.  Sushi chef was awesome.  Go for the food.
5	I come from Seattle, and we have LOTS of good sushi there. Went last night with my best friend who is visiting here from Seattle, and it was hands down the BEST sushi I've ever tasted anywhere.  The beef yakisoba noodles had the best spices/herbs we've both ever tried. My sushi was fantastic, I had the Booty Booty roll and the Four Seasons roll. I will go back and try every single other thing on the menu. Best part? I don't have to go allllll the way over to Snottsdale to find quality Japanese. Oh, and the portions are good. I could NOT finish the 2 rolls, brought the rest home.Ok, we went again last night 5/29/2010, and we were all pleased as punch. My sis from sacto, who is a veteran Sushi lover, was in heaven. The 4 of us shared the Booty-Booty Roll, Catapillar Roll, Cherry Blossom roll, and Rainbow Roll. Also Shrimp Tempura, and grilled makarel. It was great, licked up every bite. I don't understand WHY my review is 'filtered' or held back from the other reviews? Have I offended someone somehow??
1	If you like sushi, go somewhere else. I was extremely disappointed in the quality of both the service and the food. I decided to take my family here because the other reviews seemed good; however, either my experience was an anomaly or the other Phoenix yelpers and I have stark differences in taste.The staff had great smiles, yet lacked follow through. We had to ask for water and extra ginger twice. The sushi rolls were the flimsiest I have ever seen! Although poor in quality, they were high in price for what they serve. I'm not sure about the names of some of their rolls...one was named "Climax." Gross and just distasteful.  The decor and ambiance leave you wanting. They have three different wallpapers hanging and the music is overwhelming. Even though this is the only sushi bar in Surprise, I will gladly drive to Peoria or Scottsdale the next time I have a craving for sushi.
4	My husband and I had several of their happy hours sushi rolls, including Spider Roll (soft shell crab is quite good there), Philadelphia roll, tuna sushi, spicy crab roll, shrimp tempura roll...all for about $23.Happy hour is a good deal & I recommend it!Most days I've been there, it's been really good.  I went last week and it was average.  Today, it was good again.  Maybe the sushi chef had a bad day, or I don't usually get the sushi chef I had last week.
4	This is the only sushi restaurant my wife and I will eat at in the Phoenix area. We've tried Tomo's, Nakama and the horrible sushi place in WestGate, but Fresh Wasabi is the best. Everything is always fresh and delicious. We usually get the Alaska, Phoenix and Tootsie rolls. They offer a military discount, and one of the sushi chefs is ex-Army and likes to come out and greet fellow military personnel.
4	Our current favorite is the Tootsie Roll. We have tried a few others and they too were good.  The edamame is average.  I would suggest trying the Monkey Brain appetizer. It is their version of a stuffed mushroom.We found the Happy hour deals were better for us than the Lunch specials. I have been looking for a good Bim Bim Bap and this place really hit the spot. If you want your rice to sizzle and become crunchy, order the bowl extra hot.  The bowl is also good enough for 2 if you order enough sushi/appetizers.The restaurant is very clean and the staff very nice. We were so happy and impressed that we went there 2 days in a row.  The second day we brought our kids (5 & 1). They enjoyed it too.
5	I will preface this review by saying that I am from Chicago (and still live there, mind you)... and am a regular sushi eater at some of the best sushi restaurants in a city that is known for, and loves, its food.With that said, I have been to Fresh Wasabi twice now and... can state with confidence that Fresh Wasabi is some of the best sushi I have ever eaten!  Try the First Love specialty roll -- you will love it!  Have you tried it yet?  Seriously, what are you waiting for?  Ok, since you are still reading this, then let me give another recommendation -- try the Crunch Spicy Tuna.  You say it looks a little boring for your exquisite, developed taste buds?  Then tell them to add tobiko (they will do it with a smile).  Have you tried the rolls yet?  Go.  Eat.  Now!
4	I decided to go with a friend to sushi a few days ago and wanted to find someplace in between our pads, and good ol' Yelp picked this place!We went on a Tuesday night around 6:15 pm.  This place is kinda hidden in the back of a shopping plaza.  Upon walking in the first thing I noticed was the decor (or lack there of for a sushi restaurant) and the bright green wall in the back.  ODD.There was only one or two other couples in the establishment...hmmm...My friend and I sat right at the bar.  Only one rack had fish in it...seemed like one main chef working and two other waitresses.  Hmm again...Was a little skeptical.We decided to get an order of saki bombers...asked for ONE large set up for us both to split...someone we ended up getting TWO large sets, one for each of us...YIKES!  We decided to just try and swing it on our own and see how much we could finish.Upon opening the menu I was greeted with a wide variety of rolls to choose from.  All seemed typical, some not so typical, but either way there was a lot to pick from.  It took us a while to decide what we wanted, and for the life of me I can't remember what specific ones we ordered (damn saki), so I can't be of much recommendation there.I will say that what we did receive tasted delicious and fresh.  The rolls were reasonably priced and much lower for their specialty rolls than other establishments I have been to...that I like A LOT.The sashimi was a little weird.  I always order yellowtail sashimi at any sushi place I eat, and this one seemed to cut the meat weird.  The slices were thin and rolled up in a little tootsie roll style.  Hmmm...Extra bonuses:  The chef provided us with several samples of meats for free!  I always inquire about the specialty fish (toro, yellowtail belly, etc.) and they didn't have any.  He made us something unique: white tuna on top of rice with crispy fried onion strings on top.  What a delight!!!  I told them that this needed to be on the menu as a regular item to order!In either case, the sushi was delicious and reasonably priced for the most part.  I would go back if I was in the area, but would not make the trek out there on an ordinary day.Give it a try!
5	I was in town with a buddy of mine from college and I had recommended grabbing some sushi for dinner. Searching from my iPhone the closest place was Fresh Wasabi so we gave it a shot. It's a very quaint space, very personal. One of the first things we noticed was the TV behind the sushi bar that was a direct feed from the camera hovering over the main chef while he made these elegant sushi pieces. Needless to say, it was something really cool to see done and I was really impressed by that. The next thing I'll note is that the man who was our server (and who I presumed to be the owner) could not have been a nicer guy. They have a special there that if you bring a "sushi virgin" with you, you get a roll on the house. This was 100% correct as the man hooked my buddy up with a free roll, and it wasn't the least expensive roll we ordered, but he picked the most expensive one to give us free of charge! Talk about a nice guy and great service. Now on to the sushi itself. Their selection of specialty rolls was quite impressive (I recommend the Alaska, Arizona, and Sunset rolls) and they did well to keep the classics well made as well. The one gripe I will say is that since there was only one sushi chef working it did take a little longer than I would have hoped to get our food but it wasn't an overly excessive wait to where I got upset and/or restless. So overall, I had a very positive experience with Fresh Wasabi and recommend it to anyone who loves some quality sushi at an extremely reasonable price. I'll definitely be back the next time I swing back down to the area.
4	I met up the other day with my two good buddies for lunch, and thanks to yelp we all really enjoyed our visit to Fresh Wasabi.I should probably offer a disclaimer that I'm not a huge sushi fan but I very much enjoy Japanese food otherwise.  We all ordered bento boxes, which were quite generous for the $8.95 price.  There was miso (good), tempura (good), salad (very good), california roll, rice and mine was chicken katsu which was quite good.  Good food and friendly service make this a solid bet, especially in Surprise.
5	I had my son's wedding dinner (small party) at Fresh Wasabi. We were greeted outside the restaurant by the owner. Our server was very sweet and attentive. The food was excellent as well. It's a very quaint family like atmosphere. My youngest son insists we go there and only there for sushi. He & I had dinner a there a couple weeks ago, nothing has changed. The excellent food and service were not a fluke. I am so excited I found this place in November. I plan on becoming one of their many regulars although I've only been there twice. I will have my son's 14th birthday dinner at Fresh Wasabi per his request. I highly recommend this place. I am a huge sushi fan, food and service like Fresh Wasabi provides is hard to find.
5	Let me start this by saying, Every single sushi restaurant I have been to in Phoenix SUCKS! The rice doesnt stick, the rolls fall apart and they are BLAND!My Suggestion: Cherry Blossom Roll & Sweet Thang!Our waitress was VERY helpful! She told us her favorites and any house specials immediatly! We ordered and watched our rolls being made on the T.V. behind the chef's. My daughter got a kick out of that!! It is a small establishment but it does allow the owner to be more in tuned with the customers. He walks arounds, greets all customers and even takes orders if the place is busy. He learned it was our first time and made sure we were pleased with EVERYTHING! We also got to try the Fried Cheesecake with Chocolate Sauce...talk about Super YUMMY!Amazing food! Amazing Service! Inexpensive!
4	Fresh items and great service. Definately know how to do sushi right!
5	This is the kind of place where I thought about not writing a review, because I don't want to help it get too crowded.  I have had sushi in a variety of locations in the U.S., and outside of the U.S.  I am a sushi fan.  Fresh Wasabi Sushi and Grill doesn't have every sushi option in the book, but they have a very solid selection.  For what they have, THIS PLACE HAS 5 STAR SUSHI.The best part?  LOW PRICES!You may find a sushi restaurant out in Scottsdale, with a better sushi selection and slightly better sushi quality.  But you will pay 2-3 times the price.They do take out, provide outstanding service, the owner always goes out of his way to try and connect with all customers.  Impeccably clean.  Very happy with the seating layout, despite the smaller size.  Appropriate music played at an appropriate volume.  Kid friendly.  Great spot to take your family, or to have a date.  Probably want to keep a group at no more than 6 unless not a busy time.
4	Yum yum yum!!!!  Love the place, the food!It is family run and the staff is all very nice!
5	TASTY!!  Great food, nice friendly people, pleasant atmosphere.  The owner greets you coming in and checks on you during your meal.  They make you feel welcome and you can tell that lots of people return frequently.  Fresh fish and creative combinations that are served in eye pleasing arrangements.  Cherry Blossom Roll was beautiful and tasty! I grew up in Japan and love sushi so this place will always have a fond memory in my belly and taste buds.  Not big but comfortable surroundings.  Prices also are good and actually cheap compared to other sushi places I've been to.
4	You know it was good food when you arrive home after 65 miles,  still savoring the meal.  I went to Fresh Wasabi intending to treat myself to Japanese food, since I had a meeting out in Surprise.  I chatted with the owner, found out they are Korean/Korean-,American and immediately started whining about the lack of good Korean food in Phoenix (he agreed, he's from LA, I think).  **BUT** he and his wife have a few Korean dishes on the menu, so I had the Kalbi Bi Bim Bap, which comes sizzling in a stone bowl -  fresh veggies cooked just right, kalbi beef over rice fragrant sesame oil, topped off with an egg and Korean hot sauce. Heaven.  Please go taste this - maybe they can be convinced to expand their Korean menu (and maybe serve spicier hot sauce).  I'd drive out there again for this.
1	Is one star the lowest I can do. I don't care if food is good or bad the service is horrendous. These people need serious training in waiting on people. It just never got better. The owner defended the smallest rolls I have ever seen at a sushi joint. The waitress was just rude.Watched 3 tables just walk out after waiting more than 15 minutes to get served. Rolls are small and expensive but good.Seriously have no clue how this place is in business.
1	Can you say food poisoning? It was obvious as we walked in the door that this place was trying to cut down on expenses. They had turned off the air conditioning when it was 100 degrees outside and had large ceiling fans going on full blast. This was highly irritating as the fans not only dried out my food but did a number on my eyes also. The women waitresses were very kind and at times almost too eager to take our order as we were asked by three different people what we wanted. When we got our sushi for two it was WARM! I'm not talking about good old fried Las Vegas roll warm, I'm talking shashimi over rice. I've been to several countries and eaten plenty of raw things and assumed it would be ok since about 99% of the time my stomach can handle it. I was wrong. I wonder now if they had turned down the cooling case where the sushi is stored? I would bet if the health department did a random inspection they are not keeping it kept at the right temperature. To top off the lukewarm fish, the people at the table next to us got drunk and started yelling at the waitress about being overcharged. I really should give them more stars just for the entertainment value of watching them try to communicate to drunken hillbillies. Well the joke was on me because I soon realized what they were angry about. We came with a groupon and they applied the discount after tax. They don't print out an itemized bill they just give you the paper with the total so you don't really know what your bill was.... But I'm on to you Fresh Wasabi! I don't know on what planet they thought that was ok because I have never NEVER been to a place that does this. Our bill was only about $40 so a few dollars here or there was not a big deal to me but to the hillbillies who racked up a $180 bill it was a big deal. After many threats from the drunks to call the police they finally left and as our entertainment factor dwindled we vowed never to trek out to Surprise for irritable bowls ever again.
5	Awesome place, probably one of the best sushi I've ever had!!! Priced fair, my new favorite place
4	Their deep fried rolls are amazing! The yakisoba and teriyaki were light and fresh. We came with a coupon for our first visit and were pleasantly surprised. We really enjoyed ourselves and will return.
4	Great local sushi spot! Love their Vegas Roll and Cherry Blossom Roll.  Staff is very friendly.  Always seem on top of refills.  Has kind of a mini sports bar feel with a couple of TVs but without all the loudness.  The prices are very reasonable as well.  I recommend this spot over the other one across the street.
4	Finally got out to try this place, had a restaurant.com coupon for about 6 months and wanted to check them out, but we always were going to be in the area on a Sunday and they are not open then.First, the entry was pleasant, greeted and seated, the owner/manager was very friendly and made a point to stop by and talk. Granted, they were not very busy late on a Friday night, but that wasn't the point. Decor was ok, had a game on the TV in the background.Food was good, staff was ok, they do need to update the menu, discovered a minor mistake on something they no longer offer, but we thought the prices were decent anyhow.IF I'm in the area and craving sushi, I'd stop by again, need I say more?
3	We are not sushi fans... At all.  What drew us to Fresh Wasabi was the noodle plates, we had Yaki Udon and Nabeyaki Udon with a starter of crab puffs.Unfortunately, the server/owner began our experience here by assuming we would be eating sushi or a bento box and spent almost five minutes explaining the boxes and sushi to my husband, completely excluding me from the educational session.  As in NEVER EVEN LOOKED AT ME OR CHECKED TO SEE IF I WAS FOLLOWING ALONG!!!!!  As a matter of fact, the only time he acknowledged me was when I placed my order and once, right at the end of the meal, when I had an awkward moment with my chopsticks (a point of contention because they don't offer regular flatware, you have to use sticks or your hands).The crab puffs were quite tasty and the real treat was that they actually had crab inside.  Most places simply stick cream cheese inside and call it a day, honoring the name was a nice touch.The Yaki Udon, basically teriyaki chicken mixed with Udon noodles and some veggies was full of flavor and required no additional seasoning.The Nabeyaki Udon was Udon noodles, fish cake, tempura shrimp, thin sliced beef and veggies in what can only be described as the best miso I have tasted in the Valley; it was rich and had outstanding beef flavor without being heavy.The disappointment in both dishes was that they were $14 each and probably didn't have 6 oz of meat and veggies combined.  We really felt that $28 for noodles was pretty darn steep, even though it was exceptionally prepared.  Overall bill with two iced teas and the appetizer was pennies short of $50... For lunch????!!!!  The service was okay, but not enough to overcome the pricing (we keep thinking that $11-12 per dish would've been fair... Or put more meat in it and keep the price at $14).
3	First off... I come to sushi places for the Veggie rolls and appetizers. I don't do any of the rolls with fish... I had the veggie roll & the cucumber roll. My friend and I shared the gyoza which were great. My rolls were as expected.. and in my book that was good. My only complaint and its minor.. but I asked for the avacado to be swapped out with cream cheese.. she said there would be an extra charge for this....?? I decided to keep the avacado..  anyway, my friend had the california rolls and was pleased enough with them. So, for a small quaint little place.. It was good.
4	Been here quite a few times seeing that it's the only real sushi place in Surprise. Good sushi/sashimi, good atmosphere (I love the little places), and quick service are what make this place great.
2	The food here is pretty good, even though the customer service is poor.
4	Second visit to Fresh Wasabi... Arizona Rolls, fabulous... As I previously stated, we are not sushi fans, I must amend, we were not sushi fans, we are beginning to be now... And the Arizona Roll is what brought us around!  Very fresh, firm but not sticky rice that was also very light.  The Wasabi was full of flavor but not too hot.  We do wish they had given us a little more though...Calamari... It was ok, it was chewy, rubbery, over cooked.  The batter was really good and the sauce was tasty and this was the saving grace. Once the calamari cooled though, it was just gross...Udon noodles, again, very hot, Momma said too hot and based on my prior experience with them, I have to agree.  The broth was fabulous, again, and the yummies in the dish were just that, yummy!  I still think it needed more meat, but it is a noodle dish...Spicy chicken dinner combo... Wish the chicken pieces were bigger but the spices and sauce were phenomenal!!!!!!  Portion was really good and plentiful without being too much...As with last time, for some reason I have a hard time pin-pointing, the service was lacking.  We got drink refills and it was reasonably attentive, but something was missing... At least this time there was no dissertation on bento boxes and sushi... Wish I could figure out what it was... Just off somehow... Overall, they earned a star over last visit and we will be back, no doubt!
5	Good food brings you back... Being brave allows you to find the GREAT food on the menu... We are definitely fans of Fresh Wasabi!!!!  and we love, love , love their sushi (we have never even liked sushi and now we are working our way through each of their amazing rolls)!!!!The Climax roll was complete heaven and the Monkey Brains were sinful little delights... my mouth was absolutely wow'ed by the way the textures and flavors stood out while nicely mixing and mingling with each other.  If I close my eyes right now, I can still feel and taste them as if I were still sitting in the restaurant.  Now that is GREAT FOOD!!!!!  I have to say the Main Man agreed as he gave an added tip exclusively to the creator of the fabulous sushi rolls.We began the meal with the same waitress as last time.  As I said before, she was polite and attentive but something was missing.  I slapped my Yelp deal onto the table and all of a sudden we had the most delightful woman serving us; she told us we were the first Yelp deal customers and broke into some cordial and sincere conversation about Fresh Wasabi and our prior visits.  She was not dressed like a server so I have to guess that she sits a bit higher in the hierarchy but she was a gem and cleared up my previous issues with the service (again, always good, but lacking something warm, sincere, and interested in our business).   So now we begin our quest to try each and every roll on the menu... mmmmmmmmmm...
4	Second visit to Fresh Wasabi back in early September... Arizona Rolls, fabulous... As I previously stated, we are not sushi fans, I must amend, we were not sushi fans, we are beginning to be now... And the Arizona Roll is what brought us around!  Very fresh, firm but not sticky rice that was also very light.  The Wasabi was full of flavor but not too hot.  We do wish they had given us a little more though...Calamari... It was ok, it was chewy, rubbery, over cooked.  The batter was really good and the sauce was tasty and this was the saving grace. Once the calamari cooled though, it was just gross...Udon noodles, again, very hot, Momma said too hot and based on my prior experience with them, I have to agree.  The broth was fabulous, again, and the yummies in the dish were just that, yummy!  I still think it needed more meat, but it is a noodle dish...Spicy chicken dinner combo... Wish the chicken pieces were bigger but the spices and sauce were phenomenal!!!!!!  Portion was really good and plentiful without being too much...As with last time, for some reason I have a hard time pin-pointing, the service was lacking.  We got drink refills and it was reasonably attentive, but something was missing... At least this time there was no dissertation on bento boxes and sushi... Wish I could figure out what it was... Just off somehow... Overall, they earned a star over last visit and we will be back, no doubt!
4	I like eating here they have some good happy hour deals.  I think the atmosphere needs some sprucing up but they have already added some cool stuff like the "sushi cams," where you can watch the guys make rolls.  I would definitely eat here again
5	We have now become regulars at Fresh Wasabi and we are not ashamed!!!!  Their rolls are out of this world!We are making our way through the list and have not found a bad one yet!  They are all most certainly naughty, but in a very GOOD way.  This week we gave the Spider Roll, Guilty Pleasure Roll, Untouchable Roll, First Love Roll, and Philly Roll a try... if you like tempura (and FW does it very well) you will absolutely love the variety of flavor and texture offered in the Untouchable and Spider Rolls.  The heftiness of those two were very nicely contrasted by the lightness and citrus in the First Love and the touch of spice and heat offered by the Guilty Pleasure.  The Philly was a solid, simple, basic roll that made for a good palate cleanser between the varied selection of tempura, spice, and citrus and probably enhanced our enjoyment of all the rolls.We added Sake Bombs to the meal this time and thought the libation was fun!  We had Mochi Ice Cream as a small treat to close the meal... and WOW, was it good!!  Again, a fabulous contrast in temperatures, textures, and subtle flavors between the outside layer and the inside ice cream.Why did I add the 5th star, you ask?  Because the service has met the mark... warm, friendly, welcoming, everything it should be and now more...
1	Im not a sushi person so maybe my review wont be useful. I went cuz the hubby wanted sushi. I figured a veggie roll and some teriyaki beef would be cool. The veggie roll wasnt bad, but it was actually just avocado. My teriyaki beef was terrible! It tasted and looked like it was boiled then spray painted grill marks. It was cold, chewy and hard to swallow. Very dissapointing!! I asked the hubby  how he felt about the sushi he ordered and he said it was ok, not 4 stars thats for sure. Im sure they are great, but not interested in a second visit.
3	Was ok- not great. Nothing unique or special.
1	The service was horrible. The TV was on a station showing a deer being hunted and killed. All in all a terrible experience.
4	Me and my wife tried this place for our 5 year anniversary and we were really surprised at the quality and presentation of the sushi. The service was fast and friendly and the restraunt was clean. We used the $15 for $25 deal and it was great it was like getting a specialty roll for free. Definitly going back cause there's so much left to try. Highlights were the spider roll ( possibly the best soft shell crab I've ever had ) and the ginger was the real deal not the crappy pink stuff.
3	Not bad! Quick, easy and reasonably priced.
1	Used to go here and enjoy.  Service/food/portions all were good.  Two months ago bought the restaurant.com 10 for $25.  Went last month.  Disaster:  food was still good.  The service was deplorable-clear down to arguing over her mistake on the use of the coupon.  Went again last night-used to the $10 for $25.  Now the food while good have been shrunk to ridiculous.  They should be ashamed to put it on the plate.  From the rolls to the shashimi (which you could read a kindle through).  Then it's time to check out (same rude waitress).  I look and sure enough same game.  When I complain this time though she suddenly remembers and proceeds to rant 4 different times that she took it on the chin last time for $7.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  You don't want people using coupons-don't put them out there-only to have them come in and then cheat them.   I have two more of these coupons and WILL NOT BOTHER to go back.  I do not expect them to be in business another 6 mos.I have quite a few friends that I have turned on to this place and have become regulars there.  Will certainly tell them not to bother to go back.  If they saw the sashimi and roll shrinkage, they would be appalled.
4	Found this place on Yelp while we were in the area and thought we'd give it a try.  Great sushi!!  The sushi is on the smaller end but I would imagine that would me more authentic than the big lumps you get at other sushi places.  We ordered the "same number of rolls" as we do at other places but left there still hungry and wanting more ... I guess that is good or bad depending on how you look at it!
5	Treated ourselves to a late afternoon, pre-dinner crowd rush, Valentine's Day meal at Fresh Wasabi yesterday. Being a small operation, the ambiance has always been a bit austere, but we immediately noticed some new decor and wall hangings, very lovely! We also noticed that they made a distinct effort at romance for the day with fresh red roses on the tables, many of the staff wearing some red, and a fun display at the greeting station.We were greeted warmly and happily by the owner and seated at our regular table. We tried the cherry blossom roll, baked lobster roll, and the bronze medal roll this time. All were phenomenal, but we cannot imagine ordering the baked lobster roll without the bronze medal roll at the same time, they were perfectly complimentary to one another!  We paired the cherry blossom with a couple pieces of yellow tail nigiri, very soft and tender with perfect flavor, and we were happy with the match.As always, presentation was spot-on and the service was great! It was an unexpectedly fun Valentine's meal! Thanks!
4	I love Japanese so I was very excited to try Fresh Wasabi Sushi & Grill.  Since it was girls day out we all planned to pay for our own lunch.  It was a nice surprise when we walked in, good decor and booths.  We had seen the menu on the outside of the restaurant so we knew we wanted to try... the Bento boxes.  We were planning to use our Yelp coupon but when the waitress saw our coupon she said we could not order the Bento Boxes and only one coupon per table.  We explained that we did not see that on the coupon.  She eventually came around and let us use two coupons and one of us was allowed to order the B.B.  The food was good and met my expectations for fresh sushi.  It was $16 for a large portion of sushi, soup & salad.  The salad was a little weak, maybe not fresh enough.  The soup was very tasty and the Bento Box was very generous and much to my friends liking.  I'll be back for sure.
5	I'm glad I gave this place a second chance... My first experience several months ago was very average... Decided to give it another chance last night... Very impressed. Loved the 'Second Climax Roll' -  Will be back for more...
1	This place is WAY OVERPRICED for such casual dining and not so great food. Rolls are extremely small, sashimi seemed like it had been sitting out and was served on a stinky bed of something that smelled like it had been rinsed in dirty sink water. there was no kids menu so we were charged $10 fora TINY teriyaki bowl that again was not very good. I could have got a better rice bowl from jack in the box. BTW this is the first review I have ever done on a restaurant but leaving this place left me SO disappointed I felt I needed to. I would never go there again.
2	The food was good (seaweed salad, baked scallop roll), but the service was terrible. I went with 2 coworkers for lunch (noon) on a Thursday afternoon, expecting to be able to fit it into our lunch hour. Wrong! The waiter was not prompt about taking our orders, so that was the first delay. Also, each person's food was brought out at different times, so by the time I got my roll, one coworker was already done eating his miso, salad, and whole plate of sushi (at least 10 pieces), and the other was well more than halfway through his 2 rolls. For the money, I'd rather go to Hayashi across the street.
4	I am from out of town, so I will have to come back when I am in town.
1	We had a groupon for this place so we decided to check it out. I was not impressed at all. Even with the groupon it was a little pricey. With that said all of the fish cuts are very small with an average portion of rice so you end up getting the wrong fish to rice ratio . Overall I would not recommend this place. Probably one of the lesser places to get food in surprise. If I hadn't had the groupon I would have been even more disappointed given the high price and low quality.
1	Edit: I looked this up, and you are correct it was not a groupon. It was a coupon from Restaurant.com
4	It was good! Fresh Wasabi is an inexpensive, small, and simple restaurant. If I wanted amazing sushi then I wouldnt have gone there - I would have spent a $100 at an expensive sushi bar. BUT I was craving eel sauce and ginger and plain old sushi and I was on a budget- It was delicious and didnt disappoint for the amount of money I was spending. I spent $50 for my family of 4(2 kids and 2 adults)! We left stuffed. That included appetizers, sides, and sushi- 5 rolls. the Climax roll was my favorite. I will come again for a quick sushi trip!They kept my kids happy and our waters full!! Thanks again.
4	I liked it! We arrived during happy hour ( 2:30-4:30 pm) so the prices were about a $1.50 cheaper then a favorite sushi bar 15 min away. We were the only ones in the place so it would be hard to critique the service. I'll be visiting again as it's close- food was good, place was clean, food was good
1	I came here once at least a year ago with my parents and we honestly weren't terribly impressed. I found some of the sushi to be all right - the eel was rather good - but the rolls were small and the sashimi was unimpressive. Being a big sushi fan, I thought it was pretty good for the desert - hey, I'm biased, I live in California - and brushed off the high prices and mediocre quality as a result of the lack of competition in the area.Fast-forward to today: obviously I'd forgotten about the place and bought the Yelp deal thinking my dad and I were going to check it out for the first time for lunch. Wrong; we pulled up to the restaurant and my dad reminded me that this was the sole sushi place we'd been to in town. No worries, we decided, we'll eat there for lunch anyways since the lunch bowls looked really good and the Yelp deal was enticing.We were invited to seat ourselves. When the server brought us the menus, I informed her that I had a Yelp deal. She promptly removed the lunch menus from the table and told me that lunch specials weren't eligible with coupons. All right, I said politely, and my father and I proceeded to look at the menu. "You sure you don't want to leave?" my dad asked. I said no and decided that I'd just discuss the fact that the Yelp deal doesn't mention any restrictions thus she should honor the deal. In fact, the voucher specifically states, "Deal must be honored according to terms on voucher. No additional restrictions may be added at time of redemption."Well, the server came back to the table to take our order and I immediately mentioned that the Yelp deal does not mention any restrictions. She reiterated that they don't allow ordering lunch specials with a coupon. At this point it became an argument; I again tried to tell her that the Yelp deal doesn't list restrictions and that she is supposed to honor the deal as provided. She didn't let me finish my sentence and hurried back to grab the lunch menus, hastily and rudely shoving the lunch menus back onto the table and walking away. My dad and I looked at each other in disbelief. He suggested we leave and eat lunch at Macayo's, the popular local chain of Mexican restaurants. Done deal, I said, and we walked out.Hopefully I'll be able to get my Yelp deal refunded. There is no way I am ever going back. It was mediocre sushi in the first place; if it makes me a snobby Californian for bashing the place then so be it, because all of these reviews of "great sushi" are total B.S. and I'm guessing a lot the reviewers haven't eaten the good stuff (I myself had never had truly decent sushi until I moved to California). Besides, it wasn't even the quality that drove me away, it was the horrendous attitude this woman gave us. A place like this doesn't deserve to be in business.
5	This is a wonderful place to eat some really good sushi. I come here a few times a week with a variety of friends and all have loved it. The service had been awesome and specials are well within everybody's budget. Gotta try it!! Keep up the great stuff
5	The new ownership has really made great improvements. Everything is very high quality and for what you get, the prices are very good. The happy hour and lunch specials are really good deals. All of the people who work here are very friendly. I will definitely return.
4	Not bad for a sushi joint in the desert! Have to admit we purposely go during the slow times ( happy hour ) and sit at the sushi bar. Service has been "just ok" but the sashimi & sushi are good and priced well from 2pm - 4pm definitely a value and so close in Surprise.
5	Best sushi in town!!!! Great place to relax and watch the game!! Great customer service!!!!
1	My husband and I are fairly well versed in sushi restaurants.  This place is WAY overpriced and the food is subpar at best. They don't have a kids menu and they refused to make just a bowl of noodles for our 3 year old.  It took forever for service and then forever for our food.  The best tasting thing was the miso soup, bulgogi was bland, sushi was bland, calamari was overfried and just not good.  Service wasn't great either.  So overall we just spent $40 on a bland dinner and won't be coming back.  Sorely disappointed.
1	These guys at fresh wasabi microwaved my hamaichi Kama - scary!!!! Go to Sushi Brokers in Scottsdale for consistent and fresh sushi. Sorry this place does not cut it for me. Sushi rice was vinegary!
4	Ate here several times in the past weeks. Great every time. The rolls were really, really good. Nigiri was fine with generous cuts of fish. Loved the sake-bombs. Large (22oz) Ichiban beer with hot sake for $5.95! Very sweet people run this place. I'm a fan.
4	After writing my initial review, I was contacted by the manager of Fresh Wasabi (Billy). He asked that I come back in and order the same thing I ordered on my last visit. He explained that he would cover the bill, and that he wanted prove that the first bad experience was not the normal experience a customer would have. I took him up on his offer last night. I went in and ordered to the best of memory, what we had ordered on our last visit. I ordered 2 pieces of nigiri, a california roll, and their "Snow White" Roll. After I ordering I remembered exactly what I disliked on my first visit. Originally the size of the piece of fish on top of the nigiri was quite small. This time, however, if anything, the piece of fish was too big (a good problem to have in my opinion). Next came the california roll. It is a standard california roll, nothing to complain about, very average. The snow white roll is basically a spicy tuna roll topped with a small piece of white tuna and roe with a mustard soy sauce. I didn't care for this roll very much, but it was executed well. I remembered it from the first visit, and I was just not a huge fan of the flavor combination. Finally as an addendum to our order. Billy had us try a new roll. It contained a fried jalepeno and crab in the middle and was topped with siracha and a wasabi mayo. When I read the description, I was thinking it was going to be very spicy. I did not find it extremely spicy though. I found it a little more appealing than the "Snow White" roll. It had a similar taste to biting into deconstructed burger (Siracha = Ketchup, wasabi mayo = mayo, rice = bun, crab = meat). Overall, I will probably end up coming back in to the restaurant. I will most likely avoid the specialty rolls as I didn't particularly care for either of them and they are normally $10+ on the menu. However, I would probably sit at the sushi bar and order nigiri and the more basic rolls after explaining to the sushi chef that I prefer big cuts of fish on my nigiri. Billy went over and above to show that my first experience was not the norm and I appreciate the pride he showed in his restaurant. I would come back for lunch and for a staff that takes pleasing the customer seriously.
4	great value in yelp offer. just remember this is a business, in business. good fish costs bucks. respect it, folks. don't abuse it!DESPITE THE LOCATION, THIS SUSHI SPOT IS LEGIT!--great tako sunomono. tender and bittersweet. nice.--miso soup spot on.--salmon skin hand roll. ftw.#veg tempura was crispy but not flakey.squished in a corner of this impossible strip mall along the Bell Rd abyss of consumerism shopping hell, this jewel of a japanese eatery blesses the area with your favorites, prepared in proper japanese style.can't wait for my next meal there!
4	The sushi was tasty and the service was quick.  It's a small place and with just a little dining room, but it was comfortable and not too crowded.  Overall, it was a nice place for a casual dinner (and there are TVs with closed captioning for the sports nuts, but without the sports bar feel for the rest of us).
4	I like to call and order a cali roll to go when I am busy running errands and shopping, it is inexpensive, they make a cool cali roll, and they are nice and fast.
5	Finally Surprise AZ has a great Sushi hangout...  Loved it. Owners are super friendly and the Sushi is amazing.  The baked dish took a little long to cook,  but was worth it.  The Spicy Scallop on the A La Carte menu was fabulous.
3	I'm going to have to rate this an o.k. option for sushi.The fish is as fresh as you can get. Menu options are pretty standard & I have yet to get sick or find poor quality ingredients.  I have been to this restaraunt more than once, my best visit was when they first opened.Each encounter with staff has been positive, then again I don't ask for much but to be served what I ordered in a timely fashion.Their Miso Soup is tasty; not too salty and they tend to serve larger portions of seaweed in the soup, which I prefer.On this last visit I came in about a half hour to close and they were very polite, not trying to rush me at all.
5	yummy yummy
1	This place  is OFF my list. My husband and I went on a Friday night for dinner. The place was very busy. We were seated and waited at least 10 minutes for the waitress. We ordered and waited patiently. Everyone around us was getting their food more than 25 minutes later...we were still waiting. Finally someone came by and asked us if we had ordered. Give me a break!  I saw her go to the chefs who seemed to have misplaced our order sheet and were going to START  making it. At this point  we just left. The service is beyond deplorable.I suggest you look elsewhere for sushi.
3	Decent sushi. The specials could be better priced. But the food was good and comfortable atmosphere. If you like to indulge in a few adult beverages, it looked like they had some good specials in that department, but I was unable to partake at the time.
5	Loved it!  Great value, nice staff, extensive roll menu.  All-around good experience!
5	My husband and I have been coming here for years, it's our favorite sushi spot. Their fish is always fresh, and great service! We love their list of specialty rolls, lots to choose from! Although some rolls can be pricey, it is always worth it for good fish in your rolls. Their Hawaiian white tuna is one of my favorites (sashimi) and I love their Snow White roll with it too. My go to is always spicy Tuna! This is a great restaurant! Definitely try it out! They have great lunch specials and happy hour too!
3	I have eaten at Fresh Wasabi 4x now. I have to say that their rolls are very good, great quality. So if you're looking for sushi and/or rolls - it's great!  Also great is the hamachi kama appetizer - love it and get it every time. If you're looking for good teriyaki bento boxes - imo this is not the place. Also the crab puffs are clearly store bought and not in a good way. So, stick to their specialties and it's a go for Fresh Wasabi!
1	Called to place a carry out order and they said they couldn't take our order because they had "a full house" and promptly hung up before we could ask anything else.Horrible customer service! Definitely won't be back here and won't be recommending them either.
2	I received a restaurant.com gift certificate for Fresh Wasabi for Christmas and finally decided to use it tonight. Yes I know Christmas was 5 months ago.We brought another couple with us and I told them we needed to spend $100 to get the $50 per what the certificate had said. Other than that no restrictions. So we ordered ALOT of sushi rolls, edamame, gyoza and teriyaki chicken. The food was really good. We stuffed out faces and then we got our bill. We gave our waitress the certificate and debit cards. She then tells us that we cannot use that gift certificate even though there is NO expiration date and states the restaurant is responsible for the discount. We then try to use our Yelp check-in for the free appetizer. She tells us that's not for their location even when we show her where the address is on the deal.After all said and done we payed our full bill and left. We never would have ordered so much food if we knew they were going to refuse the gift certificate. The customer service was awful and unfortunately that is swaying my opinion of them. I will more than likely never go back because I'm pretty angry over my experience.
5	our favorites are the miso soup, mermaid and baked lobster roll! I take my kids here often, we love it!  The atmosphere is nice, the kids enjoy sitting and watching them make the rolls.  The lunch specials are very affordable the customer service is great.  very clean too!
4	Sushi rolls were very good.  I would recommend the dynamite roll.  Only had one guy helping during dinner rush.  He hustled and did a good job.
4	You have to try The Little Mermaid.
5	This place was great! We used the yelp deal and the check in special. We had 3 specialty rolls, an order of dumplings and an order of calamari and our bill was $17. ($15 for the yelp deal + $17 on the actual bill = $32.) We saved almost 50% and the food was fantastic. We will definitely return.
1	Food is good. Customer service sucks!!
2	Sushi was okay. It didnt taste as fresh as I would have liked and maybe that was because of the temperature of it. The owner was very friendly and its just a small simple place but i would not recommend to go for any of the simpler rolls. Only get specialty bc the imitation crab in the California for example was very disappointing. Also not a great alcohol selection. Basic beers and house wines available, but luckily they did have Blue Moon. Sake bombs are cheap and definitely worth it! Had no problems using the yelp deal though. Maybe i'll return sometime, not sure.
1	Food is ok but more upset that they add 10 percent gratuity  to all takeout orders. That should be my choice. Not thrilled!
2	The flavor is there but the rolls are ridiculously small... Even with the yelp coupon it was a rip off... I have never been to any sushi restaurant and had rolls that's small. I won't ever come here again.
2	I was REALLY hungry, so I called in three rolls to go. When I got home with them, I found them to be so small that it made me angry. For $35, I got a tiny appetizer. I've never seen rolls made so small. I had to call and have a pizza sent to my room for dinner. I eat sushi all the time.
3	The rolls are on the small side. We ordered the red dragon roll and the maki combo with green tea. The green tea was very good. The salad was nice and cold and the soup was hot and filled with tofu. The salmon and tuna was very good, everything else was ok. There was hardly any sauce on the red dragon roll. The rice also seemed extra sticky. Service was great and extremely fast.
3	Was in Sun City West and this was one of the most-reviewed places (almost 100) so I checked it out.Hostess girl was nice but timid. Told her I would sit at the sushi bar, she got me a drink and was very courteous.Sushi chef greeted me and asked if I had questions. I asked him to recommend maybe a sashimi and a specialty roll. He didn't seem too excited, so I asked what he was having for lunch :)He then wrinkled his nose and said he doesn't eat here. So I laughed and asked what he WOULD order. He said he didn't like raw fish, only cooked fish. His name is An, and I asked him how he could be a sushi chef and hate sushi. Said he didn't hate it, just didn't like it.So he asked me if I wanted something deep-fried and I said yes. He made it quickly and handed it to me.I asked him for a few pieces of sashimi and after discussing choices with his co-worker, the co-worker in English asked if I wanted the 8 piece sampler. I said yes!In between getting my items, the co-worker handed me a specialty roll with shrimp on the ends, and said that they had already made it, so it was on the house. It was tasty and was the perfect temperature.The specialty roll and the deep-fried roll were both tasty. Sashimi had no sauce and I didn't finish one of the pieces because it wasn't good. Will not order sashimi here again, but I have had some awesome sashimi from Ra Sushi that had great sauces and texture.Might come back to see the other sushi chef again :)
5	Staff is great food is AWESOME! I love this place .... They are so welcoming even hug some frequent customers. 1 time a different female served us she was not the nicest but still love the place she not there too much ... Highly recommended !! Most items are big enough for two people to share I love this place my boyfriend and I both do!!
4	My husband and I love this place. It isn't our favorite sushi spot in the West Valley, but it's close to our home (about a mile), so we like to walk up here when the weather is nice. Yes, some of the rolls are small. I actually like that, as I really watch my portion sizes, but I suppose if you want a big meal, you might have to take this into account and order more. The food is delicious, and we have no complaints there. Service is always good and they are fast. The owner (I assume he is the owner anyway) is really sweet. It's pretty quiet on the weeknights we come here, which is nice, but I wouldn't mind having it be busier because I'd hate to see this place go! I do see quite a bit of people get take out, however. Tip: Sometimes there is a coupon on the back of Fry's receipts!
5	I am visiting from California for one week and so glad I found Fresh Wasabi in Surprise!  I was there early evening on a Tuesday night. The owner greeted me and actually made me feel that I was dining at a friend's house. The service was flawless and the food spectacular. I ordered the Cherry Blossom Role and it was delicious. The salmon sushi was the freshest, sweetest fish I have eaten at a sushi bar in a long time. I fly this afternoon back to Ca. and I will eat at Fresh Wasabi again before I drive to the airport!
4	Great sushi. Service can be a little hit or miss though.
4	Great food, fast service and the staff are in a great mood. This is my second time and will be back often.
3	Food is good and service has been ok. A little on the expensive side. But if you really want sushi, etc. Fresh Wasabi is better than Hayashi, Ah-So, and Ichi Ban.
3	I bought the deal offered and the free appetizer was worth the check in.  Not the best sushi for lunch.
4	Sushi is wonderful, nice place to go to lunch if your not in a hurry.  Customer service could be a little better however I feel like they are understaffed.  Love the fact that you can call in a to go order!
3	The sushi is really good but the rolls are way too small for the price. Friendly service.
5	Some of the best sushi in the area, and that is saying something considering how much of these places exist. Their weekday lunch special bento boxes (a lot of food) are a great value and service is always fast. They have a large selection of specialty rolls that are amazing, as well as great combo dinner plates. This place has left me satisfied every time I have visited, definitely worth checking out.
5	Loved it! Many places don't give you that much fish and a lot of rice in their rolls, but the ratio of fish-to-rice was perfect! A great balance. Flavors were some of the best we've had in the valley. We recommend "Cherry Blossom". Definitely will be returning
5	Wonderful spicy sushi. Normally disappointed in spice. Hidden gem in Surprise, AZ. Authentic.
1	I tried this place since its the closest place to my home but I have to say I was disappointed with the quality and portion size of their sushi rolls for the cost. I much rather drive several miles to Nakama on McDowell Rd in Goodyear!
3	I went here the other day for lunch and the food was ok. Definitely not the best sushi I've ever had. The menu is pretty much just like any other sushi place. Nothing special. The staff was very friendly and provided me with great service. I will probably go back because there is not many sushi places in surprise.
3	Fresh Wasabi was ok for the price.  Not amazing but good value overall.
4	Good place for sushi. Everything was very fresh and the presentation was beautiful.  The only suggestion I would make would be to have a small children's menu.
3	A local spot recommended by a friend. Sushi was great. I'm a fan of "The Little Mermaid" sushi dish. My husband likes this place and the coupon for buy $15 to spend $25 helped alot. It was almost like getting a free dish. Chicken fried rice is horrible and I wouldn't order anything else besides Sushi here.
5	Visit here often and it's always great. The service is great. The food is always great and decently priced. The rolls are a good size. We are always taken care of very well and I love this place.
5	my mother and I have been coming to this resturant since it opened. we have never had bad experience with customer care or quality of food.
4	Good rolls. The waitress was great at suggesting some new rolls for us.  We have had a little bit of a wait when we try to come here at other times.  But overall this is a safe bet for some sushi!
5	Love this place! Food is great and the staff is always very nice. Food take a little bit to come out but other than that, sushi is really good!
5	BEST SUSHI IN TOWN. It's the only place I go. My friends and I love Fresh Wasabi. And $5.95 sake bombs...YUM!
5	The sushi here is amazing.  Had the Red Dragon Roll, Dynamite Roll, and Tempura Mix with a Sake Bomb.  This place is Surprise's best-kept secret.
5	Amazing! Super quick service, and super amazing food. Would definitely recommend to anyone craving good sushi.
