5	Whilst the Fringe Festival is still here, go to No Fit State's pop-up Big Top tent and see their show, Bianco. It's simply stunning.The Big Top Tent is as much part of the show as the performers themselves. The backdrop to the show, given that the audience are part of the show means that where they stand is part of the whole experience. It's a Big Top tent as I imagine they would have been in the older days, when circuses were still top entertainment news. As you enter, the smell of popcorn wafts in all its butter-drenched glory. The bar has members of the circus serving. The band up the back (who were my favourite part of the entire show) stand in bare feet on a small stage, with a variety of instruments. In the middle of the Big Top is a giant cage-like structure with thin material draped over. Throughout the show these massive structures are moved around, and people go up and down the large structural poles. It feels both industrial and ethereal.I won't review the show itself. But the Big Top Tent is part of the show, almost living and breathing itself. As others mentioned, there are no seats. Standing only, but you move around, are encouraged to walk around, shuffled in and out of the centre and to the sides, to make room for the ever changing, evolving and dynamic set.If you have one evening left to dedicate to the Fringe, then make it Bianco and make it the NoFit State Fringe tent. Bravo Bianco, bravo.
5	New Fringe 2014 - Their Show BIANCO is updated with additional acts and going strong. We visited on Tuesday 28 July 2014 for their very first performance of the 2014 Edinburgh Fringe. It was amazing. simply put they pull out all the stops. Trapeze, trampoline, penny farthings, hula hoops, rings, cages, climbing ropes, high jinxes, counter balance, juggling, music, singing and a lot of moving about. They use just about everything you see in the big top tent, including the supporting pylons. The whole set up is a mixture of Vaudeville travelling theatre shows, athletics and a bit of Victoriana thrown in. Although they are a Welsh troupe of performers, the show is (mostly) narrated in French. It is full of energy and at times breathtaking.On certain performances I think I even forgot to applaud and just stood there agape..If you get a chance to score some tickets, then this is a must see!Remember you need to be prepared to be moved about by ushers. They are moving you all around the tent and this gives you the opportunity to see acts from different angles and perspectives.
