1	A Vivint representative came by my house on 15JUL14. They talked me through how SRP was being regulated to have more of their power from solar and that the government had released grants to have solar installed on personal residences at no charge to the residents to meet their regulated solar quota. Supposedly SRP sent out some notice about this but I don't recall ever getting it.I also looked up this initiative/mandate and really couldn't find anything. Hmpf.Reduced electric bills are something that everyone should want - green or not - so naturally I was interested. I entertained the representative - I signed up for them to come out and survey my house/roof to see where and how they could install panels for 17JUL14 from 14:00 to 17:00.No call. No show.I don't know about you, but if a company can't even show up to survey your house when they say they will be there then I'm not really sure if you want them installing stuff on your roof or being your power company.Furthermore, their practices reminded me of my experience with Moxie pest control. A Moxie representative came around and part of their sell was to list off other residents who also had ordered down to the point of pointing them out and calling their names out. I don't care for this practice - I don't have any right to know who is getting what done to their house and I don't think a business has any right to disclose that information either. If your product/service is good enough then it should speak for itself.You shouldn't have to throw a power of numbers guilt trip on me to get me to jump on the bandwagon.It seems that other Yelp reviews for Vivint (used to be a security company) are also bad, even down to BBB complaints. So if they are the same company, you may want to do your research before jumping in bed with them. The initiative may be real but it doesn't seem to me that Vivint is too serious about doing what they say.EDIT: I received a call on Thursday saying I missed my appointment. I also came home to find a door hanger saying they missed me. I went home and found the paperwork and it clearly stated "Wednesday 17th." Again, same thing applies as before - if you can't keep your appointments straight then this really hurts your credibility.
5	A vivint rep came to my home..did all the work...and did it in a professional manner. Other solar companies...not so.  These guys are the best. Stephen Jew..stephen.jew@vivint solar is the go to guy. He is professional and courteous! Please give him the chance to assist you in lowering your electric bills here in Arizona!
5	Vivint is a very bright and upcoming company. They are very kind and respectful and got my system installed sooner then they told me they would. Nothing like saving some money especially here in Arizona where the cost can get so high. Im saving about $80 a month and im so excited. I would recommend them to everyone and already do.
