4	I just joined a gym! With all the gluttonous eating I do, it's probably a good thing. Oh and all the baking and the cooking and the general love of food....Anyway, my boyfriend and I noticed this Plant Fitness was opening up last month and we decided to see what it was all about. Unfortunately last month they were still under construction so we could not actually see the inside of the gym. We decided not to join based on the fact we couldn't actually take a tour of the facility. This was unfortunate because they were doing an amazing deal $1 start-up fee and $10 a month. $10 a month!! That's crazy cheap for a gym. Anyway, my boyfriend just so happened to see that this month they had extended the deal! We went in yesterday and signed right up.The gym is welcome to all types of people. I get the feeling it is more of a family oriented place. It's not for grunters or body-builders. The majority of the gym is for cardio with body-building and ab workout equipment dispersed around the outside. There is also a 30-minute workout center which you can do when you gotta make a quick trip to the gym.I really like their mottos they have here. One sign said "We're here to kiss your butt, not kick it... unless that's what you want!" I love it! This is because I honestly HATE HATE HATE going to the gym and exercising. I will admit it! I really do not enjoy it. BUT I know I have to do something to stay active and keep the pounds off. It's a trade off I guess. I eat like a Roman elite and then I have to go work it off. I hope Planet Fitness stays this way, because I have a feeling it will be a very good gym for me and my boyfriend.
5	All fitness, all the time in a low-pressure, no harassment environment? Please and thank you!After making a monthly donation to 24 Hour Fitness for roughly a year, I decided my money would be better spent on shoes and other non-necessities, so went gym-free for about 2 years before Ashley B. brought to my attention the glory that is Planet Fitness. $10 a month? This couldn't be true. Anti-gym rat attitude. This couldn't be true. Friendly non-judgmental staff? This doesn't sound like any gym I'd ever been to.I signed up online- a quick and painless process- and showed up to the gym about a month later (it took me a while to get motivated). The day I arrived it was crazy busy, so I had to wait a minute to get my information verified and a gym card which comes in nice and convenient keyring form. While waiting I had a chance to take in the place, which even while busy had plenty of machines open which was nice to see.The weights area can get crowded by nature because they don't have several of each machine like the cardio section does. However, if you are getting out of control-grunting, impersonating the hulk, excessive and self-centered weight exercises-the staff will reign you in with the "lunk alarm" which will go off and humiliate anyone who is displaying inappropriate gym behavior. I like, no I LOVE this. People come to the gym to get fit, not to listen to you huff and puff and re-enact scenes from Rocky. So if you want to act like an caveman, go to 24 Hour.The staff is so friendly and I never feel intimidated or pressured by them to do anything I don't want to like "invest" in personal training or nutrition sessions. Those services are available if you  need that extra accountability or guidance. I'm not knocking it, it's just not for me, but I like that it's available and not shoved in your face all the time.I'm not going to say I love working out. I hate it. I'd rather be at home eating grilled cheese sandwiches and watching Judge Judy rather than working up a sweat and watching CNN. But because I don't want to die in the immediate future, getting exercise has to be a part of my lifestyle. Planet Fitness makes it just a touch simpler!
1	To all those who join Planet Fitness, make sure that you read your contract!!! I thought that my contract automatically ended in 1 year and it did not, according to Planet Fitness your contract renews itself month to month after 1 year; Planet Fitness "Say" that they review your contract with you, and they do not, so make sure you understand your contract!!!
2	I've been with Planet fitness since they started expanding on the west coast. I just recently moved to Las Vegas and enrolled at this location. The gym it self is always clean and neat the only thing I have a problem with is the front desk staff. I'm used to the staff always greeting me when I walk in and saying "have a great night" once I walk out. The only courteous staff member that does this is the young man working up front. The two females that "work" there are always too busy talking about all the "cute" men that walk in and out. Instead of doing their job and helping or greeting the people at the door they are too busy flirting and mingling with these meat heads. It's a little pathetic and unprofessional but this seems to be what I walk into every time I workout here. I'm pretty disappointed every time I come to this place. I'm sure the franchise owner wouldn't be too happy to hear about this current situation. Shame on you front desk take your thirst else where!
4	This gym alone is alright.  What makes me mad the most is people are using the 30 minute express machines out of order. And they just sit there. It's annoying.  At this gym you can use the hydro massage table for only 7 minutes. At the the other gyms they're 10 minutes.  I don't understand why this one is different. Another issue is kids. This is not a day care! It's been let known that you cannot bring your children.  The tanning rooms are a A+. Overall this gym is clean and put together nicely.
3	I'm getting really irritated with this gym. I was doing the 30 minute express workout area in ORDER like you suppose to do.  I was almost finished and the dude plops down on the machine I was supposed to be on and just sits there and texts. (This is not the first time this has happened) he didn't even do anything let alone go in ORDER when you're supposed to.  I asked him to move nicely and he said he didn't speak English.  That's besides the point.  So I lost out on doing the orderly fashion of a simple workout that was intended to be only in ORDER. PLEASE FIX THIS.
2	WAY TOO CROWDED! If you're looking to try any free weights, good luck finding a spot. They pack this gym in to capacity. Unless you want to workout at 1am. I gladly paid the penalty for canceling my membership early.
3	This planet fitness location in particular does not have a huge variety of equipment ( stair master) and is a bit small. There's also a ton of perverts , but that's everywhere .Three stars for the staff, they are always attentive and very nice ! This location is always extremely clean and the staff is on top of wiping down equipment and making sure other people do as well. I wish that the hours were A bit longer during the weekend ! Overall good gym for a great price !
4	This gym is conveniently located close to my house and as far as gyms go, it works for me, It's open 24/5 and closes at seven on the weekends. It generally not overly crowded like other gyms I've been too. The price is right and the employees/fellow  members keep the place clean. Which I greatly apreciateThe only reason I gave it a four over a five is that its not open 24/7.
4	Just started going to the gym for about 2 weeks at this location.  staff is friendly. If u go at 7 good luck but its ALWAYS clean. Use to go to the one off 215 and rainbow but they are so lazy. I like that they open 24hrs mon-fri I really dont go on weekends so not sure about the hrs. When I go to the gym restrooms clean. Locker room clean. And I mean yes people always looking around but that's everywhere I would give them 5 stars but sometimes staff is to focus on conversations then checking people in or saying bye like the membership says it should. Don't happen to often. Like working out here feel very comfortable
