4	Looking for a CU Shared Branch location? This is one I recommend. It's got good parking and an easy to access ATM if you want to get off I-215 in a hurry, pull your cash and then get back on I-215. If you go inside you will find friendly and helpful staff. Some locations seem to look down on shared branch members, but not here. You can get service with a smile, and without any attitude. There's hardly any lines either at least when I've been there. Their ATM also accepts shared branch deposits....which can be hard to find. Overall, 4 stars.
1	Maybe it was just a bad day, but it was absolutely horrible...  The lady who was helping me to open an account was not friendly at all.  No smile or anything!  She acted like if she wanted to go home, so I left and went to Bank of America.  They made my day!!!
4	Friendly and efficient, what not to like? parking was good, i would give it a 5 star if exiting the parking lot was not confusing, hahaha
1	I've seen the customer service here decline each and every time I've been here over the last 2 years. They will disrespect your time and refuse to explain the delay. I tried to speak with the branch manager who did little more than offer a hollow apology. Not likely to return.
1	This review is for the West Sahara branch. Every time I attempted to make a transaction with this branch there was a new manager to deal with. The tellers were friendly and efficient, but when transactions mattered the most, I give them "F". My savings and checking accounts were linked from the beginning. When I requested a transfer from another financial institution from my savings account and the funds were in checking, Credit Union 1 RETURNED the transfer for NSF. (I have NEVER had a NSF check previously at any banking institution!) Then, they transferred funds from checking to cover the $29 NSF charge. I was charged $25 from the other financial institution for a total of $54 when the money was in the bank with linked accounts. When I called and received yet another manager, he used a lame excuse that transfers only work from savings to checking, not checking to savings. He refused to provide a refund for the NSF charge even when I explained I would close my account if he did not refund the NSF charge.  He chose to close both my accounts rather than be professional and fair.  I would NEVER recommend this savings account to anyone!!!
