4	This is a great place for a standard- issue bacon and eggs breakfast. A freindly and efficient staff handles tables inside and out with grace and humor. Clearly the plethora of regulars speak volumes about the quality of the food and the service.
4	The four of us had a wonderful breakfast on their outdoor patio. The august 31st temperature is a cool 85 degrees.  Great coffee, home fries, and biscuits!  The gravy is great for the biscuits, but they are a little too proud of their gravy when it comes to price.
3	I'm surprised more people haven't written a review for this place.  I have been eating here since I was about 11, but hadn't been here in years.  The restaurant itself is very small, but there are a lot of seats outside.  My husband had the Mountaineer that included biscuits, gravy, eggs, country fries, and a cinnamon bun.  The cinnamon bun was delicious, and hot.  There was so much frosting on top, it made my teeth hurt.  The country fries were hot, fresh and crispy.  As for the biscuits and gravy...TO.DIE.FOR.  The gravy is the best tasting gravy I have ever had.  I had a cheese and ham omelette, but wasn't impressed.  The meal was hot, but the eggs weren't fluffy and they didn't put enough cheese in the omelette.  I would eat here again, but would get the Mountaineer or just Cinnamon Bun the next time around.  The service was good, quick and friendly.
5	Great old skool place. I've been coming here for breakfast off and on for 16 years. Warning: they don't got skillet specials, they don't got crepes. What they have is good old fashioned Bacon and eggs, biscuits and gravy and cinnamon rolls that barely fit in the to-go box. It all smacks of homemade goodness. The woman that served us has been the same person over the years, she is friendly and attentive so the coffee never grows cold. $20 for 2 orders of eggs/meat/potatoes/biscuits and gravy/cinnamon bun can't be beat.Rolling through Cave Creek makes me a little sad these days, nothing but a tourist trap now, but the BMCS was here way back when there were nothing but cowboys around. The biscuits and gravy are awesome, get the cinnamon roll to go because It's FRIGGIN UGE! Nice ambiance and view as well. Don't pass it up.
3	Cute place, atmosphere wise, and friendly staff.  A LOT of regulars here.  Beyond those two factors though, it's just an average meal.  Biscuits were dense and chewy, and homefries seem homemade.  Prices fair for the area.  Parking is ok, but seating is very limited, especially in summer months.
4	LOVE the coffee, prefer it to C4's, a nice, robust, full flavor. Great food, simple, plain fare, but done well and done fast. There is an option to sit outside in a patio area between buildings, so it is fairly secluded and peaceful. It is also dog friendly (as well as biker friendly), so if you and man's (or woman's) best friend fancy a breakfast break together and perhaps hang out with the newspaper, this would make an excellent venue.Does NOT take debit / credit cards, cash or check only.
4	Have lived in cave creek 20 yrs. This is the only place we like for breakfast/ lunch in the area. Most of our neighbors prefer Blk Mtn too.Quite reasonable compared to others, and not outstanding, but plain good food at a good price.  outdoor seating a definite plus. We always take out of town guests here and have had no complaints, just compliments.
4	I'm a regular at BMCS. The menu is comfort food--great breakfasts and lunches with all your faves like grilled cheese, patty melts, fish sandwich, great waffle fries and onion rings. Elizabeth, the amazing server, is a treasure and  why I  keep coming back! It's a diner with all the quirks and trimmings. One of the best things about Carefree, for sure. Eat here and get a taste of the local flavor.
5	Great breakfast food!  Small, cozy and a fun place to meet friends up in Carefree, AZ.  Seating indoors and outdoors.  There is a very small section for pets, so if you have a dog, there is a separate patio area with two small tables.  First come first serve but well worth it if Fido likes to eat with you!
4	Good food and pretty dog friendly. Cash only.
3	Tucked in the little town of Carefree in the Spanish Village, you could blink and miss the Black Mountain Coffee Shop, but you won't miss the aroma of the fresh food wafting out the door. On a beautiful Sunday morning, sitting on the patio was a real treat!  Oh, how I wanted to order a cinnamon roll, but it just isn't on my diet . . . so I ordered my old standby, an omelet with mushrooms, a side of rye toast and the breakfast potatoes. (Not really on my diet either!) Where other restaurants might have charged upwards of $10 for that breakfast, BMCS charged a mere $6.75 . . . a bargain which made my meal even tastier! Hubby had the Grubsteak, a plate piled high with chicken fried steak, potatoes, two eggs and instead of the usual biscuits, an english muffin. That, too, was made even more delicious by the $7.95 price tag.  It looks like they cater to quite a few regulars as people were coming and going, chatting up the waitresses, carrying out boxes, etc. Black Mountain Coffee Shop has a real neighborhood friendly appeal, and the coffee was good, and cheap! Refills were a little slow, but it was an especially busy morning as it was the last day of the Art and Wine Festival. We've got to go back just to try the biscuits and cinnamon rolls -- when I'm ready to splurge!
4	Best biscuits and gravy in town!
4	Cute place!  HUGE portions!  The cinnamon roll was AMAZING according to my daughter.  The pancakes were so huge that even my teenage son couldn't finish.  The biscuits and gravy were "different".  It wasn't bad, I just didn't like it.  They used ham or something other than sausage.  The over medium eggs were cooked to perfection, as was the bacon-and what a generous portion of bacon it was!  The biscuits were fluffy.  It was an excellent value! The 4 of us ate like kings for 25 bucks!  If you try this place.....cash or check only.  Thank goodness I had my checkbook.  I will definitely return.  Oh and the waitress and staff were very nice. Doggies are welcome too!  They even had treats for them!  My kids really liked it too.
5	Black Mountain Coffee Shop in Spanish Village near the Sundial in Carefree, AZ. is a fantastic ma and pa type restaurant.  I've been going there for breakfast and lunch since the 70's and it is so good that you'll see many of the same people there day after day after day.  I LOVE the breakfasts, the food comes out smokin" hot in large portions and good quality.  These guys can really cook!  Fast and efficient servers and moderate prices make this a good value for your buck.  You'll never find a more personable owner than Shelly and she really keeps this place on the A+ level.  Don't miss out on this, it's great!!Russ C, Carefree, AZ.
5	THE best coffee in Phoenix! Great breakfast menu, prompt service, nice outside seating area, pet friendly.
2	Food was disappointing. Hash browns were pre-formed, like the kind you get from McDonalds. I don't understand how this place has such high marks. Maybe it's gone downhill recently. I don't recommend.
2	Not sure what all the fuss is about. Weak coffee, dry biscuits, and flavorless gravy.   If you're not a regular you will wait longer than necessary for service. Food does come out ridiculously fast though.  I actually waited longer for service than my food once I placed my order.  Cash or check only
4	Quick friendly service. The place is a little tight bit the coffee and omelette were great. We will for sure be back
4	Yummy food!
2	Wasn't clean and flies all over the place. Placed an order for wife but I don't think their customer service is that great. Lady wasn't that friendly.
