3	After hearing all the raves and rants from our Asian friends, I checked out the Mekong Plaza today, and of course had to start tasting every single restaurant on that premise.unPHOgettable was our first choice, because bf wanted Pho. He got Pho with raw beef, I got the combo rice plate (eggroll, grilled pork chop and jumbo chicken wing). We shared spring rolls for appetizer.Spring rolls show quality. Each roll was packed with thin slices of pork, and 3 good size shrimps. There was not a lot of herbs, just shredded lettuce. While I was impressed by the amount of pork and shrimp, the roll tasted dry and not very refreshing. It felt "over-stuffed" if it makes any sense.The Pho was alright. Their stock was oily. Most Pho restaurants I've been to here in the US use "clear" stock. Even in Vietnam, my family and I specifically avoid the "oily stock" (you have 2 options: clear or oily). The taste overall was... alright. It felt like it was missing something. It tasted good at the tip of the tongue, but ended there. It was not flavorful enough to make you "want to slurp down the whole bowl" - said bf.The rice was, again, alright. It came with a small bowl of soup (which is the stock for egg-noddle soup. It's pretty oily as well). The chicken wing would have tasted better had they not batter-fried it. The pork chop was tender and flavorful however. Overall experience was OK. We were full, but feeling unsatisfied.Price range: appetizers are about $3.50, main entrees are about $8.50
2	Hitting Mekong last night to try all the new restaurants we started here because they have Mi Bo Kho (beef stew with egg noodles), one of my favorites. So we ordered that as well as the egg rolls.. we almost started laughing when the egg rolls come out.. they were served with 2 pathetic pieces of warm iceberg lettuce and no herbs.. wtf?! While the rolls and the fish sauce tasted good they were greasy and without the romaine and herbs, ordinary.  The Mi Bo Kho arrived.. I was surprised to see about a half inch of oil on the top of the stew, I like some oil content but this was ridiculous! The stew tasted like it was made from a base and not from scratch.. had this weird fake beef taste. The meat was so fatty and not very well cooked. The meat was so stringy that it got caught between my teeth. We finished sharing the dishes.. what a complete disappointment.. don't worry Da Vang, they have nothing on you!
3	It was neat being able to ride the train over to Mekong Market to finally check the place out. I like Vietnamese food, and thought this would be a great place to try.My opinion remains mixed of this place after a day of thinking about it. The service is flat out odd. They just walk up and stare at you, as if they are waiting for the next command. No how many for lunch, what do you want for lunch, etc. They just look at you. I enjoyed my lunch well enough, but what killed it for me and pretty much decided two things is they had shredded lettuce in my dish, and the price. I know the rent here is higher, but it was about 2-3 more than most Vietnamese restaurants per entree.
2	Had the Pho Tai there.  Service wasn't bad, but the food was overpriced and medicore.  You're better off going somewhere else nearby like Khai Hoan or Pho Thanh.
3	Spicy pho with beef, pork hock, and tendon was very good, if a little fatty on the first visit.  The server noticed I'd picked off the fat and tendon pieces and told me that the tendon was good for the joints- it's the main reason consumers of this style of soup order it.  I told her the main reason I picked them off is bec., visually, the pieces look like fat, and I don't like to chew or swallow pieces of fat.  I managed to salvage some of the tendon to take home.  I'm trying to acquire a taste for them...LOVED the che bau mau (tri-color bean with coconut milk frozen dessert ($3).  It usually comes with green jelly strings, but I always ask to leave them out.  On my second visit, I took a friend with me and we shared a plate of spring rolls- 2 pieces of  fresh rolls containing pork and shrimp, vermicelli noodles, lettuce, and spring onions wrapped in rice wrapper and served with peanut sauce (I requested mine w/out shrimp).  Honestly, I've had better at other restaurants, including the one across from Un-Pho-Gettable, Com Tam.  This version contained more noodles than meat (Com Tam's version includes a crunchy aspect of pork rind stick!), but I did enjoy the peanut sauce.
5	UnPHOgettable is absolutely phenomenal and the service staff goes out of their way to educate newbies to Vietmanese food such as myself.  For example, Alexander C may not have been educated as to how to properly enjoy his shrimp and pork stuffed egg rolls.  My server showed my how to wrap the hot and crispy egg rolls in a piece of crunchy cool iceburg with pickled carrot and onion and dip it into the sweet fish sauce with added spicy red pepper sauce.  The contrasting hot/ cold and sweet/spicy elements came together in a refreshingly unique way.  Go in with an open mind and if you like, the staff is ready to provide you with a first class education on how to enjoy the flavors of Vietnam.  Lesson #1: unlike Thai food, Vietmanese food is typically not spicy (hot).  I would recommend unPHOgettable to everyone!
4	Ate here tonight with some friends and the pho was very good. Service was very friendly and helpful also. It was my first visit to the Mekong Plaza and I look forward to trying the rest of the resturants here.  Looked around the market waiting for one of my friends to arrive, lots of cool stuff for good prices alot like Lee Lee's.
5	The pho here is the best in Phoenix area. It will rivals many pho houses in California. The Vietnamese community is growing. And so is the taste for good pho. The broth, in the pho, here is all from scratch and no shortcuts. You can really taste the balance of flavors of anise, cinnamon, etc. If your not familiar with Vietnamese food. You don't have to worry. The service staff will politely educate you in the proper way to enjoy any dish. If your looking for new pho house or looking to try Vietnamese food. Come here
4	Its hard to find real good Pho in town. And this place makes it alot easier. This is place has great vietnamese food. It will make your mouth watery. Typical L.A. asian atmosphere as far as style of the restaurant. But its not really expected when you walk into most asian restaurants. However, what is expected is the food and it is delicious here. An extremely friendly place. Typical asian family working behind the counter.Un-phogettable surely lives up to its reputation! My only problem is that it closes too early.  but I understand for the family reasons.
5	Great service, a little more upscale than a traditional Vietnamese restaurant. English speaking (a plus!) But, because it is a little bit on the nicer side...the price of a bowl of Pho is pricier. Not by much- just a couple bucks.
4	This was my first Pho experience... When we went in we were promptly greeted and seated. We told our server that it was our first time (*blush*). She was really cool and recommended some traditional dishes. I chose the rare steak with flank Pho and my friend had the chicken Pho. It Arrived very quickly and it was steaming hot with a beautiful side plate of goodies to add. The server even mixed up our sauce for us. The servings are huge and a good value for the price. I took half of mine home. I will be back! Go Pho!
5	We go here at least once a week, for the great food and wonderful service. Everyone there goes out of their way to make sure everything is to your liking. We have to give it 5 stars.
4	Service makes this place a spot you want to visit once or twice or...many more. I had a rice noodle soup with pork and shrimp. You can order the one that comes with all, but my friends didn't enjoy it as much as I did mine. Good decoration and every thing tasted really good!
5	Great pho very nice staff and owner. Right next to a huge Asian market.
3	I love Pho. I love mekong plaza and its potential. Anyway- unPhogettable is a nice place to spend your Saturday after stocking up on Asian groceries. What I like about this place is how personable and amazingly friendly the wait staff are. Service was impeccable. The pho was great- me, my sisters and grandma got a variation of different noodle dishes. We did one with seafood, one with tendon, and one with rare flank steak. We also ordered thai iced tea and vietnamese coffee. All of those were good, but not the best. One thing that I didn't like very well were the fresh spring rolls. I am used to the pho places in Atlanta serving fresh spring rolls with mint inside, and with bigger pieces of shrimp and meat. So overall- food was okay, but service was amazing.
3	So I came to meet a friend around Mekong Plaza and she recommended us to eat here. I love pho, and usually don't have any complaints. I had the rare flank steak, and friend had the seafood pho (this one isn't on the menu, but if you ask, they'll accommodate!) . She enjoyed hers a lot, and mine was a-ok, I'd say I've experienced better ones, with more flavorful broth, and thinner-cut beef. However, the service was outstanding!! Our waiter was very attentive, and made some good recommendations that made me wanna go back for some other ones!
1	Their pho is the worst I had in the az area.  with respect to the other rave review, their only saving grace is good service, esp for people who had not had vietnamese food before, as their servers do speak better english and because they are not crowded usually, they would have more time and patience to explain the food to you.  The reason why they are not crowded is because they are located in a vietnamese/asian centric mall with large crowds of asians shopping for food and groceries at the mekong supermarket, and they know a good pho from a bad one.  Trust me I am asian :)   Going here would be like a vegetarian going to texas roadhouse and having them cook up a steak and try to explain to you the fine art of grilling aged beef.  If you are at the Mekong plaza area, and U need some vietnamese food, go to the other vietnamese restaurant that is directly across from them, I can't recall the name, but they have a large menu full of rice dishes and stuff.  U can order like noodle items too, I love their dry house special noodles there.  If you are new to vietnamese food and would like an intro, I guess this place might work, so 1 star for that.  there are a lot of other places U can go to like Khai Hoang, Dat Vang or even Saigon.
5	I've been to Unphogettable at least a dozen times in the past 8-9 months. and absolutely LOVE it. Their food is relatively healthy in comparison to other Asian cuisine restaurants and the Pho is AMAZING....I've eaten at Da Vang about 4-5 times and this place is MUCH better. The broth in the Pho is flavored perfectly and the meat is oh so tender. I always get the #4 Pho with brisket and the #17 egg rolls, both of which are amazing. The food is delicious, but it's the service that really makes this place. After having visited only 2-3 times, the owners now recognize me and my family when we come in and helpfully explain how to eat the food to maximize the experience. The prices are reasonable, the food is good, and the service is top notch.
5	unPhogettable was a great restaurant! I was particularly happy to see that they have three vegetarian dishes under a separate vegetarian menu heading. They can also make vegetarian pho with vegetable stock. They have vegetarian spring rolls and crispy spring rolls. I ordered the vegetarian flat noodles, my mother ordered the vegetarian pho, and my husband ordered the vermicelli noodles with shrimp. We got an order of vegetarian spring rolls to share. Everything was excellent! The owners were super friendly and the service was fast and courteous. I love the fact that they have various sauces and utensils at the table so that you can experiment with flavors without having to keep asking the waiter to bring you over some more sauce. We will definitely be back!
4	I've been trying to look for a suitable substitute for pho here, since I eat it back home all the time. Compared to all the other places in the pheonix/glendale area I've been to, this is probably the best pho place and it's about 30 min from where I live. It's not as good as the pho in the bay area, but it tastes close enough. The servers are really nice and the restaurant is clean which is a plus, since most pho places that taste really good are kind of dirty, and mom and pop-like, similar in Vietnam. Since I'm vietnamese, it works in my favor ( I feel like I get more food and more quickly too). We came in a huge group and they reserved a table for us (unlike most vietnamese places which get you in and out as quickly as possible!) Most of us got pho, we shared spring rolls, and some others got bbq rice plates and bun bo hue (Spicy beef noodle). They even brought out the special onions to put in the pho (by request only). I think some got the special desserts and liked them as well. We all left really happy and most of us are from california so we know what good pho is ;)
4	UnPhogettable- a poemTrying new things can be oh so frightfulso it helps to have owners that are oh so delightfulStart out with springs rolls to begin the meal,I liked the peanut sauce so much that I let out a squeal!And ah the pho, the main show if you will, both my tummy and soul it did fill.I've also had their chicken dishes a time or two,those are quite good if soup's not for you.The lighting is dim and the tables lack in style,but once you get past that you'll be there a while.
5	We love this place, i always plan to review but never do. The service is wonderful. The food is great. If you are new to Vietnamese food ask the waiter or waitress for advise on what to eat and how. They have a bunch of great new things. The fried rice is wonderful so go eat there (we will probably see you :P)
5	I was in the area one Sunday and decided to have lunch here. I looked at the name and thought....oh my...this is probably gonna be a mistake. Who names their restaurant something that corny and have good food!??  Boy, was I wrong!   The owner was very polite and nice, he was constantly checking up on us while we ate to make sure we got everything. The pho was ....."unphogettable"!!!! .....  I must say this is the best pho I've had since Seattle.  They had the pho out in like, 5 mins also...which is how long pho SHOULD take to make at a restaurant level.  I was very satisfied with the service and the food.
5	So pho-cking good!  The best pho in Phoenix (not that that's hard) and the owners are totally awesome and helpful.
5	By far our favorite restaurant in the Valley of the Sun. The owners are always there and treat everyone that comes in as if they are friends & neighbors. We took my Uncle from San Francisco here when he visited, he said it is as good or better than any Vietnamese  place in the Bay Area. My Aunt is from Southeast Asia & he served in Vietnam, so he is no stranger to the cuisine.We eat here at least once a week.
5	Having owned a restaurant for 15 years, I notice everything when I dine and consequently, I am very picky. I am completely at ease and delighted by this restaurant. I really appreciate the freshness of their food and recognize that they do not cut corners on their ingredients. Their broths are WONDERFULLY flavorful. I usually choose a vegetarian dish and my husband likes seafood. We eat here at least once a week and have never been disappointed. Do try a Vietnamese dessert for a fun and delicious experience.  (BTW, they cater to those who must follow a gluten free diet).The decor is attractive: a lot of windows, black and white photography, pendant lamps, two flat screened televisions on mute, American music at an unobtrusive volume, and what I really like --- the place is exceedingly clean, including the bathrooms! The owners of Unphogettable are a married couple, who work very hard and have the most hospitable personalities. They not only make the environment pleasant for their guests, but have  created a good working atmosphere, as is evidenced by the happiness of their employees. In closing, I couldn't be more enthusiastic in my recommendation of Unphogettable.
4	This place is awesome from the pho to the amazing customer service. The pho is wonderful with great flavors, plenty of aromatics, and good meat. The broth is a bit spicer than most pho places but I really like it. Plus the price and portion size is great. The only thing preventing this from being 5 stars is that I wasn't a fan of the Thai iced tea with shaved ice in it and or wasn't a strong enough flavor for me. The customer service is great very helpful, attentive and get your food quickly. The owner is also a very nice guy who talks to everyone making sure things are enjoyable. What really stood out is that after going in once he remembered me and that we had talked about yelp. It was only a minute or two conversation but when I came in a week or so later he remembered. That is just unbeatable when it comes to remembering customers and showing appreciation towards them. This is a place I will be coming to again and again
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place! The food is amazing and the customer service is probably the best I've ever experienced. Every time my boyfriend and I dine here the owner visits with us and asks how we are, etc. I've only had Pho at a couple of places in town so I can't speak to the authenticity but it tastes amazing and fresh every time. Places that make good food and offer the kind of customer service these places do (and family owned is always a plus for me!) are just priceless. UnPhogettable is always worth the drive to Mesa.
4	This is about as good as it gets! The pho here is fantastic and the portions are large.  The owners and staff are very personable and make you feel at home.  I try to eat here as often as I can and it's always a wonderful experience...can't go wrong here.
5	this is the best pho broth around it has everything you would want in good pho...it's clear, the taste is amazing, and oh so yummy...the staff is awesome too
4	If you're looking for some great Pho, this is definitely a place to check out.  It's located right dab in a Vietnamese shopping center, how can you really go wrong?  I ordered the Viet iced tea with cream which was a lot less sweet than the Thai teas I'm used to, it was surprising but still very delicious.  The appetizer ordered was the Summer Rolls which house a large hunk of spicy sausage in it, the sauce to dip it in was really sweet and didn't cling to the roll well, I think I'd rather have had hoisin sauce with it.I ordered the white meat combo noodle soup bowl.  This consisted of a couple of pieces of imitation crab, fish cake balls, shrimp, pork slices and calamari.  Each was quite good in its own right except the imitation crap which had started to flake and come apart in the hot broth.  The broth by the way was fabulous, didn't overpower the meats but added enough flavor to them, much like a fondue broth, while still more than delicious enough to slurp the rest of the way through once all the solid bits were gone.The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is even after showing we've been around the block with Vietnamese food we were constantly being given instructions on what was good and what newcomers to Vietnamese cuisine should try.  I mean once is good service, but after the customer replies that they've had it before don't continue to treat them like newbie white devils...some of us are a little more travelled than others, thanks.
3	Very presentable for a "Pho Joint" (ultra clean and modern in a Shopping Center with a large Oriental Market) with a very nice broth that may be almost as good as higher ranked locations, but slightly less robust.  It also could have had a little more meat (had rare beef slices and well done brisket variety). Another tasty rendition of Pho was the Chicken Pho and it tasted great as well. A gorgeous looking vegetable plate was also a hit at our table. Shrimp Spring Rolls were excellent and a bargain v/s the others. The owner was a delightful man who said they cook Pho Broth for at least 24 hours. I "Go For The Pho" in Vietnamese Restaurants, thus I can only give it three stars when comparing it to others I have had, but a very nice rendition of Pho Phavorites!
5	so good... and great customer service too.i'm bringing my family here when they come here for a visit.
4	Great name and great Pho what more can I ask for?? :)  I have been going around town since I moved here searching for great Pho as it was a weekly eat back home in Seattle.  Finally I found a place within 15 min of my house to go get some especially to cure the mighty hangover.  The Pho was voted best dish in 2009 here and I can see why.  The broth was full of flavor and the meat was a generous portion and on my order of Pho Tai it actually was rare as it was served to me unlike many other Pho places where it is already cooking in the broth and far from rare upon arrival to me.  The menu had many options on it besides just Pho and I ordered my usual Vietnamese egg rolls which were great as well.  They had shrimp in them so it was a nice seafood twist to the usual pork rolls.  Overall it is a great place to cure your Pho need or cure that hangover.  The only thing preventing it from being a 5 star is that it borders the grocery store and doesn't really capture that separate restaurant vibe it should.
3	I'm always excited to try out a new Pho place just so I can adjust my expectation and baseline of what good Pho should be.I had their #1 Pho with everything in it for $8.25. The meat, rice noodles and garnishment were executed properly, very clean, well proportion, and fresh. One of the best I've seen.  There were strips of beef, tendons, tripes, meatballs. They were short on the spices and sauces as I thought these were vital in layering extra flavor to Pho. I could use some preserve cabbage, dried fried onion, and grounded peanuts to put in my Pho. But this is something restaurants don't usually offer anyways...The Pho bowl was meant to be the beginning of a personal dish creation ; not the end to itself.  I would say there are about 12-15 flavors in this bowl. (Nothing beats making Pho at home with more flavor and spices to choose from..)My only criticism of this Pho is that the broth fell flat. It was not robust, thick or flavorful at all. It reminds me more of the broth I get from my "cup o noodle". What I think they did was put individual flavoring in instead of a spice pack that tends to thicken the broth; nothing wrong with this, just a preference.. The broth to me is the second most important aspect of Pho. I think it was designed this way to appease the general crowd that comes here. Interesting, I've seen how another nearby Pho place effeciently made and stored their broth and it packed more thickness and flavor...so it's not really that challenging to make good broth.On other less vital aspect besides the food. The service was attentive; the lady speaks decent English. The places is located inside an indoor shopping center; we need something like this during Summer anyways.Parking was plenty, but I don't know about weekends.  The decor inside is non-descript but clean and above average to other Pho places I've visited in Phoenix.I like to give it 3.5 stars but will have to settle for a 3 for now as I need to make repeat visits to give it a more deserving rating. Would I come here again? Definitely as part of my trip to the supermarket inside but not by itself and when there's nearby competitors with reputations.
3	I had the #1.  It was pretty tasty.  The broth could have used more flavor.  Overall it was good.  3 stars because it was $8.50 for a normal size bowl which was still a bit small compared to others.  Where I'm from its $5-6 for a regular and $6-7 for a large bowl.  I paid $10 after tax and tip.  That is ridicules for a bowl of pho.  Apparently the owner said they use all natural ingredients.  I really don't care and I probably won't go back unless if they drop their prices.
4	Very friendly and good service. Broth is savory and delicious for both pho and bun bo hue. I personally wasn't a big fan of the rice dishes thouhg. (they don't have the meatloaf thingy! wth?)I think the price is on the expensive side though for a bowl of pho.Otherwise, great place to eat!
4	I like it! The broth was great. They give good portions of pho noodles and meat. Service was great. I think the lady liked it when she found out that I was vietnamese. =P All in all another great pho place to frequent while i'm here in Mesa.
4	This is my favorite Pho place in Arizona.  The menu is diverse, an the staff is friendly.  They will answer any and all questions.  I've heard them giving "lessons" on how to eat pho several times.  The food is great, and the keep the drinks filled.  I've never had a complaint, and I've been there numerous times.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Not only was my Pho here unforgettable, it was no doubt pholicious! This particular Vietnamese dish is one of my all-time staples that I cannot live without!  As usual, I always order a bowl that includes "rare" steak, meatballs, and beef brisket while stuffing it with all the fresh veggies that normally comes with it, like the sprouts, Asian/mint leaves, and squeeze of lemon.  Interestingly, they did not have cilantro! Maybe they ran out? Hopefully that was the case, because it is a MUST! Lastly, I like to drizzle hoisin to give it a more rich sweet taste and the universal hot sauce that seriously can be put in just about anything, Siracha! Voila, I'm ready to slurp away!The steak, meatballs and beef brisket were soft and tender, the way it always should be.  I thought the broth was quite good--the level of saltiness was balanced and tasted smooth. The broth is the key to a great Pho! if you do not agree, I would like to hear from you! :)The noodles themselves, I thought were also really good actually.  I do not normally comment on the noodles because I always thought they tend to be "standard" and the same across the board.  Not in this case.  It was prepared perfectly and had an aromatic tasting hint to it--you do not want soggy noodles EVER!I cannot go further without discussing the etiquettes of slurping Pho.  At this particular time, I happened to notice across me, two tables down to my left, a couple eating Pho, in probably the most bizarrest, unorthodox kind of way.  #1, who splits a Pho bowl?! To me that's a NO, NO.  To make this sound even more disturbing, they either slurped all the broth already or they dumped it out onto another bowl.  My good eyes saw that it looked like only the solid ingredients were left over.  Both people basically chopsticked their meat and noodles out onto their plate, A PLATE! Then, after that, they would examine their pieces of meat and it appeared like they were picking it apart or something and then devouring whatever they thought looked good???To properly eat Pho, all you do is using either a fork or chopstick, grab your noodle and meat/veggies (bare minimum) and try to fit it into your Asian spoon.  After that's done, you may slurp away.  I like to take it a step further by also scooping the broth into the spoon so I can get the full taste.For once, I have exhausted my brain and fingers typing this review. *sigh*
5	Pretty much a regular here. They know when I don't come often lol. Pho is great here even the rice dishes are good. All the veggies are fresh. Try this place you won't be disappointed!
5	This place is part of an Asian mini-mall.  It's awesome.   This was a very clean, modern-looking place.  It wasn't very crowded on a Wednesday afternoon.  Parking was easy.The staff greeted me as soon as I walked in.  I had a seat and got to ordering...a #9 (rare steak and brisket pho).  It was about $7.50.   I received my food about five minutes later.  Loved it.  Packed with flavor, unlike some of the previous reviews have mentioned.  The woman came over and told me to mix some of the hoisin sauce with some of the hot sauce and lime juice.  I tried her suggestion and dipped the meat into it - man, how awesome this stuff was...She also mentioned they do not use MSG.  I'd hit this place up again in a heartbeat for some of the best pho ever!
3	Enjoyed lunch here with my wife recently. Very abundant bowls of noodles in a beef, chicken or perhaps seafood broth - depending on what you order. I had a shrimp item and was a bit disappointed with the fact that it only contained 2 shrimp. But it was seriously delicious nonetheless. Our waitress was very attentive and spent time (as mentioned by others) going over the menu. I love Asian soups so I will be going back here soon to try other dishes.
4	Being from California and having tried many different pho houses, I was pleasantly surprised with the food quality at unphogettable. I was with a group of 15 people during a pretty packed lunch rush, yet the service was quick and attentive. If I'm ever back in this part of Arizona, then I'll surely go back to eat there. Overall, good prices, good service, good food. Yeah, it was pretty unphogettable.
5	Looking for your standard Pho and Vietnamese fair?  This place does it just right.  I spoke with the owner and length and he was very proud of the freshness of ingredients they use, and that everything is done on sight, they are not using premade ingredients.The effort shows in the food that is served- excellent!
5	This is by far my favorite pho restaurant. The owner is great and remembers us when we come in and always makes sure we are happy. I don"t live in the area, but when I make it to town I am sure to go there. The pho varieties are diverse and they cook the broth for 24hrs. They also have my favorite dessert that you can"t always find. Love it!
5	Eat here almost once a week with co-worker.  Usually order number 7 on the Pho soup menu but sometimes would go for number 1 that usually have everything on it (tripe, stomach, etc) if you are into those things. Tasty and big portion always, good service as well.Nothing like a good hot bowl of soup during cold chilly days.
5	Great Pho.  The owners are possible the nicest people on the planet.I have tried some of the other dishes, they are good, but the Pho is Pho-real.Cheap, great food.
4	Went here tonight with three friends for dinner. We were immediately greeted and found a seat next to our friends. Someone came by and got our drink orders right away, and we quickly decided on what we wanted to get. Imagine my delight when I discovered they had a kids' size pho bowl! :) mmmmmSo anyways, we shared an app of spring rolls which were really good and tasted very fresh. The pho came out shortly after and was equally as good. The owner came by and checked in with us and was very friendly, and our server came by and gave us a few tips on how we could mix the sauces to our liking.It's a really nice restaurant in a nice megamart if you will, and I'll definitely be back, especially since it's right down the street.
4	One of my favorite Pho joints in the east valley. The Manager and his wife are very friendly, my fiance and I Love this play. They actually give good service as well, which is hard to find at small business azn restaurants
5	This place is inside an Asian Marketplace and I wouldn't have found it if someone had not recommended it. The owner, Chan, is really cool and friendly. I ordered the house fried rice with extra "meat". He explained to me how really great fried rice is cooked by hearing it, rather than watching it. He said it had to "POP" like popcorn, and that's why theirs is really light and fluffy and NOT greasy at all. He was so right. Some of the best fried rice I've ever had.I went again a few days later and got another order, it was that good. He recommended I order it next time with my choice of grilled meat on the side because it has it's own sauce and it caramelizes and it's so yummy.Looking forward to trying more things here. Bottom line though, good food plus friendly service is a win any day.
5	Stopped in here tonight at the recommendation of fellow Yelpers. This place did not disappoint. It was very clean, unlike some Vietnamese spots I have been to, and the staff was prompt, attentive and friendly. My friend and I both ordered Pho. I had the #9 and it was awesome. The broth was full of flavor and delicious. We also shared an order of the fried rice. Which was wonderful as well. It was non-greasy and full of goodies. I am definitely a fan and will be returning.
5	Superb pho, been to at least 8 pho joints in the valley this ranks up high on the list, always fresh ingredients possibly it being close to the Mekong supermarket. :)
4	Good
5	I went here today during the New Years celebration at the Vietnamese cultural center and I was really impressed on every front.Service - The service was really friendly and they considerate for our 3 year old daughter. Appetizers came out rapidly and the main courses (pho for me and the mother in law, bun for my wife) came out at exactly the right time with genuine smiles.Food - On the outside I was smiling, on the inside I was having a "When Harry met Sally" moment! I had the Pho with vegetables and rare steak. IT WAS AWESOME. The steak arrived rare within the Pho, but within a few minutes the hot liquid had gently cooked the steak throughout.  The pho was just a little bit salty (not bad though) so go easy on drinking it at the end but it created the perfect balance for flavouring the noodles and vegetables within it.  In hindsight, even though I'm sensitive to salty food I wouldn't have have changed a thing since the beef broth flavor infused into the ingredients so well. FOOD ALLERGIES:  I'm always concerned about MSG in my food since I'm allergic to it and my wife and daughter are allergic to gluten. Well, we had no problems here. After we were done we were chatting to the owner and he was explaining their philosophy on cooking. They prepare everything from scratch with no MSG or artificial ingredient including the pho soup base and the fish ball and beef meatballs. He was explaining that the fish balls are simply flaked fish that's mixed with spices then reformed into balls (same for the beef balls too). He said he has a special technique for this that not everyone can master without adding fillers such as bread and that not everyone can do it. Who am I to argue? all I know is that next time I go I'll be ordering them.Prices: $7.50 to $8.25 for main mealsOverall: Bloody Brilliant!
5	unPhogettable is PHOnominal! Ok, bad joke aside, this is one of my new favorite Vietnamese restaurants. The food is extremely fresh and after talking with the owner, I found out that they make everything themselves from scratch with no MSG or prepackages meats. The service was excellent and the cafe setting was very inviting. Although a bit far from my house, I'll make the drive to come back here to eat again.
4	Although this isn't the nicest place in the world, this is what I expect Pho to taste like.  Situated in the Mekong Plaza, the restaurant is attached an Asian market (which I wanted to explore after our meal!) and has an authentic feel to it.  We were promptly seated at a long communal table (different, but we didn't mind) and we ordered hot jasmine tea before we delved into the expansive menu.  The tea was perfect and didn't have any jasmine leaves floating it (at Pho An Sen I was slighly irritated by this)--definitely my kind of tea.  We ordered the spring rolls with shrimp and pork to start.  I loved the warm tender shrimp and the crisp, fresh veggies.  They were served with peanut dipping sauce, and we experimented with the three sauces that were on our table (red chili sauce, hoisin sauce, sriacha).  The menu was organized by broth: beef-based, chicken and pork-based, and regional flavors.  The server (I think he was the owner) asked if it was our first time eating Pho and took the time to explain the flavors of all of the broths.  I decided on the Pho with sliced chicken breast (it was listed under the beef-based section, although it was more of a rich chicken broth), and ordered it with bok choi, mushrooms, and broccoli.  It came with a side of fresh bean sprouts, jalapeno, lime and basil.  The broth was complex, yet it had clarity to it.  It wasn't too oily (I HATE greasy-tasting Pho) and the chicken was lean.  Our server even showed us how to make the perfect dipping sauce (half hoisin, half sriacha and a squeeze of lime). My friend ordered the beef-based #3.  It was spiced perfectly, came out piping hot and wasn't loaded with fatty meat.  He ordered slices of rare beef on the side, which were very lean and incredibly tasty.  On taste and service alone, I would have given unPhogettable five stars.  However, they closed at 9 on a Saturday night, and began to close up shortly after.  One of the waitresses propped open the door to shake out all of their floor mats.  This pissed me off because it was rainy and COLD outside, and it made both me and my Pho cold.  They started mopping and stacking the chairs before we even had a chance to pay.  It was like we were inconveniencing them for lingering at their restaurant.  This is one thing I HATE.  Paying customers have the right to linger as long as they want after a meal, even if it's for merely 10 minutes after closing time.
4	Another great find in the Mekong Plaza shopping center. The Pho was great, and the 'fresh' spring rolls (we tried the one with sausage) were the best I've ever had.  I preferred the fried spring rolls across the way at the other Vietnamese place, but the ones here are more traditional and very good. Service, is fast and friendly; food is very cheap. I'll try a few other dishes and possibly up the rating if they are all good!Such an easy drive from Scottsdale, and so many other places to check out!
4	The service and hosts are super-friendly. I came here with friends and it seemed like they have many regulars since the host and waitresses knew customers by name or remembered something about them = good sign!  The prices were a bit more than what i expected - around $7.50-$8.50 for a regular or specialty pho. I am originally from san diego - this place is decent. The broth isnt as aromatic for what i am used to but pretty good for mesa! The bowls come out big but have a lot of soup rather noodles.  They are generous with their beansprouts & basil. Its conveniently located in mekong plaza so you can do grocery shopping before or after.
4	The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful - almost to the point of being invasive. It seems like the Vietnamese places I go to are either extremely helpful or extremely neglectful to their customers! I guess I'd prefer the former.The food was great! I had a bowl of the Vegetable Pho with Beef Broth and was surprised that they also offered vegetable broth as well. My vegan friend was especially happy with the vegetarian option. I would recommend unPhogettable to anyone in the East valley craving good Pho.
4	Good Pho and great service.  The summer rolls were also good but instead of shrimp they used sausage which I thought was different, but still tasty!  The great soup and an inviting atmosphere really made my wife and I feel like we were finding a little bit of what we've been missing since moving here from Hawaii a few months ago.  This would definitely be a nice place for people to come and try Pho for the first time as well.  For all you newbies out there, Unphogettable will live up to its name...be adventurous!
4	* sigh of relief * THERE IS AUTHENTIC ASIAN FOOD IN THE VALLEY!great service, good pho. the broth wasn't oily nor watered down.average pricing for a bowl of pho (8.25 for the special).also ordered hieu tieu nam vang, my favorite soup dish. however it wasn't so great here; broth was bland, large serving.salad rolls and peanut sauce are just like any other place, nothing special nor bad.I LOOOOOOOOVED that they had disposable chopsticks and sauce dishes. very clean and inviting setting.
4	Hasian: Hot + AsianI love hot Asian food, and when you come to unPhogettable, that's what you will get.I've been here a few times and I've NEVER been disappointed. The restaurant is attached to the Mekong Plaza.On this lovely evening, I had the #1, and I had the rare steak on the side. The staff had no problem accomodating my request. The Spring (actually Autumn) rolls were phenom in the peanut sauce. Try it. You'll like it.Everything is fresh. I don't have any complaints about this place. At least none that I would Yelp about. The Pho is phantastic (see what I did there?). The broth comes out at the perfect temperature, and there are enough bean sprouts and basil leaves for your palate. The name is cute. Duh.
5	This is my favorite pho joint in all of Arizona. I have been to about 17 from flagstaff to mesa to central and Tucson! The owners are so welcoming and very proud of their business and it shows! The place is always clean and the bathrooms are immaculate! I always order pho Tai and water.. But I've had both their egg rolls and spring rolls both excellent! I love the broth! It's true pho broth.. It's not the beef bullion cubes other place use and you can defiantly taste the difference! The sprouts are the cleanest I have ever seen! I love this pho place ...  try the greatest pho in Arizona!
5	Even better this time!  Great service and really good food.  Can't wait to go back!  When you come from a place like China Town Hawaii that does Pho so well, it's great to get that flavor in such an unexpected place.  Come and eat here if you haven't and you like me will be hooked!
4	Pho is good here as it should be, hence the name. The broth had really good flavor and wasn't overly salty nor oily. The veggies that accompanied it was fresh and crisp. This place is extremely clean. I really like the disposable chopsticks and sauce cups at each table. Rice plates are okay - I prefer the place across for rice plates. Very good service. The owner was charming and pleasant. Price was a couple bucks more than the average pho joint but nothing outrageous.
5	I've tried other local Vietnamese places but nothing compares to this. I cannot describe how good their pho is. You really have to go in to try it out, you will not regret it. Me and my girlfriend have been going here for almost a year because its that great. The owner/s know us now and we don't have to tell them without onions because they remember.A HUGE bowl is like 8 dollars but it will definitely fill you up.
2	Pho broth smells kinda weird.Good service, really friendly (so not Vietnamese like!).Otherwise, overpriced and there are better out there in AZ.
5	Wow! Extremely nice people. The owner was very helpful with suggestions and tips on how to dress the soup. Everything was so prompt without making us feel rushed. The #16 Tofu Pho Soup was delicious. Perfectly warm broth and fresh veggies. I will definately be visiting this place regularly, especially in the colder season. Can wait to try their unique looking dessert drinks.
3	The pho here is average compared to the legit ones back in Westminster, CA. For $8 a bowl, I was hoping that I would receive way more meat in my bowl.The service was great. They were very welcoming and was always filling our waters.Overall, I didn't rate this place too highly because of it's expensive price. Right across the street you can get a bowl for just 1/2 the price.
4	My first Yelp review ever!  Went for weekday lunch here with a coworker.  The resaurant is situated on the left side of the entrance to the Mekong grocery store (which, by the way, blows Lee Lee's away).  The service was fast and very friendly.  On the clean scale I give it a 10 out of 10.  Our waitress took the time to ask us if we have had pho before (a first) gave us the general overview of the menu (a first) and when we went to pay they wanted to know how we found the place (also a first).  Normally at a Vietnamese place there is little eye contact with the workers and little conversation.   We had the beef pho, it arrived very fast, less than 5 min, and it was delicious.  Spring roll also very good.  Would have given 5 stars if they took my plate when I was done.  Otherwisea  great experience and I'll be back.
3	Lovely staff! always a plus when dining in.Tried the meatball Pho and it was very good!! ended up taking more than 1/2 home. Very generous portions! Menu has a good variety as well. They also have other entrees besides pho... but it is called unPhogettable, so try the pho foo, it is quite delish!
5	Honestly, this place rocks.
2	I think it's very Phogettable.  Tried their crab soup special which tasted more like some sort of spicy tomato concoction.  Where's the crab?  Also tried regular pho which was fairly mediocre.  Bowl not that big, broth not that tasty, ingredients merely OK, and it's not that cheap either, and there seemed to be an unpleasant aftertaste for some reason.
5	I grew up down the street from Little Saigon in The O.C. and this place is just as good as anything I had there. Even better since it's 4mi from the crib. Seriously, their soup is AMAZING. I used to say Pho Ao Sen was my favorite, and, don't get me wrong, it's good, but this place is REAL GOOD. On top of the great food, the staff is 110% TOP NOTCH. That place is run with precision and the owner is not only very knowledgeable about their fresh good food, he's one of the nicest guys I have ever met. The staff really makes this place, IMO, it just so happens that they have BOMB PHO.I go here at least 1x's a week, sometimes more.Oh, and if you have food allergies, they are 100% on point and can direct you toward items that don't contain gluten.
5	The name is frighteningly appropriate. Our Arizonian hosts are former residents of Oahu, a mecca of Asian cuisine. They know their stuff. After visiting just about every place in Scottsdale and the surrounding area they settled on a new favorite. unPhogettable is a clean and modernly decorated mini-mall storefront. For those of you who aren't familiar Pho it's an incredibly flavorful Thai soup that's actually pretty healthy, depending on the preparation and cuts of meat you decide on. This particular place boasts they're MSG and trans-fat free.When it came time to order I left it up to our the pros, our hosts, and was so pleased with their recommendations. We started with the Soft Spring Rolls, fresh and simple ($3.45) and Egg Rolls (fried to perfection and accompanied by a tangy sauce ($4.95). My entree was a GIGANTIC bowl of Pho with rare steak (a value at $7.50). I could only eat about half of my portion and that was pushing it. So good.  The only thing better was the service. They were incredibly attentive.
5	If you're afraid to try UnPhoGettable, have a seat inside the modernly decorated restaurant and ask the owner to explain the cuisine. For a first-timer like me, I needed the explanation (What the heck is Pho? How do you say it? What are your recommendations?)If soup isn't your thing, they have plenty of dishes that will satisfy hunger. I always order the combo platter which comes with a seasoned pork chop, chicken wing, spring roll, rice, and a small bowl of seasoned broth. To die for!!! Service is incredible. They remember us every time we come in, which makes me feel like this is a family place. If you like coconut, try their coconut juice. They add in a touch of sugar and some young coconut flesh that is really good. Don't forget to peruse the Mekong Market after you're done with the meal (don't let the smells scare you away. They have some pretty cool stuff in there with amazing prices on produce.)
5	UnPhoGettable is as good as it gets for flavor, authenticity, friendly service and reasonable prices. My family and I have been back more times than I can count now and we have never been disappointed. The consistency continually amazes us. We've also ordered takeout and the food is always packaged with great care - cold and hot ingredients are in separate containers and fresh as can be. As first time customers, we were given a condensed history of Pho - coupled with traditional eating instructions when the actual food arrived. For those afraid of soup not filling them up, thing again! The portion sizes are HUGE and the amount of ingredients is beyond substantial. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. Outstanding!
5	When have you ever visited an establishment who's greeting to you is "Thank you for bringing your nice family"LOVEThis is noodle soup served with love.Its also the only place we've ever eaten Pho, so I don't feel qualified to comment on the authenticity of the food, but it tastes so good, so fresh, so delicious, that even if it were not authentic, I would still give it 5 stars.The last trip we made was an incredibly hot day, I ordered a lime soda (soda water and an abundance of fresh squeezed lime juice, with a lime wedge and ice....so refreshing!) with one of the salads...rice vermicelli with shrimp sausage.  Absolutely perfect for a hot day.  I enjoyed immensely.Also, at the end of our meal, the owner came walking in and whether he actually recognized us or not, I have no idea (we've only been 2 or 3 times before) but he ACTED like he knew us and came walking up and again greeted us with "Thank you for bringing your family today".Gotta love it.
5	Quite simply, if you know Vietnamese food, you know this is great food.  If you don't know about it and want to learn, please go here and ask.  They will teach you about it- and you should try it.  I crave it now!  They have another restaurant in Virginia and have been restauranteur-ing for years.  A complete family operation and truly authentic and home cooked food.  Located in the Mekong Plaza next to the entrance to the supermarket. Enjoy!
4	Good Pho Tai!  The staff is very nice and would happy answers questions to help the novice.
5	This restaurant really lives up to its name by being (in my opinion) the best Vietnamese Pho restaurant in Arizona! I've been to a couple of other Pho joints in AZ that were either hit or miss, but this one sets the bar pretty high by balancing quality, flavors, cleanliness, and let's not forget, remarkably fast & friendly service!  I've been to numerous Pho restaurants over the last decade in both California (where I'm from originally) and Arizona to be able to decipher the difference between "quality" or lack-there-of. What sets Un-Pho-gettable apart is that they're able to achieve the level of deep flavor in their Pho broth without the use of MSG (which a lot of cheaper Pho joints do to compensate for lack of quality ingredients). I'm not going to knock MSG for being the bad guy, because I personally feel that a little doesn't hurt (it adds flavor). But let's face it, if you can create a good savory dish without it, I'm all for it. IMO, the use of MSG is like cheating (adding flavor to subpar food and sometimes disguising what they don't want you to taste).The owner was kind enough to give us a little background on his restaurant and how they stand behind quality ingredients and how they choose better cuts of meat, take care in preparing the Pho broth (which when done right, takes a long time to infuse the flavors), and how this is all orchestrated without the use of MSG. Now, our assessment... As soon as our food came to the table and we had our first bite, my GF (who is Vietnamese by the way) agreed with me in delight that we found our new Pho spot in AZ! We were just too spoiled in LA, and just couldn't find the right spot to fill the void in AZ. But let me tell you, the broth was full bodied and robust (the way pho broth is supposed to be), the meat was tender and delicious, and the noodles were on point! We also had an order of egg rolls (Cha Gio) and compared to other places where I sampled this dish, you can tell the wrapper was top quality because of the crisp and texture. Sure the prices are a bit higher than some other Pho restaurants, but it is well worth it to know you are paying for good quality and Pho done right. If you're looking to try Vietnamese Pho for the first time or you're (like us) just trying to find a new Pho restaurant, do yourself a favor and give them a try.
5	Unphogettable is awesome...other than the name being quite unforgettable, the food and service is too! Their food is delicious. Great flavors and  really fresh. They definitely take the time to get to know their customers and teaching them about how to properly eat pho. You might be wondering what I'm talking about but there is a way to mix the sauce in the tiny bowl to dip the meat in etc. Anywho, the price is alright, I think its the typical price per plate but totally worth it.Definitely try the shrimp spring roll. One word: Heavenly!Bottom line...I recommend this place for those who love great service and UNFORGETTABLE pho! ;)
5	Unphogettable is a great restaurant with amazing service. The owner remembered us from when we'd been there the first time. I didn't even think that was possible. :-)This is a great spot for pho in Mesa, where the options for that are sadly lacking. Their pho has fantastic flavor. If it's your first, definitely try the brisket - you'll love it. We always start with the spring rolls and then go onto our pho. For the service, I don't think my glass of water or my husband's pop were ever even half empty. The owner stops by all the tables and loves to talk about his restaurant. This is definitely a place we'll frequent for an inexpensive meal. You really can't beat it.
5	I frequent UnPhogettable 2-3 times a week and its my go to place for fast, friendly and UnPhogettable food!!!  You can always except consistent and speedy service with absolutely gourmet Pho that rocks.  Number 1 and S5 are my suggestions and I always suggest my friends to join me and just enjoy this amazing experience.
4	It was worth the drive. This place was clean and the service was excellent. Ordered Bun Rieu and it was one of the best.
5	This place has the best vegetarian Pho I have ever tasted.  The spring rolls are also excellent.  The atmosphere is quite modern and fancy for being in a grocery store plaza.  For the price the place is amazing. It is the best restaurant I've been to in the area (definitely the superior than the other places I've visited in Mekong Plaza).
5	unPHOgettable is quite PHOnomenalFor being Asian, service is remarkableGet filled up for less than ga$ in your abdominalNo MSG, no trans-fat makes it responsibleSummer rolls and pork taste so verrry nice Add some Sriracha and chili for that extra spiceOh! Love me long time, I need more rice!If ya don't have yellow fever, you'll be enticedEven my round-eye BF began to slantClapping his hands in a chantTried ordering more, though his pants can'tCalm down cracker, no need to take a chanceOn a food coma, me want some late night romanceBeing Vietnamese, I'm keeping it PHO-realEat here for an authentic PHO-bulous mealSituated next to an Asian market For that trustworthy PHO-king feelPHO-shizzle, PHO-sho, this ain't no faux-Pho
5	Excellent! Great spring rollsGreat PhoGreat service. Its Photastic
5	This place is amazing. I used to eat at Pho Ao Sen on Dobson and Baseline but decided to try unPhogettable after it won "Best Pho" according to the Phoenix New Times. I also have always been fond of Mekong Plaza.I almost feel like I shouldn't be sharing this with every one because I'd like to keep it my own little secret. The New Times never steers me wrong.Great service the second I walked in the door. They have their own homemade sauces (plum sauce and two spicy sauces). When I opened the menu, I was astounded. At least $1 cheaper than Pho Ao Sen for every menu item. The spring rolls (#A2) were amazing with shrimp. They were so fresh.Then I got the #9 pho with well-done brisket and rare steak. It was as good as it gets. Afterwards, stopped off at the supermarket and bought some well priced and tasty sake.I will definitely be back. Yum!
5	My wife was feeling a bit queasy after shopping at the nearby grocery store.  So stopped in just for her to rest, but the manager seemed to notice she was feeling and uneasy and offered to make her something that will make her feel better.  He made her some sort of noodle dish that she loved.  I had the tendon pho and it was great.  We have liked this unPhogettable ever since.
5	I love noodle dishes but pho is my all time favorite and un-pho-gettable gets it right every time. Super fresh, tons of meat choices, they take over 24 hours to make the beef broth that is the amazing base of the soup. All the fixings that go with it including fresh slice jalapeno I add tons of siracha and hosing to mine. RULES! RULES! RULES! The place is very clean run by a super nice asian family plus the restaurant is located in an awesome asian market that give 10% off everything. I don't know what else to say other then do yourself a favor and go to un-pho-gettable it is unforgettable, for real realz.
4	My favorite dining option inside Mekong. I love the vegetarian bun. Lots of noodles and lettuce topped with crunchy egg rolls. It comes with a dark, flavorful sauce that substitues for the traditional fish sauce. I would like to see another topping besides eggs rolls like a faux (pho?) meat. Tofu spring rolls and the accompanying peanut sauce is delicious. I can't specifically comment on any other dishes, but the family that I've brought here all love their dishes.Service is so friendly and welcoming. UnPhogettable is one of those places where you feel like you're dining in someone's home.
4	My first time eating pho and it was delicious. I had the number one with all the meats. We also tried the soft egg rolls with Vietnamese sausage and they were delicious. I ate mine with the fish sauce. Give this place a try!
5	Its rare for me to want to give a pho restaurant five stars. Usually they either lack in service or cleanliness or tastes like msg. But no, this restaurant really lives up to it's name The mom and I came here before grocery shopping inside Mekong. The staff were really friendly and speedy in taking orders. It did take a while for our pho's to come out but they say it's because they make everything in order of ticket. Made to order pho?? I can't complain.Meanwhile, it being our first time there, we decided to indulge in their spring rolls. There was nothing but shrimp, lettuce and noodle in the roll but surprisingly, flavorful. We get the pho. The soup tastes clean and fresh. There seemed to be lots of cilantro in it which I LOVEEEED and my mom loved how it didnt taste like they poured in MSG. Large portion of noodles, lots of meat, and clean bean sprouts!! Perfect for a hungry stomach. Definitely unPHOgettable =p
4	This place deserves its name. The pho was as good as any I had elsewhere and the springrolls, both fried and raw, were delightful. The employees seemed overworked and nonchalant, however. I almost gave this place 5 stars.
2	Just ain't my style in Pho...
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Tempe! The service is great, always friendly, and the pho is fantastic!
3	The Pho was not unphogettable by any means but it was very good. If I could choose between this place and Pho Thanh up on Camelback in Phoenix, I would take Pho Thanh any day. Nevertheless, this is a good option if you are craving Pho and want a no nonsense place in Mesa.
5	My favorite pho broth around!  Nice portions, good prices.  The staff treats you like family!  They are really just about the nicest people I've ever met at a restaurant. I like their spring rolls, but I like the ones at Pho Ao Sen better (especially the peanut sauce there).  But this is my favorite place for pho.  It never lets me down and is always worth the drive.The fifth star was given because I really feel like family when I'm there.
5	Okay, I know that anyone checking my profile is going to see a bunch of 5-star reviews...I'm just starting with the places I LOVE (I'll get around to places I don't...later...if I feel like revisiting poor experiences).  UnPhogettable definitely fits this description, hands-down my favorite pho place EVER.  The menu is big, a really nice selection, but I have to admit that, despite visiting every couple weeks, I continue to order the same thing...the sliced pork bun with egg rolls is just TOO GOOD to pass up.  It's a wonderful cross between a hot rice noodle dish and a salad: fresh, refreshing, satisfying and flavorful.  The quality is typical of the rest of the menu...this place is consistent and reliable.  The portions are perfect...for two meals!  (I've discovered that most reheat well for lunch the next day).  I have almost finished the bun once, an accomplishment I am truly proud of.The atmosphere is really friendly...hip and modern-trendy, with informal seating at long tables, very relaxed.  The restaurant is very clean, and is a part of the Mekong Plaza shopping complex...so you've got an awesome Asian market to roam through after lunch.  The staff are very attentive, and the owners are FANTASTIC - super-friendly, great sense of humor, and even remember my favorite order (which is pretty good with the number of customers they get!).  I never can believe the check when it comes, either...incredible amount of food for the price.If you like pho and bun, this place will compare favorably with anything you've had anywhere else.  IF YOU'VE NEVER HAD IT, are you in for a treat!  Give this a shot, you will not be disappointed!
4	I got the beef bun with egg rolls and the meat was SO good! My friends kept stealing beef off my plate. The noodles had a bit of a funny taste to me, but I haven't had enough of this dish from other restaurants to say if that taste is normal or not. The greens that came with the dish were fresh and flavorful. The gentleman who rang up my to-go order was SUPER nice and hospitable. I received EXCELLENT customer service for the 4 minutes I was actually in the restaurant.
4	Good pho if you like your soup base light and fragrant. If you're looking for something brothier and sweeter, look elsewhere. Also i've noticed that their noodles seem fresher than at other places. Might be because they're right next to an Asian grocery store...
5	It takes an astounding restaurant to motivate me to login online to leave a review. This one definitely deserved it.I've tried several Pho restaurants in the Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale area and this is the best one I've tried. The Food is amazing, the staff is friendly, the location is always clean, the menu is not overpriced, the selection is great, and the food always comes out very fast. I always leave this restaurant impressed. If your looking for a great pho experience this the best pick in town, no competition.
4	Just moved from California to Arizona. They say that southern California has the best Vietnamese food to offer outside of actual Vietnam. So moving to Arizona, I had to leave that behind and settle for wannabe Viet restaurants and whatnot.So when I found unPhogettable, I shuttered to see a pho restaurant title without a number after it and incorporating a terrible pun that makes my teeth grind.But I walked inside and hey! It SMELLS like a good pho restaurant! =)Ordered a bowl of pho tai and it was pretty decent! The broth they make is surprisingly flavor and they somehow use less MSG and fats than their Californian counterparts without sacrificing flavor. So that was a very pleasant surprise for me.One problem is that the pho is slightly overpriced compared to CA. But if pho is what you're craving, this is the place to stop! ^_^
4	Overall pretty good.  Pho, great.  Beef with rice, awesome.  Iced coffee, worth the trip just for this.   Staff was very friendly and helpful.  I will be back.
5	Okay, this is the third time I'm writing about this wonderful restaurant, but I need to talk about it, because if you were like me and only ordering the Pho and the egg rolls (we call them spring rolls in Hawaii) which are spot on, I'm not saying to stop.  But, next time you go, make sure to stray from the norm and order the won-ton egg noodle soup with shrimp balls and char siu.  This was seriously the best single thing that I have eaten in the last year, since moving here from the land of asian soups, China Town, Honolulu.  Everything was cooked to perfection, and the percentage of noodle to won ton, and the beautiful broth was a flavor combination that in my mind is the king bowl of soup in AZ, Asian or not!  Thats all I really have to say.  Next time you find yourself near Mekong Market in Mesa, if you want to change your week for the better, go in and order a bowl!
4	The spicer the better. Make sure to get the S1! I usually go for the P1 with the soft tendon, meatballs, tripe, lean brisket, and fatty brisket. Of all of the Pho restaurants that I have been to in Phoenix, I would say that this one is close to the top. Really accessable and easy to find and attached to a great international market. It has a laid back style to it and the waitstaff is very friendly.  A quick tip for any bowl of Pho that you get, order extra noodles on the side instead of another bowl if you are still hungry. It is a lot less expensive and gives you more to eat.
4	Another good stop in Mekong Plaza.  Friendly and efficient service.  The servers always take the time to explain each dish, and are genuinely concerned that you get exactly what you want.  Very fresh ingredients make for great pho, and you will find it here.
5	The service is great, and the pho lives up to the name.  The prices are great, and the service is good too.  The location is great too, if you're not too full stop by the bakery next door, they're great too.
2	Update 1/12/12Gave it another try because one feller on here said the egg noodle-wonton dish was the best thing he ate all year, and it was their special, so...THAT was the best thing you ate all year!?  Pretty tasteless watery broth, and ingredients were pretty tasteless too, and sparse leaves, and over-priced - $8.50, I think it was - too.  1 1/2 rounded up to 2.
5	I love this place! The staff is very friendly and the food is un-pho-gettable!!
4	I love pho. I really do. I love all Asian noodle soups in general now that I think about it - udon, ramen, pho. Yum.Anyway, unPhogettable!Excellent excellent service. Super friendly employees that take note of what you want or do not want in your pho. Large portions. Great quality meat. And delectable broth. Though, as I always do, I added a ton of sriracha and hoison to make it even more delicious. Ohmygosh my mouth is watering at the thought. Also - I'm usually not a huge fan of shrimp spring rolls, I tend to find them somewhat blah, but the shrimp spring rolls here are quite enjoyable!I will definitely be returning so I can try the bun bo hue :]
5	Best pho in Az I've had so far.  They have the best variety of meats for their soups as well.  If you haven't tried marbled brisket order your self one.  NOW.  This stuff is gods gift to the world.  Tender fatty meat that melts in your mouth!  Oh so heavenly!  :D
4	unPhogettableMekong Plaza66 S. Dobson RoadMesa 85202There are as many styles of the ubiquitous Vietnamese dish pho (pronounced PHA) as there are people that eat it, and of course, everyone has their favorite. Having eaten pho from one end of this country to the other, this is my favorite place to eat this wonderful dish.We were seated immediately, and our drink order was taken. This isn't a fancy restaurant, but you wouldn't know it by the attentive service and spotless tables.Companion and I started out with the Goi Cuon ($3.45), which are soft spring rolls filled with shrimp, pork and veggies and served with a delightful peanut sauce. If it were not for the fact that we were there for dinner, I'd probably have made it a double order and had just that, they were so good. Being made with soft rice paper brought a whole new texture to the party, and I loved the peanut sauce with it.For main courses, companion ordered Pho Dac Bjet Bo Vien ($8.25) which is a soup tureen sized bowl of wonderful broth, filled with noodles, rare steak slices, flank, brisket, tendon, tripe, and beef meatballs, and asked for the tripe to be left out, since companion isn't fond of it. It was no problem for the kitchen to prepare it the way companion wanted it.I ordered the same thing but with extra tendon ($3.00), since I love the texture of this item. In making their broth, it is simmered for a minimum of 24 hours, which results in a hugely flavorful base for the pho. For those that don't care to have some of the more esoteric ingredients in their pho, there are many choices on the menu including a pho made with chicken breast and another one that is vegetarian. The pho is served with a plate of fresh Thai basil, bean sprouts, lime, and jalapeno's for those that like to add to the bowl. I always add some fish sauce which is on the table because I love the flavor of it.It's hard to describe a bowl of pho except to say it is a meal in a bowl that is huge! If I eat this for lunch, my meals for the day are taken care of, since it is so big. (Yes, they will provide a take out for the rest if you need one.)For those that prefer something other than pho (there are 16 varieties of pho), there are also 15 other types of soup on the menu, as well as 11 types of salads, 6 vegetarian selections, and a number of steamed rice items as well. Kids are welcome and have their own selections.Restrooms have always been clean when I have been there, and service is so friendly you feel almost like your eating in a friends house.I give them 4 stars for service, quality of food, and cleanliness. (And a big YUM for flavor!)
4	Yummmmy!  I get the veggie pho, and its very flavorful and inexpensive.  The broth is fragrant and very delectable.  This is a great place for quality pho with great service.
5	When we lived in Mesa, we LOVED coming here. Just as awesome as our pho experiences in Seattle.UnPhogettable is where it's at. Really nice family who owns it, and great service to boot. It's just too bad it's usually hot outside in Arizona, or else I'm sure we would have come here for a nice hot bowl of pho and some spring rolls even more often.
5	One of the best pho place in Phoenix. Absolutely no MSG!!
5	Yes...  going to have to say it... lives up to the name!!!  I have never been to a pho-stablishment that features the variety of regional cuisines of Vietnam.  Just happened that we had the owner take our order.  He was very willing to spend the time explaining the various regional variations of noodle soups on the menu despite it being a busy Friday night.  Not to mention, the food was delicious!
5	I keep coming back because their food is great and they are possibly the nicest restaurant owners I have ever met.I wish it were closer to our house, but its worth the drive.
5	I had to go with 5 stars...I'm SOOOO picky and this place hit all my sweet spots. Awesome local owner...fresh ingredients...no chemicals or MSG....authentic and just really, really good and the price point is right on too. I had #4 Pho and veggie spring rolls and we shared the fried rice. Yum Yum Yum! We will be back.
4	First time there.It's right up next to the Mekong Market.The pho was solid (love me some rare beef and brisket), and we also tried the "autumn rolls" instead of the usual spring rolls.It has egg in it, so you know I'm a fan.Overall, good pho, good price and good service.
2	Quick tip: don't order the spring roll for an appetizer.
5	Wonderful establishment. Great food, great authentic Vietnamese soft-drinks and deserts. And most of all, incredibly friendly, outgoing staff. In contrast to almost every other genuinely ethnic Asian restaurant, these people understand that a lot of white people are a little uncertain or inexperienced when it comes to Asian food. They guide you through the menu, answer all of your questions, and are very attentive and friendly. Wow, what a contrast to most Asian places I've been to! And because of this great service they have a huge non-Asian following. What a smart business model! The food is excellent: the rice noodle bowls, Pho (Vientamese beef or chicken soups), and fried rice dishes. They have great appetizers and one of the absolute best soft drinks which is an authentic beverage made of soda water, lime juice, ice and simple syrup. In just the right proportions, this drink is heaven. The bottom line, if you're one of those people who is curious about trying Vietnamese food, but feel a little awkward or intimidated, this is the place for you! In contrast, if you're an old hand who's powered through hundreds of noodle bowls, can pronounce all the dishes in their mother tongue, and are deft enough to catch flies with chop-sticks, this is still the place for you!!!
4	I really liked the brisket pho I ordered here.  It was sooo good.Quite honestly,  I don't know much about pho.  I've had it once or twice before.  It seems to be hearty noodle soup with rich broth that can be kicked up a few notches with bean spouts (for added crunch), fresh basil, hoisin and sriracha.  I love the fact that I have some measure of control over how spicy I can make it or how what I add can affect the taste.  Maybe I just like the process.unPhogettable is a corny name.  I had solicited advise from my friends on FB on where to get good pho.  Khai Hoan was the definite consensus but it was closed that day.  unPhogettable was next.  Located in the Mekong Plaza, I did get the sense that it should be decent.  It's surrounded by other asian restaurants and an asian supermarket.  It wouldn't reflect well on the business if it wasn't good.From the get-go, the service was friendly and fast.  I'm assuming it was the owner who stopped and talked with us but she was super friendly and helpful.  We ordered spring rolls (with pork and shrimp) served with peanut sauce, hot tea, vietnamese coffee and two bowls of pho (one brisket and the other veggie).Everything came fast and was delicious.  The peanut sauce that accompanied the spring rolls was soo good.  I loved the pho.  It was tasty and hot.  Having added everything provided to me, it made the soup even better.Like I said, I'm no pho connoissuer but this pho was really good to me.  All together I think it ran us $25. Can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place, the food is amazing and the service is the best. I ate the veggie/tofu stir fry with rice noodles and the vege sprint roll.  I also recommend the Tropical Fruit and shaved ice if you feel like dessert.
5	Been back many times, the pho is consistently great.  And while they don't serve alcohol, they allow you to bring your own so you can pick up beer from the supermarket which is literally steps away. Lovely service, very clean also.
4	This was always my to go place for pho. Especially when your hungover! The pho dac biet was always good and never disappointing. The broth was just right and you get a good amount of noodles and meat. But my favorite entrees would be bun bo hue or bun rieu. I can never get enough of having good spicy food. Although it wasn't as spicy as I wanted it to be. So I always ask for a side of chilli paste and extra peppers. The service was great and drinks were refill very quickly even when they are busy. If I'm ever back in Az  for whatever reasons again and I'm in need of pho I'll definitely be hitting this place up!
5	Yum. After doing some shopping at the Mekong plaza we decided on having lunch here. Very clean, which is a big plus for a Vietnamese establishment. The food was great, very tasty. Would love to back.
4	I ran into this place while looking for an Asian market. I thought the name was funny but it seemed it got good enough reviews...so why the hell not. I tried their egg noodle soup with everything on it including fish ball, salmon, pork, chicken and what not...I was blown away....this I was very good and by far the best I had.  My gf tried the pho...well....nothing special but seem like the same old pho compared to other established pho places. Also their appetizers...I tried their pork sausage rolls....well they were okay.Overall good service and fair price.G approved!
5	Hands down...the best Pho in the valley. My GF and I ate here today for the first time and loved it. The owners came out to greet us and welcome us to their establishment for the first time. She explained how the beef broth is simmered for 24 hours and the chicken broth simmers for 12. What a great selling point. The Pho was great. It was fresh and the broth was amazing. Crisp clean taste with crisp clean flavors. The portions are large and we have plenty to take home. We will definitely be back.
3	I came here with a bunch of my friends after a late night. The service was great and fast. They were super friendly to us! I get my usual pho tai which is super basic with just rare steak and noodles in broth. The broth flavor is decent but not as flavorful as I would like. It's decent quality but I do enjoy other places more. The spring rolls are good and authentic and the sauce is yummy. Overall, your average pho place. Decently good but not the best I've ever had. :/
4	Even in this heat I'd eat Pho. The tofu veggie spring rolls (not fried) were delicious and so was the peanut sauce they came with. Had the beef base Pho with brisket and steak. The meat was pretty good quality and the beef broth was good. I would come back here when coming back to the Mesa/Tempe area.
4	Fine Pho.  Nice atmosphere.  Great service.
4	Fresh FriendlyAmazing spring rolls and phoOwner brews her own magical mixture of Jasmin iced tea and its to die for
4	A tasty pho place that you can enter from the street or from inside the asian market that it's connected to.I ordered the veggie soup with rice noodles. The soup arrived relatively fast and it came with a metric ton of fresh veggies as well as tofu. It was delicious!The service was great - the servers were very attentive and friendly. I think 3 different people asked my husband if he needed a refill on his water. I really liked this place and I'll definitely be back.
5	Awesome!!! I love the special chili sauce condiment they concoct in house. Friendly, great service, super clean. Would go every day if I could!
5	I can not say enouph good things about this place. The first time we walked in, the owner greeted us like we had stepped into his living room. I am pho phonatic, so I knew what to order, but my friends were still getting used to the pronunicaiton. The owner dove into the menu, explaining that he liked to educate his customers so we knew exactly what we were getting. That personal touch won me over immediately.Then the pho came out. I don't exaggerate when I say it was the best I've had in a while. It might have been because of the fresh ingredients the owner told us about, or the good ratio of broth-to-meat-to-veggies, but either way it was delicious. The egg rolls were also tasty, but I just wish we were served more (that's more of a comment on my appetite).I've been back several times, and unPhogettable does not dissapoint. Also, check out the massive Asian grocery store attached. If you want alcohol, you're allowed to buy some there and bring it in. Bonus points!
5	I wish I could give this place 6 stars. We purchased the Groupon and went on the same night to unPhogettable.  By 6PM, this place was boomin.  We ordered the soft summer rolls (pork sausage), #8 (Pho with brisket and flank) and the #48 (steamed rice with seasoned grilled sliced beef). The summer rolls were very good and came with a delish house sauce.  We hadn't received our dinners yet when a server came over and asked if we had the Groupon.  We said yes, and she explained that they couldn't accept it until the next day.  We hadn't read that on the deal, so I was a little frustrated (not mad, but just like, 'dangit!').  The owner stopped by and we talked to him for a few minutes.  We looked at our Groupon and saw that it DID say it couldn't be used until the next day.  So it was totally our over-sight.  He explained that a few tables had gotten mad and walked out, and they only did the Groupon to get new people to try their restaurant since June is the quietest month for most restaurants in the valley.  We told him that we didn't care about the Groupon, and were there for the food not the deal.  We decided we would just use the Groupon the next weekend. Needless to say, he was very excited and grateful. I think we were more excited about our dinners though.  When our meals came out, he showed us the Vietnamese way to eat Pho and the rice and meat plate.  That was really cool.  It was obvious that he took great pride in his restaurant and food, and wanted to make sure everyone was happy. I can't explain how amazing the food was. The #48 came with a broth on the side that you eat first to cleanse your palate.  I could have just eaten that as my meal and been totally satisfied.  The sauce on the beef was hard to explain.  It was slightly sweet, but had a lot of depth.  I was reluctant to share. The Pho broth was fantastic.  After all of the noodles, meat and bean sprouts were gone, and we were both stuffed, I couldn't stop sipping the broth.  Seriously. It was so good, I didn't mind over-stuffing myself. We said we would be back next weekend.  I don't think I can wait that long.
5	Loved this place,  did a search for a place nearby to eat something different.. seen this place had nice reviews and close and we my wife and I liked a Vietnamese place near our old home so thought it would be good to check out.  The people were really friendly and helpful, Wife had asked how to pronounce a few things in there language and she seems excited to share with us and then would tell us how to say each thing they brought to the table it was fun she would make sure we pronounced it all correctly before moving on to each new word.     The food was wonderful I had a 41, wife was like a 38 or something and son got a 14.  she then taught us the proper way to prepare to our taste each thing we ordered and how to eat them.  We shared around the table what we each got and all of it was great.  Oh don't forget to get the coffee if your a coffee lover its almost like having a nice little dessert drink with your meal.. Service even though very busy was quick and very friendly we had at least four people stop to make sure we had everything we wanted. prices were good but the food was outstanding.. we will be back for sure to sample more items soon.
2	Really everyone? This pho place is by far ranked down there on the Pho places I've had. Growing up in San Jose, one of the largest Vietnamese comminutes in the country, I'll say I've been to a fair amount of Pho places. I drove to Orange County, CA all the time in college just to get Pho. I'd like to think I have some Pho cred. But hey I know this is AZ- the pho competition  is not like in CA where there's larger Vietnamese communities/restaurants. This place really skimps out on noodles and meat. Seriously for the regular bowl of pho it felt like the amount of noodles and meat you get for kiddie size. You know that feeling when you eat all the noodles and meat and you're FULL but there's still all the soup there? Yea not here! I also tried their pork and rice and it that was the nail in the coffin. The pork meat tasted like rubber and it was amazingly VERY dry. Also try not to burn the sauce on the pork- doesnt taste yummy. I hope I......wait for it......phoget about this place! Service was good though +1.
5	We moved to Mesa from N. California three years ago and have been looking for good Vietnamese food ever since.  Unphgettable does not disapoint.  It is by far the best Viet food we've found in the Valley of the Sun, and rivals many in the SF Bay Area.  Very highly recommended.
5	Amazing, I've been there several times. I usually get the #9 Pho w/ brisket & tenderloin and the egg rolls.  The broth is slow cooked daily. The herbs are fresh and the pho is delicious.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  I live several miles away but it's worth the trip even though there are several pho restaurants along the way.  Plus there is a great bakery and market nearby to walk around after dinner. They also have delicious tea (hot or iced) which is a nice break from the usual soda pop.
5	First off the owner is outstanding, very friendly and personable! I come here once a week and every time it is absolutely amazing! Rolls are perfect!! LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	I have to say this place was good eats. I am full Vietnamese and when I lived with my parents they used to make Pho Ga every weekend, when I say every weekend I seriously mean EVERY weekend. I am 9 months pregnant and since my American husband doesn't eat pho my friend took me out to lunch.  I made sure to make room for it, reading how big the portions were.  When your about to have a baby there is seriously no room for alot of food, but man oh man, I put it away and only 6 bites shy of finishing the whole bowl.We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated right away.  There were quite a few people there but everyone was spaced evenly. I don't like eating elbow to elbow with people I don't know.   Server spoke english, which is a plus.  Food took about 10-15 mins to come out but it was worth the wait.  I will come back again for sure!
1	This restaurant was quite "phogettable." They give you iceberg lettuce to "wrap" with, the fried egg rolls ("cha gio") were just below mediocre, and the sauce on my grilled pork chop was painfully sweet (I could barely eat more than a few bites, eve after trying to rinse the sweet sauce off with fish sauce). We also found a hair in our food, which always sucks, and there was a fly buzzing in our faces the majority of our time there. The only aspect of the meal that was alright was their Thai iced tea. That was it. The prices were definitely too high and the food was generally bad.
1	Horrible service.
5	I have not had a lot of Vietnamese food, only Pho at Saigon Kitchen out here in Surprise, lots of boba milk tea, and spring rolls at a few places.  My Sisser kept telling me about this place when I told her I want to try more. Well she brought me here the other day to get take out.  It had to be take out cuz we were doing showing off places we like order out dinner night, and I was getting her some beef chow fun for ACE on the other side of the road.  We got a ton of spring rolls and a salad.  They were so NICE to us while we ordered and waited for our food and when they brought it to us we ended up in a great conversation about the love of food and how much they care about what they are doing in their restaurant.  Very impressive.  We couldn't wait to get home to try it and we were starving so we started digging in on the way home... :)  I LOVED the salad, the spring rolls were also very good. The sausage one was my fav, I love the cilantro.  The sweet chili sauce was my fav. I usually love the peanut kind, but that was the only thing I didn't get wowwed by, it was good but not great.  I would still eat it often and enjoy it, I just know I have had better... but this is only for the peanut sauce, everything else was amazing!
4	Just finished eating at unPHOgettable--I LOVE this place (second time I've been there this week). I am new to pho--but from what I can tell, this place gets it right. The servers (because everyone seems to help here) are super sweet and attentive and the food comes out FAST and piping hot. The owner says they cook the broth for 26 hours (and you can tell by how flavorful it is), the noodles are never overcooked, and we always get white meat (which I appreciate).And let's be honest--the name of this place is awesome haha.
5	The best pho ga ive had. they cook their broth something insane like 24 hours and you can tell. the service is super friendly and you can tell the family owned store has a passion for vietnamese cuisine. the bakery beside is a good place for dessert after, too.
5	I am sorry unPhogettable. I am sorry it took me so long to get here. I was told by many about your greatness, but I still took the longer route. At least I got here and now I am here to stay. Your service is awesome. Our waitress, who I think owns the place, was so helpful. The food was delicious. I had an amazing thai tea that was not too sweet, which they usually tend to be. The vermicelli chicken noodles tasted great. Even the dessert of fruit and coconut was great. I had a wonderful time and will be coming back soon!
4	Not a super experienced Vietnamese food consumer, but I appreciate a good bowl of noodle soup, and this was fantastic. Appropriate portion of hot, rich, slightly spicy broth with soft well textured noodles; brisket, shaved ribeye, beef meatballs, a bit of fat, some ribeye cap strips, and tripe in the bowl. Fresh sprouts and greens on the side with a couple slices of pepper and a lime, some great chili sauce and a bit of bean curd sauce on the side - bam. Fantastic service; talked to the owner for a moment and he informed us that they're open all day on the same shift of workers, all of whom were kind and knowledgable (not to mention being on the ball refilling my diet coke). Highly recommended, and definitely returning.
5	This place is so incredible. The staff is ridiculously nice and the Pho well worth it. I will probably be coming here at least once a week!
5	This place is great, the spring rolls here are exceptionally good. The waitress was really nice and we had excellent service. I decided to try something different and had a mild curry beef stew, it was really good. One of my favorite Pho's when I'm in this area.
5	Preston, you need to know about this one. Greeter explained the menu well, staff was friendly and courteous. Had Beef Pho with Brisket and Meatballs. Came with the bean sprouts and fresh thai basil.  Food came out quickly. rice noodles were well cooked. Vietnamese Coffee was good but high calorie. Attached to the Asian Market. One of the best small restaurants visited in a awhile I'll be back and send friends.
5	The place lives up to its name.  A+ experience.Took my family to Scottsdale for R&R and got tired of eating at chain restaurants.  Decided to look for more interesting eatery and found a Vietnamese place near the resort.  Yelp reviews were really bad.  One of the reviews mentioned Unphogettable.  When I looked up Unphogettable on Yelp, there were many positive reviews.  Although the restaurant was 20 miles away, we took a chance and glad we did.This was the first Pho restaurant that I've been to where staff were attentive.  Owner came by to ask if everything was ok.  Wow!  That was the first.By the way, good food too!We will definitely make an effort to go back while we are in town.
5	This is my dad and I favorite lunch spot. Pho-real! Impeccable service and the freshest food. Their spring rolls ate immaculate, fried rice is pretty close to Peruvian friend rice, and their pho is truly unphoghetable. The servers are friendly, the owner always asks you how the food was. Nestled inside the Mekong plaza market this place will meet all your expectations in delicious Vietnamese cuisine.
4	How can I PHOget about you, unPhogettable? My boyfriend had told me many times he had taken to-go pho from here and said it tastes just like how CA's pho . I had to try it myself. Finally got to try it for lunch. with him when I visited and he was right! Out of the other Pho places he had taken me to around Phoenix, this is the most legit pho you can get!  The broth and noodles tastes the same as the ones we have in LA. Thank you Vietnamese chefs who makes good broth!By the way, if you get super full off the food, you can walk around the market! It's an Asian market, so if you live in a area that only has Albert-son, Fry's or Ralph you should definitely stop by for some Asian grocery shopping, maybe you can make some at home and enjoy a Vietnamese meal ;)can't wait to come back again.
4	BEST PORK CHOPS EVER! If you want to take a mini foodcation head over to Mekong Market in Mesa AZ for some of the best Pho in AZ. My first visit involved a romantic dinner date with a succulent, spicy piece of pork that dances on your tastebuds before finding a happy home in your tummy! (Now I am officially drooling) I'm sure everything else is just as good but I cannot stop ordering these darn chops! Once I get the recipe I will bump them up to 5 stars, until then I will continue to dream of this sweet ,sweet pork until we meet again.
5	First off, the pho here is the best in Mesa/Tempe. Also, the owner is so kind and friendly! And the staff is really accommodating when it comes to suggesting vegetarian dishes. A little pricey, but the all around quality here is well worth it."
5	My favorite restaurant in all of the Greater Phoenix area, I have no idea how many times I have been here. Their Pho is the best I have ever had (including the San Francisco Area). Their service is amazing, and they take the time to answer your questions and explain the menu.  The name explains exactly what this restaurant is, unPhogettable.
4	The pho is so yummy and ingredients are fresh! The staff is super friendly.
4	Pretty good. Looked it up on Google Local. Only one size. Recommend at least once. Also, the shrimp, rice paper roll is really good (A1). You should try it.
5	Super delicious!  They have super flavorful broth in the beef pho. Love the sides of mint and jalepeno. Have been 3 times in the last month.  Can't beat 10 for a filling and yummy dinner.
5	Love love this place!!! It's a cute little place connected to a super market. It's clean and busy!! Great customer service! Everyone is super friendly and attentive! The portions of the pho are huge but it is so delicious ! The broth is so so yummy ! We also get the egg rolls that are so good too! Who knew shrimp and sausage would taste good together!?!
4	I went back with my name twin yesterday for lunch. Flavor of the pho ga is pretty consistant. I wish I came starving so I would eat the whole thing but I can never finish the huge bowl.
3	Friendly service, average pho, $9.00 for a bowl of pho. Flavor was good, but not great. Restaurant is clean, decor is modern, and right out the front door of the restaurant is the Asian supermarket. Heavily Asian clientele, so not sure if it's due to the proximity to the Asian supermarket, or if I need to try more items on the menu.
5	My friend Steve turned me on to this place over a year ago, and Chan's unPhogettable is, for me, the final word on Pho in the valley.The portions are incredible, the staff is so warm and friendly, and the Mekong Market is always a fun place to shop after an extremely satisfying meal. Tip: TRY THE VIETNAMESE ICED COFFEE. There's a ritual to it, which is half the fun. The other half is DELICIOUS ICED COFFEE.
4	Probably the tastiest Pho broth I have had lately. Friendly, prompt and efficient service. Good menu selection and nice atmosphere. Good selection of desserts and drinks. Slightly higher prices that other Pho restaurants in the area.
4	I live in the area and shop in the Mekong plaza from time to time so I decided to check this place out for Pho. It's very casual, you can sit anywhere you like. It's a smaller restaurant with TV's around and tables for big groups and couples. I ordered my chicken pho to go and waited only 5 minutes (I didn't call ahead to order just walked in). Staff was very friendly and even offered me a glass of water while I waited. The pho itself is a very generous portion and for those that have never had it, it's like a soup on steroids! The broth is so fragrant and tasty...you add in the rice noodles, meat and veggies yourself. I really liked this place and would recommend!
5	If you frequent Mekong plaza, then you have probably seen unPhogettable on your way in. unPhogettable is a great place for Pho. I am a big fan of noodle soups and I loved the vegetarian Pho. The service was friendly and the overall experience was very nice.
1	This the second time I tried this place I would have to say Never again... I really would like to Forget this place exist.  MY usual Pho place was closed and I needed Pho to help me recover from the night before... So here I went with my kids.  Walking in was pleasant We got greeted, seated, and menus in hand.  I didn't like that they did not give my son a menu, he can read his 13.  Anyways we started out with the egg rolls and I got  Pho with meat and  my son got the chicken breast with rice and a child's pho for my little girl.  When the egg rolls came I was like WTH really iceberg lettuce to wrap my egg rolls : ( . Not impressed . Then it took awhile for our soups and entree to come out and when it arrived... DISAPPOINTMENT!!! Now everybody should  know that the broth is what matters and it tasted like chicken/beef broth, the beansprouts and basil looked sad.  The basil looked like it was picked over. My sons chicken didn't look like a chicken breast.  It looked like they took half of the breast and half it again then smash it flat.  it was too sweet and uneatable. The service is good and the food is Phogettable.
4	Coming from the Bay Area in NorCal, where my mom had a Vietnamese restaurant for 7 years, I have high expectations and this is one of the first places whereI have enjoyed the pho and the fresh spring rolls!  Delicious and I will definitely be back.
5	I had lunch here today with co workers and it was absolutely delicious! Cannot wait to go back gain.
1	Our food here is usually decent, expensive for what you get, but decent However, this time I ordered the beef curry stew and it was DISGUSTING! Watered down broth and nothing but globs of fat and a few shreds of beef. The "manager" doesn't have a clue. Pathetic. None of us will return.
3	This place will leave you unphogettable, whether it be good or bad.I have visited this place 4 times now.First trip: with my wife and daughter.Food was good, egg rolls good, then main course. It took 20 minutes for then to bring us 1 pho (for my wife), and 1 rice vermicelli with pork (only dish I ever eat).My dish was good, and seemed like the portion was big, until my pork disappeared and the only thing left was lettuce. I think they included a small head of lettuce, little bit of noodles, and a tiny amount of meat.Second trip: by myself since my wife delivered our second baby girl, and I wanted to surprise her with comfort food.Ordered a chicken Pho, and kids chicken Pho (for my daughter) to go.Server girl tells me that they do not make kids pho to go. Now I'm mad, but don't want to make a scene. I ask if I can get a side of noodles to go, in which she says "yes". I ask if I can get a small side of pho soup to go, in which she says "yes". Chicken? "yes"I'm thinking WTF is different from child's pho than what I ordered?Took my order and left no tip due to her stupidity!Third trip: with my wife, mom, and our now two daughters.Pretty much same order as first trip, but my mom ordered same as me.My wife, being Vietnamese didn't learn English until her late teens, always orders in Vietnamese (hey we are in a Vietnamese restaurant right?). I guess either the server we had didn't know Vietnamese, or was of a different nationality because no matter what my wife said, she ignored my wife and kept asking "what number?"Again my food (and my moms) was pretty much a whole head of lettuce, little noodles, and little meat.Fourth trip: with my wife, our two daughters, my mom, and my moms husband.Almost same order as last time, but I ordered rice vermecilli with beef, my mom and my wife order it with pork, and my step father orders pho.All of our food comes out, and again a whole head of lettuce, bla bla bla.But wait, my wife's food is not here, and the server is at the othe side of the place laughing and chatting with friends. Everyone is pretty much finished, and still no food for my wife. I go get the server and tell her that my wife didn't get her food. She comes over and tells my wife that she is not sure what happened. She goes to the kitchen, then comes back and says she forgot to order it for us, but put it in now. My wife tells her "okay, please remember it needs to be Pork. A little bit later the server brings her rice vermecilli with beef.My wife tells her "I ordered Pork, and I reminded you that it was pork". The server tells my wife "no, you order beef. I heard you say beef".Then almost at the same time, my mom and I tell her very loudly "I ORDERED BEEF, AND IT WAS OVER 30 MINUTES AGO!!!". So now the server is just standing there mumbling something, but does not offer to fix it or anything, she just keeps standing there. So my mom says she will eat the beef, and we will take the rest home and add pork to it for my wife. As I dump it into a to go box, my wife says "wow, that must be a whole head of lettuce there". Finally I was not the only one to notice.My mom offered to pay, and as we were walking out, the owner says "do you want me to replace meat with pork?"Even though the food was descent tasting, we will never go back there again after those repeated experiences.Their horrible service deffinately makes them unphogettable, but in a bad way.
4	Had the #1 Pho and it was amazing! Also had the Autumn Rolls, which were great especially with the peanut sauce. The service is great and the owners are friendly and very appreciative of their customers. This place is a hidden gem. Glad I work nearby!...
3	pros...1.  the veg are fresh2.  the restaurant is clean.  love it.  must give the owner a 5 stars on cleanliness of the place, even the sauces on the table (covers were not covered w/spilled sauces).3.  convenientcons...1.  expensive2.  service is very slow (you will be frustrated if you are hungry).  we went there 4 times and it average about 20 minutes for the 1st order to come and there was a time the 2nd bowl of noodles takes another 20 minutes.3.  the beef in the beef noodles are lean meat.  I prefer fatty beef when I eat Vietnamese noodles just like how they do it in Chicago or LA.
5	So far I have only had pho tai chin and it was fantastic. I am glad to have found a great pho joint so close to me! Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu!Edit: Awesome, absolutely great. I have gone many, many times for late breakfast or lunch and I am never disappointed. The waitstaff is very friendly and always on the spot for drink refills and advice on what to get! I cannot recommend enough!
4	Just recently moved to Phx and have had many people refer me to this restaurant for pho. I have been here on numerous occasions and have had the best food every time.  I prefer the #13 and the fried egg rolls. The vegetarian egg rolls are very delicious as well.
4	I've tried four different pho places in the Valley and this is one of the best. It is on the more expensive side but I have been here about six times and the pho has been good everytime. The spring rolls are really good as well. Have not tried anything else there.
5	Took my daughter her for lunch and since it was cold today for Phoenix we both ordered the pho.   It was very very good.  The portions were huge with tons of meat and noodles.  The broth was uber tasty.  This pho is better then our stand by place we always go to and the portions were bigger and cheaper.  There was quite the variety of pho and soup to choose from.  I will come back here again.
4	The decor is modern. The servers were very polite and nice (unlike many viet restaraunts..sorry lol). The Pho I got was BOMB! Clean broth, no fat (I do like fatty broth too). Could have added a little more meat. The egg rolls were also very good! Only down side is the PRICE. $8 for a bowl of pho is expensive. But because of the taste and service, I will be coming here again...and again.
5	Incredible.  I eat Vietnamese food in many cities and this is the best.  I usually order the same dish and have come to recognize if fresh ingredients are used.  This restaurant is great for quality and flavor of the food, clean and fantastic staff who are friendly and know their menu.  You will love it.
5	The pic on yelp sold me!  Good pho is in short supply in the valley, and having traveled to Vietnam, I can say this food is how it should be.  I'm looking forward to coming back! I would have never found this place had I not bought the Groupon.  They have made me a believer!  See you again soon!
4	My friend took me here about 3 months ago, so the review is a little late.  After a night at the casinos, we all felt like pho the next morning.  I wasn't expecting much because Hawaii in my mind has the best Pho, but I was pleasantly surprised here.   Service was awesome, great...rare beef pho, and crispy egg rolls.  It's nice to know that a place like this exists.  I've tried others in the valley, and this way better than those!
4	great Pho, very friendly owner and great service. Pho is on the pricey side
3	I used to love this place. We came here weekly. Now a days not so much, you see the last couple times I've shown up 45 minutes before closing (1st time) then an hour and fifteen minutes (2nd time) they've told me they were closed. Kind of bullshit to have a different time listed on your door if you ask me! Anyways, decent for pho. That's all I recommend there though.
3	this place didn't live up to the hype!I love pho, and usually I am not picky about broth, but I felt the broth here was really flavorless. on top of that, the beef was pretty tough. and for $8/bowl, I wasn't feeling it.the positives are that the servers are friendly (although a little too pushy - when my friend asked what drinks they had, the server turned to the back of the menu and insisted on reading through every single item; also we were asked 4 different times what drinks we wanted; AND 4 different times if we were ready to order). also they give you plenty of bean sprouts, mint, and lime for your pho. and it is clean.
3	I feel weird saying this as criticism... but where is my beef tripe?  I asked for tripe, along with flank steak in my beef pho, but I came off feeling like some sort of rich guy.  I dunno... there's something to all those non-choice cuts of animals that makes a meal authentic.Alright, the pho portion sizes are huge, the broth is quite flavorful and served acceptably hot (could be scalding-ier though), the vermicelli is good (hard to screw that up), cuts of meat were tender, greens abundant.  A solid bowl.I'm less impressed with their Bun Bo Hue.  The noodles are very tender, again cuts of meat are tender, but there is absolutely no heat to the broth.  Also, I'm not sure if it's a culinary choice by unPhogettable chefs, but no congealed blood?Service is quick and the staff is very friendly.  Despite being a sit-down restaurant with table service, the atmosphere inside has a very cafeteria feel.  (It's hard to put in words, but when you step inside, it makes more sense)  Prices are a bit on the high side for a pho joint, but still very reasonable and by no means expensive.  Portion sizes are large.  Definitely more trips for the pho, but as a Bun Bo Hue afficionado, that was a bit disappointing.
5	I absolutely love this place.  I have never had a bad meal here and I don't understand the bad reviews I see.  The soup is always so incredibly hot and delicious - the meat is plentiful and tender.  The staff and the owner are always friendly and nearby for any of your needs.   The only reason they close early is because they sometimes run out of soup.  This is an intricate soup that has to cook for many hours before being served.  Thanks unPHOgettable!!
4	It's good although portions could be a little bigger. Located outside of a grocery store which is useful to keep their ingredients fresh. They probably just go to the store when they run out of veggies or something. Freshest veggies I have seen at a Pho place. I'll definitely stop by again the next time I'm in Arizona.
5	The food here is great and the service is even better. And it's really clean.
4	I normally want to avoid a kitschy place like this that white-washes everything. Well, it proved me wrong.This place had the most outstanding service of any place, pho or otherwise, that I've been to, especially on a packed Friday evening. Quick table, ordering, and constantly making sure I was doing good. It took a little longer for the pho, but when it's a packed house, it's understandable. They seemed to work quick and hard there, even fixing up some messed up orders at the table next to me.Had a typical pho tai, which was served already in the broth. Again, understandable to help ease health concerns, but still trying to find a place where I can cook it to my liking. The broth is as the other reviewers have said: flavorless. I had to mix in other condiments, but I did like their version of sriracha. Price point was also a negative as well.Overall, it was a fine place, with the only dings being the price and bland broth, but the service really makes me like being there. I would definitely be open to future visits.
4	I was visiting from CT and when compared to my local pho, this pho restaurant is great.  The portions are large and the price is inexpensive.  The broth is rich and smooth.  The restaurant asked if I understood what I was ordering; to be certain I would not get an unpleasant surprise.  The owner came to check on us to make sure we had a great meal.  I would definitely recommend.
4	We live right around the corner from the Mekong Plaza, so this is our go-to place for Pho and good Vietnamese. The portions are more than generous, my partner and I can usually share a bowl and still leave more than satisfied. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here. Both the beef and chicken based broths are flavourful, the cuts of meat are excellent. Neither of us have ever ended up with a fatty or chewy piece of meat, be it beef or chicken. Even my partner's 10 year old inhaled the Pho, and he's a picky little guy! Try the Vietnamese version of diamond ice for dessert, if you like trying new things. Made with coconut milk instead of condensed milk, it's a refreshing way to cool off once the weather gets hot. Whether you get Pho or one of the rice or vermicelli dishes, you'd be hard-pressed to find a dish that was really good. Add that to the super friendly and attentive staff, and you've got one very highly recommended Vietnamese restaurant! The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the price. Bowls of Pho are $8-$9, which is a little high comparatively. If they could drop the price a couple bucks, they'd easily be a 5 star!
5	If you are a big fans in viet food, this is definitely a place you looking for.  The place is clean and neat.  The food are so delicious that you won't regret to visit.  Definitely will visit again!
5	So I have never tried Pho before and my friend and I went to try this restaurant. He has already had it and he loves it and said that i absolutely needed to try it:) We went and it was super packed! We went on a Sunday night. It was very lively. We decided to get the veggie pho with tofo in it. We saw from the reviews that the portions are generous and we don't eat too much food at once, so we decided to split it.  and it was definitely more than enough! We also ordered the shrimp and pork spring rolls as an appetizer with that peanut sauce and omgoshhh that was sooo yummmyyyyyy. Never had that before and it was amazing! and also a side of white rice- which is always yummy in my book :)I absolutely loved the pho! love how they fried the tofo, because im kinda iffy when it comes to tofu but this was really yummy. i didnt add to much sauce to it, just jalapeno for spice and i added the additional veggies. for someone who has never had pho i really enjoyed this meal and i tend to crave it alot! i will definitely be coming back here!!! I also love the plaza/mall that they have! very nice :)
1	Worst service I've had in a long time. The waitress was snotty and literally couldn't do the basic math necessary for me to pay my bill (gave her a $20 bill and she sat there like 'um, 20 minus 12.44 is....uh....uh....'). Pho broth was overly salty. It took more than ten minutes to get my bill and I had to go up and ask for it. I will never, ever, go back.
3	I gotta say the pho was ok at best. The broth was bland and there was not much meat nor noddles. The "fixings" were lacking as well. Service was fine, but with so many pho options in the valley I find it hard press to return.
5	Best Pho in town, period!!!
5	Yep, this place is a winner.  I've been here twice, and left happy both times.I love that they have vegetarian pho (with tofu and veggies instead of meat) and the service is incredible - you can tell they really love their business and their customers.  I will absolutely be stopping here whenever I'm in the area.FYI, they don't serve beer/booze, but you can buy it in the market next door and bring it in!
5	Why do I need to write a 5 star review?  Because they deserve it!Chicken Pho with great broth, generous chicken and lots of condiments-- 5 stars  Vegetable Rolls with peanut sauce --fresh and tasty---5 starsChow Fun noodles with veggies (I added beef too) Good flavors 5 starsService:  waitresses were charming and efficient ---- 5 stars.Value: good pricing for the quantity and quality of the food-- 5 starsMy first time here but it won't be my last!  YUM! : )
4	I don't always eat Pho, but when I do I, prefer un-Phogettable.
5	This is my favorite pho place in the valley. Though I live in downtown Phoenix, I sometimes work in the East Valley. The service is excellent and fast. When we ask for extra limes, they bring them and do not charge extra (some places charge for little things like this).  The pho is in a huge bowl and comes with the usual extras.  I tend to always bring home leftovers, just a tasty the next day. I've tried a few pho places in the valley, and this is by far the best one.
5	This place is incredible...I can't give it enough stars!! I had never had Pho before and my boyfriend wouldn't stop talking about this place. I finally decided to try it with him and now I ask him every other day if we can go get some Pho. The servers are always amazing and sweet and I've never had bad food there once. Love love love this place!
5	Best pho in the area. period.  Especially useful to soothe a sore throat or clear sinuses.
5	I love this place my best friend and I eat here once a month even though we live pretty far.
2	Pho was decent at best. Too expensive for what they're serving, I would rather go across the street for the same pho tai bo vien at half the price.
4	Before unPhoegettable I had never tasted vietnamese food, after trying pho for the first time I automatically fell in love with it and added to my faves. I've tried other restaurants that serve pho, from holes in the wall to fancy places and nothing still nothing compares to this place. The crispy pork rolls are out of this world. Service can be better thats why I gave it four stars. To make this review simple...this place is unpho-king-believable.
5	Best pho I have found. My friend and I have "Pho Phridays" and eat there every time we want pho. Fresh ingredients every time and everyone there is super friendly. They remember their regulars and make sure to seek us out to make sure everything is to our satisfaction. I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Being a Californian from Los Angeles has spoiled me because I never knew that Vietnamese food could get so expensive lol. Over $10 for a bowl of pho that is considered a size small in the SGV? WHAT? Anyway, I don't like pho. Never did, never will. So obviously I didn't try the pho here but I did get the vermicelli with egg rolls and pork, as well as the bi cuon and those two were okay. The vermicelli was sweeter than the ones in LA for some reason (maybe it's that fish sauce) and for $9, I guess it's okay. 2 small rolls of bi cuon for $5 was a blasphemy to me because back in the LA or even the OC, we could get 4 rolls for the same price that tasted much better. But, the ones here were still decent so I'm not complaining.Overall: Food is good, prices could be better but hey since they don't have much competition, I guess it's okay.
2	Have been to this place many times. Would visit it twice a week. Such a regular that the server already knew my order. Last time I was there I found a worm in my soup. All they did was offer an apology and that's it. Even though I did not even eat half of my food they still made me pay for it. It's unfortunate that the food is good but treatment to loyal customers is so bad.
4	The pho here is the best I have ever had - amazing broth.  The other food, I would not recommend.  There is another place just a couple of blocks away with better spring rolls/pork/shrimp/beef.  Again, pho here is simply perfect.  But the meat dishes here are usually overlooked - beef has that over cooked beef taste, pork in the spring rolls also has that overlooked tasted, and the shrimps are cooked to the point of being dry.
3	I used to make fun of unPhogettable. Because their pho was very forgettable. But then their flavor has gotten better recently and they're more fully staff now. Which means better service!!! That is the most improved aspect.Blue Moon used to be my choice because it was super cheap but not that great. Now they raised prices and it's still not that great. And then there was that other pho place on Southern and Extension that had a double murder occur which made it shut down. Now that place was good but it's closed indefinitely.Now back to this place...I usually order the Beef pho #1 and like I said, flavor is getting better. It's probably your best bet in the Tempe/Mesa area so I recommend that you give this place a try. I think soon, they will earn my 4th star.
5	I love this place. The food is always top notch and the servings are large. Worth every penny. Friendly , helpful staff. I will continue frequenting this awesome restaurant.
5	Best place ever get the #4
3	This is the first time we had eatten Pho and did not really know what to expect or for that matter what it really was.  Turns out it is broth, noodles, some veggies and different types of beef or chicken or seafood, but you probably already knew that. I had the number 1 (can't remember what it was called).  It was a beef broth with noodles and I added the veggies.  It had beef brisket, flank steak, beef tripe and tendon and beef meatballs.  It sounds like a lot but trust me it wasn't.  I mean there was a lot of noodles and broth but the meat and veggie portions were extremely skimmpy.  (Hence the 3 star rating)  The meat was also a little on the bland side but if you mixed the hot sauces in with it, it tasted better.  My girlfriend had the number 9 which included beef brisket and flank steak.  She also thought the same as I, but for some reason hers had an almost overpowering taste of cinnimon.  The service was beyond great and the lady that was either the owner or manager came to our table and talked to us for a few minutes.  She explained everything and also gave us suggestions.  We also had the soft spring rolls as an appetizer.  One thing I didn't expect was that they were served cold.  I think that we will probably go back and try it again but order something different.
4	If you are a Pho-natic like I am you will really like this place.  The broth is fantastic. They cook the beef bones and herb/spice broth for nearly 24hr.  The meet is fresh and tender. Lots of noodles and friendly service. One of the owners came to our table and had us try a few new things. It was refreshing to see a place the gets great reviews and stands up to its reputation.I would certainly visit again.
5	This is probably the best bun place in the valley.  It is attached to the asian market and less intimate and restarauntey, but the awesome food totally makes up for it.  The portions are HUGE as well!
5	Best Pho place in town. Their secret is in the broth which enhanced everything in the soup especially the rice noodles.I would drive 20 miles just for their Pho.
4	Pho Tai here was A-okWas happy to see all the condiments around as well as fish sauce.(Sriracha was in a generic plastic bottle instead of its namesake package)A strong force in Pho-land in Pho-enix would like to see some more noodles/meat to bump it up to the level of SF Pho places.
4	Love this place! I am a huge fan of the # 9 but my new fav is #24. This place is very clean and always full of customers. They keep the A/C on and it's nice and cool just like it should be in the summertime. The employees here are awesome too. Always very nice and seem to remember everyone! That's the kind of restaurant I love!!
5	Always amazing service! Always amazing pho! Add veggies to a meat dish! The spring rolls A1 & A6 are the best in town!!! We are now here on a weekly basis.
5	Very good food, very good service, very good prices. We liked the setting and that the owner came to talk to us. Very fresh and delicious! Will return!
5	I love this place. The food was great and the people was even better. Super nice and friendly. I ordered bun bo hue and it is the best Ive had. My family had pho and they loved it! This is a must go to pho place if you're in AZ!!
4	Walked in for take out and immediately wanted to stay... buzzing with patrons, a heavenly smell you could almost taste, and a super friendly owner that had us at 'hello'.But what about the food?Having lived in Singapore and traveled through Asia, this is one of the most authentic Viet restaurants I've been lucky to visit on this side of the Pacific.  Portions are not huge but more than satisfied.  And the taste was spot on, very fresh and authentic.Props also for the nice modern decor, so refreshing in a world of cheesy Asian restaurants with hi-five kitties behind the register.  We'll be back for sure.
5	So good. The bowls of pho are huge and served up quick. Service is top notch and this place stays busy. The peanut sauce that comes with the spring rolls is the best!
5	Great atmosphere, the soup is amazing and fast and friendly service. The food is healthy, all natural with no additives. A must try!
5	I love this place! It's very clean and the staff is very friendly - the owner is usually there and is very attentive. My husband, daughter and I go every week and haven't had any issues.We always order the #9 (beef pho) and the combination fried rice. Both are delicious. The fried rice is very light and not greasy - my daughter loves it, it is a very big portion, so be prepared to box it up (it does reheat very well too).I recommend this place over any of the other pho restaurants in the area - by far the best we've had.
2	Had the Pho dac biet here for lunch. It was ok. Was expecting a bit more since it had a 4 star average on Yelp. Not worth $8.75 a bowl.
5	The owner is what makes this place POPPING! Down to earth people and no bs. I'm from California and I'm very meticulant on the type of pho I go to. This is by far THEE BEAT OR EVEN BETTER THEN CALIFORNIA! Try this out . The only negatives is probably that it gets busy at night...they probably need to make it bigger!!
5	this place was pretty awesome. cheap, quality food, great customer service and quick. Somehow the laws of physics cease to exist on their stoves cause they get your food out fast.. Over all the food was great
5	My family has been coming here for two years.  We have vegetarians in our group who are always able to find something to eat.  The kids love the chicken wings.  The food and appetizers have never disapointed.  It helps that the owner is a graduate of Penn State!  We always plan a shopping trip in the market after dinner - a great place to find all those unique spices from around the world.
5	I've been here a handful of times and always try something different. Still, I am always pleased when I leave. Great food and great service. I highly recommend!
3	I'm really not a fan.  But I could be bias because I lived in So Cal, and grew up eating San Gabriel Valley and Garden Grove pho really makes you a pho connoisseur.  My boyfriend did warn me to lower my expectations but for a place that has this many good reviews I would imagine it being good. I don't think I got my pho fix, the portions are small.  Gave it an extra star because the staff are really attentive and nice.
5	My wife loves this kind of food. Not so much myself. Great quality food in just a meet and potatoes kinda guy. Service here is impeccable. These people got their shit together. If Asian cuisine is your thing, then this place is truly unphogetable.
1	Most horrible I've ever had!  Over-cooked noodles, bland base and the manager/owner happened to stop by and asked how was everything, after I told him, he walked away saying or doing nothing. Overpriced and bad food.  I am never eating there ever again.
5	My favorite noodle soup in the Valley! If you are unsure whether you are a fan of tripe or not, try it here. They do it the best!
3	I would rate this place 3.5 stars.  I really need my .5 star for many of my reviews.  Again, we picked this restaurant partly of its name and good reviews.  The name is very catchy and I wont Phoget for a long time.  however, their Pho did not live up to its name.  It's unPhogettable but not in a good way.  The broth was a little too strong.  I think the cook added too much star anise so it was quite overwhelming.  DH ordered Bun Bo Hue.  He said it was only okay.  My friends also ordered Pho bo and they thought the same thing.  The service was excellent.  Our waitress kept asking if we needed anything else.  The owner also came over to say hi and asked about the food.  I wasn't sure if I should tell her the truth or not.  I ended up telling her that everything was great.  I should have told her what I thought of her broth and maybe she should go easy on the star anise.  Oh well... maybe next time.What do you say in this situation?
4	UnPHOgettable that's what you areUnPHOgettable though near or farLike a soup of love that sings to meHow the thought of you does things to meNever before has something been moreUnPHOgettable in every wayAnd forever more, that's how you'll stayThat's why, darling, it's incredibleThat something so unPHOgettableThinks that I'm unforgettable tooLyrics by Pho King ColeI'm a sucker for that golden life blood broth that like the sun to superman recharges me from my drunken escapades. Granted it's not the best, lets face it, this is Arizona, the hotbed of Vietnamese cuisine, right?Told by people in the know that this is the best they have and that if I'm in need to come here. Yes I was in needs. Hungover and feeling like a penny I looked like I just spend 40 days in the desert instead of 40 hours in the city.Went with my standard spring rolls and large pho with extra tripe and meatballs, no tendon or flank. Soup was clean of debris from the parboil. Not oily slicked, but to me could use a deeper degree of coriander and spices. Noodles were looks and not packed at the bottom, plenty of room to mix and generous condiments. Spring rolls were tight, light, but could use more noodles. Peanut sauce could have the crumbled peanuts be more pronounced. Light on the fish sauce. An excellent meal.I was surprised they had a sister store in Virginia Beach, soo far from Arizona. The next day, same sob story, hurting from the night before I treid the Mi Vit Tiem, roasted duck leg soup, earthy, not gamey, rich and flavorful, but didn't have the same effect as my beloved pho. Kind of classy. Service is great, totally family run. Prices are average, parking is stripmall ish and plenty. The Vietnamese coffee was the only real downfall. Kind of weak in my opinion. Just thick and I had to ask for extra ice. Not bad for Arizona.Love how they open at 9am, but close really early between 8-8:30.
2	The food here was alright, not the best I've had, but the service my family got was absolutely horrible! They were extremely rude and very UN attentive. The portions also weren't too big. Will only come back if all the other pho places in AZ are closed..
5	Tried unPHOgettable, the name captured me. Had #8 pho and my brother had #25, they were both ridiculously delicious. My pho was cooked amazingly well, added tofu, which was brilliant, and the jasmin iced tea was pretty great as well. Anybody who wants a well priced delicious bowl of pho, this is your next stop!
2	Wasn't really for me. The food wasn't bad, I just didn't really enjoy it. It was bland and I'm not a fan of meat and noodles in water. I probably wouldn't choose to come back here.
4	I've come here probably half a dozen times now. Not only do I go around to restaurants and eat pho, I also make it at home. I like taking the lazy way sometimes and going out to eat instead of nursing a pot for a third of the day. This place is where I like to go whenever I'm in the area or going to Mekong. The food is delicious. The beef broth in my beef pho was flavorful and not overly salty. Parking is plentiful of course from being in a shopping plaza. The eggrolls are delicious. They're not stuffed with nothing but vegetables like other places. The prices are reasonable. Higher than what I pay at my corner spot but in a better location so I could reason why the price would be a hair higher.The place is medium sized and clean. CLEAN is how I like my Asian restaurants. The owner is a nice guy and the staff is friendly.Anyways, to sum it up: I'll recommend this to anyone that is  PHOking hungry.
2	Great Pho but I don't tip at this place. I found out a while ago from a few workers there that the owners take the tip from the servers. One worker went on to say that even if I tried and put the money in their apron, they would still get in trouble if they don't give it to the owners. There are cameras everywhere. I thought that was kind of sad..so I rate this place a 2 star for good pho but bad business pratice. So remember to not tip!
4	Pho was amazing!!!! This was my first Pho experience, but I loved it! I am coming back! Had the number #13, lean pork. They gave me a lot, I could not finish it.
5	Always a great time here.  Today I opted for the wonton soup.  I think it's the best in the valley with fresh wontons, a great broth, and little pieces of shrimp and fish cake in there.  The BBQ pork also adds to the flavor.  This place never dissapoints.
5	We just got done having an early dinner here and it was excellent! My boyfriend had the beef Pho and I had the chicken Mi Ga. Absolutely flavorful and just all out delicious! The staff was friendly and was courteous as well as accommodating when we let them know of my boyfriend's shellfish allergy. They actually helped him pick a safer broth. The portions are huge so we'll have plenty for lunch tomorrow too. I can't wait to come back here! This place truly is unPhogettable!
5	Okay. I know there are several places to try but this place by far is the best in the east valley for Pho. The staff are friendly & eager to please your appetite. The Pho Ga is our families favorite. I prefer my order with half vegatables & chicken. The broth alone is delicious if you don't like to add spicy hot sauce or sweet hoisin sauce. The staff also recommended the combonation fried rice. It is the best tasting fried rice I've had in a very long time. It has chunks of bbq pork ribs, chicken & a few shrimp which i don't mind because the balance works well together. The spring rolls are also a great appetizer w/ peanut dipping sauce. Overall it's the best having ate other Pho joints in rural & local areas.
2	This is quite a turnaround from my prior visits to Unphogettable and from my last review.  I dropped by today to have some PHOs which my husband, in particular, adores.  It is probably his favorite Vietnamese indulgence.  We ordered chicken phos only to find the broth to be almost tasteless (the word almost is my concession).  I found the chicken meat to be rather strange-- thick slices of what appeared to be chicken but tasted more like turkey breast.  Is that so bad you ask? Well, I found the meat to have a tough, flavorless consistency.  As a cook, I have a feeling that the broth was created with some commercial bouillon and then pieces of chicken? turkey? were thrown in.  This makes sense considering that most of their menu is soup based.  They have to be using alternative ways of creating broth. When I make chicken soup, the meat in its bone creates the broth and then you pull the meat off the bone and voila! a delicious, meaty  chicken broth.  This was not the case here.It was probably the worst PHO we have had in a long time.  My husband commented that the PHO we had in Paris, France was one hundred percent better than this PHO??  Can you believe the french make better PHO than Vietnamese in Mesa?  I remember the PHO in Paris so I can't disagree.  The point here is that Unphogettable better step up its game because you can live on your past reputation for only so long.  I did notice that there were not many ethnics eating here only non-vietnamese locals.  I am beginning to wonder if these people are the ones rating the place 4 and 5 stars when Unphogettable no longer serves good food and has basically lost its mojo.  BTW, a little research led me to fact that their regular chef is no longer there.  I ,  for one , am NOT returning either.(The service was fine).
4	The young lady that helped us was very friendly and the flavor of the pho was good. Just right across the street from my work-out place and so yummy!
5	Love this place! The broth is unbelievable. The chicken pho is my favorite and their spring rolls are amazing!
5	Everything here is $2 more than any other pho place in the valley I've been to, but I will gladly pay it because their broth is MAGICAL!!!The flavor just keeps going and going and going....you take a spoonful of it in your mouth and the flavors just seep sweetly into your tongue. It is amazing. I love it. This was the first pho I tried in the valley, and every other place I go to just cannot live up to it (although I do love how much cheaper the other places are lol). I have never eaten dine-in here, I have only done pickup during my lunch break. I love calling ahead, picking up a couple things from mekong market and swinging by to get my magical broth. This place has definitely lived up to it's name.
4	Went there for the first time not knowing what to expect...We were recommended by one of the waitress to try the Pho since is the usual dish they serve there and how is served (big plus)...So we ordered a number 1 (all meats Pho), a number 21 (Shrimp Pho) and an A1 (spring rolls appetizer)...After trying the appetizers we were surprised by the taste and couldn't wait for the main dish to arrive...Once they arrived, we started eating (although we had some issues handling the chopsticks) and i was blown away...i would definitely go back for more...
5	Best pho ever! I travel 100% for work and eat pho in every city! Not only was it the best Pho Tai, but the staff and owners treat everyone like family!
4	This is a good, clean place if you want some Vietnamese food.  I am not a huge fan of their pho (and I've lived in Los Angeles and San Diego where I have been exposed to amazing pho), but the rest of their food is good.  I specifically love the S5 which is the egg noodle soup with duck. I have had this dish at many other places and never has it been as good as it is here because most other places make it too sweet.  The service here is also great, and I have met the owner and his wife on several occasions and both are really great people and really care about their customers. Ingredients are always fresh such as the jalapenos and basil given on the side. And there are TVs if you want to stop by during a game that you don't want to miss.
2	I LOVE pho & wanted to get a quick pho near the Mekong grocery store so we came in. I'm only one year new to Phoenix & have been trying as many pho places as possible. The service was quick but the servers we short & rude. I ordered the pho with everything. This place may be called unphogettable but my pho was very phogettable. It was under average & the prices are the most expensive that I've seen in Phoenix. I will not be coming here for pho again.
5	This is my favorite pho place, and I've tried a couple others in the valley. The service is the fast, the staff is friendly (and remember you if you're a regular), and the food is yummy! I love the peanut sauce that accompanies the spring rolls and the pho hits the spot every time.
3	(Lyrics - Nat King Cole - Unforgettable)UnPhogettable, that's where I amUnPhogettable in Mekong PlazaLike a sauce that's fishy that clings to meHow the taste of Pho does things to meNever before have I ate this much and moreUnPhogettable in every wayAdd basil's and lime, that's how I'll rollThat's why, darling, it's incredibleThat some place like UnPhogettable Thinks that I am UnPhogettable too!UnPhogettable is one to remember when it comes to Pho restaurants.  Every ones trying to be creative and this one definitely catches the eye and ears.  UnPhogettable is located right at the entrance of Mekong Plaza, an Asian grocery store, which is a prime location.  One of the first to open around that area so kudos to jump and the wagon so quick.  I ordered the Pho of course and so did my friend.  Nice warm to hot broth is important to me and this place didn't disappoint.  The beef round is which I'm used to is not used here unfortunately.  Instead it's cut into a triangular shaped and much small portions.  Too bad, cause that would have been the way I liked it.  The side condiments came in a small saucer dish.  Now I can appreciate that cause I only use so much.  For those of you that loves a lot of basil, cilantro, jalapeno, and bean sprouts...you will be disappointed.  Overall, the Pho doesn't blow my mind, but it's okay.  Service hits with a bang and I enjoy the black t-shirt uniforms instilled here.  Most Pho restaurants don't even have uniforms. - Enjoy!
5	Fabulous pho!   The owner Chan was very nice and informative (I brought a first timer!). And dorothy n other servers were so nice and helpful!  cant wait to go back!!
2	Disappointed? Yes...I have no intention in offending anyone and I apologize in advance for my bluntness.  When I sat down waited to order, I noticed most races other than Asians came in to eat...I started to have bad feelings about the place because with the experiences that I've encountered...almost 9 out of 10 pho restaurants that has more Americans or other races other than Asians eating means the place is not going to be good or only average. The reason is...Most Asians (often Vietnamese) knows their Pho so if the PHo is WHOA and worth it then definitely they will crowd up the place...(I am not hating or anything but this is indeed true) if u disagreed or dislike what u read, please move forward to someone's else review that fit your eyes IMO if you're going to charge people overpriced food then you need to make it extremely good! Like out of the ordinary...I am not a pro on food but I ate pho since I was a child and have tried tons of pho to know which ones taste good.The pho here is not the worst but it ain't the best...it's average. PHO GAN (PHO W/ TENDONS ONLY) ABOUT $9 PHO TAI (PHO w/ sliced beef) about $10Bun thit nuong cha gio (rice noodle w/ pork meat & egg rolls) egg rolls were not cut...they gave only 1 full egg roll. About $10 something + $1 something for 1 egg roll...The pho itself was cooked at the right level since it was soft to chew but not mushy.  Broth was clear and not oily...tendons was a bit rough (hard). It was a little difficult to bite a piece off so I had to put one whole piece in my mouth.The sliced beef was somewhat thick...not thin enough but good thing it was freshThe rice noodle was good...I tried a a piece of the pork and it was well marinated and not burnt up. Didn't eat the egg roll but it didn't looked tasty.Services were eh...they mostly checked up on regular and old customers and due to the fact that most of the waitresses were not Asians...they only checked up on those who were not Asians...When asked them to bring something they weren't happy and were rushing to leave! Clean place
5	Great selection of  delicious pho.  Decent prices.  Quick attentive service.  The decor is fairly utilitarian but still the darker colors and authentic Vietnamese decorations make it more than classy enough for a soup joint.  The staff was quick, friendly and attentive.  The fact that there's a great Vietnamese bakery right next door doesn't hurt come desert time, either!
3	We now look for a Pho place every time we go on vacation anywhere. Denver has spoiled me since there is one practically on every corner.We found this one nearby and they were packed at lunch time. There was only 1 size bowl of Pho (what I would call a medium) and I thought it seemed a little on the pricey side, although not completely out of line.Service was fine here, although I could have used a water refill toward the end and they never came back by.I ordered the meatball pho and the server asked if I'd ever had it before. I thought that was a little weird, but answered in the affirmative. It did make me wonder if there was something off about it, but it was all fine.I did NOT care for the taste or texture of the meatballs when they came out. They were very thick cut and really chewy in the center. Did not work for me at all.I also thought the Pho could've been skimmed a little better, but some places do it better than others, so not too big of a deal.Overall, I thought it was an okay experience. I don't know that I'd come back and order the meatball.
2	My wife and I have been coming here for the last 3 years.  We were always happy with the food and service.  However, on this Saturday night we left wondering what was happening to the food.  My wife order a pho dish and I ordered a vegetarian noodle dish.  My wife felt like they had cut down on the fresh ingredient dish and noodles.  My dish seemed like they cut down on the tofu and vegetables and the noodles as well.  This is the first time we left disappointed.   We'll give it another try but if they have a repeat performance of tonight we will write this restaurant off.
3	I suppose you get used to your favorite Pho place and then everywhere else seems a little off? unPhogettable was like that, there was nothing bad about it, but it was a little off in my opinion. For one, I wasn't a fan of the huge long communal like tables in the middle of the restaurant.  We got there when it was really busy and had to sit at one.  I just like my own space!  Plus, I am fairly sure they didn't have any AC, so it was really getting warm with all that hot soup and warm bodies packed in there.  We had attentive servers and the food came out quickly, but I wasn't wowed.  The Pho Bien (meatball) was served in a mediumish size bowl (only one size) with my own personal plate of herbs and sprouts (which was nice).  The pho was swimming in grease.  It is a personal pet peeve when places don't skim!!  The meatballs where quartered (I generally like them thinly sliced).  The problem with quartering a meatball is if it sits all day in broth cooking it will get rubbery, as these did. Other than that the broth was good.  Pho is like pizza, even bad pho is pretty good. I would say is was OK.  It just didn't do much for me.
5	I've been here many times and I've loved it every time! The food is fresh and MSG free and the prices are reasonable. The service is fast and super friendly! I enjoy going to this restaurant and will continue to go here when I'm in the mood for pho.
3	I was very excited to find a place that has vegan pho, well they call it vegetarian noodle soup, but close enough! My husband got the wide noodle dish, which I liked from the few bites I snuck in. Overall it was good, but it didn't blow me away. I'll keep my eye out for another vegan pho in the area, but if I can't find one, I will definitely go back. Gotta have my noodles!
5	Soo good, cheap, and good for kids. I got my two little boys grilled chicken and beef with a side of white rice.
5	The service is friendly and fast! The food is delicious. Take out is prepped to be put together at home so it's perfectly cooked. After our second visit the staff recognized us, and not long after they remembered our usual order. Highly recommended!
4	My family love this place! My husband has celiac and this is where he could safely order delicious food without worrying about gluten. We usually order rice noodles with book tripe and beef tendons. My daughter likes their rare beef rice noodle soup.  Even my Asperger son (extremely picky eater) likes their beef broth so much he would just have rice noodles in broth.  I like their spring rolls with pork and shrimp slices. Not too expensive for being hand made.  We add it when we feel like splurging a little. If you are on a GF diet you need to avoid the hoisin sauce and regular soy sauce. I am not sure about the peanut sauce. Since I do not know how it is mixed.I am giving it 4 stars because I feel while the flavor has been consistent, the portion is a bit smaller.  I remember we used to get more "stuff".
5	You can never go wrong here! Great customer service, Great food, and just great!!!
3	Great location within the Mekong Plaza. However, the Pho Dac biet price has now gone up to $9.25 a bowl now! Their quality is still decent, good broth and good amounts of meat in the soup but this is far too expensive for a bowl of Pho now. I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon until they adjust the price. If i can get a bowl of Pho for about $6.50 -$7.50 on the West side with better quality then there is no incentive to return to here anymore.
3	Food flavor is ok, service very good, portions very small, price higher.    Why 3 stars?, because The owners lately charge more and gives less portions.
2	I can never understand why this place has such great reviews!?!? It boggles my mind. The pho here is just alright, what really gets me is the pricing. It is way too pricy for sub-par pho! this place was unphogettable, for being pricy and not flavorful!
5	We go here pretty much weekly. The staff is super friendly and even remembers my order. Maybe I go a little too much haha. I get the 15 - the chicken and my girl gets the 13 - beef. There's never mystery meat and the soup is always excellent. I like the consistent quality. The A6 spring rolls are something I HAVE to get each time as well.
5	My husband and I both love this place!! The staff and owner are ALWAYS nice.  We have gotten our family hooked on the chicken spring rolls, it's not on the menu but they are always willing to make it for us with no extra charge.  My husband always gets the pho ga and I always get the mi ga.
5	Best Pho in the valley!!! Fresh brewed Thai and jasmine Ice tea. Easy parking and very friendly wait staff.  They close a little early, 8 pm, even on the weekend.  The menu is large but we've only tried the pho since that is our favorite.
4	Decent pho, nothing much to brag about. Service was always excellent, being Vietnamese and I know pho pretty well, it's just a little over priced for me.
5	The food was excellent!!! Everything tasted fresh and delightful. The staff was kind and very welcoming. . I rarely get GREAT customer service because I have three young children and they do cry and throw tantrums, but the staff here was amazing and welcomed us with a smile..My New place to come  for my pho fix and I will be recommending this place to family and friends..
3	Alright, so anyways.. The 3 stars I'm giving this place is not a real bad thing.  Ok, so I decided to try out this place in Mekong Plaza.  I've never had Pho before, but being the weird person I am, did not get Pho (usually try new things too).  I ended up getting the steamed rice plate (beef and shrimp.. #49)  Before I ordered, I recognized mostly everything being around $9-10 (yikes).  Anyways, the staff were very nice and friendly like everyone talks about.  The food didn't take very long to come out, so that was very cool.  Now the dish itself.. the first thing I said to myself was "Thats it?"  Decided to eat it anyways because I'm no fool like that.  The beef was great and the 3 little shrimps were tasty as well.  The rice was swell. Overall if the review was based off just taste, it would be 5 stars.  The reason I've gave it 3 was because with all these Asian places I've been to $10 dishes could give you more. My brother did get some Pho, which was a pretty good size, but the other dishes can be a little small.
4	Great service and wonderful food. Even when it is busy, you are always greeted and taken care of.
5	Yummmmy! I love this place.. Only bad thing is that's in Mekong market (which makes me spend too much money). I would come back because service and pho was pho-nomenial! ;)
3	I have spent three years in Tucson to try most Pho. I always think Phoenix has better than Tucson. Also, one of my colleagues recommended this place to me several month ago. I finally came and tried this weekend and was totally disappointed. The service was great. We didn't wait for table and didn't wait too long for food. (The waitress was very thoughtful. I ordered vege noodle and spring eggroll, but didn't realize the eggroll had meat/seafood or vege/tofu options. She pointed out, and let us to do half and half. Other than that I might give 2 stars.) I had Thai tea, which was not surprised. It was actually like something you could find in grocery store and make at home. My boyfriend had the #1 Pho. The soup was most disappointing part.
5	I really like this place! I tried their beef pho and it was amazing! I will recommend this place to anybody, try it!
4	This was our 1st time eating there and it was pretty good. We order PHo (#8 and 9) and also chicken egg noddles. Out food arrived in less than 15 min and the waitress was helpful and nice. The only thing I dint like was their coconut water, I'm used to the pacific coconuts, it was too sweet for my taste buds. I will come back again!
5	Best Chicken Pho in town! No joke! Oh and their steak and rice dish is to absolutely die for. The seasoning is perfection. (Drool!) I need to try their Vietnamese Iced Coffee if they have it. Then my heart will be sold forever. Love this place!
5	My new favorite Pho place in the Valley!  The restaurant was spotless and the service was impeccable.  The owner came by our table personally to apologize for our 5 minute wait for a table and he stayed behind to make small talk with my little girl about her Little Mermaid doll that she had with her.  I thought he was really friendly and gracious and he definitely made this the most friendly Vietnamese restaurant I've ever dined at in the Valley.The food was extremely delicious.  I got the Bo Kho soup and it was fantastic; hot, meaty and flavorful.  My husband had a vegetarian stir fry and my son got the vegetarian Pho and they both loved their dishes as well.  My little daughter also really enjoyed her fried spring rolls and her fresh, young coconut drink that comes served in a glass, along with the coconut meat and a serving spoon.This restaurant is a little farther from me than I would like, but I'll definitely try to make it a regular stop when I am over in this part of the Valley.
5	This place is always clean, friendly,and fast. I love the number 20 and I get it every time! Spring rolls are amazing, and always wash down with a Thai tea!
1	"Unphogettable" is right because I will definitely never forget how much this place sucks! Everything looked and tasted so cheap! The nem cuon is all lettuce (no mints), the pho broth is bland, you get like 4 pieces of meat in total even when you order dac biet. Therefore this place is overpriced as hell! I have nothing good to say, it's probably the WORST vietnamese restaurant in the phoenix+mesa+chandler+tempe area combined. Take your business to com tam thuan kieu or pho van.
3	loooove their iced green tea and the vermicelli salad w/sliced pork and egg rolls. VERY clean and refreshing on a HOT summer day! But add some siracha for a nice kick! Fresh spring rolls are a favorite as is the pho, but honestly, the pho is better elsewhere. Clean atmosphere, friendly service and they even got rid of most of the fish smell!
5	Hands down my favorite place for Vietnamese food~Owned by a lovely family, the service here is very friendly and very personal.  Through the owner's lovely wife, I learned how to drink Vietnamese coffee properly!  You may think that's a ridiculous thing to say but it was very motherly, sweet, and completely unnecessarily.  It's the fact that she took the time out to come over and teach me all the finer details of Vietnamese coffee that made the lesson and experience memorable.  Not even my Vietnamese friends had taken the time out to teach me!  Now the food here is truly unforgettable.  I love the bun by far!  It's crisp, fresh, and always leaves me full but not uncomfortably so.  I love their egg rolls and their spring rolls and the rice dishes are always savory and flavorful.  I must admit though there is probably only *one* other place I'd rather go to get pho over this place [because they're cheaper, just as delicious, and portions are just as big], I give this place one more star than the other because they're just sooo sweet and nice here!  The service really makes that one-star difference.  The prices here are a bit higher than other Vietnamese restaurants but the quality and freshness of the ingredients makes up for it.  With the modern decor, delicious food, and great service, what's not to love?
4	First time having pho with my girlfriend I asked which one where good the said the shrimp and seafood and the brisket....they where on point bother were really good it was my first time having pho but thumbs up
4	Love their Pho!  I think they have the best flavored broth out of any other places I have tried.  Their prices are rather high for essentially a bowl of Top Ramen with some brisket, but it's still quite tasty!  When two of us get Pho and drinks, I believe the total is usally around $20-$25.  If money's tight, there are several cheaper options in the area that are still very good.  My only complaint (again) is the price.  Not sure why noodles, broth, and a few slices of meat are so expensive.
2	The restaurant is very clean and they have two tvs on the wall which is a bonus, but either than that it sucks.  Service was alright. Food is overpriced and not worth the money. For some reason, the water they give you was gross that I actually gagged. The broth is bland and you only get a few pieces of meat. I asked for a side of more meat but they said it cost 4 dollars extra. No thank you. There are plenty of other pho restaurants around that are a bit cheaper and actually worth your money.
1	Once again, gave it another try and got the same thing. Small portion sizes, bland soup and rude service. A friend of ours worked here for a while and told us that she quit because her manager was so mean to her, which I am not surprised at all about.
5	Love this place! The staff is great and they take pride in their food. The pho and vermicelli is delicious! You can't go wrong at this place!
2	I have been meaning to try this Pho place for a long time as I shop at Mekong market regularly.We tried Goi Cuon for appetizer.  It was ok, but the sauce was missing some flavors.  We ordered Pho with brisket, flank & lean steak and pork chop rice plate for main course.  The beef broth lacked the rich beef, herbs and veggie flavor, and the most disappointing, the grilled pork chop was drowing in a hoison sauce accompanied with steam rice rather than broken rice.  The menu clearly stated steam rice, but I should have stuck to my instinct that this restaurant lacked the authenticity.  When I asked the server for the nuoc cham dipping sauce, I had to explain the ingredients before they understood my request.  Sadly, my meal was Pho-gettable... Hopefully, it was an off day.
5	One of the best pho and other delights around. The service and owners are so sweet and awesome. They have lots of regulars, Asian and otherwise, which says a lot in my book. My kids' favorite place, and they don't even have crayons.
5	My sister and I have been in search of a new Pho spot after ours closed. After countless taste tests at multiple restaurants, we've found "the spot." We love their Pho and I would highly encourage other Pho snobs to try!We always take to-go so I can't comment on the atmosphere but the other dishes we've tried are all great as sell. Solid and consistent.
4	pretty good but a bit pricey but Im spoiled living here in Northern California!!
1	So i found this place on yelp and the reveiws were almost phenomenal! I litteraly went in today and was very disapointed. I must have gotten a new server,  she did not know anything about the menu. She literally came by 1x and never returned. I had asked if they had duck and she just looked at me like i was dumb and said "duck"? Like wtf lol. So when i did finally get my soup that was 10 bucks came with 2 peices of shrimp, tons of lettuce, 1 small peice of chicken, same with the pork. I was so mad i just ate the noodles and left..ill never come back.
3	They're pretty pricey with their menu.
5	First visit and service and food was fantastic. Well be coming back.
3	Okay, I will rate this pho a 7-8/10. I will not complain as I would eat it again in a sec. It was somewhat lacking in the aroma/spice of the broth. The soup had machine-sliced chicken breast which was tender and lean.  Noodles were thin and sparse. Once again, while they added some cilantro, I like my own sprigs so I can go CRAZY with the greenery. The place is clean, inside Maekong Market, so you have to deal with the lookers and the noise/parking issues. I think if I had to order out my last pho meal, I would go with Da Vang, Pho Thahn, or even Nam Sau in Glendale. It wasn't perfect, but it was un-pho-gettable. Worth going for the name, really. Oh, and I didn't see any beer. In case that matters...
4	I moved here from California. I was worried that I wouldn't find a place to get my spring rolls and pho. But I did. This place has a very friendly staff. We had a guy as our waiter. He was very helpful. The pho is always great. The springrolls could be better.
2	Great customer service.... Food was ok had only two shrimp in my seafood soup lolzz dissapointing not worth 9.50...ill drive extra mile for Pho Thanh...Never again cheat on my Pho Thanh the best in phoenix with amazing price with more meat, veggies, shrimp, and a yummy broth...sorry to say I wont be back...
1	Ummm where should I start.  I was craving for Pho the other day and our friend told us how good this Unphogettable was.  I even checked Yelp and they actually got 4 stars so I was really happy to go.  I know Mekong market smells but I didn't think this pho place would smell also.  When we walked into this restaurant I almost puked.  I was waking into sewage/bathroom.  My husband said we can leave but I knew how hungry he was so I said it's okay.  I ordered their pho.  The bowl was huge with so much broth and so little meat and noodles.  They were even stingy with bean sprouts and herbs.  I was ill all night after I ate there.  I will not be returning.  Only good thing was their decor, it wasn't that bad.  Again I will not be returning.  I have habit of not eating at a restaurant that makes me puke all night long.  I did loose a pound though.
3	I decided to go with spring rolls and after going to a place in California called Brodard and enjoyin Spring Rolls in Vietnam, these were very okay.  It seems like it lacked some fresh ingredients when I tasted the components of the dish.  People seemed to enjoy the Pho, so I will try that next time.
4	A little more "American" than the Vietnamese places we usually go to but the food was very good and the staff was very friendly and attentive. The place is pretty and very clean. It's pricier than most Vietnamese restaurants and they have fewer options but would probably go there again.
1	This was my first time trying pho, but I wasn't impressed. I ordered the seafood pho and it had two pieces of shrimp in it. The broth was very flavorful but the lack of seafood was disappointing. The main reason why I am giving this place one star is because the owner takes the tips from the servers. I read a review on Yelp with this information, and confirmed it with the server when we arrived. There are also two cameras in the restaurant, I assume to ensure that the very nice and efficient girl who helped us wouldn't be slipped anything without the owner's knowledge. This kind of practice is pathetic and unacceptable to me. Tips are for servers who work hard, not for the owner to steal. I did not leave a tip and will not return, as I will not support this unethical business practice. Please consider this if you choose to visit Unphogettable.
5	Just had lunch with my fiance and I'll leave it simple and sweet for ya. If you like pho, this is a must go to. So much flavor in the broth and my steak n shrimp was just as flavorful.
5	Probably my favorite place ever to get pho! They give you a good size portion and their broth is one of the best.
5	My Husband And I are world wide Foodies.  So great to have the Best Vietnamese Food just 15 minutes away.  The Pho is just perfect with the fat strained out.  The owners welcome each guest with such warmth.  You feel like you're at home.  The customer service is impeccable, showing us new foods to eat when we come in.  Excellent food at a fabulous price.  All of you dieting, this is the place that will support your fresh foods and low calories, just ask the owners who are always on site.  Come taste the yummy amd UnPhogettable cuisine for yourself!
4	Simply the best pho in the valley.  The broth is outstanding.  The owners are always coming around to the tables to make sure you are happy.  The spring rolls are also great.  My only complaint is the menu is basically pho and bun.
5	This was the first place that I tried pho so I did not want to review it until I tried other places as well. Now that I am obsessed with pho and I have tried other places I think this will be the go to pho place in Pho-enix!Don't leave here without trying the coffee either!
4	My other half swears by this place. He says it's the best Pho around. Being Asian I believe him. I usually get the combo plate which is chicken breast and pork chop with rice very tasteful. Service is always great here they are a family run business and it's refreshing to see. Living close we visit it often.
2	Ordered the mi vit tiem (duck soup) and there was a piece of hair in it. Reordered the bun tom nuong (vermicelli w/ grilled shrimp) there was way too much vermicelli, not enough grilled shrimp or sauce. The staffs are nice. Overall not the best experience..
4	It has been a whole year since I've been trying some Pho. Thankfully for Yelp I came across this place with enough reviews to convince me to try some Pho here. We come into the restaurant and it is actually a lot larger inside than it looks from the outside. Everybody inside was really nice and inviting. People who were coming in for lunch were greeted with recognition which was pretty nice knowing that people were coming back.We started with egg roll appetizers and we have never had egg rolls with lettuce wraps. They were amazingly good! Our pho had came to our table and the smell was amazing. I ended up adding the jalepeno and the hotness of the broth had released the chili aroma and was just enough spice. The only complaint about the pho was how the chicken had tasted. The chicken had look and tasted like it came from a package. I'm not too sure why it had an odd taste but it did not set to well with me.I would definitely come back to this location for some pho. Another reason I would come back is for the surrounding asian market.
4	My husband loves pho, and since I had never tried it, we decided to give this place a try based on the reviews seen here on yelp. The restaurant was clean, and the service was great with highly attentive staff. We tried  the meatball and rare steak pho and were very impressed! The flavors were delicious and the meats were prepared wonderfully. We will definitely be back.
5	For the last 5 years I have eaten at UnPhogettable, I have nothing but positive memories to share.I ate here when my family and friends came into town for my graduation, and my friend's going away party was held at UnPhogettable. My parents talk about how good the pho was the last time they visited, and my boyfriend thinks their veggie pho is better than anywhere else.  I love that the same waitress that served me 5 years ago is still happy to see me when I come to dine, and I always enjoy the casual conversations I have with the owners each time I visit.  I think I feel like a part of the family when I enter this place, and perhaps that's why this restaurant is unforgettable in my opinion.My favorite is #21 (seafood pho), but I have had most of the things on the menu by stealing some bites from my friends here and there.  The veggie pho (#23) is refreshing and has a clean after taste.  The rare steak and brisket (#9) seems to be a good choice for a person who has never tasted pho before.  There are plenty of other items on the menu starting from vermicelli bowls and grilled meats.  I think if you want to try some Vietnamese food that is consistently good, UnPhogettable would be a great place for you.
4	My Vietnamese friend and I first tried the specialty Ban Mam fish based soup. The broth was salty but tasty.  Nice pieces of white fish and a few thinly sliced meat topped the noodles.  My  companion said the traditional piece of squid was missing though. Next The Tom Bun arrived.  Grilled shrimp accompanied by freshly shredded greens topped this dry noodle dish.  With the side of julienned pork we ordered, this entree was great!  In fact the pork with its special sauce would have been great on anything!   Even though the staff made the mistake of bringing us the wrong dish the first time, they were apologetic and friendly.  Clean tables, clean dishware were impressive.  The last Vietnamese spot I dined at did not present its self well in the sanitation department.  :)  We had a good experience yesterday and UnPhogettable is on my "will visit again list!"
5	Staff is very busy running around, tending to the needs of customers coming and going. The spring rolls were very fresh and were served with a delicious peanut sauce. I have had numerous peanut sauces and they are usually colorless and tasteless which was not the case here.My Pho was delivered to my table quickly and it was piping hot. A nice portion of fresh basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno slices and a wedge of lime was served on the side so that I could add to my liking.Excellent bowl of goodness! The place was very clean and the staff could not have been more attentive or courteous. I will be returning without a doubt.The menu was huge for a restaurant of this type.Well done!
5	Best pho in PHX hands down. #13 is my all time fave. the fresh rolls with shrimp and pork are also divine.they seat you quickly, serve your food within a few minutes of ordering, and send you on your way happy as can be.unPhogettable.. that's what you areee.
4	This place is great.  The service is extremely fast and very professional.  I love their  ice coffee with the condensed milk as I get it every time I go.  Also, their Pho and spring rolls are awesome!
3	So the food here is ok, service is average, but I never expect good service at a Pho place, and they are slight higher than average.  The price for dishes here are about $1-$2 higher than I'm use too.  Bun are good.  Pho was good though I like the soup to come out piping hot, and it never is.  It's hot, just not steaming hot like I'm use too.Decor is nice and clean, servers are generally friendly.  Where this place fails is in the nickel and diming.  They charge extra for getting your steak rare on the side instead of being in the soup.  There's also extra charge for take out so I've stopped getting that here also.  Worse yet, they charge extra for extra fish sauce.... that's like a hamburger place charging extra for ketchup.I could understand some of these charges if the prices of the dishes weren't also above average.  On general principal though, charging a premium for the dishes and than charging extra for little things that should be free means this place is a once or twice a year place instead of once or twice a week for me.
4	Another decent Pho place in the greater Phoenix area. This one is very clean and nicely decorated.  Staff is very friendly.  Pho and spring rolls are delicious. Price is a little more expensive compared to other pho places. But you do get a lot of food here.
5	Really enjoyed the Pho and spring rolls. Servers leave a little to be desired. Not much personality. If you care about the food more than the people come here cause it was good.
5	Best Pho I've had! Fresh ingredients and broth and noodles just right.  Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast.
4	This is a very clean joint with good service.  The portions aren't huge but the owners care about how their food is prepared and presented.  I totally recommend this place.
4	This place is pretty good and a solid four stars but ultimately phogettable. The broth was very good but the meat itself was mediocre, chewy and low quality - certainly not what I expect from a nine dollar bowl. The portion size was good and the veggies and sauces were fine but the so so meat really keeps me from wanting to go back. Which is too bad because the broth was so good.I also had their spring rolls which were awesome. Service was quick and good.
4	I ever tried Vietnamese or Pho before I ate here, and I was surprised how much I liked it. The food was tasty and the derive was good.
4	I was so looking forward to a hot bowl of Pho that was truly authentic. I had seen this restaurant many times as it is located in the Mekong Shopping Plaza where I purchase authentic Chinese, Japanese and Indian ingredients. The Pho was disappointing! The only taste in the broth was 5 spice seasoning, the noodles were abundant but there was literally nothing else in this bowl! Where were the greens (yes they gave me a branch of mint to add myself along with brownish sprouts and way too hot slices of pepper) but there were no mushrooms, no snap peas or beans, no seaweed or anything else that would make this a pretty and tasty dish. Since this is their signature dish, I have to give this place a thumbs down! The service was good, but not enough to redeem this place.
4	Originally I was not sure about coming here since I thought the name of the restaurant was gimmicky but this has to be one of the best places in the Phoenix area to get some Pho. I was pleasantly surprised about the quality of the noodle soups here. It seemed quite busy in there during my visit and the service did feel a bit rushed, but it doesn't bother me much as I was there just for a quick meal and I know how busy they can get at a restaurant like that. I plan to come back here to try out some of their other offerings!
4	What a wondeful place to have a lunch.  The soup was excellent and service right on.  I have been back again and again and wish they would open in my Ahwatukee neighborhood.  The owner took the time to stop by the table and talk to us.  Could not ask for better food.
5	Soup was hot, fresh & oh so yummy and the service was fast & friendly. I'm glad we found this place!
5	Best pho I've had since moving to the area!  Servers are nice and helpful (which is great if you don't know what you're getting into) Cafeteria style seating in a cozy but clean atmosphere.  We'll be back!
5	Food is above average but there are better pho places in Arizona. Their service is excellent so I'm giving them a 5 star.  I'm always craving Bun Rieu and I usually get it from here only to be disappointed.  There's not enough flavor in it I think so I usually just stick with Pho to be safe. After, this is a Pho place
