1	I had heard of this car lot through a friend who mentioned that they carried higher and vehicles as in BMWs and Mercedes. My friend and I visited them on a saturday.. Only to discover that they did indeed sell this caliber of vehicle however 95 percent of them were in bad condition both exterior and interior well my friend decided to buy a Mercedes that had just gotten there and the sales staff really stuck it to him over charging him for rate and selling a generic insurance plan for $2900.00 not to mention a sales lady screaming profanities at a customer it was the epitome of a used car junkyard I do not recommend this to my fellow yelpers or any person for that matter.. thank you
1	There's a reason they are only getting one star and that's because I can't give them NONE. ABSOLUTELY THE WORST, MOST UNPROFESSIONAL COMPANY I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH. I simply called to ask questions about a vehicle because I'm out of state and I was met with rude snide people who didn't even seem to want to answer any of my very simple questions. The final straw was when I asked if it had a clean car fax and was put on hold for over 8 minutes. Simple questions folks ! Selling a car isn't brain surgery. ALLOW ME TO WARN THE PUBLIC, IF YOU BUY A VEHICLE FROM THIS DEALERSHIP YOUR BUYING AT YOUR (OWN) risk. There are to many hungry dealers out there for you to have to deal with these horrible people.
1	Poor poor place of business
1	Arguing with a fool only proves there are two!!!... a crazy lady will self destruct...trying to control everyone. And everything however just another duck....
1	the appitomy  of a junk used car lot..took advantage of a nieve good man..rates off the scale with his xlnt  credit....sold him a generic extended warranty for $2900.00 these guys are absolute crooks...all vehicles are not safety checked or even cleaned.....the half black sales lady was using profanities at a customer that she had cheated out of money.. this place is ghetto.. please consider the quality of the  vehicle strip on saharah ave. or even the nearby henderson auto mall...cartwright motors buys the junk that the others won't buy at auctions....in the business they are called **pot lots** and for good reason....they only get the bottom of the pot..as in the junk vehicles that the other lots won't. buy.....
5	I called Cartwright on a Sunday of Labor Day weekend.  Was told that the sales people were all busy someone would call me back.  Sure enough George called me and we spoke for a while about the vehicle.  George was more than willing to answer all my questions.   I was coming from Phoenix AZ and wanted as much info as possible before deciding to fly to Vegas for a look at the vehicle.   I asked if I did fly up if I could take the vehicle to an independent auto shop to take a look at it and George had no problem with that at all.   The vehicle checked out very well and I went back to Cartwright and spoke more in depth with George.  After a little friendly negotiation we arrived on a price I asked them to gas up the car and they put new windshield wipers on it.  I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND CARTWRIGHT MOTORS TO ANYONE.
5	I will be contacting Yelp in order to correct my negative posts.. I had a personal resentment and looked for the worse.  The truth being Steve O. Assisted us in a purchase of a Mercedes and the whole crew was very helpful...easy to do business with and willing to work with the client in all aspects of the purchase...Thank you Cartwright Motors..
1	A wasted time of over three hours.  DO NOT DEAL with Inara.  First of all, she presented me with a loan that had me at over 30% and when I questioned her via e-mail I got don't freak out.  Really you want me to pay 32K for a $15K car. After several e-mails asking her to explain how she got to the payments, she refused, got short and curt in the e-mail and I asked her to stop e-mailing me which she replied "Don't worry I will never contact you again" and I replied asking for her manager to contact me and she said I was harassing her. Fabian called me back and left a message explaining she was wrong and he wanted to tell the me the correct offer.  I asked for this from Irnara in writing previously but of course, they would not send.  I toldFabian I took an offer from another dealership that made since.  Also, check our carguros to see how long their cars have been on the lot.  The Corvette over 260 days, but Inara said, dont even think about that car.  They offered me, 2500 down, 620 a month for 48 months on a 2006 Land Rover with 79,000 miles (and an error message on the suspension) for a selling price of 15,988.  Go elsewhere.  If Inara, as she said wasn't fully trained on how to make an offer and they have "skeleton" crew on Sundays, then don't attempt to make an offer.  Also, she became rude, wanting the last word in the e-mails, trying to make me feel as if I was worthless and should appreciate her offer.  I shopped several other dealerships and have had offers at reasonable rates of 4.25% and more for my Jaguar than she wanted to give me on trade in.  She acted as if she was my last hope.  In this town, there are many options, and based on Inara, I say, stay away from the crazy girl with the Glenn Close Fatal Attraction hair.  Run, don't walk.  Also as a side note, she had a customer on the phone trying to negotiate a lower price and she said, how about I tell you the car is 30K and I give it to you for 17K.  She hung up the phone and said "what an asshole".  Professional - NO.  Shop else where.  Thank you.
4	there are nice, Inara was helpful, the only little problem takes long for them to orders parts but i have patience
1	Although Yelp says that a business can't remove negative reviews I see that Cartwright Motors has not only removed them, they've started all over. When I purchased my car a year ago they had hundreds of reviews. I know, because they asked me to sit at their sales desk and submit one.These people are the biggest bunch of crooks and liars of any used car lot in the valley. Don't believe a word they say. Don't buy into any of their promises. And NEVER buy one of their cars.If they tell you that their "mechanic" has touched the car (the guy up on Flamingo near the 215), RUN from it, as quickly as possible. He is incompetent and just as crooked as they are. Thus, a car is smogged with a melted catalytic converter.I have spent close to $2,000 since I bought this car just trying to get everything fixed. Be warned. There are better used car dealers in Vegas. I only wish I would've gone to one of them.
1	I bought a vehicle in late August at this dealership from salesman George. A few weeks later the paperwork for the registry was ready. When I picked up the paperwork at asked my salesman George point blank "Is the Smog test all set?" to which George assured me that it was. Well, the next day after sitting at the registry for two hours I get to the window and the person tells me the smog test IS NO GOOD, IT EXPIRED IN MARCH (6months ago, I can see if it expired recently but 6 months ago) so I just wasted 2 hrs of my time at that moment, so I call George up and said I was just at the registry and they told me the smog had expired in March. At that point I tell George what he had said the day before that he assured me the smog was all set, at that point       George puts me on hold and some guy named Donald is on the phone...wait a minute, George is the one that sold me the truck and GEORGE IS THE ONE THAT TOLD ME THE SMOG IS ALL SET NOT DONALD (let me just say this being in the customer service industry, if you are not 100% of an answer George you should not give a "yes" answer, you should have done YOUR due diligence in this matter since you were my salesman) so Donald gets on the phone and says the smog had "just" expired, at this point I get very pissed and tell Donald that this didn't "just" expire but it expired 6 months ago and that I had asked George specifically about the smog and was assured it was all set. Donald tells me I can go get my own smog and they will reimburse me, well after wasting MY TIME I get the smog, go back to the registry to have to wait another 3hr and 20min...so between the registry TWICE, getting the smog test,  and calling CARTWRIGHT MOTORS I have wasted over 6hrs of my time. So on Sept. 25 I emailed the smog test and some words stating what ordeal I had been put through, I didn't get my $15 check till over 3 WEEK LATER (I have the post date on the mailing envelope, Oct. 14th it was mailed out), nothing of an apology in there either and no follow-up from the Salesman regarding the smog, I CALLED YOU GEORGE, YOU WERE SUPPOSEDLY MY SALESMAN, you put me on hold for Donald, never heard from George again UNTIL last night, Thanksgiving, with a email stating "We live and breathe by our reputation" and that you will send me $100 for "sending in  friend". ARE YOU FRIGGING KIDDING ME, ........First if your "reputation" is so "important" this smog thing should have NEVER happened, You George should have taking 2min to look at that vehicles smog test to see if it expired BEFORE TELLING ME IT WAS ALL SET, if you were not 100% sure then you should not tell someone something that isn't right, that might help your "reputation"..and if you think I would EVER send any of my friends in there, WRONG, you and your company should have sent me that $100 for compensation for the time I had to waste because you and your co-workers "dropped the ball" even after I specifically was told it was all set...so your email states that if I was not 110% satisfy with your effort every step, I wouldn't even say I was 20% satisfied, but you should have already known that when I talked with you last...but I was put on hold, transferred to Donald (who by the way WAS NOT THE ONE WHO TOLD ME SMOG WAS ALL SET, IT WAS GEORGE) btw, Donald wasn't to understanding, he tried to play it off as the smog had "just expired", ummm 6 months ago is not JUST EXPIRED, so my guess is Donald was in charge of the smog...So George wanted me a write a review, here it is. I have all the documents and times to back up my claim if anyone wants to dispute this!!!
