3	I was getting ready to leave for Spokane, and just kind of hanging around.   It was a couple of hours until I had to leave for the airport, and I was hungry. I thought I would stop by one of the sandwich shops near my place, get a sandwich to go, and relax by the pool with a beer and sandwich.I headed to 90th and Via Linda and headed for the Lunch Box.  Damn, it was not even 4 PM, and they were closed.  Well, no problem - the Vermont Sandwich Company was right across the street, I would go there.  What the hell, they were closed too, even though their sign said they were open until 4:00.  I just wanted a "fu***** sandwich to wash down with my beer and I couldn't even get one.I noticed a Subway across the intersection, so I thought, why not?  Went in and the server making the sandwiches was great.  What a personality!!   And the sandwich was good too - one of the best I have ever had at a Subway.  Of course, I got one of those low calorie ones, so I headed home to supplement it with beer. For a Subway, I have to give it three stars - at least they were open!!
5	Best managed Subway, anywhere. The staff are very friendly and very fast. Try a veggie patty sub with avocado next time you are in the area!
1	Please DO NOT go here!!! There was a bug in the ice machine, when it was brought to the attention of the store manager, she cared less. Now mind you, it was not "caught" in the machine, it was actually dispensed through the ice machine ... super gross. I wonder when they cleaned it last. The store manager talks down to her employees in front of the customers and treats them like dirt. They must be hurting for money as the subs don't even come close to the descriptions provided. For example, "sandwiches get two slices of meat, not three; don't over fill the scoop on the steak scooper".She also backs her SUV at the front door and takes ups space for customers to park in. If you like Subway, there is one off of Shea that is way better (although they only have soup during the winter time).
2	Subway is usually a great place to go for a relatively healthy meal on the go. They offer nice lean sandwiches at a great price. They, in my opinion, have been the pioneers of creating a healthy menu. If you think about it after Jared Fogel attributed much of his weight loss to Subway, EVERYTHING changed. They began shouting out low fat sandwiches, low calorie additives, as well as offering apples as an alternative to chips.It gives me comfort to know that there's a place out there where I won't feel completely guilty after eating there.Being a franchise, the inside of almost every Subway looks identical, give or take a couple of layout differences. So, the only discernible variable is the service. I've been to this particular location a couple of times, mostly due to the "healthy" and "time" factors...that, and it's righty by my house. I have yet to receive consistent service here. The first time my family and I stopped at this location, the restaurant was a complete disaster. The store wasn't a couple of hours away from closing, yet all of the chairs were on the tables, and the floor was soaking wet from just being mopped. Strangely, even though the place had just been "cleaned", there was still a smell that was very off-putting. But, the service was actually decent.The last time we went, the place was at least put together again. But, that same off-putting smell was still there. And to top it all off, the service was SUPER slow! I don't know that I've ever seen it take that long to make three sandwiches. I don't even know that I have the words to describe it...I mean, "slothful"...but even that doesn't really cut it.The long of the short of it is this...if you're looking for a sandwich and you're in this area, consult your Yelp. There are MUCH better alternatives.
4	Subway is Subway and you should have correct expectations when you go there. They offer a variety of what I consider healthy sandwiches compared to other fast food options. If you stick to the daily specials, you can get out of there for under $6 for a 6" sandwich, large drink and chips (or cookies). I like that I get to personally instruct every ingredient that goes on each sandwich. That way, they are always exactly what I want. If you stray from the daily special, the price edges up to where I would consider other options that have premium subs (Jersey Mikes, Jimmy Johns, etc). This is my go-to place for a fast, inexpensive but good workweek lunch. The assistant manager, Gabriel, is very nice & friendly as are the other people that work there. The canned greetings from them of "Welcome to Subway" the minute you walk in is not needed though. Shanice, the manager, does run the shop with an iron fist and does occasionally rub people wrong with her strong personality. There are a number of Manager of the Month awards on the counter so corporate likes what she does. I have only had good experiences with her though. The store is usually very clean unless they are in the middle of a lunch rush.  I typically go there mid-afternoon to avoid the lines. I go here 3-4 times a week so I guess that tells you that I think this place is pretty good.
5	We like to stop in before we go to work and pick up a couple of sandwiches so we can eat before a long day, it's on the way and we have never waited very long.
