3	I saw a review of this place on AZcentral and was excited to try it out. I'm a super fro-yo fan and thought it would be worth the drive from Laveen to check out the latest addition to the scene. It's in a good location next to Kierland Commons and parking is easy and plentiful. The girls at the front counter were also super friendly.  Everything in the store is pretty healthy, so there is no guilt in eating dessert.  But..... The whole menu thing is sort of confusing if you haven't been there before. All of the yogurt is behind the counter so they sell by the size, not the ounce and each topping costs extra. They advertise over 100 flavors. But don't go in expecting to taste it before you buy. Each one is hand-created and I don't think they will do any take-backs because your dumb ass thinks tres leches flavor will taste good as yogurt. They also had 5 or 6 different yogurts as their premixed flavor of the day. However, they were pretty uninspired with flavors like chocolate, vanilla, and peanut butter. But the good thing with those is that you can get a sample first. If I'm in the area again, it would be worth it to stop in and try a different flavor.  But I'm a do-it-yourself kind of girl and think I prefer to buy my yogurt by the ounce.
3	We were curious to try this place after driving by a few times randomly, so last week we finally decided to stop by and try some of their frozen yogurt.  It's a cute place inside, and the girls at the counter were friendly enough.  They explained that there were the regular flavors that you could get with toppings and then there were the custom flavors that you could order, but you couldn't get a single serving of the custom flavors.  They had about 7 or so flavors that you could try in the single serving, and we tried the Tasti-tart and the Strawberry flavors, which were both pretty tasty (no pun intended) and we both got oreo topping on our yogurt.  This place was a pretty good bang for your buck, the cups look small, but when they fill it up with yogurt, it's actually a pretty decent size portion of yogurt.  I would definitely go back again to try some different flavors, but it's not a place that I would go out of my way to get on a regular basis.  But if you're in the mood for some quality yogurt at a reasonable price then definitely check this place out.
3	Would I go back?  Yes, but only because I have a limited caloric budget for the day, and this place fits into it.All the flavors kinda taste the same to me though....I sample the cherry cake, the brownie batter, and the dutch chocolate.  I hate to say it, but if I were blindfolded I'm not sure I could have told the difference between all three.Sigh.However, for 90 calories I was happy!  I felt like I was eating ice cream, even though it tasted like frozen whipped nothing....I'd go back, maybe to try a custom blended flavor or something....
4	I finally made it to tasti D-lite this afternoon... I was hungry for a snack and I was in the area, so I headed on over.  I'd been wanting to try Tasti D for awhile but timing never worked out until today.I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in.  It's colorful, packed with all kinds of treats, and the girls working there were friendly.  I saw the list of today's flavors and I sampled both the Tart 'n Tasti frozen yogurt and the Papaya .  I am more of a fro-yo girl than an ice cream girl, but I liked the mild flavor of the Papaya... However, I do see why there are some negative reviews depicting Tasti as bland and lacking flavor... I think if you don't compare it to the taste of full sugar ice-cream and you keep in mind that this is a lower calorie treat, you will like it.  At least I did! Anyways, I ended up ordering a medium cup of half Tart 'n Tasti and half Papaya with pomegranate and coconut toppings.  Both toppings were fresh and tasted great... and there was just the right amount to enjoy a bit of everything in each bite.  I didn't calculate how many calories my order had, but I can tell you that it tasted great and that it was the perfect late afternoon snack.  It filled me up for a few hours before dinner and I didn't feel guilty eating it either!I noticed Tasti's topping bar after I ordered which was probably a good thing.  It was cool to see that though; i felt like a kid in a candy store with easy access to so many treats!  I also spoke to Jonathan, the owner, during my visit.  He informed me that Tasti is working with several non-profits in the Valley, that they do birthday parties, and that they've got a ton more fun stuff in the works.  I brought home some tasti cannolis for Jared, I have a feeling he may not be as "crazy for Tasti" as I am, but to each their own...
5	Ever since I left the tri-state area, I've been inundated with information about Tasti-D from family and friends that are aware of my passion for frozen treats. While on a business trip to the area i decided to chech it out for myself.  All I can say is Tasti lives up to the hype. Jonathan (the owner) guided me through my Tasti tastings until we finally settled on a favorite (for that day anyway). I'll definitely put it on my list of stops whenever business brings me to the Phoenix area.
5	My husband and I had Tasti tonight and it was just that. This place is not for those of you that want processed and sugary, carb loaded additives in your treats. It tasted so fresh and light. I can appreciate frozen treat with such light calories. Customer service was great and I look forward to coming back in.
5	After hearing a lot of buzz about this place over the last few weeks I decided that I had better try it.  I've previously never heard of Tasti D-Lite but I learned it is big in New York and after trying it I think it will be big here as well.  I'm always looking for desserts that are tasty yet won't make me fatter or send me into carb/calorie overload so I was very excited to try this place.  Tasti D-Lite's main thing is that it is supposed to have very calorie-lite and tasty frozen yogurt/ice cream type stuff.  Although I'm still not sure if it is ice cream or frozen yogurt.  They even have a nutritional comparison with most of the other ice cream/frozen yogurt places so you can see how this place stacks up.  I was pleasantly surprised.Upon entering the place you will notice that it doesn't look that much different than the 75 other frozen yogurt places that have sprung up around the valley over the past couple years.  What you WILL notice is that each of their frozen treat offerings clearly show the amount of calories in it.  Friggin GENIUS!  Almost every other food selling establishment should take the hint from Tasti D-Lite and start doing this.  I understand that the average Joe doesn't care how many calories are in what he eats, but I think a lot of people would be way better off if they are given proper nutritional information of what goes into their mouths.So far I was impressed.  The place was nice and clean, the girl behind the counter (Megan) was very helpful and friendly, the prices were reasonable, etc.   BUT....did the stuff taste any good for having only a few calories per bite?  After sampling every one of their 5 or so flavors I was quite surprised.  Everything pretty much tasted like what it was supposed to and actually were very good.  It wasn't the best frozen yogurt stuff I've ever eaten, but it is pretty good.  Its not the creamiest, richest, or sweetest, but it is quite satisfying.  For under 100 calories for a small cup you can't go wrong.  But don't worry, you can still load your cup with the usual not-so-good-for-you toppings.Listen, if you want something that tastes like Chunky Monkey then this is not your place.  But if you want some decent frozen yogurt stuff that is lite on your wallet and calories, then pay Tasti D-Lite a visit.
5	Okay, it's a little expensive for ice cream compared to the cheap create your own fro-yo places, but that's literally the only downside, and it's not too bad.The list of flavors is huge.  So far, my favorites are the cinnamon crunch (yes, it tastes just like cinnamon toast crunch!) and rice pudding.  The featured flavors of the day (already made and ready to be served) rotate, but you can choose any of the other flavors and just pay a little more to have them make it for you.  You'll get out of there with a medium hand made icecream for about 5 bucks.  And will satisfy your sweet tooth with way less calories than actual ice cream, amazing.I met the owner during their grand opening back in Feb (they were handing out free small icecreams, score!).  She was so friendly, and told me all about why it was so much healthier for you--which of course, I wish I could remember, but hey, I get it--it's low cal and tastes awesome.  Enough said, I'm a fan.  I love the opportunity to support local businesses with great people!
1	After seeing a ton of tasti d-lites in NYC over the years, I finally decided to venture into one when I was at a conference in Scottsdale and it was at least 100 degrees.I love frozen yogurt more than ice cream so I figured this place would be awesome. EEK! METHINKS NOT!Here are the top 5 Low-Lights:1. 3.91 for a small cone! Dude, I can get a pint of ben n jerrys for this, or better yet just get a good ole cone for $1 at McDonalds.2. They only had 5 flavors when I went - I settled for Vanilla3. OMG the cone I got (I think it was a waffle cone with chocolate chips) was awful. The weirdest texture ever for a waffle cone. Very hard and not tasty at all.4. Service was good at first, but they were weird about giving me a cup when my cone started to tip over as I was paying ... I practically had to beg for napkins too (and they didn't even think of giving me a spoon once this ice cream was in the cup)5. I was told the product tastes very close to ice cream even though it looks more like fro yo. Whatever I thought - I like either. But when I started eating the ice cream, fro yo concoction, it was definitely more like fro yo, EXCEPT not even as good because of the texture. It was like there were tiny little ice chunks in this product. not appealing.
4	What do you do when it's 115 degrees out, you're nowhere near a pool and all you want to do is cool off? Well, that answer is easy for me --- I find a frozen sweet treat immediately and today, my choice was Tasti D-Lite. So why is this frozen yogurt shop any different then the others around town? Well, I didn't think there would be much of a difference to be honest...I just wanted fro yo and I've wanted to check out Tasti D-Lite for awhile. So, I went in and taste-tested each of the flavors: chocolate, peach, coconut cookie, tart and peanut butter. They were all milky and creamy, but I went with one of my favorite combos -- the original tart topped with strawberries. I took one bite and immediately I knew my verdict. Delicious!! Creamy, delicious, refreshing and healthy. OK the healthy part might be a hit or miss but all the others are dead-on! And it was actually different from any of the other frozen yogurt I've had.  Here are some other Tasti D-Lite highlights I enjoyed:- Toppings - not only do they have every topping and sauce you can imagine, but they put the toppings in these individual containers so you can take them on the go and avoid your topping getting soggy. Smart move right?- Ice cream sandwiches - Yep, they have ice cream sandwiches with frozen yogurt. Right up my alley! - Atmosphere - The character of Tasti D-Lite follows its name perfectly. It's fun and colorful. From the group of teenagers who were hanging out there, any age would agree. So next time you're a. hot b. have low blood sugar or c. just want something sweet to brighten your mood; I suggest you check out Tasti D-Lite. It also happens to be next to two great shopping corridors so you can do some retail therapy while you eat!
1	Tasti D-Lite is just awful, which makes the name sadly ironic. Only offering 5 flavors at a time is a bummer, but the bigger issue is that the flavors are all flavorless - bland, bland, bland - and they leave a weird aftertaste in your mouth. Not only that but the staff can't even explain what this stuff is, which is a little scary - "It's not ice cream but it's not yogurt" was the explanation we got. Glad to know what it's NOT, but I have no freakin' clue what it IS, either. Nor do I care, at this point...I won't be eating it ever again. If you're in this area, head to Golden Spoon, instead...it's just a minute north on Scottsdale Rd., in the Promenade, and has frozen yogurt that actually has taste and will give you delight.
3	Tried there tart just the other day topped with fresh strawberries and raspberries. I really wanted a small as I had just gotten an unwhich from around the block...but hey buy a medium and get free toppings. Ginormous serving. But it was good. The flavor was on spot but the texture felt more like a custard or thick soft serve which was a bit different. I will definitely go back to try some additional flavors.
1	I applaud the healthy approach, but no taste at all.  If I am going to eat ice cream I want it to taste good.  I tried three different flavors with my kids and we chucked them all in the garbage after only a few bites.  Nice try, but this place is horrible...sorry!
1	Another disappointment in Scottsdale...No more franchises, please.Below average sweets, that's it!
1	I was given a gift card for this place and finally decided to check it out.  I was very excited to see that they had Nutella as one of the flavors.  Well, it was brown, cold and has the consistency of ice cream but the flavor was definitely lacking-to non existent.  I know it's less calories but geez, I think I'll do some extra pushups and have some Golden Spoon instead.  I ended up throwing the majority of it out.. my dog's ice cream probably tastes better.   Update:~Wow "Johnathan", pretty hostile comments of my review.. I'm entitled to my opinion and review of your place..that is what YELP is all about...I am by far the best word-of-mouth- person you will ever come across...so I will be sure to share with everyone I come into contact with what a weirdo, cyber bully you are, and to stay clear from this establishment.
5	Incredibly delicious...hard to believe it's a low calorie treat!  My favorites as I frequent this venue are the rice pudding (lightly dusted with toasted coconut) and the mudpie flavor (topped with oreos).  What's really cool about this spot is that on Saturday nights they have family game night.  They have a variety of games available and/or you can take your own.  My 2 boys ran into their friends there and I met a few new parents.  We had so much fun....3 hours later we were almost helping close the place down.  I love that the owners (the Kaufman's) have brought back a family style atmosphere...it's so nice to get the kiddos away from the video games and offering board games where they can interact with others and enjoy true fun!  Everyone gets involved...which is nice to see!So...thank you thank you thank you!!
4	Great options and topping choices
5	Tasti was one of the first places I used to run to when I visited NYC, and I was ecstatic to learn we were getting one in Scottsdale! Mmmmm...bananas foster is the best! If your favorite flavor isn't on the daily list, you can make it for a dollar extra- which is a great option when you have a craving. I love knowing when I eat Tasti, I'm not eating a whole 600 calorie wreck like I'm sure I do at the self serve shops and honestly, Tasti D-Lites flavors taste soooo much better to me than those places too. I'm so glad trips to Tasti are now a whole plane ticket cheaper!! ;-)
