5	I just drop off packages here. So I'm not sure about the prices in the store. But the store is always clean & bright. The two workers there is always nice & friendly. If they see you have a large package they come & open the door for you and ask if you need help carrying it.
2	I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon.  My plan was to use the self-serve computer station to print out some items I had saved in my e-mail.  They charge $.99 per color printed page and $.79 per black/white printed page.  While I don't expect the price to be on par w/ what it would cost me to do this at home, frankly the price is ridiculous.  I know this is set by corporate, not this individual location, but it's still worth mentioning.I was in a bit of a rush as I had a meeting to go to with the documents I was printing.  While I was printing, the printer ran out of paper.  There was no paper available near the unit to refill.  My experience with this location as well as the location at Flamingo & 215 is that they are always understaffed.  I never see more than 1 person working the print counter (SOMETIMES there is a second person dealing w/ packages).  I went to the counter (ahead of other people) to ask for paper to fill printer.  She said she would be by in a minute to fill it.  I waited almost 20 minutes for her to finish what she was doing with everyone in line (plus two more people that came in after I talked to her).  Then she filled the printer.  Needless to say I was in a rush and not happy.  This could have been solved two ways 1 - staff appropriately.  1 person is simply not enough to man this store.  2 - just hand me the ream of paper and I'll do it myself.  It's a standard printer...who in this day and age can't open a drawer and drop some paper in?Anywho - I get my prints (finally) and I'm using the paper cutter (which is free, along w/ tape, highlighters for use, etc - and very convenient) and the clerk had two different family members or friends come in and proceed to have conversations from one side of the store to the other.  It didn't delay anything else for me, but it was a bit distracting.I doubt I'll return to this store for simple printing needs.  Time to just replace my printer!
2	First of all Gabriela was great! She did the very best she possibly could have, greeted every customer as they walked in and handled the sea of people as quickly and professionally as she could. She acknowledged wait times repeatedly and when I realized fax was self serve and left the line she came to check on me because she noticed I was missing. Both my stars are for her.Now the guy in the blue shirt. Never got his name. The store was extremely busy and I could hear him on the phone, trying to hide around the corner. I caught a glimpse of him a couple times but he was careful not to make eye contact.  He stayed in the back until Gabriela had gotten everyone set up on machines. Then he stepped out, asked the room (making no specific eye contact) if anyone had questions, then headed out the door before anyone could answer.So far I had waited in line almost 10 min. Waited several min for the very slow fax machine, and then I had to wait in line again so I could pay.As I walked out of the store, the guy in the blue shirt was smoking and playing on his phone. My 1 year old (very fussy at this point) caught a puff of smoke in the face and coughed.  He never looked up from his phone.I feel bad for the girl working with him. I have done a lot of retail. What he did was not ok to his customers or coworker. Gabriela got a lot of grief from a lot of customers and handled it by politely smiling and apologizing.  She acknowledged my fussing child directly. Could have been a 5 star customer service experience if she had been given some much needed help by her coworker.
4	Since I don't have a landline anymore I come to this location whenever I need to fax anything. Store is clean and the two ladies that work there are always helpful & friendly.
5	Very friendly and helpful employees. Better prices on packing service and materials than UPS store. No lines like the post office.
