1	I went to Giovanni's for the first time because my friend had a coupon from an Entertainment book. I gotta say, this place is a real dive, but the staff are friendly and the food is cheap-to-moderately priced. We ordered the "garlic balls" appetizer just because the name was too funny to pass them up.  I did not like them AT ALL. They were just balls of bread with possibly olive oil on them, and they tasted of garlic powder, not fresh garlic.  Even the brownish "sauce" that accumulated underneath the "balls" didn't taste that great. My two companions thought they were ok, although I noticed they wouldn't eat them without dousing each piece in parmesan cheese.That should have warned me, but we ordered pizzas anyway, and I was not happy.  We ordered a 6-meat pizza and the Giovanni's Favorite garlic pizza, minus the spinach but with extra garlic.  The meat pizza was all right- not great, but not good enough for me to come back.As for the garlic pizza, I come from Ohio where Cap'n Tony's sells the best garlic pizza I've ever had, so I know good garlic pizza. Theirs was not only a bad example of a garlic pizza, it wasn't even good pizza- bland, tasteless, blah. You could see the extra garlic (it basically looked like it came from a jar of minced garlic, although that doesn't mean it was) but the pizza just wasn't flavorful.  I thought they might have forgotten to put seasoning on it but no, the waitresses assured us that this is the way it always is. The waitress tried to convince us that the pizza was just "dry" because there was no spinach on it, but we hadn't even complained that it was dry. We complained that it had no flavor.  My friend gave the waitress a run for her money in an attempt to salvage the terrible garlic pizza, but the restaurant wouldn't replace it, and the waitress called my friend "aggressive" in the process.  She did add some ingredients to it to help with the taste but since we had a coupon and it was free, the restaurant wasn't inclined to help us out.  I'm not a confrontational person and I just wanted out of there - I actually felt bad for the waitress because it's hard to be in the middle of something like that, but I sure did hate that pizza. So, this place may have its following, and the staff were actually friendly despite the disagreement, but I liked neither the decor nor the pizza, and I won't be back.  Only one star from me.
1	So I went here years ago with a buddy of mine and was in the neighborhood again , so I thought I'd stop in for a lunch and grab a little Togo lunch.  So for a salad, garlic balls, and two slices of pizza , the total was ~$20. For two people at a pizza joint kind of pricey! The salad was nothing special, the garlic balls were burned, had no garlic flavor and the pizza was reheated in the oven! That is probably why on a Sunday afternoon , there was not a single soul in there aside from me. The service, however, was amazing, everyone was friendly!Did not make up for the lack of quality of food!
5	A co-worker from New Jersey recommended this place saying "they have the best pie in town".  He also insisted the difference is in their cheese and they use better cheeses compared to other restaurants. So I tried it a few weeks ago and I have nothing bad to say about the restaurant or their food, the service was very friendly too and he was right about the cheese.Also, when I was a kid I worked at the best pizza place (Mi Piace) in my hometown of Pinole, CA. We made our own dough (with beer)  fresh daily as well as grated cheese on site and used all fresh and top of the line ingredients including fresh Italian sausage (not precooked) and linguica. We actually had two really good pizza places (the other was C&C Pizza) in Pinole and I've tried a lot of independently owned pizza places in my life so I think I'm a fairly good judge of pizza places.
5	One of my favorite pizza places to go to.....Their pizzas are good, but they don't only sell pizzas. They sell Italian food. Not just a few, they actually have a menu just for Italian food. This place is good because if someone wants pizza they can order that.If the other person wants to more like a meal they can do that too.If you're ever on this side of town you should try their doughnut desserts. They have powdered or cinnamon. They have TV's there for the football season. Actually the TV is there all year round. Check it out...you'll love it!!!
4	Giovanni's is our go-to for takeout pizza or a super casual eat-in.It's a pretty standard pizza joint, not fancy, but I wouldn't call it a dive. A couple pluses for the atmosphere: live music on some nights and they sell beer. That's gotta be worth a star or so.I mostly stick to the pizza, but the other Italian food is decent as well.Service is always friendly and prompt. The best thing about Giovanni's is their specials - on Mondays you can get an extra large pizza for lunch for just $9! I go with coworkers and split it among 4 people - that's cheaper than McDonald's!Once more, this is a place right in my hood, and I can walk there, so I'm definitely a fan of Giovanni's!
4	CLOSED! I waited and waited to write this, but I have been by Giovanni's 3 times since New Years, and each time the place was closed. Everything was still inside, so I had hopes they were just renovating or something, but this past weekend, the chairs and tables were removed. Sorry to see you go,Giovanni's!
4	Giovanni's is back! New owner, but identical menu and if you ask about the old specials, they will honor them. From what I heard, the old owners sold the place to the chef, so you can expect basically the exact same pizza and Italian food they sold before.
5	Love this place!  The food and service is amazing!  The portions are gigantic and happy hour is half off everything but drinks!  happy hour is 3-6!
3	Food is good for the money. Staff and management are super. Very family friendly atmosphere (crayons, booths). Cold beer and sports on the TVs. Our family goes at least a couple of times a month and we refer to it as "our pizza spot."  Make sure you get the zeppolis!
3	I heard the original owner JC is taking the place back and scheduled to reopen in a few weeks! looking foward to checking it out! It was horrible with the asian lady owning it!
5	Great TRUE home style Italian food. I had heard of this place thru a friend and visited while in town. I had their smothered calzone and it was exceptional. The sauce was the best part. Flavored to perfection. They also have a small market of imported goods, I was able to take home some delish pasta and rare olive oil. The head chef John even showed me a few cool cooking techniques. I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to eat there again.
4	I'm basing my review strictly off the food .. When we went today for lunch the waitress girl must have no called no showed because our waiter eric was back and forth from the kitchen so it was a lil slow but he did a good job... I checked in on yelp and got freeeeee garlic knots which were perfect !!! I then had a Caprese salad which again was delish fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, basil and a tasty olive oil ... MMmm... then a calzone with black olives and sausage... The people i was with ordered a Misto plate which was yummy too all imported meats and cheeses and the parm is so fresh... We finished it up with warm zeppolis ... all the food was wonderful, I cannot wait to go try everything else... If they get a good waitress who can run that dining room it will be 5 stars for sure.... Without a doubt!!! John the owner is nice and inviting and the man knows what he's doing in the kitchen!!!! We will be back ..... over and over again !!!!!
4	I was really excited to find a legit Italian restaurant when I got into town.  As soon as you walk into the fun and casual atmosphere their super-cute server Deena and owner John make you feel so welcome.  Inside its really laid back, has nice wide booths and checkered tablecloths with Italian-themed decor.  I had the dinner salad with freshly shaved Parmesan and a rice ball.  There aren't many places I know that serve rice balls so I was really excited.  It could've used a bit more cheese but the pool of marinara it comes in totally makes up for it.  Can't wait to go back for Johns zuppa with mussels, yummm!!!
5	Amazing Italian food! The staff was very attentive. The garlic knots and rice balls were phenomenal..I highly recommend them.
5	Had the garlic knotts, rice ball, antipasto salad and pizza. It was all amazing! The food quality is very good, highly recommend this place. The food is cooked to order to it does take a little longer but it's worth it.
5	This place recently  opened under new management. Give it a try, the food is so good and reasonably priced. No frills place just great food. The large calzone is enough for four people, great eggplant and if you love garlic, try the garlic balls, omg!
5	Went to Giovanni's yesterday for the first time for lunch and I can not say enough great things about this place. The service was excellent (which is hard to find in Vegas no matter where you go) and the food is much better than some of the higher end Italian restaurants in the city. They still have a passion for food and that is lacking in all of the chain restaurants. Even with the food being authentic they have figured out a way to keep their prices low and servings large. If you go to an Italian restaurant and like to fill up on unlimited soup and salad keep going to that spot, but if you want to fill your stomach with delicious sauces, meats, pastas and cheese try Giovanni's. Don't forget the garlic balls!
4	I ate at the previous Giovanni's a couple of times maybe 3 or 4 years ago,  it was ok but not good enough for me to order from regularly.  I decided to give them another try after reading that they were under new management, and the food is much improved.  This is pretty much the only place I know of that delivers good pasta, and they have great sauces that I believe are homemade unlike the typical canned crap from most pizza places.  The employees were all very friendly.My only complaint is that the pizza was pretty average.  I'd eat it again, but I didn't feel like it lived up to the same standard set by the other dishes.
5	Better than ever... Amazing Italian food at an affordable price. Wouldn't go anywhere else.  Thank God JC is back!
5	Unfortunately JC was injured on the job which forced him to close his doors. RIP Giovanni's, you will be missed.
