5	Excellent service and great food!
1	Way to Fast!     Burger was under a warmer(heat lamps)yuck!   No way to cook burger in 2mins.      I ordered a Bacon Cheese Burger and at first order taker repeated back saying that it was a plain burger with bacon and cheese and I politely corrected.   Bacon Cheese Burger with everything.   I got home and to my surprise hardly anything on burger 2 skinny tomatoes and less than an ounce of brown lettuce...had to open fridge and put lettuce and mayo on and I had ordered that.   I also chose to add ketchup and mustard due to dry burger...again YUCK!     This makes me wonder how my wifes breakfast sandwich was...probably nuked it!   Frys horrible!  Cherry Limeaid only good thing!     Learn how to build a burger...very slopply!  How does this place have 5 Stars?
4	Super fast service! We don't have a Sonic near us in Michigan, but have to stop for Cherry Lime Aide when in AZ.  So good!  The food is typical greasy fast food, but good options and breakfast is available all day.
4	I love the ice and an ocean water!Its your typical sonic. Good food and drinks. The people who work there are polite and hurry to get you your stuff. If I am thirsty, I like to stop here and get a diet ocean water. Hubby likes to get coke with cherries. You can also buy their ice if you are having a party. Not much else to report here. Check it out!
5	Slushes on a HOT summer day in AZ.  Cools you off quick.  They added like a million new flavors.  I am still a blue coconut girl!
5	Was just here yesterday and there was a car hop (girl in her late teens I think) whose customer service skills were on point for a sonic. Just friendly and knew exactly how to keep a conversation. Forgot her name but you don't run across many car hops like her so she shouldn't be that hard to pin point! Great job!
5	We had a minor issue with our meal, one of our items was left out. We contacted the server, Blake, who was awesome about getting the order fixed. He brought out a fresh item, a couple coupons, and even brought a bowl with water for our dogs to enjoy while we ate. He made what would have normally been a frustrating situation into an impressive display of customer service. Kudos.
