5	I don't even know where to start with this review. I reached out to several limo companies after my brother's "friends" who he had been planning to ride with to prom ditched him the night before prom. They told my brother he was not invited to go with them after all and were very rude about it. My family and I have been going through a few obstacles this week and even though my mom just had two surgeries she has been running my brother around getting things done to make his night a success so hearing that he would not be getting a ride was very upsetting. I know my brother would have been happy to just get a ride in my mom's old pick up truck just as long as he was going to prom. I just couldn't see letting those pricks win like that so I sent about 20 emails to different limo places, car clubs and friends who I knew had nice vehicles. Out of everybody only one person called me back and that was Dave from Generosity Limo. I was shocked to even get a reply from someone and at the time of his call I was dealing with my own bully. When I finally did get to talk to Dave he was more than willing to help and he will never know just what an impact he made on mine and my family's life. They say angels do exist here on earth and I can honestly say Dave is one of them. At the time that all of this took place I did not know much about his company so I decided to read up about it and I was amazed that I have never heard of them before. Dave and his company are wonderful and donate to charity all the time and that is something I can really get behind. I will be recommending this place to anybody who will listen. When I spoke to Dave early in the morning I thought maybe he would send out a driver but he personally saw to it that my brother made it to all of his locations on time and in style. He provided a very nice SUV and treated my brother and his date like royalty. I know it was probably hard for my brother to see those nasty bullies but at least he wasn't being dropped of by my mom or me in our old cars. I don't know if Dave knows this but my mom's truck broke just as she was going to drop him off at the pick up location. I was in my PJ's and flew to go pick her and my brother up so unfortunately I  looked a hot mess when I met Dave and I was in pain because I didn't have my scooter but I hope he knows when I hugged him just how thankful we all were for his kindness. All of this was done out of the goodness of his heart and for that I pray he and the company are blessed. If you want great customer care and someone who has a wonderful heart I seriously recommend this company for all of your limo and luxury car needs. Thank you again Dave 5 stars is not enough because you are the best!
5	Had a very special night thanks to Generosity limo service. Picked me up from home in time enough to go to pick up my girlfriend from home and took us to our dinner date at 8pm. The limo was nice and clean with lots of room. After dinner the driver was outside waiting to take us anywhere else we wanted to go. Excellent service from pick-up to drop off. I look forward to using you guys again soon!!!
5	For car service, I will definitely recommend Generosity Limo. I needed a ride to the airport...at 4:00 in the morning! I had no options, and this was an important trip. I contacted Generosity, and Dave was very accommodating. He told me it was his pleasure to get me to my destination and that I should expect my driver on time. As an infrequent traveler, I was nervous about being on time because of all the stories you hear about airport security and how much time it takes to get through. Also, I live about an hour from the airport. I wasn't quite ready to go yet at around 3:50 a.m. when I got a knock on my door that startled me. The driver was early! The car was nice and clean, comfortable, and a smooth ride. The driver was professional and seemed to really care about getting me to the airport on time. I enjoyed the ride and arrived safely with plenty of time to get through security and wait for my flight. Because of my trip to the airport, I believe my trip to Michigan was stress free and very enjoyable.I would recommend Generosity Limo for anyone who needs car service!
