4	This place is a great mix of elegant Italian dining and neighborhood pizza joint. Everything from the pizza to the calamari is tasty. A nice house sauce and a great environment.
2	We just moved here from Scottsdale and live very close to this place. We desperately want it to be good.  I would much rather support a local establishment than a chain.  The first couple times we visited in Sept it was awesome.  Unfortunately it has gone down hill a bit from there.  Their pizza that started out as a stand out has been lackluster and soggy the last few times we have ordered it.  I hope this is just growing pains and they can right the ship.
4	One of the best non-chain pizza places in the University area.
4	My family loves this place. Their house balsamic dressing and homemade bread are worth the trip alone. Try the eggplant rollatini if you enjoy eggplant. The only thing is I don't care for their meat sauce.
5	Best pizza in town, traditional ny style and they also have sicilan which is my favorite
2	I stopped eating out at basic Italian places because... Heck I can fix most of these items better than they do!  This place is no exception. I only come here because my "special" somebody (as in he is really special when it comes to his taste bud or the lack thereof) truly thinks this place has the best pizza. My dear yelper friends, read my lips, they do NOT have the best pizza.  Nothing here is memorable. To be fair, their food are edible and especially if you are hungry and you are stuck out that way (hence 2 stars)  Truth is their marinara sauce was tart. I had to work on it at the table in order for it to not taste like it came from a can. Meatballs were blend and a little tough. Pizza looked under-cooked. Service was never great. I really think it is a waste of a restaurant because they obviously have a core support group in order for it to be still in business. So either all their regulars do not know what real and good Italian food taste like or... Sadly I can't think of another reason.
5	Love this place, authentic pizza- great salads & pasta. Friendly staff - so glad to have this place.
5	I am from NJ and I know good pizza.  This place has good NYC style pizza.  I can't believe the bad reviews it has gotten.  Before you make any judgments just swing by and have a slice.  If you know good pizza, you will like this place.
5	There are only two pizza places I'll eat at and this is number one for me. I get a large Pepperoni pizza every weekend. The owner and staff are super nice even the cooks are nice to me! New York style pizza and super fresh. I know it's strange but they have a great Philly cheese steak too. When my meat eating friends are in town we go for a large all meat pizza and that is also great. I can't speak on the other Italian dishes but the pizzas out of this world. Locally owned and operated you can't beat it.
5	No need for a long drawn out review here.....this is the real deal!! The pizza....will bring a tear to your eye, the crust is the best I have had anywhere. I have tried about every pasta dish on the menu, each one better than the next. Their bread is to die for....you get the idea here.....just go there. The incredible staff will make you feel at home.....just go there!!!!
5	This has ended up being out go-to place for take out or dine in Italian.  Wait staff is awesome, bread and salads don't hurt my feelings and the courses are huge and well seasoned.  My initial concerns have been put to rest.  Thank you Capriccio's
5	Best authentic food in Charlotte. We eat them 1-2 times a week. From the pizza, to the gnocchi and even the wings, you won't find any better.
5	Stromboli  HEAVEN. Havnt had one that good since I left New York. Great calamari, seafood and eggplant dishes as well. Good cheesecake as well! Portion sizes are perfect to fill you up, except for the tormented stromboli. A large can feed a family of four.
5	If you are from anywhere north of Maryland, you no doubt miss pizza. As an Italian kid from Philly, I end up cooking all my own food, because I'll be dam ned if I'm eating some Olive Garden nonsense.The we discovered Capriccios. Since I was in college, we'd drive over to the south Harrisburg area when we had a few extra bucks to spend to get the real deal slice. Now, I live closer by and have the privilege to eat here whenever I want, and nothing could make me happier.The food is amazing, the gnocchi, the meats, everything. Thank you Capriccios, you make it taste like home!
2	Their pizza is really going downhill.  I used really like their pizza but the last one was flavor lacking and really chewy!
5	New Yorker..... this place even smells right! I have never been disappointed! So happy to find my comfort food!
3	I love a good slice of pizza, loaded with cheese,and just enough sauce and the right combination of herbs and I  though I found the perfect place in Capriccio...but lately the pizza is tasteless, soggy and not good at all.  Not sure if they let it go to their head that the pizza was that good... or did they change the staff... but whatever it is PLEASE go back to the way you use to make pizza.....please :)   I really miss my slice !
4	A nice, small Italian restaurant in the Brookdale Plaza on Rocky River off I-485, it has great Veal Parmigiana and all kinds of pizzas.  It's a very inexpensive getaway and Frank Sinatra lovers will definitely frequent the place because his songs are constantly being played. Ask for Holly to be your waitress.
5	The absolute best NY style pizza un Charlotte. The two men who own Capriccios are Italian and lovely! We typically get their large cheese pizza (good pizza doesn't need toppings in my opinion) or the Stromboli. Either are enough to feed a small army and are excellent.
5	Love love love Capriccios! My family and I have been coming here since 2007 and the pizza/pasta is always good. Every time we visit we feel like family and I will never eat pizza any where else.
3	Huge pizza fan here, and let me say I will eat just about any pizza out there. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. The owner is very nice service was great. Over all a nice place, but if your looking for some great pizza I would not recommend.
5	By far the BEST pizza in Charlotte...but it doesn't stop there. The owner and staff are so warm and friendly. You always feel welcomed and special! The grilled chicken salad is wonderful, the pasta dishes are great, you will be very pleased whatever your meal selection. I love Cappricios!!!
5	Anthony the owner is from Naples , Italy.  He is a great cook and an even better person.  YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE.  NY NJ people in NC this is back home stuff.  In many ways a tad better.  This guy takes NO SHORT CUTS when he cooks.  All of the food is good.  I specifically love the veal and their pizza is very , very good.  The service is excellent.  The place is spotless.   SECRET-  If their is something on the menu that you do not see, or you want something made special, tell him and he will make it for you.  ie-  Broccholi Robb and sausage.  Madone, can he cook.
5	Friendly staff and quick and easy take out. We got a Sicilian pie to go and it was delicious! You can taste the fresh basil in the sauce. Very close to NY style and flavor! We will be back for more!!
5	This place is the best. Quick service, delicious food, and friendly staff. I have been a customer since the day I moved into the neighborhood and I still can't get enough. I love the authenticity of the preparation and the laid back vibe in the place. I have absolutely no complaints. This is consistent NY style goodness! Perfect for the family or a casual date night.
4	First time to the restaurant. Service was good. Ambiance was poor - chair rails and walls all scuffed up, and the place could use some kind of ceiling divider to keep the bright white kitchen lights out of dining area. But we were there for the food. The soup was pasta fagioli -  a cream base rather than tomato and it tasted more like a bean soup. It was good. Ordered the chicken special and a pizza to share.  Chicken dish had two chicken breasts covered with prosciutto and smokey mozarella, with pasta and sauce. A bit salty but the chicken and pasta was cooked perfectly. It was a huge serving - more than enough to share and take extras home. The pizza was cheese, sausage, onion and pepperoni. Again, good sauce and flavors, but it was quite greasy. Will definitely go back,but will probably ask for a table near the front windows.
4	Not sure why it took me so long to write a review for this place, because I am here all the time.  It is quick, close to home and tasty.  It does remind me of pizza joints that you would find in NY, grease and all.So far I have tried their cheese pizza, ziti and lasagna and everything has been really good, satisfying, very reasonably priced and consistent.  Consistency is a big deal for me, when I go to Capriccio's I know what to expect every time.The owner is very friendly and he really puts the effort into making sure you are happy with your visit.Way to go Capriccio's!!  Keep up the good work!!
5	Just loved the homemade bread, lentil soup, stuffed mushrooms and pizza. Relaxed atmosphere. Friendly waiters. Family oriented. What's not to like?
4	I eat here about once a week now. The value you get for your dollar is great as the portions are pretty large, and it is pretty cheap for Italian. Entrees come with soup or salad, I always get soup and Ive had like 3 or 4 different soups and not a single one has disappointed. Ive had multiple entrees, all but one were very good, the one I didnt care for lacked flavor and I believe it was because they were busy and I let it slide. Only had a plain slice one time and that was probably the best you will find in the area, very solid pizza (I was born and raised in NY). Overall a great spot for a relatively inexpensive, relaxing night out with the old lady or the whole family. Solid italian food.
5	NY-style pizza is my favorite and Capriccio's is the best I've found in metro Charlotte. Very good NY style pizza, very good price, and they even make good, strong iced tea. I've driven 20 minutes out of my way just for their pizza.  If you like NY-style, go!
