5	Yup, I'm reviewing a gas station. I like the Quiktrip chain in general and this station in particular.I find Quiktrips to generally be the cheapest gas in town. Sure, the Arco sign down the street might say it's 2 cents/gallon cheaper, but then you get whacked with the ATM surcharge, not to mention there's all those bums loitering in the adjacent bus stop.With Quiktrip, the place is well lit, there's always a trash can and window squeegee at every pump, the convenience store is better than most, and unlike most other gas stations, they don't charge you for the air compressor. Oh, and the person at the register will actually greet you when you step inside the door, while managing to sound sincere about it. Is that the coolest thing for a convenience store or what? Bonus: for those of you who enjoy shopping at the Hot Chick Safeway down the street, this is the Hot Chick Gas Station.
5	This place is located right around the corner from my fabulous apartment.  I like this place for a few reasons.  First, it has really cheap gas!  They also have free air for your tires!  The parking lot/gas area is nice and big, so you can easily manuver your vehicle around without to many worries.The inside and outside of this place is nice and clean, comparatively speaking.  The place is well lit, and carries a nice variety of drinks, snacks, and the staff here is CLEAN and friendly also.  I think QT does a great job of keeping this place clean, and the staff is great here.
2	Beware of pump number 8.  I was filling my tank with the "safety" latch on...washing my windshield when I heard a whining sound.  I looked to see it over-pumped about 2 gallons of gas....it went EVERYWHERE.  I waded thru the huge pool and stopped it from pumping.  I had to literally push my SUV away from the gas before starting my vehicle.  I could have been blown to bits in a fire-y hell.   They promptly cleaned up the spill and I demanded that pump be shut down until it is properly fixed.  AND THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME THIS PUMP HAS DONE THIS.  It happened a year before.  Come on boys...be smart and get this fixed before someone dies.  I now smell of gasoliine....arghhhhhh.  My main reason for getting gas was to fill the tank before prices sky rocket.  Just my luck.
5	What can you say about a gas station? They have good gas at fair prices, usually cheaper that what similar grade companies are charging. All of their locations are clean and set up the same. If I'm on the road and have to use a bathroom, I almost always look for a QuikTrip because I know it'll be clean. Their staff is friendly, clean, and if there is a line inside the cashier has the ability to assist multiple people at once.
4	Somebody please tell me why QT is the best gas station/convenience store ever?The layout is the same for every one. The bathrooms are always less gross than other convenience stores. The service is always phenom. Gas is usually relatively cheaper than other stations in the area. Plus its like a one stop shop for emergency "got to have it now"s like snickers and chicharones and energy drinks and milk and wipies right? Hahaha!I don't know. My yelp told me to write a review... =D
2	I love QT but I feel like the maintenance quality has gone down over the past few years. I use to be able to go to any QT and find clean window wash water, litter free parking lot, and not get my shoes all sticky as I'm filling up. I continue to visit QT because of the great variety of drinks. But I'm not impressed with the exterior dirtiness.
