4	Friday night at the PCL is kind of a must-do for those in the know. 9p-10p is half price drinks, so you can start your night off pretty well there, before heading off to some wack azz Scottsdale club like Axis/Radius or Myst. but if you stay you'll hear a really good dj (not a phrase you'll hear me use often) and have a lot of fun. i've heard that the crowd there is very Scottsdale, but by the time 10:30 rolls around and other people are arriving i'm ususally too drunk to notice. bonus points if you can get your friend to throw up on someone's $200 jeans ON HER BIRTHDAY.
4	Pussycat was great they treated us real good.  the DJ Rocked the house.   Got to talking and he said he might be playing the Underground in Chicago and various dates.  The staff were all friendly.  Love Bottle service... they  bounced people out for us and got us a slick table with a great location.  You really do have to pay if you want to play!  Then we rocked the house until it closed...sexy women and men every where!  4 stars for size... smaller place.  we shouldn't have had to bounce anyone!
2	yep, two stars, but it's not my style at all. in fact, scottsdale in general is not my style.i hit this place up at about 10:30 or 11 on a Friday, and indeed it was a line and crowded inside. I can't remember if we were pulled out of line or not, but if they do that for girls, then that's about the only thing this place has going for it.there are few tables that line the walls, and from what i remember four and a half foot railing that squares off an area for dancing, i guess? but it's so small that people end up dancing wherever and count on getting bumped in to by enough posing muscle heads and drunk girls that $10 worth of your $12 drink has been spilled on someone's Tru Religion jeans.
4	PCL is a very trendy lounge. Judging by the size of the crowd, this place is very popular and the line to get in is long if you get there after 10pm. The drinks are pretty good and moderately priced (if you are not a student). The interior decor is a plus and I was fascinated by a picture they had on both sides of the bar of a girl with burning candles which appeared very life like. The only negative is the size of this place.
2	Great place to go if you want to stand around like sardines in a can, getting your drink spilled all over you. I would suggest venturing in if only to watch all the drunk chicks pass out in that hanging swing though.
2	Throw this one into the pot with Suede and Axis because they are fundamentally indistinguishable. They are all equally cheezy and tasteless, and work wonders catering to crowds that don't seem to care. Not surprisingly, everything here is overpriced and dudes have to drop eight or ten bucks to walk in the door. It's just not my scene. I don't wax my chest or wear more expensive jeans then my girlfriend, so, it wouldn't be. But some people do, so, if that's you, then welcome home. You just won't see me there.
3	PCL, as I found it is commonly referred to as, was an ok place to go.  It was very crowded, which I guess is supposed to mean that it is good.  One thing I didn't like was that every time a good song came on, only about a third of the song was played, so just as you were starting to really feel it on a song they changed it and threw you off.We bought a bottle, actually 4, which I don't know if we ordered all of them or if they just kept bringing them when we ran out.  There were a lot of us so maybe somebody kept ordering.  This was my first experience getting a table and one thing that struck me as odd was that you can' t pour your own drinks out of the bottle, the server has to do it for you.  This could just be an Arizona thing but I'm not sure.Thinking back I'm not sure whether I would have had a good time here if we had not gotten a table.
3	With two-for-one drinks until 10 p.m. nightly, the PCL -- as those in the know call it -- gets the party started early. The bar is usually swarming with the young and fashionably hip who shake their groove thangs to Top 40 and old-school hip-hop jams or show off their pole-dancing moves on one of the club's dancing poles. There's also a fluffy swing where the ladies can't help but vogue. Expect a line on weekends -- after 11 p.m., it's difficult to get into this Scottsdale hotspot.
4	A few words on PCL:You are GOING to get your drink spilled on you.You are GOING to overpay for your drinks.You are GOING to get groped by random dudes on the dance floor.You are GOING to wait in line for the bathroom and while you do, you will more than likely see a girlfight outside of it and watch two lunatic girls get hauled out of the bar, one with a broken nose and one with a bloody face.  Or maybe that was the same girl.  Swear to you I saw this exact scene at this exact bathroom line twice in a row.  If the girl fight isnt enough to make you want to brave the scene (or the line outside) at PCL, you should know a few other things:People watching is top of the line here.  Everyone seems to be black-out drunk and on top of each other by midnight.  8 girls are trying to pile on the swing and 2 others are trying their luck on the pole, coming inches from splitting their heads open on the floor below.  Wait for it.....   One day.  Fingers crossed.  The guy that groped you is more than likely pretty damn hot.  And if youre black out drunk, even if hes not, he will sure look hot to you!  If you can bring a big enough group, do the VIP thing and keep pretty well lubed up with booze, you wont mind your new vodka soda infused Sevens or the fact that Chachi just grabbed your boob.  Again.
2	Douchey, small, overpriced, overhyped. If you're out for some sort of exclusive fancy-pants dress-up Scottsdale club full of college age kids, go here. Dirtyscottsdale.com gets a lot of their pictures from here.
4	This is a place to see and be seen.  Lots of hot girls dressed as scantily as possible, drunk and making out with each other on the dance floor.  How can that possibly be bad?  If you don't like to party, you can just stay home in your cheap clothing having deep meaningful conversations with yourself.  If you want to have a good time, put on your finest duds, pop your collar, and head here.
4	It was almost against my wishes that I came here.  My husband wanted to dance and I'm not a house girl (those days were over long ago!) so PCL was it.  Dare I say I enjoyed myself?  I'm kind of mad at myself for that....All I knew of PCL is what is portrayed on dirtyscottsdale and as we all know that doesn't paint a great picture!  As the "place to see and be seen" I was expecting beautiful, fashionable people but um, that wasn't really the case.  (My inner Yelp b***h is about to come out.)  If PCL is where fashion exists here...fashion in this city is just...well, its behind.  Like 9 months behind.  (That is of course, the girls that choose to wear clothing...)  I was just really bummed out about it.  People weren't really dressed up (think jeans and "cute tops"....if you want to wear your fun party dress go to Skybar).  I luckily had no drinks spilled on my dress (which would have stained and totally sucked)  but perhaps it was because I was seated at a table?   Although several Yelpers have said (and their own website says) that they offer 2 for 1 drinks before 10pm we were charged full price for our drinks.  (The drinks we ordered before 10 pm were charged at the same price as the drinks we ordered after 10pm).  The charge for 2 Vodka/Red Bulls was $22, which if it was 2 for 1, would have been ridiculous.  The drinks were strong though which is always important.It's a nice lounge, although I didn't really appreciate the chicky over the bar giving me the finger all night. (I mean the half naked burlesque dancers at the Pussy Cat Dolls Lounge in Vegas are way more inviting and fun). I was really impressed with the space, I was expecting something uber cheesy based on my knowledge of the establishment.  The music was generic Top 40/Hip Hop, nothing to write home about or to get me particularly excited.  Overall though, it was a fun place.
4	Ok, so this is going to be contrary to several posts I've made-  I enjoyed PCL.  Yes, it's SUPER Scottsdale-y, but I'll be damned if I didn't have a great night.  I think it's because I went in expecting it to completely suck, and I came out pleasantly surprised that I was only kind of aggrivated.  Also, it's a great place to people watch- both for scantily clad young things, and for the unintentionally humorous.Drinks aren't horribly priced for this area of town... at least I'm assuming so, I don't really recall.  My wallet had more than I expected on Sunday, at least.In retrospect, I should've busted out the coral shirt.  Maybe next time, PCL, maybe next time.
2	Another club in Scottsdale that plays the trendy techno derivative drivel that somehow passes for music these days... the drinks are not cheap, but neither are they expensive... lots of eye candy for both guys and girls...
1	I hate to be a downer on all these night clubs so far but that whole section (axis, myst, crown room, PCL, Suede) is all crap. I can't imagine ever going here again.People are rude, snobby, fake, the guys all have some kind of entitlement issues, the chicks are getting wasted, loud and obnoxious, and this place especially houses a lot of creepy guys.  I've never gone there and not been sexually harassed in one way or another.  I've never once had a good time at PCL.  The only times I've gone is because I've been forced to.  Kicking and screaming most likely. One day I'll write a positive review on a few clubs I *do* enjoy but I've been feeling especially groggy today LOL
2	Let me preface and say that if I had written this review a few years ago, I would've given it 4 stars.This place changed ownership sometime ago, and went downhill, IMHO.  What it used to be was great.  What it is now....not so much.  It's really hit or miss at this place.  Sometimes you get a great crowd, sometimes you just look around and say WTF am I.  *Hint* Guys, come with ladies...attractive ones at that.  That will increase the speed you get in.  Also, if there are more guys than girls, you're going to have to wait.*Hint* Ladies, ditch the guys unless you out number them.  Dress to impress.
4	It's time for another episode of "Lifestyles of the Dirty and Infamous!" Today we'll visit the world-infamous Pussycat Lounge, home to some of Arizona's most enjoyable and accessible debauchery. This scintillating and shining star of Scottsdale nightlife burns so bright as to burn a hole in even the deepest pocket, and leave even the most jaded reveler somewhat blind-ed. Building on this air of exclusivity, the owners eschew the flash and glamour of other adjacent establishments, content to mark the sign of the gray building with only a spartan "PCL". But don't be discouraged by this or the seemingly dim interior. The "beautiful people" inside provide all the illumination you'll need. Moreover, there's no chance to be a wallflower here ...as all the seating is reserved, and the dance floor routinely fills to capacity. But you won't regret this for a moment, as you realize precious few eyes are act-ually watching you.Given all the licentiousness, one might think that the owners would feel no need to provide a quality experience. But as shocking as it may sound, PCL actually offers something beyond the efferverscent. The bubbly may not impress the most distinguished of tastes, but for the rest of us you won't feel as if the drinks are watered down. The choice of  music mix is hardly revolutionary, assuring that Ibiza will not be knocked from its perch any time soon, but far from a disappointment.PCL prides itself on an experience worthy for the A-List, complete with all the attendant pretentiousness and  risk of condescending service. But surprisingly, management remains fairly professional and cordial, even to the hoi polloi. Naturally, natty dressers and pretty faces help their own cause,  but so does arriving there before 10:30pm. Like many other venues, a lack of attitude is also a cardinal virtue. Given the circumstances, you might think that the cost of visiting this hotspot is all about the Benjamins. Yet it's beyond possible to have a spectacular time here for less than half that. But in the same breath, a table reservation will lighten your wallet significantly. Cover, for what its worth, is usually $10 for men, but nothing at all for the fairer sex. Drink prices hover around the same amount, ensuring you won't have to sell your very Dirty Ride anytime soon and encouraging you to come back again and again.I'm not Robin Leach, but until next time, here's to Breitling wishes and Louis Vuitton dreams.
3	So my new boss and friend invited me out here for an event. I missed the limo ride unfortunately boo, so no red carpet for me. He did a "Garden of Eden" photo shoot here and I basically just observed the whole process. It was so SIIIIK they even brought in a snake for some of the pics. It was the coolest thing ever. Bathing suits and hot chiks for a shoot nuff said!! So I guess there is no cover here?? That's cool since its a pretty small place and from what I heard it wasn't even as packed in as usual. Drinks are the normal Scottsdale price. There are 3 stalls for the bathroom and only 2 of them worked last night. Oh all the Princess' need to learn how to wash their hands.....gross! Cochinas!!I wouldn't mind doing VIP here again.
4	If I'm absolutely forced to go to a nightclub in Old Town for a birthday celebration or something similar, I'd much prefer that it took place at the PCL than just about any other place.  The bartenders kept pace with a packed house the night I went, the music was good, and actually the DJ had a bit of effort put forth in making sure that things changed up every so often.  The crowd is just as attractive and seemingly net-worth-more-than-me as any other club in the area.I won't lie, I often hate nightclubs... but I actually enjoyed myself here.  I won't need to be put at gunpoint to go back.
1	ok, i arrived at 11:15p on a Saturday night and the line was about 20 deep, mostly with dudes with the obligatory seven year old fad of untucked dress shirt, 3 front buttons open, and cuffs flared with some kind of TJMaxx jeans and pleather shoes.  But there was some ass in line that made me wish I could bag a 21 year old.  Since my posse was inside, I played the older dude knowing even older people inside da club and thus got waved by all the young twats & rots yearning to go into the PCL as if it was fockin' OZ.  Mind you, I was with a hot piece who was my friend so my review is not jaded by the "ah fuck it's 2:05a and I'm going home to beat my drunken ass off by myself AGAIN".+++'s:nice ass for us guys; big pecs for you ladies; stiff drinks from the bartenders who were mildly attentive; latest hip-pop mixes- - -'s:all those rice bag carrying meat heads that stand in the VIP area thinking that if they have an Ed Hardy tee and a fedora on and occasionally raising their non-needed in this Darwinian age big biceped arms in the air, that they will get some candy to come up and grind on their nub.  fortunately, and not surprisingly, a fight broke out and about a half dozen meatloafs ended up getting kicked out, but of course, spoiled the night for some of their bitches that yelled "stop, Tony, stop".  SERIOUSLY, unless you are in construction or pro sports, there is NO need to be that buff, aggressive, and quite frankly a space waster.- - - no dedicated dance floor, cramped and cornered "VIP" area, ho-hum atmosphere, same picture of hot chick flipping us the finger above the bar that has been there forever, and music way, way, way too loudIn sum, if you want a true Scottsdale club experience, like cock jocks, or 23 yr old hotties acting like 3 yr olds by dancing on the tables, this is your place.  This is basically where the $15,000 millionaires go vs. the $30,000 mil's at Six.  Or if you don't want to go to the other STD strewn clubs of Axis, Myst, et al...this might only get you genital warts.(by the way, this was my third time here in as many years).
4	I went here not expecting much, but I really had a good time. We had bottle service, so we did not have to wait in line and the host were very nice and attentive. For two bottles of Goose we did not pay that much. The only bad thing I have to say about PCL is the weird transitions of the music. The DJ went from Too $hort to Ashlee Simpson. Who does that? But overall I had a great time, and if I am ever in the Scootsdale area again I will definitely be making a stop here.
3	Came here and was barely impressed.  It stands alone on the block where it resides, just this random building.   It is less than a block away from the W where we were staying, which was the main reason we came here.It's pretty small; you can see the entirety of the club as soon as you walk in the door, which was kind of disappointing-I suppose I'm spoiled from the nightlife in Vegas, though.  We were told that it's the best place to go on a Sunday night, but it was pretty much dead all night long, which was also disappointing.  We got a table at a decent price- $200 for pretty much any bottle we wanted, and the VIP host at the door definitely wasn't shy about telling us loudly how we were getting "hooked up" over and over again, because it's usually supposed to be $300.  Alright dude, I appreciate it but please come back to me after you've chopped that ratty ass douche hair and then you'll have more clout to act cool.Our cocktail waitress was really attentive, attractive and bubbly.  Actually, my girlfriend and I had the most fun chatting and doing shots with her all night long!  The one drawback to getting bottle service in AZ is their law that requires them to lock the bottles on the table, and only the servers are allowed to pour your drinks.  But, they weren't exactly the strictest about that law when we were there.  Also, I was surprised to see that they do not automatically include a 20% gratuity, so make sure to take care of your servers properly, people!It's 'aight.  Go at least once to see, and I predict after that you'll have your PCL fill for life, like us.  OH- and the music left a lot to be desired.  I didn't have the urge to dance once all night.
2	This place was WAY WAY too crowded for me. I got claustrophobic being a whopping 5 feet tall and making my way chest to chest through the crowd and not being able to see over people on the way to the bar. After having SEVERAL drinks spilt on me by drunk people I had had enough. My friends and I tried to wedge ourselves in somewhere to get our groove on but it was pointless, no matter where we were standing, we were in a walkway of some sort. Super annoying. I would go here again if my friends are all going but I wouldn't ever suggest it.
1	Worst place to go in Scottsdale by a mile!!! I have had several bad experiences here. I'm sure at this point you are asking, why go back so many times? Well, I was usually forced for some bachlorette party or another. The first time I stopped in here with one of my girlfriends on a ladies night out I about killed the bouncer. This was about 2 years ago, when it was still legal to smoke indoors in Scottsdale. We were standing next to, NOT at NOT on just next to, one of the "VIP" table using the ashtray. The bouncer came by and asked us to move our handbags and to make sure we knew we were NOT ALLOWED to even think about sitting there. So we obliged and removed our bags but continued to use the ashtry as it was the only one around and I didn't want to ash on the floor inside the building. Apparently this was not good enough for the jerk off so he preceded to pick up the ashtray and dumped the entire thing onto my friends and my feet, then as if nothing happened set it back down and walked away. He is lucky that I wasn't drunk yet and didn't go off on him. Who does that? WTF!?!?! Anyway, the later experiences weren't as dramatic, but less than par none the less. With the abundance of creepy men, rude bartenders and staff, and lack of any respect for anyone other than the "VIP" guests. If you still choose to go to PCL you have a much higher tolerance for BS than I do.
4	The majority of people who come here look like they've all been on The Dirty. The girls here dress super slutty and have no shame and the guys are not afraid of embarrassing themselves to get your attention.They don't come here to hang out they come here to party like rock stars and it makes for great people watching. This place represents everything that's wrong with Scottsdale but I can't get enough of it.
4	I went to Pussy Cat Lounge for "Pinky Ring Wendsdays" a few months back, basically it's like, the electro night. It was actually pretty fun. I usually loath Scottsdale clubs and their horrendous douch bag DJs, but since this was electro night, it was actually fun. I was already drunk by the time we walked in, but none the less I do remember it having some awesome decor with 0 percent cheesiness. The people were pretty laid back as well. Overall, I would go back to Pussy Cat Lounge, it was actually okay. And I'm shocked to be saying this about a Scottsdale club lol.
4	We love coming to PCL because my man knows the promoters so we always get cheap vip and bottles, the staff is very friendly, and I really love that they consistenly play awesome dance music (there is never an awkward moment of "how in the hell are we supposed to dance to this?!"). I wish they had a patio and more places to sit, but all in all its a lot of fun coming here and when we go to Scottsdale we make sure to stop by and have a few drinks.
4	A couple of us came here Friday and had a good time. I liked the off-the beaten path location and the fact that there was no cover. They have 2-4-1 drinks 8-10pm, too. I thought the music was good and drinks weren't too expensive. The thing that almost ruined my time was constantly being bumped by people. It is hard to get into the groove when you are being shoved and pushed by people who think they have an entire dance floor to themselves. But isn't that every place, though?
1	Came here one night with the girls after a work event. Worst old town experience of my life! My issue isn't with the club, it's fine nothing great, but with the staff. I was dancing on the bar next to a randomly placed Iphone at one point. Some time later my friends and I are taken out of club to all be questioned on disappearance of before mentioned Iphone which I guess belonged to one of their bartenders. Several member of security said I did it and started asking me where it was??? One problem! I didn't have it! I didn't even have a purse or pockets. I was carrying a clutch and wearing a pretty skimpy dress. Well they said they had me on camera doing it and they were going to call the cops. Lets just say my night was ruined and I started crying and getting more mad. Finally some other girl confessed to giving it to someone because she almost stepped on it. What a disaster! Thanks PCL! Never again!
1	After being dragged here numerous times by a friend who, for some reason, loves PCL, I never changed my opinion about it: Stink.Stank.Stunk.Let's start with the whole "I've got claustrophobia" problem. I am not comfortable in small spaces. So, naturally, this ridiculousy tiny one-room "club" that lacks the normal required amount of space and oxygen was automatically uncomfortable for me. Add the fact that there is absolutely nowhere to sit unless you're "VIP" which, after people-watching for a few hours, obviously stands for Very Idiotic Patrons- and you have a horrid experience which is made worse by the snobby bartenders who ignore your pleading stares while they flirt with the other bartenders behind the bar that's brimming with increasingly hostile (and thirsty) customers.The women are young, dumb, slutty and drunk. This, in turn, attracts the men who are painfully obvious about their mission to get laid; from their relentless staring down of every chick who passes by, to their over-gelled hair that looks like it will catch fire if too close to an open flame, or their look-at-me loudness at the VIP tables while they pour drinks and frequently scan the crowd to see if their desire to be watched is being fulfilled- it is just a train wreck. The swing is available for drunken attention-whores to try to look sexy (but end up looking clumsy)  as they giggle maniacally with their fellow inebriated friends standing by. The lines to the bathrooms are long, and the floors of the bathroom are usually slippery from all the spilled drinks. Fun!PCL is a mess. Period.Harsh? Yes. True? Hell Yes. Ever Going Back? Hell to the Mother F'n No.
4	Sat night we went back and forth from Mist to Axis. On our way back to Mist we passed by PCL. I hadn't been there in forever. We had to check it out. We had fun dancing. It was the perfect end to our long night.
4	this was our last stop for the night. no cover, good music, good crowd. i've never seen so many hot boys in one spot. maybe it was just a good night? or maybe its like this every night? either way there were lots of good looking men and they seemed to outnumber the women. we never had a problem getting drinks at the bar. it is a really small space though. we definitely had a good time here last night. =)
3	I love being Designated Driver. If you bat ur eyes and smile real pretty, you get free soda...and cherries :D This was first and kind of last club stop on New Years Eve. No cover for women, money wise and literally. I mean girls...20 degrees outside...can u at least try to squeeze a small coat in that tiny ass dress. Ahem, anyways. If you want your drink done right (as a woman) order it from the delish brunette guy.  Drink of the night was rada's fav. Dirty shirley. Ciroc (berry) mixed in with an old time favorite shirley temple. I got the virgin version with lots of cherries. :/  But alas, all heros become a bore...and we left. One plus, the lady in the bathroom (that reminded me of "mother" from Memoirs of a Geisha) will take ur coat for 3 bucks...and perhaps help your drunk self wipe for 5.
4	I had a really nice time at PCL. My drinks were very good and the staff was awesome, very attentive, and polite:) The DJ was ok, nothing to write home about and the clientele were mediocre at most. Total sausage fest, and not in a good way. The bathrooms were CLEAN! That is why I added the 4th star. Overall, the management must be doing something right, because the place was packed and the staff was awesome. I will definitely go back.
4	A FUN stop for a nightcap.
3	I've been here for hip-hop nights and electronic nights. It is assholes to elbows on hh nights. Getting from one side to the bathroom can be a horrible challenge.Door is behind dj. So when you come in you are kinda right there in the business.Upgraded speakers as of last Wednesday.
4	I like PCL! Yes its small and crowded but the music is good...the drinks are good...and I like to dance! I think its a fun club and I recommend you atleast check it out. :)
4	If I was 25, much better looking, had rhythm, and was "on the prowl" this would be a fine choice. I like that it is so much smaller than the other dance clubs in the area. It can get really crowded after 10pm and getting a drink can be a real nightmare - so come here after you've already had a few too many.
4	So I had a table here for my 21st birthday, I must say I had a blast.. good crowd of people.. security was cool, kept our juice flowing. All went well!Music was good, definitely offered a nice variety of it
3	Cool place. Went for a friends birthday outing, and had a good time. Good bottle service prices, but place is small. Cool deal is the "voyeur" window. Watch the ladies get ready to party.  You gotta see it to understand it. Good time, pretty girls, good prices. A little of Vegas, just in Scottsdale.
4	Surprisingly I had a blast at this place last night! For a club it is a bit on the small side, but other than that it is pretty nice. It was a Monday night(watching a DJ spin) so it was not jam packed; i am sure the weekends can be a bit ridiculous in here. I am not sure what I think about the voyeuristic bedroom that overlooks the dancefloor...meaning from the dancefloor you can look up at a staged bedroom (looks like a VS fitting room), where a chic pretends to put on make-up, write in her diary, lay around in bed, etc. while wearing lingerie. It is definitely entertaining for sure! I wonder how much those ladies get paid to 'do what they do' up there!!??  Anyway, they also have body painted 'topless' cocktail waitresses, which I'm sure the men love. If you are a bit of a prude this is probably not the joint for you. I am sure this place pulls in lots of Scottsdale's finest douchebagery and fembots, but I cannot deny I had a pretty rad time there on an 'off' night! I danced till the lights came on (along with many others) and I haven't done that in a while! The service was great and the drinks were well poured...did I mention the bartender wasn't too shabby to look at either ;) Whether male or female, it is not too hard to find something tantalizing at the PCL!
4	For a small club/lounge, there sure is a whole lot of hookin-up, and getting-drunk going on in here!  Not gonna lie, I always end up having a great time here (from what I can remember) but it may not be for everyone. Crowd is a bit younger, but worth checkin out if your in the area.
2	I'm going to keep this simple....Quality of trim in here.... Between 4 and 5 starsDouchebaggery..... 5 starsFunness...... 1 starI would never come here on my own, but was obligated to for a birthday.  Go to other establishments!
5	For as long as this place has been around, it sure keeps a good crowd. DJ's always play a good mix of hip hop and house. Towards the end of the night its a little old school. Always a fun time. Bartenders are always friendly and the door staff is very accomodating. Definitely a go to spot on a Friday or Saturday. Guaranteed a good time!
4	Packed. This place is always packed. The drinks are good, and so is the service. The music is what youd expect of a club. Love the sexy girl tableau feature above the "stage".I had part of my bachelorette party here and it was awesome. I never have a bad time here.
3	This place, I find, is hit or miss. The door guys, for once, aren't such douche bags so yay for that. The bartenders are all right and the music is all right as well. Table service was okay as well. There just wasn't anything super awesome to rave about or rant about. If you're wanting a place to go dance and has no cover and not much of a line wait, this is the place.
3	I've only been to PCL with promoters though they've all graduated and left Arizona by now. This was great because I used to be easily annoyed and definitely wouldn't  bother waiting on lines or paying for drinks. Of course, I probably shouldn't be posting this but another positive was the lack of id check. Now that I'm twenty one, I can thankfully go out wherever I want but I'd return here time and time again for those reasons. Though I don't expect drinks from guys now that I've spent so much time in Australia I do expect lines. America's so much more populated than half the countries I've been to recently. I swear, I always feel like I'm on a cue. Apologies for my digression here.. When I've been to PCL it's always an interesting scene. You can find young college kids who have all piled into big orange buses and made their way over from Tempe OR the 35+ single creepy guy who wants a piece of some ASU chick. There are pros and cons, obviously. You can count on the DJ being good which adds to the all around great atmosphere. If you don't know, I love hip-hop and they've usually got a perfect mix between this and house. My favorite thing about this place are the  ceiling screens that usually have picture of hot almost naked chicks ;) It's also awesome to go out to PCL and find pictures of yourself up on their site after a messy weekend. Check their website out for specific deets in regards to special dates  and DJ's coming into town.
4	I've been here a couple of times when I was in college, and once or twice since I've graduated. A memorable time while in college was my friends 21st bday on a Thursday night I came here on a party bus with some people (including some guy from the Real World) and they had a fountain of champagne with strawberries. All you can drink is definitely a bad idea for me because I felt the wrath and had to call into work the next day. But it was a whole lot of fun! Recently I came here with my bf and some friends and I must say I had a great time. I was happy to have a little more than annoying house music all night. They played a wide variety of music that was fun to dance to. I also loved the pussycat dancer that dances above the DJ, it's pretty cool when the two way mirror reveals a bed and sexy burlesque dancer! The bartenders are pretty cool and I didn't have to wait very long to get service. I think PCL is a decent bar based on my experiences.
1	PCL no longer exists.   The club name has changed to EpiQ
3	Good time...but dancin with guys .... not my style! Oh, and my wife says I'm too old for that, so it's a welcome reminder :)In all seriousness, it's a lot of fun, but there are more modern, trendy choices in Old town. El Hefe, Shotgun Betty's and Wild Knight are just a walk away.
