5	Because I have kids, I have visited many of yogurt places and have found this to be one of the best. What most of these places don't realize is that the taste is the most important aspect. Kiwi Loco is one of the top two tasting yogurt places in the East Valley. They do have some unique flavors, but there is no strange aftertaste and is doesn't taste like there is "no sugar added." It is just plain tasty.Secondly, it has a great atmosphere. There is a lot of seating and it is roomy. They offer smaller cups, which means I don't have to regulate how much my kids put into their cups. They also offer cones, for those so inclined. They have base toppings before the yogurt machines, so you can add a foundation of Oreos or graham crackers without jumping back and forth between the toppings station and the machines. They also offer bottled drinks if you need one. My only complaint would be that it gets a little clogged at the toppings station when things get busy, but that is to be expected. Finally is the staff. This is where Kiwi Loco really sets itself apart. They have one of the most attentive and friendly staffs that I have ever met. They "sell" you on certain flavors, give you suggestions, ask how it tastes, and offer to throw away your trash. Most other yogurt places only have one worker at a time, but Kiwi Loco almost always has two, one working the registers and one working the dining area. The owners are often there as well "working the crowd."What seals the deal for me is that this is right around the corner from my house. However, I would even drive a few miles to go out of my way to visit Kiwi Loco, it is that good. I highly recommend this yogurt place, it is one of the best in the Valley.
4	We went here for the first time tonight.  We frequent two other fro-yo places that are in the area, but this one is closer to our home and new, so we decided to check it out.Upon walking in, it was very clean and bright.  Lots of open space and plenty of seating.  Right away I was happy to see that they offer a very small kids cup.  This is great for me because it is easier to keep my kids portions smaller this way.  Yay!  The topping selection was smaller than a nearby place, but there was quite a bit of variety. Since Easter was this past weekend, there were several Easter candy varieties to choose from.  There was quite a backup to get to the toppings and to the registers, as there was only one girl working the register.  There are 2 registers available, and it might make better sense to have both running.  There was a sign on the front door listing all the promotions that they offer during the week.  20% off one day, BOGO another, etc.  I was happy to see this, as their regular pricing at 42 cents/oz is a bit higher than other nearby places.  Normally for my family of 5 we'd drop about $20 for a fro-yo outing.  But the smaller kids cups, combined with the Tuesday promotion of BOGO, we spent a whopping $7.  Yeah.  Mommy Likes that!We'll go back.  Especially on a promo night to save a few bucks.
4	Cheesecake, White Chocolate Mousse, and Cherry Amaretto were divine. I think the price is very reasonable at $0.47 per ounce. First visit but we will be back next time we are in the valley to shop.
4	A nice little Froyo place down here in southern Chandler. Very clean. Good flavors. Fresh toppings - they even have boba.I rate this on par with my old place, Kokomo.
5	Been here twice in the past 2 weeks! Great flavors and good variety of toppings.  The young adults working here are all super friendly and keep the place spotless!! Will go back often!!!!
5	Amazing place!! Great yogurt and great staff, would come back every day if my cholesterol levels and waistline would allow it.
4	One of my favorite places to go on the weekend. (I wish they were open on Sundays) The place it's pretty clean and the staff is very friendly. I like that they add flavors every month almost. You can also try the toppings! yumyum
3	I have previously given a rave review of Kiwi Loco.  We've come here several times during the week for their promotions, as listed on the website and on the front window of the shop. But  after nearly 3 months of regular visits, I'm redoing my Yelp Review.Today, I took my kids in for the 1-3pm Mom and Tot special, where the 5oz kid cups are just $1.  First, the kids cups are not out, you have to ask for them.Second, we got our 5 cups to the register and the young man behind the counter said my total was over $16.  So I said, "aren't the kid cups $1?"  He looked confused, then said "oh yeah".  He gave me my new total of $8.29.  Which still seemed high, but I thought maybe the children were $1 and mine was regular price.  So we sit down and I look closer at my receipt.  No, he put in a different discount and I was over charged.  So I took my receipt back up to him and explained that I was still overcharged.  A young girl came to the register to see what was going on.  The young man told her that I was asking for a discount that was only from 11a-1pm.  She and I both let him know that no, the promo was 1-3, as stated on the window.  She apologized for the error, and said that they couldn't redo my transaction, she'd give me a $5 giftcard for my next purchase.  (it's a digital giftcard on my loyalty acct, so I'm not even sure it will even appear since I have no physical proof of the giftcard).  I thanked her since the $5 was more than the wrongly charged amount, then rejoined my children at the table.A few minutes later, the girl came to my table and said that "in the future, you have to ask at the register for the promo, and had you done that, you wouldn't have been overcharged."Hold the phone.I've only ever come to the shop when they do the promos.  I've never had to ask for it.  If they are doing 20% off on Mondays, or BOGO on Tuesdays or whatever, it just is, and we've never had to ask, they just do it.  So now, I have to remind them of their store promotion?  This isn't a coupon you hand over, it's a store wide promotion.  And she was saying it was my fault I was overcharged?  No.  I did tell the young man at the register when he gave me the incorrect total.  It was him who gave me the wrong discount, it was also him who tried to blame me for asking for an expired promotion, when the truth of the matter is that he doesn't know his job properly.  It's printed on the front door for heaven's sake! ****update.  the owner returned me call and I explained all of this to him.  He did seem genuinely interested in the problem and apologized, said that he was very sorry for the issue and assured me that he would speak with his staff.  He said this particular promotion was one they were hoping to grow, so he was glad that I took the time to call and speak with him.  I was pleased with his prompt attention to my customer service call and I will give Kiwi Loco and their promos another shot***
2	Let me begin by saying the staff at Kiwi Loco could not be better. Every time I go in, they greet me and are very pleasant. The place is always clean.  However, I go for one reason only, to have tart yogurt.  The last 3 out of 5 times I have gone they have not had it.  They have watermelon and many other adventurous flavors but if you like the standard flavor of tart, you will be out of luck  more often than not. I have suggested they keep it in their rotation on their facebook page but no luck. I usually just go to the yogurt place up the street that is not as clean or friendly but always has tart, and a better selection of toppings.  Closed on Sunday is also a bummer, my family likes to go after church.
4	Very tasty!
5	Kiwi Loco is my new favorite froyo place around.  The employees are always super friendly, the place is spotless... great options for fresh toppings.  i wish there was a little more variety in the froyo flavors but they are all so tasty i really don't mind.  White chocolate & blueberry are my favorites.  They also have a topping station in the front with graham cracker,  sugar cone, etc... so you can add a base before you pour your froyo.  Genius.Two for one on Tuesday... amazzzing.
5	Great froyo spot! Love the boba ball toppings. Great variety to choose from. Definetly recommend this place.
5	This place is awesome! I love going here with my sisters and having a great time! The workers are awesome (Shout out to Ben!) and always helpful. All I can say is.. Bring back the Strawberry Kiwi Sorbet! So delicious!
5	Our go to place since Aspen Leaf closed. Salted Caramel Corn is my favorite flavor. The staff is always friendly. Great $3 all-you-can-fill cups for their 1 year anniversary today. We also enjoy two-for Tuesdays.
5	Best Yogurt place in South Chandler.  Lots of toppings and really good quality!
5	Kiwi Loco is currently my favorite yogurt shop.  It is clean, the staff is very friendly and it is close to home for those quick trips.  They have tons of toppings and I am a bit of a sprinkle snob (yes, there are some sprinkles that are just wrong) and they have the kind I like which for me, makes or breaks my yogurt experience.  They always have good and interesting flavors and often offer some sort of special.  Very yummy!
5	Love this place! Always a variety that changes often.
1	Yogurt is fine but the staff are not consistent with purchase of products.  3 months of going there & staff know they offer a 25% discount when you purchase the extra large cup. However, other evening went in got my extra large cup, filled it up & the owners son told me they have never offered 25% off!! He was very rude.  I was not there to argue - so I just walked out. So frustrating cause the little store is so close to home. Just wish they'd get there act together:(
