4	This place made me laugh the first time I ever saw it. How many backstreet takeaway noodle bars have you ever stumbled across with Ipads to use whilst you wait for your food?The food itself was good, although nowhere near as good as the Red Box Noodle Bar just around the corner. In fact, on the basis of the food alone I'd give this place 3 stars, and it's also pricier than Red Box.What this place has over all the other noodle places I've ever bought from is the banter, namely in the form of the rules surroundig the use of the Ipads. You're allowed to use them for 20 minutes free of charge, but not a minute longer. And even then that's only if you know how to use one... it's clearly stated that you're not allowed to ask the staff any questions because "they are very busy cooking your food". If recent stories surrounding Ipads are to be believed, that's the vast majority of the population ruled out then...!Quirks aside, this is an ok little place to grab lunch on the go. It's also right across the street from a very well-stocked chinese supermarket if you get inspired to make it yourself next time.
4	A business idea equal parts genius, and equal parts blind folly, Wawa's trick of allowing Joe Public access to the latest piece of must-have technology is certainly interesting. A fashionable gadget that people all sort of think they might want, but is still both a bit out of your Average Joe's price range, and a bit useless, will bring the punters through the door alright, but is such a gimmick enough to base a business on?Probably not, as much like Apple's phone, the gleaming shiny piece of kit will become commonplace and unremarkable within a year or so, and perhaps most importantly of all, every single one of them will eventually get nicked.I think we're paying an iPad tax in here, as the prices are a bit high for what you get. As a lover of additive laden fake Chines food however, that's not a big negative in my book.
3	What do you want from a noodle bar? A cheap, relaxing place to sit and enjoy your noodles while maybe chatting to a few friends? Pfft how 2009. What the cool kids want is to browse ipads while silently standing, slurping down their noodles by themselves.WaWa noodle bar is a new noodle joint that accommodates about eight people in total. The atmosphere is neutral. There aren't any seats either. Instead expect to eat your meal whilst browsing one of eight ipads. That's right, in this noodle bar, you pay not only for a bowl of noodles, but exclusive use of the the new ipad. You basically pay for the noodles and get 30 minutes ipad use included. After that you pay for extra a ipad use.I really don't understand. Maybe it's because, unlike some, I don't think the ipad will lead us to the promised land and I don't really see why I would especially come to a restaurant offering this service. It just seems gimmicky. In an interview with the Scotsman the owners said: "You find that younger people nowadays don't just want to eat a meal, they want to do something else too." I find that incredibly depressing. Have our attention spans decayed that much? We can't even enjoy the simple pleasures of a bowl of noodles with some friends? I have to give this place three stars because the staff were really friendly and the noodles were actually quite nice. I also think that despite my own reservations some people will, for some reason, think this is the best idea since penicillin.
5	After Such a long time the Muslim community has a halal Chinese takeaway, ive been looking forward to it for a long time, after trying it about once a week since it opened i have to admit the food is brilliant with decent portion size, other reviewers have stick about the iPads ad they will go out of date, i think that doesn't matter as the food is so good, hardly noticed any1 using the ipads much anyway best service aswell defiantly recommend
