5	This bakery rocks! Far and away the best in Edinburgh. Great coffee and cakes, good soups and sandwiches, but the reason to come here is the bread. Pumpkin bread, auvergne, seeded loaves, baps, rustic loaves, rye breads, and their shockingly evil chocolate bread (only available on Saturdays, I believe). I would go so far as to put this little bakery in the unassuming Easter Road neighbourhood on the tourist route. Not to be missed.
5	I'm not a huge fan of pastries or dessert but I went to Manna House daily while in Edinburgh.  This is my cousin's favorite haunts understandably.  The pastries are perfect. I had a chocolate muffin that was chocolaty but not sugary.I also had a rosemary and chocolate mousse cake. Sounds weird but it was divine. I *still* think about it. The coffee is delicious and the staff is pretty nice.
4	For all cake, pastry and bakery-fresh bread worshipers, this is indeed heaven-sent. Manna by name and manna by nature, The Manna House offers a haven on the somewhat patchy Easter Road for all those seeking breakfast, brunch or lunch and anytime-is-cake-time types.A relatively small cafe, with a few seats outside, there are two counters overflowing with some eye-catching and mouth-watering cakes, stacks of fresh bread behind the counter, and an open-plan kitchen so you can see the next batch of sweet treats being whipped right up.There's a fairly extensive menu on offer for a small cafe: the usual soups, sandwiches, paninis, coffees and teas. But if you're going to take a trip to the Manna House, save room for a cake. From a reliable fruity scone to some continental treats, the Manna House delivers.I went there for breakfast so opted for tea, fruit scone and fresh orange juice. Service, seating, cost all great. Sadly I've yet to experience some of the true cakey goodness, but it's definitely top of my list. And I can tell froma  glance that the Manna House is a million miles (well probably only two streets in reality) away from a Greggs. The cakes are colourful, hand-made, exotic, alluring more akin to a French pattiserie.My only gripe is that it always seems to be shut on a Sunday - prime brunch and afternoon tea time. They must do good business regardless, but when you live close by Easter Road doesn't have much to offer. It's a little oasis, but I suppose even heaven isn't open 24/7?!
5	So I've been here, drunk the tea, and had a scone. I was hugely impressed by the selection of cakes but couldn't comment by experience.Having revisited the Manna House for a leisurely late breakfast of fresh coffee and even fresher baked apple strudel, I really did have my own little slice of heaven.There are so many cakes to choose from (see my uploaded photos), and they are REAL cakes. Whilst I love my British home bakes, these are all continental pastries and delightful french cakes with colourful gellatin icing, fruit tarts, chocolate twists, croissants, mousse cakes, cheesecakes...the works. I almost cried when I saw the chocolate gateaux, but reason told me apple strudle would be better for breakfast...The staff were also really, super friendly, sweet and lovely. Having had a few grumpy staff in other establishments recently, that rather spoiled my afternoon coffee&cake time, it made such a difference to receive service with a smile.I also love the fact you can see into the kitchen and bakery, where they bake up all the cakes and fresh bread each day. This is the diamond in the rough on Easter Road, and definitely worth the pilgrimage - you shall be rewarded most sweetly!
1	OK this place stinks. It just keeps getting worse. I cant take it anymore! The coffee is about as bad as it gets. Take a course or something please. The customer service is even worse. The woman who served me couldnt have made less of an effort.  I love going to cafes and Im pretty easy going, but when you screw everything up; coffee, food orders and compound it by being bitchy and nasty, that is one step to far. Unprofessional and incompetent. Not how anyone wants to start their day I would think. Wont be bothering with this place again.
3	Been dying to visit the Manna House for ages and to be honest, this review waivers between a 3 and a 4. I had a vastly indifferent stuffed flatbread whilst sitting in, but took a couple of cakes home for me and the boy. THe raspberry and chocolate mousse was too sweet without much depth of flavour (raspberry mousse, very light, drowned out by heavier chocolate mousse) but the fruit tart for the boy looks fab. But, where the review starts inching up to a four, is in the loaf of bread I picked up - olive and coriander. Dude, I tell ya, that is a taste sensation. Light lemon notes with the salty olive base... oh yes, this is something new and therefore exciting for me. Went lovely with some smoked salmon and grubh dhu. So, Manna House, if you asked me if I liked your baked goods, I'd give a 'meh' response but in terms of your bread 'hurray'!
3	I love cake.Therefore this place would be like a little parisian paradise for me. But I must admit I was a little disappointed. Granted I did go at 5 o'clock so I wasn't expecting there to still be a very wide selection. Despite this I managed to find something that I liked the sound of. The service was brilliant, very friendly and made me smile. However the coffee buttercream cup I had chosen did not make me smile that much. Main problem - it did not have anywhere near enough coffee in it, the overwhelming flavour was chocolate, and it still didn't taste of much. I am going to reserve judgement for another visit cause I really do want to like this place....... I really do love cake.
4	Ah, the aroma of The Manna House. Is there a single more exquisite pleasure offered on Easter Road?Overall, we said: "The Manna House is a lovely place for lunch. I imagine you could really impress a dedicated sweet-tooth by taking them there, and allowing them to run-riot for an hour of two. Their soupy soup is top quality, as well, so I'll be back to sample from their range of baked goods again, soon. I suggest you do the same."
5	This kind of business is so good and friendly, when there is the owner and the manager at the counter is the top service who you can find!! The bread is really homemade with carefully homemade way, All sandwices and salad display are so fresh. The cakes display is fresh and good too!!! Good job guys... !!! Giuseppe...
5	Best bakery in Edinburgh. Enough said!
4	Now long established and bringing some appropriate class to Easter Road, the Manna House is one of my frequent go to places.  Everyone knows they do superb cakes and their bread is some of the best available (I have a soft spot for their rolls and bagels).  In fact it's their amazing filled rolls and salads that takes me back most frequently.  The porchetta foccacia is astounding, the ham and cheese roll superb, the Greek salad roll great.  So it goes on.  All with good (not great) coffee, makes it a favourite lunchtime destination.
4	If you haven't been to this place treat yourself to something truly beautiful and visit The Manna House. Breakfast, bread, lunch, soup, Pago juice, cakes!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The list is long. Always full of people so not easy to get a table and they have 4-5 tables only. It is a must step in and eat for me every time when I am on my way to Calton Road. I hope there are more little gems like this one hidden in Edinburgh. Yay!
3	Though I'm not really a big fan of posh bakery places I must admit I like this one. Tiny, crafted and well tasty bread.Bit too expensive for my taste. Crowded too. Coffee is good though! Oh..and it's on the not so sunny side of the street.
4	They run out quickly...Well worth a walk across town...Try the chocolate bread...
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Manna House yet. I have been there quite a few times, so it's time to rectify this oversight!Manna House is located on Easter Road and I remember when it opened up in 2005. Back then they only had a few breads to start with and 'less of everything'. The cafe has since evolved and they now serve breakfasts and lunches as well. There is only problem - they are not the most spacious of places, so often there is a queue to the door as locals pick up breads and cakes and coffees. I usually make a pit stop here on my way to TK Maxx and often have the porchetta sandwich which is served on 'donker brot' roll. They sell this variety as a bread, but I think it works better as a roll. They don't sell these rolls here, but I enquired about it and they advised to place an order the previous day and they would happily set aside some rolls to buy.Manna House has an amazing selection of cakes and patisserie. It's maybe not the most cheapest of places, but as an occasional treat this place works like magic.
5	The Manna House easily is the best bakery for fresh bread in all of Edinburgh. They have a great selection of regular crusty bread, onion bread, wheaty bread, and even dark chocolate bread! I love stopping here to buy good bread to go with my home-cooked dinners. They also have nice-looking cakes, salads and sandwiches, but their seating is extremely limited.Although their Easter Road location isn't terribly convenient for me, many restaurants in Edinburgh like Hemma buy bread from them, and other places like Cranacan and Crowdie on Cannongate buy in their loaves and sell them so locals can source their Manna House bread there.
