4	I watched this show back when it was at the Stardust Hotel back in 2004 and I had a great time watching it.  I can't really imagine it being any different now, since most magicians tend to rehash their tricks in their shows, but even for $25, it's a very good afternoon show bargain.  In comparison to other magic shows I've seen (Nathon Burton and David Copperfield), I thought Rick Thomas was probably the most genuine in that he didn't sound fake when connecting to the audience.  You can't go wrong with this show.
2	I was expecting a little more tiger, but the tiger was onstage for about 2 minutes in total. But the animals were cute when they were on stage. I didn't really like this show. The tricks were all over done by other magicians. I guess I was expecting something more original or at least something new. If you have seen any magic shows on TV, then you pretty much seen the tricks that Rick Thomas does. So I didn't think it was worth it. I have to admit he did a really great job connecting and interacting with the audience. He got a little boy and a little girl on stage with him. He also got a married couple to do a trick for him. Overall: It was an okay experience. But if you had a choice of magic shows, I wouldn't recommend this one.
1	Okay. By 1 star, I actually mean 5 stars...If you are legally blind. If you want the sound effects of "Imagination...*echo*nation....*echo* nation.............."and the strange PBS special pre-show...It might work for you.Also, the corniness of it, outlives itself.Honestly, My friend and I began to look at Rick as a guardian angel after staying at the sahara for 4 days (you would too, okay!?). He's everywhere in there. They really got us with their advertising. On our last night we decided we had to go see his creepy face in real life. This poor man revels in himself for about an hour and a half. The audience seemed to enjoy it and so did the children....however, the entertainment for us was watching and then debunking his tricks.After all "Dreams become active, which in turn, become dreams..." It was philosophy 101...Rick said he made his dream come true. I still can't bare to actually look at the picture we took with him without the VIP tickets, because it's a little eerie. Those pants were too tight hunny!
4	We saw this show at The Trop for free, because my husband's step-dad worked there for many years.That said, this was a good family-friendly show using tigers (such beautiful animals). Yeah, sometimes the cheesy lines were a bit much, but the illusions offset that. It was entertaining and he did incorporate some kids from the audience into his show, which was nice.
2	Courtney's review is pretty much spot on. I can't think of a better way to describe the show other than Rick Thomas revels in himself. Between his magic tricks, he talks about how he followed his dreams and shows weird, outdated video segments about his life. Like the video of him doing the cha cha with his sister when he was 14 while the words "You go boy!" fly across the screen. ?? I came for magic and tigers, Rick. Not to see your weird home vids. Rick also repeats some crazy nonsense about dreams throughout the show. And I don't mean cutesy, Disney, 'follow your dreams' stuff. More like weird philosophical theories that make you say, "wtf is he talking about?" Also, the show tended to bob between the magic of childhood and him dry humping his sexy assistants on stage. All in all, it was pretty ridiculous and made my jaw drop several times. But I still had a great time with friends because we laughed about it long after the show ended.
2	Someone should change the location of this since the show has moved over to Planet Hollywood at the SAXE theatre located inside the Miracle Mile shopping mall... We decided to see the show since the price was right! $25 (on travelzoo deals). Not bad for a Vegas show... you can hardly find anything under $85, but now I know why it was so cheap.... it wasn't a bad show, but yes, a bit cheesey and Rick Thomas was very full of himself..."I made my dreams come true, I did this, I did that..." YES dude! we know! you have your own show in Vegas!!! on a brighter note, the magic as pretty amazing I have to say... he worked in 2 beautiful tigers and birds into his act so it made it a bit more interesting... wasn't too hot on the 'dancing' in between acts (they should have just played techno music instead) but i guess they needed something to fill in the time.... would i recommend this show to visitors? yeah, i guess... for $25.... you get about a dozen pretty good magic tricks, half a dozen cheesey dance routines and you get to check out some beautiful tigers...
4	I thought the magic was great and Rick is obviously an amazing magician.I took one star off as I felt the dancers were "walking through the matinee". If you wanna be in showbiz you give 100% even if it's a small crowd.  I also felt that the tigers were not on stage enough for a show billed as "Magic and Tigers".  My two young sons enjoyed the show but rightfully pointed out that the tigers were hardly in the show.  I think it may even had said Lions too, but there are no lions. Get your tix from the TIX4 Tonight booth if you are only going to matinees.  Also, give yourself plenty of time to find the theater as it is a bit hard to find.  Also, I don't know if it is Vegas but I resent being told when to clap all the time.  i.e. give it up for such and such.  Just let me decide when to clap.  Rick had a good sense of humour and I would recommend this show for young kids if you are on a budget.
5	Great magic! Very entertaining.  Very funny!  From old school magic to jaw dropping magic routines.  The girls assistant/dancer are hot too!The Vip was well worth it, we were seating at the front and get to take pictures and autograph with Rick!  Every time I tried to catch his magic, i just end up with amazement and jaw drop! Its really good!
1	Terrible waste of money.  He was extremely cheesy, breathing very hard trying to catch his breathe all the time and we can actually see the tricks so that it wasn't magic at all. There's only 1 trick with a tiger.  He was also really rough on the children volunteers, it looked like he could possibly break their necks.  Lesson learned, there's a very good reason why the show is very cheap.
5	ahahahah man This show as funny as fuck!it was fun for what you pay for it was worth it you get to see your white tigers, this dude does some old school tricks that are fun to watch! and pretty girls on stage, get yourself 5 shots of tequila and buy a ticket and expect a good time! your not paying 100 bucks for this so don't expect sigried and roy but for 25 bucks it's worth the show ....enjoy
5	Although the audience was filled with kids and we went as a couple, we still had a fun time. Rick Thomas conducts a magic show that is impressive for all ages. Attractive dancers, amazing illusions, motorcycles and even tigers. I was impressed. Half the time my boyfriend and I turned to each other and thought "HOW???" We haven't seen Copperfield or Blane to compare, aside from YouTube videos or TV performances, but the stunts Rick Thomas does are worth seeing. You won't be disappointed with the quality. Also, the room is not super crowded.This is really perfect for families as Rick caters to that audience inviting child participants for some tricks. He encourages the kids to follow their dreams, exposes family-oriented values, claims his appreciation for his mother, and talks about his support for saving Bengal Tigers. He has quite a few. There's nothing adult-only about this show, but you can enjoy the good looking women in the skimpy costumes. The male dancers are probably good looking too, but wear too much clothing to tell.We saw this show for free but it would have been worth spending money on.Tip: Get the VIP seats so you're in a booth instead of a table far in the back or on the sides.  Or wait, and see if you can move to VIP seats (probably works better for very small parties than larger ones).
