5	Opening day free food! Thank you. Cheese quesadilla was excellent. Daughter enjoyed the french fries. Tried the red salsa and the brown salsa. The brown was pretty good and the red was excellent. Chips were okay, but I tend to like a thinner chip. Restaurant was bright and clean, service was fast and cheerful and the overall quality of food was great. I will go back.
5	Great Mexican foods with many different seasonings and large portions.
4	This particular location has changed owners about 4 times in the past year. They recently opened Tacos La mexicana and I really liked it. The portions and prices are pretty good. I tried the burrito with the flan and it was delicious. to give you a better idea of this place is like going to Robertos, but a bit more scale (not too much, just a bit)Tip: do not miss their lunch special, 2 tacos, rice & bean + soda for 6 bucks!!Apparently they are well know for the huaraches! Gotta try them next time!
3	Went here again, and the food was still good in respect to taste, portion, and seasoning. Ordered a supreme burrito.What changed that I disliked was that the sauces and jalepenos weren't readily available on that one middle table against the wall, and when I asked for jalepenos, they took it out of the freezer in the back of the kitchen and handed it to me directly.The big deal about the jalepenos is that they are less spicy this way. In fact, boiling them makes them spicier. This might not be as big to other people, but when I order spicy food, especially if it's Mexican food, I expect a lot of spiciness.
4	Tacos de carne asada were very good, carnitas was very good as well but the al pastor was lacking in flavor. I liked the orange'ish salsa they had to go on the tacos and my son liked the rice as well.One of my complaints with this type of place is always having the TV blasting Mexican soap operas while I'm trying to eat. Give it a rest.
5	Awesome, new 2nd location of my favorite taco shop in Las Vegas.Not much more to say than I've said in my 5-star review of their original location - I refer to this place again and again as my benchmark for street tacos and nachos.Service is professional and friendly, and their fresh-made salsas are spectacular.If you've got your favorite LA taco spot, you will be more than happy with this one.Keep it up guys!
4	I've been a fan of the original Tacos La Mexicana on Decatur and Twain for some time. So, I'm thrilled that they brought all that taco goodness closer to my neck of the woods with their second location near Durango and Spring Mountain. The carnitas tacos are just as good as the ones at the original spot. The quality and flavor of the asada are better than almost any taco shop on the west side of town and the al pastor wasn't bad either. Tacos are pretty cheap at $1.39 each. The chicken tamale ($1.75) was pretty good, but the carnitas is what you should load up on.
4	Don't let the 4 versus 5 stars fool you, the food here is delicious, and everyone is warm and friendly, even to a very pale American girl who never had real Mexican food until she moved to Las VegasI judge Mexican food by the Carnitas, something I had for the first time about 4 years ago.  The carnitas here is delicious, but occasionally a bit too greasy.The carne asada has good flavor, also, and I enjoyed the pork tamale, huarache, and the rolled tacos.  The green salsa is absolutely too die for delicious.I stop in once a week or more, and get treated like a welcome friend every time, and that keeps me coming back even more.  If you haven't tried it yet, stop in for lunch and try one of the lunch specials. You can even go through the drive-thru and take it with you!
5	Looking for a reasonably priced, fast and exceptional Mexican spot? This place is it! Roberto's has nothing on this place. Cleanliness and appearance alone beats them. Friendly workers and it also has a drive thru for the lazy pajama cravings;) Definitely my new spot for super burritos!
1	I ordered a carne asada burrito and it was garbage! The carne asada tasted bad, thin and hard, just bad quality. Roberto's is not that great but it's better than this place
5	Really good and the only complaint was my carne asada buritto was full of rice and beans yuck!!!! i couldnt taste the meat over these flavors it tasted like what i call a white burrito lol i know next time but theyre food is great all in all from the other things i have ordered try it out theyre great
4	Pretty tasty chicken nachos!  Beats Roberto's by a landslide.  Glad I found this quick lil yummy Mexican place nearby.  Thanks fellow yelpers!
3	I needed a street taco fix so we drove cross town to and decided to share a 4-taco platter that included beans and Spanish rice.  My wife chose 2 with al pastor while I settled on a pastor and a chorizo.  All were authentic (that's good), but the chorizo made my taste buds do the Shimmy, Shimmy Shake.
2	We always see this lil restaurant when we pay a visit over to CJ's next door but I only remember it from the days of the original owners of BeeGees :(Anyway, we were craving some Mexican food so we decided to give them a try. When we walked in, there weren't very many customers so we were kind of weary at this point about continuing with our little adventure, but we proceeded on and ordered our food.I ordered a plate that had 1 tamale and 1 chile relleno w/ beans and rice. I'm not asking to blow me out of the water, but the flavor on my entire plate was non-existent :(Honestly, I'm no health inspector but I am pretty sure that the hot sauce containers have to completely be in ice, not just the bottom portion of it... AND there has to be the usual sneeze guards or at least covers not just random containers on a table in front of the bathroom?Staff was uber nice but-- I'm sorry, not returning.
4	Had the Carne Tacos. It was pretty good. Their beef had some seasoning to it so it wasn't bland.  The service was nice and there's a self serve salsa table, which I love.
2	If you want best bang for you money and good Mexican foods, go somewhere else. First time ordering carne asada fries here and was very disappointed. They gave me half of what other shops are giving in their orders and charged the same price as other places around town. Wouldn't come back here again
2	I ordered the rolled tacos combination with beef, they were just ok.  The beans were really runny and did not have much flavor and the rice was pretty standard.  I will try again to see if this was just an off day.  The service was great though!
4	I really like this place! I like it better than  Roberto's Got 4 astada Tacos, beans and lettuce with tomatoes.  I think they just threw the lettuce and tomatoes on my plate, because I was suppose to get rice (I love rice, any kind of rice)  She told me as soon as the rice is ready she will bring it to me.  I love the condiment table, ohhhhh the pickled jalapenos.  I really liked the tacos!  the beans.......Well they could have kept that.  The lettuce and tomatoes, not sure how all that was suppose to be tied in with the rest of the meal, but what ever.....My rice never came.  So I decided when I get off work, I will come back here so I can bring a plate home to my husband.  So  I just told the cashier, that I will pick up my rice when I get off work.  I go back after work.  They already knew what the deal is!  That's pretty good service.  I ordered the same thing for my husband that I go for myself for lunch.  Tthey also gave me a free soda for my troubles.   So when I got home, and opened his plate!  WTF, I didn't get chips!  And he didn't get lettuce and tomatoes!  The chips were so good!  And the rice was the BOMB.COM!  They gave me a pint  and I ate the whole thing!  Next time, they can keep the beans, give me chips and rice!
5	Wow. How lucky it is that I've found this place. I hate to cook so I always eat out, and by always, I mean two meals a day. I've been going around different restaurants for months that fit my budget and I would pay around $10 ~ $15 for a decent meal at a decent restaurant. Then I came here. I ordered a lunch special for $6.43. I expected a paltry amount but no, I was quite full and the food was delicious! And the food wasn't watered-down Americanized food; it was genuine Mexican food. Since then, I've been coming here EVERYDAY (literally). I don't know how they are able run their business, serving such high quality food while charging so little. I almost fear that they might go out of business. I feel obligated to leave this five-star review because I want them to have a lot of customers. I absolutely love the place. Highly recommended.
4	Note: I'm an east coaster. I'm no taco pro. But these guys are awesome and the $5.99 lunch special is rad. 4 'cos (carnitas, pastor, pollo, chorizo), rice, beans, soda, bawse. The rice is bleh (but who needs it) and the pollo taco is bleh (isn't every?), but every other 'co was legit. 3-4 bites each in corn tortillas, they were sized perfectly.The salsa's are solid, too. Reading previous reviews, I knew to ask for them at the window but didn't expect four different kinds to be tossed in the bag. Each different in consistency and spice level, it was fun to mix and match. This place crushes Roberto's (minus the breakfast burrito) and I can't wait to get back here (tomorrow). Bonus: it's right next to a taco bell (sorry TBell).
2	I've been looking forward to trying this place since it opened....sadly I was not pleased. The lady at the cashier was so nice but that's about all I have to say for nice things. The tamale was small, and just eh tasting. Tacos were alright. The enchilada....was not an enchilada at all. No meat, flat, and almost like a quesadilla with enchilada sauce on it. Honestly, Frank and Phina's Caucina and Roberto's has bigger, real portions and prices are good!
4	I had the urge for tacos but wanted too try something different then my normal spot. So thought too myself is there better time too check out Tacos La Mexicana! I remember back when it use too be japanese restaurant and always been curious too check it out. I heard lot of positive reviews for it. My first impression walked in was floor space itself nothing changed and there still bamboo plants that use for decoration. Really that when the similarity ends. Inside they changed the color, added big sombrero on the wall, the menu has a nice diversity (but not too big), and drinks have your horchata, mexican soda (love that old school soda in glass bottle) and old school coke glass bottle. Small place laid back atmosphere plus if on the go they even have drive thru window.I always been fan of authentic tacos none of this american fast food tacos. Between taco trucks and authentic places like Tacos La Mexicana nice option. Lengua guy through and through. No exception got two lengua and two carne asadas tacos. I had too get some refried beans just cause. It like having peanuts and beer. One compliments the other. Both tacos were awesome! I like the portion size of meat they give you per tacos. Both cooked perfect, nice moist, hot, tasty, and hit it with one of five different salsas. Delicious! I almost got in all five. The salsa verde, salsa roja, and regular salsa. You can tell they were freshly made each day. Although the way they ice it down had its own personality. I think the fact that they have FIVE different salsa all daily fresh made, along with your pickled jalapenos/carrots. By far best salsa bar or station had in town yet! The refried beans were pretty tasty too. I just came Big fab of Tacos La Mexicana.The lunch specials talk about STEAL of deal. Four tacos any choice PLUS you get rice and beans plus drink. It not that much more for dinner but ordering tacos at dinner that all you get. So lunch better bargain but still lunch of dinner great value great food. Plus five different salsas not as though same tacos every time. I know Tacos La Mexicana is place that plan on stopping by more often.
3	Authentic food, but they messed up my order and over charged us.
5	A fine Mexican joint with good food, good prices, and a slightly hole in the wall interior.They use Mexican cheese instead of jack or mozarella which gives their quesadilla and beans with cheese a delicious, authentic flavor.Had some chorizo tacos and the meat was stellar.  Nice spice and the corn tortillas were cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend this place.  If you're used to eating at Roberto's you will find this place is leagues better and with lower prices to boot.
4	Decently priced Mexican food. The carnitas torta is amazing!  Kinda far from my house though. Tried the torta at Roberto's and it's just not the same...at all. Oh well, the drive is worth it!
5	Awesome I only do the lunch special always, cause the deal is great, one time the rice was kind of nasty tasting, but I gave it another try. And ever since then I am In love. I still want to try other things but I love tacos, (no cilantro) I grew up in Mexico and these are great tacos
5	Great service and fast you get that these days. The drive thru is quick and they have a nice light menu so you won't be struggling on reading the menu. The employees are very nice and they know menu really good. I will be back when ever I want authentic Mexican food
2	I've seen this place on Durango for a long time and finally decided to try it.  I hit the drive thru with one car in front of me.  I ordered the cheese enchilada combo and a large diet coke.  The car in front of me waited at the window for about 10 minutes before receiving their order of one to-go container.  I drove up and the gentleman at the window apologized for the wait and took my money.  I waited at least another 7 or 8 minutes for them to finally get my order.  I then had to ask for my drink and some hot sauce as none was offered.Now I sit at my computer at work with my order......that is wrong!  They gave me chicken enchiladas instead of the cheese.  In fact there was almost no cheese anywhere on or in these enchiladas!  There was almost no sauce on them either.  They were practically dry!Overall, a pretty bad experience from slow service to getting the wrong food that was not very good.  Next time, I will go to the usual Robertos.
2	Not very good anymore just flavorless and kinda gross I don't know what happened the torta was really bland and dry my rolled tacos were just not good :-( I use to really like this place
5	Good place for Mexican food. And it's very affordable. Roberto's is shit next to this place. Their salsas are actually salsa, not water down crap lol try it and enjoy the food.
5	I read a lot of positive reviews about this place and had to try it out for myself. I came and got a lunch special and I have been going back ever since. I'm tired of the Roberto commercials talking about real authentic Mexican food, Roberto's has nothing on Tacos la Mexicana.
4	Decent tacos and super cheap too, especially if you come during lunch (before 3 pm) for their lunch special where you get 4 tacos, rice, beans and drink for $5.99. If you come after 3 pm, you pay the same price and just don't get a drink. They also have several other specials on the menu and the same policy applies. The chorizo is my favorite so far. The tacos seemed smaller than other places but the meats are tasty although sometimes slightly greasy. The horchata tasted watered down so just opt for a soda.
4	Popped in for a couple breakfast burritos with the wifey this morning. Good sized burritos with plenty of eggs, taters & bacon inside. The tortillas were cooked perfectly, where they're slightly golden brown & crispy.My only complaint was the burritos seemed a little dry... A lil' sour cream on the inside would compliment them nicely.
5	Me and a friend stopped by to pick up some dinner to go. The lady at the register, Diana, was so nice. She took time out of her day to describe some of the foods that we had questions about. Super nice staff, friendly and makes you feel like you are a part of the family. The food is so good and flavorful. Will keep going back again and again!!
5	I love the carne asada huaraches they are the best!!! It's a gigantic tortilla filled with black beans topped with meat,cheese, onion  and salsa verde. They take a long time But its worth it. The service is always good.
5	Yummmmy!!!!!!!!!This place is amazing!!! Real authentic drive thru mexican food!!! Omg! the best.I was a little sad at first cause their menu showed no vegetarian option so I asked for a specific burrito without meat, the worker then told me they do in fact have a delicious vegetarian burrito.  My suggestion to them would be to put it on the menu. Other then that this place is my go to fast mexican food.
2	Food was so so. I wanted to try them vs Roberto's but the food wasn't seasoned well and i didn't much care for the chicken rolled tacos. The carna asada taco was ok. Im from cali so i know good Mexican food and this isn't it.
4	Tacos La Mexicana is the place to go for lunch. For only $5.99, you get four tacos, rice, refried beans, and a small drink. I usually get their chicken and pastor (pork) tacos. The chicken is not particularly seasoned and is more like pulled chicken. The pastor is not the best that I've ever tried, but it is definitely decent. The food in general is tasty, and the price is even better.I also like their small salsa bar. The red salsas are all delicious, and my favorite salsa is the green one (without seeds). It is packed with flavor and is definitely their spiciest salsa.Overall, the service, price, and food is great and a must-try!
5	This place rules. I'm guilty of settling for Taco Bell for lunch before, but one time the line for the drive thru was nuts while the one for Tacos La Mexicana, which is right across the way,  was barren. I decided to stop betraying my heritage and give their drive thru a try, even though I knew it would take a little longer considering I was buying real food. The wait wasn't too much longer though: I got my food in minutes, it beat the crap out of Taco Bell, and I've been going here ever since. I loved everything I've had so far, the people are always nice and very accomodating, and the cost won't kill your wallet.
4	Was surprised of the quality! Had the tacos. The beans were very tasty. Had the chips and guacamole. Was not what I thought. Negative there.
5	The tacos AL Pastor  and de carnitas are awesome.  The enchiladas are good too. Their green salsa is tasty.  I liked the Horchata because it wasn't super sweet.  We will be back.
5	Visiting from Los Angeles.  Great tasting tacos!Great service.  I'll be back for sure.
4	This place is the bomb. Their carnitas tacos are wonderful. I've tried many items on the menu and the only disappointment was the huevos rancheros. The chiliquilles are so good and you cannot beat the lunch special. Love it here. Families, friendly staff and great food. Prices so reasonable.You'll love it. Not high on ambience but the food makes up for it.
2	Giving an extra star for the most friendly drive thru server! First time I went ordered a chimi which was decent, but nothing memorable. Last visit ordered some tacos and burrito, both of which were bland and sloppy. Quality over quantity counts unless just having run a marathon.
5	Got their chicken tacos combo. Amazing and the price is great! Their chicken is cooked too perfection. Found my new go to taco spot! Thanks:)
3	This is authentic and it is pretty decent for Gringos.They have a great lunch special, four soft tacos with your choice of any meat, pork or chicken, served with rice and beans, and a medium drink for $6.99.I got one for each of my home remodeling crew, who all happen to be from Mexico, and they all agreed "it was authentic". They also feature a full menu of other authentic Mexican foods you won't find at a Taco Bell, Del Taco, or other Gringo places pretending to be Mexican. I ate dinner there and ordered the four taco plate combo, with a Chile Relano entree. Filled me up and pleased my taste buds.My helper had the four taco plate, and he pronounced it "real Mexican". It gets 3 stars, and not 4, because it is a simple eatery with a drive through, not a place with atmosphere. Also, the salsa bar lacked raddishes, onions, cilentro, and other delights you find in an authentic Mexican place.None the less, great place for lunch or quick dinner, and a great value for the quality.
5	The food was decent, but the customer service was amazing! I went through the drive-thru and they got my order wrong. I went in expecting a reluctant employee to remake my burrito. Instead, I encountered an employee who was extremely apologetic and very eager to remake my order and get it right. Any place with customer service as good and pleasant as this deserves 5 stars.
4	This was my first time here. It is small inside. I ordered for take out.The prices are fair. I ordered the chile rellano plate, 3 tamales, an order of chips and beans.The chile rellano was delicious. Huge portion, could only eat half. My husband enjoyed the pork tamales. My favorite was the chips. Honestly the best chips I have had in Las Vegas. They were hot, crispy and perfectly seasoned. The service was great. I will come back to try more of the good food.
5	Always consistently delicious! The place is clean and the salsas are tasty. Get the pambazo, you won't regret it!!
4	Hubby was starving so we wanted something quick. Planned on Roberto's but decided to try this place after reading some of the reviews. We got Nachos and they were very good.. their chips are perfect and the toppings/sauces were very fresh. The service was also very good. The girl who took our order and gave us our food was SO sweet. Next time we'll get the Chicken Nachos or maybe ask for combo meat. 4 stars because service and food were both very good, especially for it just being a drive thru.
5	Love this place!!!! The food was fresh and made to order!!The customer service is great love the cook and the cashier!!! Hands down five  The family and I agreed this is the spot
3	Solid family-run Mexican joint- props for the diverse menu (check out the new additions section) and the drive-thru. Service was also polite, and there are both hot and mild versions of red and green salsa available.Hard shell chicken tacos are  a touch overpriced at $2.25, considering they don't have much in them but they're generous with the cheese. Happy to see the California burrito on their menu, served with carne asada, as it should be- hefty size, not much in the way of fries/potatoes but good overall flavor.They have a special section of the menu for skillet-type meals that feed two for a good price, and come with a stack of tortillas. Several tortas on the menu, including a mega and a pambazo.
