2	I hate places that act as if you are stupid the moment you walk in - "are you sure you left your precious wedding ring here to be serviced?". YES!  It was only 2 weeks ago, I think I would remember where I left it!  On top of that when they did locate my jewelry it was damaged.  3 diamonds were missing from my band.  They then basically accused me of it being that way when I left it.  And then tried to get me to sign the piece of paper that said I was satisfied with my jewelry.  The only remedy is that they REPLACED the missing diamonds free of charge.  I appreciate a business that fixes screw ups but don't mess with a woman's most prized possession
2	My real problem with this store is how PUSHY the salespeople are and the fact that they try to upsell you even when they know you are on a budget. My husband got my original engagement ring at this Kay Jewelers. We went in recently to see about having it upgraded and were told that not only do I have to turn in my original ring PLUS the amount of the original ring in order to upgrade. In our case, that would be $4000. Sorry but not many people have that kind of money just laying around. Before this incident, I was a frequent shopper at Kay. I have purchased necklaces, rings etc...I'm not sure why we couldn't just turn in the ring, get the value of it and put that towards a nicer ring. Because of this, we will not shop at Kay Jewelers anymore. Ever. Their policies are awful.
5	I have been shopping at this location for a few years now. I will only deal with Brandon. He is not pushy at all. I didnt know much about what i was looking for when i went shopping for an engagement ring. Brandon was very helpful through the entire process. He helped me to pick out the perfect ring within my budget. Ring shopping can be a scary task for any guy but when you are ready go see Brandon. He even calls me when something i have looked at in the past goes on sale or clearance. I was able to pick up a very nice Mavado watch when it hit clearance thanks to Brandon's call. I am headed back today for the wedding band that matches the ring. I highly recommend Kay, but ask for Brandon.
1	I received a ring for Christmas that needed to be sized. Went into this location to drop it off. A salesperson by the name of Tim was at the counter. I told him what I needed and he was less than thrilled to help me. I had to ask to see a ring sizer. I had to ask him about how long it would take. He didnt offer up any info at all. It was like pulling teeth. I realize this wasnt a new sale and he wasnt making any money off of me BUT the ring was bought at Kay and he should have been more willing to help. I usually shop at a different jewelry store and after this experience I would never step foot into another Kay jewelry store. I will give Helzberg my money instead.
