4	I love going to the Library.  It's one of the great things that I think people never really seem to fully take advantage of.  This particular branch is located close to my home. Its not the main branch, so its a bit smaller and has limited hours.  They are closed on Sundays and Mondays, and have a smaller selection of books due to the fact that they are not a main branch.  I know you can request books if they don't have them on the shelf, and it takes only a day or two.  They also have a great little computer section also!I've come here on several different occasions, and the staff is always friendly and  helpful.  Parking is good, and I can always get what I need.  They even have a little area that have books for sale!Hooray for the library!
4	I love going to the library. I have a horrible addiction to books, but have realised that I cannot buy all the books I want. So the Mesa Public Library it is! This place is on my way home from work, which makes it very convenient. But the best thing is the online services. You create your account with your card & PIN, then you can search, renew and reserve your books online. It's great for those people who have busy lives or are just super lazy, like me!! You go online and search for the book you want. You can then reserve it and no matter what Mesa library has it, they will ship it to your local branch. If it's not immediately available, you go on a waiting list and they will email you when it's ready. Then you go in and it's waiting with your name at the front of the library. You never even have to deal with a person, which is awesome.The only gripe I have is renewing books that have a waiting list. Sometimes you can renew them online, sometimes not. Sometimes in the branch you can, sometimes you can't. They also have free wi-fi with your library account.
3	This is a really small branch, and I would have only given it 2 stars *BUT* since it's so small and seems to only really serve the folks that live right around it I was able to find some books there that were out at the main Mesa Library and the Tempe Library.So for that I am willing to grant you a whole extra star, wear it proudly!
3	A-ok library in my opion. Not huge but it is big enough to stop in and look around for something that catches your eye. Internet is available and the first hr is free, which is nice. Not as large as of a selection in some areas as i would like so i will need to venture out to a bigger library in some cases but for the most part this librbary is super convient for me and will def be a regular. They will text you also for return reminders!
4	small quiet library next to a park.
5	It's kinda cute. It's kinda cozy. But it's big enough to make it useful.I've been to this branch a few times, and while it's not the flagship, they do have enough things there to make it worth your while. There's a small bank of computers open to the public (don't get me started on a rant about using the library computers to check your Facebook pages... I just have to breathe and realize that some people do use it for things that aren't worthless...). There are a few small tables for you to work or read, and then of course, all the books. A nice kids section, usually a small selection of books for sale, and of course a couple of nice librarians to help out.I should also mention the free WiFi. Free WiFi is such a crapshoot--sometimes it's free, sometimes it's not really so free, and sometimes it's hardly WiFi. But I'm happy to report that their free WiFi was free as free can be (no password...so watch your security) but smokin' fast. Kudos.
