4	Wow, I wish they had these in Vegas!  Or, I guess I could try some gelato shops in Vegas just to see if they are as good...?I ordered a small cookies and cream...xoxo.  Too bad the airport was busy because I would've licked the bowl, that's how creamy and refreshing it was.  My fiancee however, wasn't as wild about his strawberry gelato (with real strawberries), though I thought it was pretty tasty. On the downside, the lady attending the shop was apathetic, unpleasant, and almost rude.  She definitely, wasn't having a good day or wanted to be somewhere else.  I tried to make small talk with her and asked "Are these (shops) only in the Carolinas?"  She yelled back, "I don't know?!"  And, offered no other explanation or any sort of salutation.  So I felt like a turd and walked off with my tail between my legs.  As we walked back to our gate, we passed another Pino Gelato!  We stopped in to see if they offered different flavors.  They did, and I proceeded to try the Tahitian Vanilla while Todd tried the Pistachio.  The vanilla tasted very plasticky or manufactured, if you will, and Todd said he didn't like his (pistachio).  I felt bad because the man attending this shop (inside a small food court) was very friendly and accomodating, unlike the lady.  Unfortunately, this shop didn't have the cookies and cream, so we trudged back to revisit grumpy.  That's how good the cookies and cream was!  This time we ordered two large cookies and cream from grumpy.I wish Pino Gelato was here in Vegas, but, at the same time I guess I'm glad they aren't for two reasons.1. I'd need to buy a gym membership or P90X2. At $5-6 a bowl, I'd be going broke.
5	Oh, Pino Gelato.  You were conveniently located throughout my terminal.  In fact, you were the Gelato equivalent of a Starbucks in NYC, everywhere I turned.  Seriously though, I looked in one direction and saw a Pino Gelato, standing in the same spot I looked in the other direction and saw another Pino Gelato.  Whatever, when the getting's good....  You don't complain.I had two scoops in a cup, cheesecake and mango.  They were both delicious.  The price was reasonable, and it was a fantastic, between flight treat.
4	As far as "airport" Gelato - it was good and I would eat it again. I ordered tiramisu and vanilla bean - great choices.
4	I was almost late for my flight, but I can never pass up gelato!  I had the pumpkin and cinnamon flavors and they were both yummy.  The pumpkin was a little more bold, while the cinnamon was subtle.  They made a very good combination.  The only negative is the price... 2 small scoops for $5?  Yikes.
3	What can I say, it's one of the few gluten free places in Terminal B.  As far as the Taste, very genetic soft gelato that isn't fresh but will do in a pinch.  Very pricey.
4	For an airport stand Pino Offered some pretty good flavors after a flight. The staff was fast and curteous
3	Other than a restaurant that serves some Gelato Desserts (like "Copper" in Dilworth) this is probably the best Gelato in Charlotte (currently) unfortunately that says there is very little Gelato in Charlotte and most of it is poor!Crazy for Gelato - OK I would be very careful acting as myself in any Airport and maybe it was good that this Gelato was NOT one of the Best I have tasted... Right now in Charlotte the options for Gelato are seriously LIMITED... This time I won't say too much about the Men in White, so the Boys in Black or Blue are not after me too!Gelato with the TSA? No!  Gelato in Baggage Claim (see photo later today)!  My Girlfriend called me to see what flavors sounded good so she picked up a Waffle Cone and met me in Baggage Claim...Banana and Pineapple!  Hummm The Banana had a good Banana flavor though LACKED richness that I want in Gelato, it was too icy!  The Pineapple tasted like Vanilla Ice Milk!  It was not very good even compared to Vanilla Ice Cream!Banana Gelato gets 3 yelp starsPineapple Gelato gets 1 yelp star which means my review star rating is GENEROUS!
2	Edy's ice cream in terminal E is gone, so came to give this a try. Weakly flavored chocolate-hazelnut. Very disappointing
1	Crappy gelato in a crappy airport. Word to the wise - gelato is not supposed to be gritty. Sorbet should be refreshing. Blech. Also you're charging too much for crappy gelato. Totally disappointing.
