5	This salon is wonderful. Great service and quality polish. Small, but cozy. My only complaint is that the pedi chairs only have one setting, but they do such a good job on my nails I still won't go anywhere else.
4	Pleased to say they have updated their pedi chairs, which are  they now top notch. They just went under new management and they are going first class with all their new equipment.  I followed the new manager to this salon because I knew how particular he is. Great service and great little salon.
5	I am in town visiting family. Came here to get a mani/pedi. Super friendly and super nice staff. The salon only opened 6 months ago. Everything is very new and top of the line. My nails look perfect and the biggest surprise was that you get a neck and shoulder massage from your technician at the end of your manicure!:)
4	I think this is my new place for pedicures.  It is so much closer to my house and they are very efficient.  I like that there is no wait at all.  I have been here three times and it seems like my leg massage a little longer.   Not sure if it is because there is no one in the queue after me or if it is because I am a regular now.   The place is clean and quiet, which I appreciate.  I am so glad I can drive there in about 10 minutes.  Great find.
5	I drive 30+ to see Lynn every 3 weeks, the salon is spotless," top of the line" polish & gel 100+ colors to choose from, excellent service from the whole team, you won't be disappointed!
5	I have tried several nail salons in the area.. This one is my new Go-To place. The Elegant pedicure is worth $35. My nail tech Van did a great job!  The foot and leg massage lasted 20+ minutes.
2	Not great.  Not very friendly, made an appointment but felt rushed. Pedicure was messy and I probably could have done a better job at home... Which is saying a lot.  They only did one coat on my toes which made it look unfinished.  They also didn't have a great selection of colors... Overall just a major disappointment since I live so close and this is my second time trying a nail salon in this area.  I was even willing to pay a little more for convenience.  I guess I'm going to have to head to old town if I want a decent mani/pedi.  :(
