3	Clean.  People coughing all over the place.  Slow service with Shrek playing over and over again (even with no kids in the lobby.)  Bring a book and prepare to wait.
5	Where do I start? A very clean office, front office staff that are friendly, and medical professionals who take the time to explain everything. We have seen Catherine several times and she's absolutely awesome. She makes our children so comfortable and keeps everything in kid's terms, without being condescending. The best part, you can actually get on line to make an appointment and they even have an app for your smartphone. What more could I ask for? Keep up the great work!
3	I went here on a Saturday morning right after opening. First for the positives: it was a very clean facility, very friendly staff, and I loved that they were playing kids movies rather than shows that would not be ok for my kids to see. Negative: There was only one other person in the lobby and check in still took 10-15 minutes. Secondly I was the only patient there at the time I was called back and I sat in the room and sat there for at least 20 minutes while I heard the nurses talking instead of tending to the patient-Me! I thought it was ridiculous that they were talking about dinner plans while I sat there with a 102.5 degree fever a week after delivering my son. I had to stick my head out the door and ask if or when someone would be coming- they replied it would be just a minute. It was at least 5 more minutes while they finished their conversation. The nurse proceeded to prescribe me an antibiotic that would not be the best choice ( according to my dr two days later and the pharmacist) for my nursing newborn. I told each of the nurses at least twice each I was nursing . Also when needing a urine sample I had to go into a restroom that was also used for drug screening so the toilet was not able to flush and I couldn't use the sink to wash my hands. I had to ask to wash my hands outside the room in the testing area.Overall, as with any other urgent care I feel that a patient gets inadequate treatment. Every time I go to one of these places they misdiagnose me or my children. I was not happy with the speed of treatment here. As the only patient it still took me an hour and a half-- this was just for diagnosis, a flu screen, and a urine test. However, the staff was friendly and it seemed very clean. Still better than the ER for moderate health needs.
5	Quick and very professional. Also very clean. The staff seemed very knowledgeable and professional.
5	I chose this facility from Yelp reviews and was very pleased the second I walked through the door.   It was very clean and the staff was very friendly.  I work in the medical field so I am very observant about these things.   I made an appointment on line and printed the forms that needed to be filled.  This made the process quicker when I arrived.  Sunny welcomed me with a friendly smile and a sincere hello. While waiting, a young boy had gotten sick in the waiting room and Sunny quickly cleaned it up on her hands and knees without skipping a beat since more patients were coming in at the time.  She did wash her hands afterwards and used gloves.  The PA, Jon Patterson,   was very knowledgeable and explained everything with the questions I had asked him without being in a hurry since there was a room full of patients.  As I left I received a print out of my diagnosis and treatment as well as the vitals that were taken. Good information to have for future reference.  I will definitely return should I become sick again, which I hope isn't anytime soon.
1	The WORST urgent care ever!  Rude front office staff, extremely long waits even though it was almost empty and the Dr didnt even let me talk, just wrote a prescription and walked out of the room, he was literally in there with me for less than 1 minute.  I will never come back here again & I recommend you save your time & money and go somewhere else
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! In & out in just under an hour (1st thing Sat morn). Kind & caring staff. Way faster than my PCP!
4	First, let me tell explain why the five stars were not given. I checked in online since it says the wait time would be less. So I checked in online for 11 a.m arrived 20 minutes earlier to fill out paper work and I still waited about an hour before being seen, including the time spent in the room waiting. I know waiting is all part of the American health system, but really? I went in because I am 2 months pregnant and just couldn't get an appointment soon enough with my OBGYN, even though I hadn't been able to keep any food or liquids down for 2 days! The front desk receptionist was very nice and seemed to get all of the information into their system quickly. Again I just wish they would tell you, "Your wait time will be around" instead of "They will be calling you shortly". Finally,  I got to see one of the P.A's I believe and she asked about my symptoms and how I was feeling. She gave me some anti nausea pills to take whenever I felt nauseous.  At some point I did puke in their trash can and then asked for something to continue it on. One of the other nice gentlemen gave me a plastic container and put a pad on the bottom so it wouldn't splash back at me and that was very thoughtful.  I mean I already looked like a mess last thing I needed was vomit on myself. The next day I woke up feeling a lot better than the past days, and to make matters even better I received a phone call to follow up on how I was doing. I really am glad I took the time and drive from Buckeye to this facility. I would recommend them to anyone who needs to be seen that someday but can't get a doctor's appointment.
4	I had a member of our household sprain their ankle on Friday afternoon.  While we kept the ankle iced and elevated, the pain and swelling did not subside Saturday evening.  What to do?  The 800 number on my insurance card does not have customer service who mans the phones in the evenings on the west coast or weekends.I turn to Yelp to find the Urgent Care facilities in my area.  While FastMed was not my initial first choice. FastMed's website had everything I needed to confirm.  Their website showed my insurance was covered.  It also showed that they could handle a broken bone if needed.   My initial first choice who is part of my MD's medical group could not confirm this same information on their website.  We walk in on a Sunday a hour and a half after they opened.  We find one other party in the lobby.  The lobby was very clean, bright and the temperature was very cool.  After filling out the required paperwork, the young lady behind the counter brought us a ice pack for the injured ankle.  They were very prompt with initial meet with the doctor to x-rays to the diagnosis.  No break which was good news.  They recommended medical supplies from braces to crutches and where by no means pushy at all on us taking the recommend supplies for the injury.  I would tell my family, friends and fellow Yelpers to give FastMed a shot.  If your regular MD is not available.
1	If you're looking for a long wait and rude service then Fastmed will be a great fit for you, however, I recommend you go elsewhere they have a state of the art establishment with rude front office staff her name is Amber! I will never go back to this establishment.
5	I relocated to the area recently and haven't established a personal physician yet. I've been dealing with some sinus infection stuff for the past 2 weeks and went to FastMed Urgent Care. It's close to my office. I used their pre-registration (easily accessible right from the Yelp page!) and set an appointment for 3:15. It asked for me to be there 15 minutes early, so I got there at 3 (20 minutes after I made the appointment). By 3:15 I was having my blood pressure and other vitals checked by a nurse. By 3:30 the doctor was there. Everyone was friendly and helpful, from the front desk reception to the doc. I felt like they cared about helping me, and listened to what I had to say. I highly recommend this FastMed Urgent Care.
5	Super fast, very clean, Andrea was pleasant, efficient, and informative. I'm very pleased with my experience and will be back when the need arises.
