4	Stayed here for a month in 2012. Very friendly staff, clean gated property & close to the strip, across the street from UNLV & the hard rock. Will be back.
1	i am from brazil and arrived in the us today to scout properties to place my vip customers as i represent a network of tourism agencies in sao paulo.i needed housing assistance for multiple brazilian vip families and a helpful and polite secretary transferred me to a very angry, obnoxious, rude and "too good for you" lady named kathy (?) whom was nothing but very aggressive towards me, heard nothing i had to say and probably mistaken me with some marketing someone.i have been to usa multiple times over the past 10 years  and unfortunately had the displeasure of having kathy on the phone.i will never do business with this company, specially placing my vip customers on their hands as don't see the staff as being  fit to even handle my dog.terrible experience!ps: kathy, you should most definitely not handle the public! (and thanks for such warm welcoming to your country!)
5	Been living here for over a year now. Kathy is the sweetest lady :) Rest of the staff is also always warm and welcoming.
5	Are you a business professional or someone just in transition looking for a place to stay at an extended rate? Are you looking for something safe? Look no further this is it. I left Emerald Suites out of fear to come to a gated location. But before I entered, I asked to see a room first. The manager that runs this place is totally on top of it. She was totally cooperative and it was easy to see that she cared for her customers. That made a huge difference, but it doesn't stop there. When you drive through the gate, you swipe a badge. If someone is behind you at night, security will not let them go straight through without producing a badge. Security is visible at night with roaming patrols and watches the gate like a hawk. I feel totally safe and that to me is part 1. Part 2 is the cost. What a great deal compared to other places with similar prices that are totally dumpy. Now one thing to note, it isn't perfect. I have stains on the bathroom floor, some cracks in the walls, a stove burner that doesn't have the metal plate underneath it and some other minor things. I can live with minor things and for this price, you have to give a little. For the price you pay it is worth the little things. The pool is always clean and well maintained and right in the center of the property. It is nice to know you can relax without worry. The location is pretty darn cool. You can walk to the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino and Cafe just one block away or drink a tall one at the Hofbrauhaus kitty corner to the property. I have walked up and down all streets at night and while there are a few bad things you have to keep your eyes open to, I have not had one problem. Just 1.2 miles and you are on the Strip. Or you can drive to one of the parking garages and again, you are right there. Do you like airplanes? Get over it if you don't. They fly right over head on the landing strip. It is actually pretty cool as long as they stay in the air. After a while, you learn to ignore them like any other distracting noise.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would.  I stayed here for a few months and knew I had to get out.  The staff there is so unprofessional and rude its ridiculous.  Kathy will be nice one day and rude the next. I will let you know the whole front desk staff is horrible... The property manager Sonya is the worst of them all!! I don't know what's wrong with her but her jaw is constantly moving when she talks to you, like she's tweeked out.. Its gross!!!!If you are a single woman do not ever trust this place as a safe environment.. It is occupied with apparent drug users who are so pilled out that they leave their car doors open all night, sit out in front of their apartments and drink all day... It is so scary walking to your room because you never know what's lurking around the corner.. Also, if you are a woman the perverted old men come and sit at the pool and watch you or stand on the balcony and watch you as you lay out.. Its very creepy!!!!The laundry rooms are always dirty and the washers and dryers are old and always broken. If the dryer doesn't work they won't refund your money. They have a bunch of illegal workers there who speak no English and the guy workers are soooo creepy...its not safe at all....To say the least, I would never recommend this place to anyone, it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had with any place I have stayed...Stay clear of this place its horrible!!!!!!!
2	Wi Fi is so slow when it's free other wise you have to pay extra ..Yes everything here is really outdated the rooms here really need deep cleaning the moment I spoke over the phone to a lady name Kathy she was very nice, but when they got my money everything changed she began to be rude about things I would request, like how do I let my guess in at night, you can't because it's one big hassle, you have to walk down with your key card, then the old people the lives there are like evil old people looking crazy, they over charged my credit card for a day then a lady told me because I was 30min late checking out, wow how cold is that after I stayed for two weeks giving them my business, I will be glad when my house is complete. I didn't see any roaches or bed bugs, bed was pretty nasty I requested a new one and they replaced it with a spotted one and I said no finally after three days a new one arrived in the mean time I slept on a air mattress , all while paying full price, I didn't make a big deal here about nothing considering all the crap I seen go on here and the nasty rooms. They allow pets here maybe that's why my room smelled like cat piss and crap, I guess this is not a resort style place that treats you as a guess they treat it more like a ghetto housing projects or something. One thing I can say is they sure know how to play games and get that rent money as they would call it. I thought this was a resort style place considering they charge resort fees and advertise their rooms as suites, and what I was told over the phone.
