4	Our neighborhood is constantly developing and when I saw the sign for "World of Cakes", I had to check it out.A family-owned business that's only been open for about 8 weeks, World of Cakes holds a lot of promise.  Walking in, you'll notice a small assortment of single serving cakes.  We didn't know which cake to try, and the ever so personable and gracious owner and pastry chef, William Galdamez, brought out some samples for us!  We tried the Creme Brulee Cheesecake ($3.75) and the Apple Tart.  The creme brulee had a delicious crust on the bottom, a layer of creme brulee, then  cheesecake, and the top is nicely crisped as traditional creme brulee is.  Yummy!  The apple tart was a lovely surprise too!  I'm not usually fond of the crust of tarts, but their version is unlike any other I had and was very enjoyable.  We bought home their Kahlua Chocolate Mousse Cake ($3.75), a lovely dome of soft and delicious chocolate. Again, the crust was oh-so nice and was just a joy to eat.  Other flavors available include Cheesecake and Lemon Mousse among others.Homemade cookies are available by the pound, $4.50.  They offer four varieties of cookies - Oatmeal, Chocolate Chip, Sugar, and Butter.  Cookies are very enjoyable as well and can create a very bad habit if you find a pound in front of you.World of Cakes does sell cupcakes, but this isn't their specialty.  You'll find their version of cupcakes unlike any other place.  Their visual appearance alone doesn't even resemble a cupcake.  I have yet to try theirs.They also sell artisan breads for about $4 a loaf that include olives or raisins.  These crusty breads come from the owner's friend's bakery and is a nice treat from your boring regular bread from the supermarket.Bigger cakes are also available made to order.  Cake flavors include Lemon Chiffon, White Chiffon, Carrot Cake, Chocolate Chiffon, Tiramisu, and Marble.  Cake fillings include Lemon Cream, Vanilla Bavarian, Chocolate Bavaria, Chocolate Mousse, White Chocolate Mousse, Cream Cheese, and Pineapple Cream.  Moving onto Icings, you can choose Whipped Cream, Buttercream, Chocolate Ganache, and Rolled Fondant.As of now, they are open daily from 10 am to 7 pm, and closed on Sundays.  This may change once business picks up due to road construction right in front.World of Cakes is definitely worth a visit!
4	Stopped by in a last minute pinch to grab something for a friend's birthday. The store front had a small display case for what every single serving treats that are currently for sale. Also a very lively smell of baked bread filled the shop and is very nice.Ended up buying a trio of cheese cake, carrot cake, and and kind of pumpkin spiced cheese cake.The cheesecake was divine, not too sweet with a texture that just melts in your mouth. Quite possibly the best cheese cake i've ever had. Their carrot cake was mostly cream cheese frosting, i personally believe it would have  been better if most of the taste came from take cake and not the frosting on top and the frosting wedged in the middle.The pumpkin spiced was the worse of the bunch, the texture was too creamy and it lacked any noticeable taste. In the end my friend was ecstatic for the gift and devoured the cheesecake before i could get a few bites in.
4	I usually go to Freed's Bakery or Cake World for special occasions. It was my son's birthday & I wanted to try something closer to my house in mountains edge. I didn't feel like driving far w/ all the traffic around the holidays so I decided to check this bakery out. My middle sister recommended the Chantilly cake. As I walked in, it smelled so good and sweet. I noticed the beautiful & big gingerbread house on display & the other beautifully decorated cakes. The display case was filled w/ delicious looking desserts. I wanted to try them all. The owner seemed pretty cool. Nice & clean place. The cake looked so good when I received it. After I got to try it, I thought it was pretty good, but very rich. It was thick & heavy. Not the kinda cake you could eat alot of. You would probably have to eat only a small portion at a time with a glass of milk or water. I would come back again to try those desserts on display.
5	William was very helpful when my husband ordered a Chantilly cake for my birthday. It was huge, rich and yummy. It tastes like a fancier German chocolate cake. Macadamia nut, coconut icing without the coconut texture in a chocolate cake. We will order our cakes from them ALWAYS! You can taste a $5 slice of their cake two doors down at Island Flavor.
5	I visited World of Cakes a couple of years ago to get pies for Thanksgiving.  They were fantastic.  My next visit came a few weeks ago when I was looking for a specialty item.  World of Cakes didn't have the item but my daughter wanted a small treat that was displayed in the class.  The man behind the counter was so nice that he gave it to her free of charge.  It such a nice sentiment.
3	OK, I was disappointed as I walked in here and saw a basically empty display case. Now, I don't know about you but when I walk into a bakery I expect to see a display case filled with a variety of goodies to try. Not here...I asked the guy behind the counter who very well may have been  the owner, when are other goodies made to try and basically he said if more items are made it would be on a Friday/Saturday but still not many things would be made.In the display case was a small tray of mini lemon tarts, 3 pieces of Tiramisu on the bottom shelf, 2 chocolate mousse things and a small tray of mini chocolate eclairs that he said was not for sale. Near the cash register was a small plastic container with biscotti and another small container with butter cookies, That's it.....My little niece wanted something so we chose a few of the mini lemon tarts that were sold for .50 each. To my surprise these were very good. It was like a light lemon mousse in a mini pastry cup.But, my 3 stars go to the fact that this place makes the Chantilly cake that I so love and buy from "Island Flavor" restaurant next door. Yup, I found this out after talking to him and they also make the Haupia cake for Island Flavor as well. So, even though I was disappointed walking into this place I have to give it to them cause they can sure make a hellah good Chantilly Cake!!!!! He said he can make Guava Chiffon as well....
4	I would give this place 5 stars but... They do not keep cakes or goodies on hand.  However... The guava cake they had today was one of the best cakes I have ever had. So flavorable, moist n not too sweet at all! I could eat the whole cake n confused it for the guava fruit itself!! I love the family/mom n pop feel! Call ahead to c what they do have left on hand or else u mite be disappointed w/ the slim pickings but u won't be disappointed w/ the goodies!!
4	My husband and i stopped by because i was craving some desserts. The presentation of the little cakes and desserts was so pretty and amazing, but i didnt like it as much as i thought i would.The owner does keep his storefront clean and his art work was amazing
5	I guess I'll just have the cake for breakfast....that's how good the cakes are here!  I purposely bought a larger birthday cake so I would have left overs.  Even two days later...the cake is still moist and fluffy in the refrigerator.  I've honestly only had the guava chiffon cake, but it is my favorite cake in the world at this point =)  I grew up eating Asian cakes, the fruit kind....so I think I've been trained to like cakes that aren't overly sweet.  The guava cake has a perfect balance of sweetness combined with the tartness of the jelly in between the layers!  The frosting is nice and airy, so doesn't feel like you've shoved a sugar cube in your mouth.  The cakes are very reasonably priced as well....just make sure to call in specialty orders ahead of time!
5	We had the Chantilly cake and it was just like I remembered from growing up in Hawaii.  The cake was so moist, light, and just sinfully delicious!
5	I stopped by here to get a smash cake for my daughter's first birthday I gave the employee an idea of what I was looking for (a fairyland-themed cake) and what I got was adorable. I asked for red toadstools with white spots on them and they were wrapped around the outside of the cake. There were little sugar butterflies on top. I did not know what to expect and I stopped there without a picture or anything. I was pleased with what I got and the cake was yummy too.
4	Very good cakes!  Our favorite is the guava cake!  We just go and buy the guava cake to keep in the fridge whenever we feel like having a slice!  Oh sooo good!
5	This is my new go-to dessert place whenever I am having a craving. I seriously miss Hawaii and all the foods I grew up with it. It is incredibly hard to find places that replicate the taste of Hawaii. One thing I absolutely love from here is the Cocoa Puffs. Of course, it isn't the same as Liliha Bakery back in Hawaii, but it definitely is close enough. I ordered a Chantilly Cake for my son's 3rd birthday and I wanted to know how their chantilly icing taste like and the worker there was nice enough to let me try one for free. VERY GOOD! I highly recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	I rarely take the time to write reviews but after running by this place after eating at the yummy hawaiian place next door, I have no need to go anywhere else for custom birthday cakes.  William is great! I just hope he's here to stay.
5	So I've been wanting a guava cake. So I did some research and it led me to this place. Since it was my bday cake, I figured I'd treat myself. The cake was very delicious. Rich guava flavor throughout the cake with guava jelly between layers and guava jelly on too the cake. Not too sweet, it was perfect. Cake itself is light, but dense enough that you get a nice chew. The cake was so good, everyone at the party wanted to know where I got the cake from and vowed to get one of their own. Thanks Andreas for a wonderful bday cake!!
1	I was super excited to find out they made guava cake, it's not like the ones back home but it comes close to it. So I ordered a 10 inch and I wanted to split the $32 payment with cash and credit. I gave him $20 and asked to put the rest on the card. Instead he charged the whole thing on the card and just took the $20. I will no longer be going to this place for future cakes and the handful of business cards you gave me are now in the trash. It makes me sad because I really liked the guava cake, but if you are going to be dishonest doing business then I will take my business elsewhere. Consider that a $20 tip but no return business.
5	So I got a message from Andrea through Yelp and I just want to say that I appreciate her contacting me to try and make things right. Not many self employed business would even take the time to do what she did and I appreciate her integrity. I am also happ to say that u will return whenever I get a craving for guava cake.
5	If you're a Hawaiian in Vegas craving for some Liliha Bakery chantilly, look no further! I went one morning to get a chantilly cake for my daughter's birthday and to my surprise they had coco puffs too! Their chantilly cake is layered & the cake not as light as Liliha's, but the chantilly frosting is the best! I would love to see them make one layer cakes though. The coco puffs have a little more pastry than Liliha's coco puffs & the filling has a tad more chocolate but it's a close second.
2	ok so Im sure they do some awesome cakes here and my review is not so much on product but on customer service, Been here twice, Twice I asked them to make me specific cakes and twice he says to me he cant do it.  No reason no other excuse just plain out I cant do it, doesnt go to the extreme to show me a book or maybe that they can do something similar or close to it etc......just flat out I cant do it and then just stares at you to the point your like okkkkkkk is that my signal to exit the store or something . so with that said I will never come here again, I have never once experienced horrible customer service like this at a bakery they always usually go above and beyond to please the customer so with that said I will take myself somewhere else where they can  actually help me. Im actually surprised how they are still even in business treating customers like this .
5	William was amazing to work with. He helped me decide on a cake over the phone for my Vegas destination wedding! The cake was SO PRETTY and even more DELICIOUS! They really know what they are doing. I'm am so glad they were able to make my special day even brighter. Truly a great experience working with you! Thank you VERY much!!!!
5	Get the CHANTILLY CAKE!!!! The best! They also come in cupcakes too..and the chocolate covered chocolate ganache dome thing...they do sell out pretty quickly so I recommend to order in advance especially if it's for an event like a birthday. The owner is really nice too
5	Their Hawaiian cakes taste just like the ones I grew up on in Hawaii.....actually a little better. Prices are good & they are super nice here!
5	We ordered a cake for our son's wedding in September. William was very helpful and professional.  The cake was so beautiful and delicious that we ordered another cake for my husband's 50th birthday celebration.  Once again the cake was a hit! Delicious moist vanilla cake with raspberry mousse filling.
5	Awesome coco puffs! Okay, I know its not Liliha, but it tastes the same to me! For those who think they know the difference, I would challenge you to a blind taste test. Anyhoo...They have great desserts here. Tip: Checkout Island Flavor next door because Andrea's makes some of the desserts for them.
