5	Dr. Patrick is an exceptional dentist. He is a perfectionist and genuinely cares for his patients. My husband and I experienced this first hand. Having had 2 new crowns recently (which can be very expensive), we found Desert Oasis pricing to be very competitive.  Dr. Patrick always has a positive attitude and makes you feel comfortable. It is SO worthwhile to go to a dentist you can trust. Additionally, the office is beautiful and the staff is always pleasant and professional.
5	Dr.Patrick has a very gentleness about him that makes it easy to relax. I highly recommend him highly.
5	Dr. Patrick and his staff are wonderful! They are patient and kind with our children, and have always worked to meet our needs.  If you are looking for an accommodating, friendly and professional staff, Desert Oasis is the office for you.
5	I.just have to say this is the best dental experience I've had since moving out here!  They are very professional from the front desk to the healthcare team.  Kudos to them.
5	Wonderful staff and wonderful dentist! My boyfriend went in to have a tooth extracted and they offered us excellent service with a good price. I will be returning, they did an amazing job!
5	Very clean atmosphere. Staff is extremely nice and I'm always in and out. My teeth cleaning never takes more than 20 minutes. Dr. Patrick is very gentle but gets the job done. I always leave with a clean mouth and smooth teeth. I've been coming here for about 8 years and will keep coming back.
5	Finally a dentist that cares. Dr Patrick only fixes the problems, he does not make work not needed. We just moved to Peoria and needed a dentist. After trying two other dentists we found that Dr Patrick is the most honest. We had been going to dentists regularly before we moved and knew that there was not much that needed attention. He quickly assessed the situation and recommended some work. I totally agreed with his assessment since I knew that a cracked tooth with a large filling would need a crown.But don't let his easy manner fool you, he means business. He advised me about my cancer (not mouth related) that if I need chemo or some other therapy I should call him and if necessary he would prescribe some medication or special toothpaste. Apparently mouth decay is heightened greatly with some cancer therapies. I am very happy I went to him.
