5	Awesome workouts and fantastic instructors!  I never knew that I could get tough workout with barely moving a muscle.  I will give a warning:  this is a tough workout with great results.  I love the staff and they are so friendly.  This location is so close to work that I can sneak in a workout during lunch.  If you want to get a jump on your swim suit body, check out Pure Barre.  In two weeks you will see a serious difference!!!  Thanks ladies!
5	My Pure Barre review is my first review!  I started Pure Barre about a week ago, and am completely obsessed.  I have never been so sore and wanted to keep going back!  I have taken 5 classes so far, and feel so much better about myself.  All the instructors I have had so far are awesome, they come around fix your form, and encourage you every step of the way.  Not one class I have taken has been the same yet.  You can expect to work the same areas, but definitely not in a repetitive way which I LOVE!When you first walk into Pure Barre there is a front desk on your right, and a small retail area with Pure Barre merchandise which include hats, tops, and some other brands too.  Everyone is decked out in the cutest workout gear which I love!  We are women, we want to feel good all the time. I know when I first went I had to go to work after so I wasn't sure if there was a locker room.  Heads up lady, no locker room, but it definitely doesn't make a difference to me.  They have a nice bathroom, cubbies for your personal belongings, and a water station.  Note for Newbies:  No shorts in class, capris or pants only.  Definitely bring water with you, you will sweat a lot!  Wear socks, or buy the Pure Barre socks there.You definitely won't regret starting at Pure Barre, but be prepared to be addicted!!
5	I started Pure Barre on March 30th, I am completely addicted! I have never seen faster results or had more fun doing it. The girls are amazing. The fact that I look forward to getting in my car and going, making new friends and meeting new faces while doing it, listening to awesome music, pushing myself harder each time due to the great motivation is all priceless! Trust me, its worth every penny. LTB!
5	Where to start??!  I love this place.  Every instructor I've had is fantastic; they are all encouraging and patient.  I feel like my form is corrected 15 times during some classes, but it's always in a positive way.   They somehow are VERY good at remembering names.. it's impressive.  The fellow classmates are always friendly, it really is just a great environment for self-improvement.  Although, I dare anyone to attend a few classes and NOT be tempted to go hit up Lululemon (or anything similar) for new gear.The studio itself is great.  It's clean and open and inviting.  There is an area for personal stuff in the back, no locker room, but a bathroom if you have to make a quick change after work, before class.  Most importantly, the workout!  It is tough.  After my first class I was sore for a good four days, but of course it's nice to know that your muscles exist.  :)  Some days I feel like I'm a machine, but Pure Barre always finds a way to bring me back to reality.  My legs shake like I'm standing on a fault line and I'm pretty sure some day I will fall over.. I guess that's what the barre is for.  Anyway.. I've been coming fairly consistently for almost two months, and I have seen tremendous changes in myself.  Every day after Pure Barre feels like a skinny day!  My arm muscles and collarbone are starting to poke out.. I've lost inches in my waist and arms; it's great to see actual progress.  And since the class is just 55 minutes and is very fast-paced, it's pretty easy to carve out time during the day to come to class.  I certainly don't experience the same level of dread as I do with the "regular" gym.It is expensive, but since I've been going, there have been deals and promotions to ease up on price.  At this point I'd rather pay for Pure Barre than continue to carry a gym membership to a place that I don't really like going.   If you're on the fence, give it a shot!  It'll win you over.
5	Pure Barre is an AMAZING workout. It can change your whole body. I've seen better results from 3 months of pure barre than I did from 3 months of half marathon training. I am fitting into clothes I haven't worn since college and I am down 2 sizes. It is challenging no matter how many times you've been to class. As your form improves the workout challenges you in new ways. The instructors are positive and genuinely nice. They help you with your form and give you personal attention in every class. I would recommend Pure Barre to anyone who is seriously committed to changing their body.
5	A great workout for toning, motivational instructors, and a schedule that fits yours!I am obsessed with this place! As much as you feel yourself getting stronger and leaner, the routine never gets easier. I have been attending since the end of March and the instructors always add ways to make the exercises more difficult to challenge your body every time! It is the perfect place for toning! I recently completed the 30-day challenge and was able to see a 4% body fat decrease (without focusing on dieting). My entire body has become leaner. The instructors will keep you coming back! And although I have my favorites, I haven't found one that I don't like. They all have great ways of motivating and challenging you to get the most out of your workout!Pure Barre is open 365 days out of the year and offers several times that can fit your schedule. I know, as my schedule has varied greatly over the past few months and I'm always able to find a time to go. Lastly, your membership applies to Chandler, Scottsdale and Phoenix locations!If you're new, definitely give the New Client Special a try ($100 for the month). I have been fortunate to run into several specials since starting at Pure Barre in March and have yet to pay the full monthly price.
1	Out of all the places in the Phoenix area who offer Barre classes, this particular Pure Barre location has to be the worst.  They have just ONE routine and it never varies.    They never ask at the beginning of the class if anyone is new or if anyone has any injuries they need to be aware of.  The cutesy 20-somethings who teach these classes make NO adjustments for their older clientele.  They expect a 63 year old to be able to do the exact same things that a 23 year old can do.  No one ever asked permission to touch me when making a correction either.  This is not cool at all.  I don't need some snippy instructor touching my pelvis or butt without asking permission first.  I would not go back after going 7 times and I would not recommend it to anyone I care about either.
5	I have tried just about every fitness fad that has come to town.  At 20 I weighed 195 lbs, I lost 70 lbs  over 3 years backs in my twenties but never gained any muscle tone.  I am now 45 years old and have finally seen results worth talking about.  I try to go 5 times a week.  It's not easy setting aside other activities but it is SO WORTH IT!!!  The instructors are amazing!!!  I love that they know your name and try to help you at least once in every class.  Veronica & Marirose are the owners and it is wonderful that they are sisters & best friends.  You can tell they truly care about each other and everyone that comes into their studio.  The studio just has great karma.  You walk in for your workout but crawl out.  It is an amazing workout program that gets results.  As soon as you leave class, you can't wait to go back.  I recommend this studio to anyone who wants to get results sooner versus later.#purebarrelife #lovepurebarre
5	What's not to love?! Best fitness class in the valley by far! I have never seen quicker results then I have with pure barre. And let's not forget about the fabulous ladies who teach the classes! Can they get any hotter?! :) talk about inspiration to hold that tuck just a little bit longer! LTB for life! Xo
5	Since I was accustomed to HIIT training, I was really hesitant to try pure barre at first. 9 months later, leaner than ever, and addicted to the burn, I can't get enough of Pure Barre Chandler. The instructors are always welcoming and energetic. The music puts me in the zone hitting the right BPM for all the different segments. And last, but not least the variation of exercises works muscles I've never felt before.I highly recommend taking at least 10 classes to get acclimated with the moves and to really start feeling the difference. LiftToneBurn!
5	I'm hooked! I've never been the type of person that wanted to work out but I figured I better start, like it or not. I didn't want the typical gym feel so I decided to try Pure Barre. I've actually been excited about going and look forward to the next class. I've taken class with Sara and Bryanna and they are both amazing. They keep you motivated and help you along the way. No one in class looks at you funny if you can't so something as well as they can do it. It's just a group of girls/women that are trying to better themselves, not to judge others. I'm in love!
5	This workout is addicting! Hardest workout I've ever done but super effective. With diet I lost more than 10lbs in 4 weeks. I love the energy from the music and the instructors and the personalized attention in class. I am leaner, stronger, and more confident than ever thanks to Pure Barre. It's a way of life now and I crave going to class. Highly recommend it!
4	I was looking for a group fitness place nearby home and from the reviews and the testimonials I decided to sign up.  Attended my first class this morning and not only was Trish very accommodating, she kept an eye out and helped me modify the moves so I could do them.  Wow was it difficult! I am still feeling it 3 hours later.  Very interested in getting better as I was only able to do about half of the moves for a quarter of the time I needed to.   So glad I found this place.
5	The first time I came here Maddy was at the front desk. I came here 20 mins before a class starting. She talked to me explaining to me it's a cross between high impact aerobics meets yoga meets Pilates meets ballet. Well with 20 mins to spare I bought an outfit (because I thought this was a juice bar) and I dove in with my two feet! Well....half way in class yes I did want to have a heart attack but I got through. I have a medical condition and all the instructors here will help you and make it work for you! They motivate you and make sure you get through each class. After three classes I saw immediate results. Everyone here is so nice and welcoming. If they don't know you they will ask you your name and will remember it! They have a great selection of workout clothes!!! Trust me lots of money has been spent here! They sell the most delicious smelling candles and adorable bracelets! If you're looking for a new workout look no further! All the girls of PBC will welcome you here
5	Love, love, love this place. Great , challenging workout ( be prepared to leave drenched in sweat and sore as hell) and very sweet and friendly staff. I have only been going for two weeks and I already see some positive changes in my body. My stomach is flatter than ever! I can't wait to see the results after a few months. Do not pay any attention to the review from the disgruntled 60 something woman - sounds like a professional complainer, and how are you supposed to improve and get the full benefit of the class if the instructors can't offer any correction? This is one of the most non- judgmental places I have ever worked out. The girls who work there are not snippy at all, on the contrary. They are supportive and encouraging. As for the other participants, during class everyone is so focused on themselves they don't have time to critique anyone else. Seriously - I am one of the most uncoordinated people ever and no one laughs.A few tips - wear socks with some sort of grip on the bottom( the do sell them in the lobby for $15) and yoga type workout clothes that you can move easily in but cover your midriff and legs( Capri length workout pants are ok, but no shorts. I doubt they want people's bare ass cheeks hanging out in the class). It's really warm in the studio most of the time so bring a towel and water.
