5	I am giving them 5 stars for not being a Starbucks. Bad Ass coffee is another chain but with only 2 locations in Arizona it still has its local charm. While I am not a hardcore coffee drinker I do love my frou frou frozen coffee drinks and Bad Ass has a good selection to please any taste. With flavors like Snickerlicious, Nutty Irishman, and Apple Pie their latte's  give you are great alternative to what we usually see within the city limits. The flavors are not dominated with a bitter coffee after taste but not too overwhelming that you forget what you are drinking alltogether. Another highlight is the fact that the blended drinks are actually blended- no chunks of ice waiting to ater down your last sips here! They are newly opened and even offer a drive through for those on the go. Try it and experiance something other than Starbucks- who knows you might actually like it!
5	My favorite spot for Coffee in town, I spent my financially unstable, irresponsible post college years loafing around at the mesa coffee shops and got used to a certain caliber of coffee that only true "barrista's" can make as opposed to the so called Starbucks Barrista's or Coffee artists or what ever the %*#@ their called make. I'm a fan of the snickerlicious or just the traditional mocha iced or hot, though lately I've got onboard the iced coffee train. everything I've had has been good quality, another interesting touch is coffee ice, if you order an iced drink they actually use frozen coffee cubes as the ice, so even when the ice melts it doesn't spoil your drink.they have a drive through and they're usually pretty quick,one of my friends that used to loaf around mesa with me always insists on going here when he's on my side of town. prices are reasonable, and they don't feel the need to blend italian and french nonsensical words as drink names just for the heck of it. good place to stop for coffee if you're in the area.
5	You want good coffee on the west side?  Go here.I saw this place the first time when I was in Hawaii... Kona to be exact.  Convenient, considering this wonderful little brand uses 100% KONA coffee... which to anybody who knows coffee, this is good stuff.  I got good coffee in Hawaii... and I got good coffee today.I ordered the 24oz iced Americano, put some cream and some Truvia... now THERE is a good iced coffee.  Starbucks, eat dirt, your stuff sucks compared to these guys.  And I'm not the type to diss Starbucks! My partner ordered a 24oz 100% Kona Blend iced.  Hers was just as good... not nearly as strong as the americano of course, but just as good!The nice thing about this coffee... no bitter coffee face!!  This coffee doesn't reach out and slap you in the morning like Folgers does... it's a nice smooth bold wakeup call that doesn't leave a nasty taste in your mouth. :)
4	I'm not much of a coffee drinker myself, but my wife is. Sometimes when she would go to starbucks, she'd bring one back for me.  Anyways, I drove by Bad Ass one day and told her we should give it a shot... you know? break the starbucks monotony.The first time we went, I made the mistake of getting a drink made with dark chocolate... Not bad... just not for me. I've never been a dark chocolate fan and it just made the drink really bitter to me... but I wanted to give them another chance. And I'm really happy we did.So far, I've had the one with pralines/honey... loved it.the one with coconut/macadamia... loved it.the one with white chocolate/tiramisu... loved it!A couple notable differences from starbucks that I really enjoy:- Bad Ass uses coffee cubes, not ice cubes! So your drink doesnt get watered down as the ice melts. Genius!- The price!! A regular 16oz drink runs about $3 at Bad Ass, compared to starbucks' $6... and military gets 25% off all purchases. My wife and I can get 2 iced coffees for 5 dollars and change. Can't beat that.My wife and I have recently caught ourselves sayin "Starbucks who?!"I'm definitely a fan.
4	Great service, good coffee, quick beakfasts and people watching all great elements for getting coffee!
3	Chain coffee shop that is much smaller than others I've been to such as the one in Salt Lake or the one in the Kona area itself.  Great that they offer 100% Kona by the cup, and it is priced fairly.  Plenty of parking.  Young teenage female employee wasn't exactly the most cheery person I've seen working retail such as a coffee shop.  "How are you doing?" and "Have a great day" were uttered, but they were very disingenuous in tone with a pouty face.  Bad day? Sorry.  Please don't make mine the same.
5	I love BADASS! I come here only a couple times per year when I am visting my brother since he lives up the street from here.I always get something iced and delicious.  They always have flavors such as various candy bars, and combined chocolate syrups. The one thing they do that I adore is that they make their iced coffee with ice cubes made of coffee, no more watery iced coffee! LOVE IT.I always will come to BADASS when I am travelling away from Boston to Surprise!
4	This place is near my daughters school, so we drove by to check it out. I got my norm, a non fat chai tea latte. It's hit or miss with chai lattes & this place was a definite HIT :) LOVED it! The shop itself is about the same size of most Starbucks shops & has lots of small tables with chairs. In addition to that I loved looking around at the decor while I waited for my order :) Sadly, they didn't have much merchandise to sell when I was there,,, maybe they restocked since then. I agree with some of the other reviews regarding the staff, definitely NOT morning people. Fortunately, their drinks are so good that even an "I don't really care" face could not make it any less yummy! The food was OK, not worth the wait. Next time I'm using the drive through. Did I mention they have a drive through?! Big plus :)
5	This is the place to go when you need and want real coffee. I have to drive by 3 *bucks to get to this location and do it all the time. Every time I come here I get awesome coffee and great service. The fact that you can join their club and earn a free coffee is a complete bonus! I love the coffee ice cubes because they don't water down my drink. Their coffee beans are very nicely priced and so are their drink. This really is the place where you know each and every time you come by you will get the best cup of coffee of your day.
5	Whether iced or hot BAC's Kona coffee is the best!  The entire staff is so friendly!  Thanks Chris & Pauline!
3	Was one of our favorite stops for a pick-me-up and breathe catcher. It is closed now and we are saddened by this fact. Will miss the location.
4	closed!!!
3	Unfortunately this place is closed. The last non-Starbucks in Surprise.
1	So sad it's closed!!!!
