5	Such a great restaurant.  Good food and ambience. For appetizers we had the hummus and the goat cheese.  For dinner the lobster lasagna with a side of spinach.  Everything was superb and the service was great too!  I plan on going back soon.
5	Excellent Food, Excellent ambiance, Excellent service!!!!  I would highly recommend lunch or dinner!!!
3	"progressive American cuisine, per azcentral.com.Sexy and NEW dining area.  VERY large.  Super-cool chic bar in the back.  Very well designed, and as I hope for all new restaurants, they succeed."how long you been open?" i asked"three days" responded one of the Olson twins they hired for hosteses (the pre anorexia Olsons)okay, so we had drinks and apps at a three day old restaurant.  very creative specialty drinks.  try one. Pimm's cup...a little too sweet, but the bartender/server was so beautiful, i would have drank a cup of mud from her.apps had flavor.  hummus was very yummy, and atop a nice crusty toast with arugula and prosciutto.service: pretty good (it's a new place). wanted to leave my wife for the beautiful bartender, but that would have been awkward.food: very creative apps, and i'll come back for dinnerbevies: it's the quarter.  full bar, GREAT wine list, average high end place pricesdecor: stunning (BTW, the men's restroom needs to be dusted, guys.  still has sheetrock dust on the tile ledge of the far urinal (disgusting word, urinal).three stars because my Pimm's cup needed more Pimm's, not quite enough bread for the cheese and fondu platter, wine was new (i saw them open it), and really needed to be decanted, and there was dust in the WC.but...the blond bartender / server who waited on the foursome, who were out on a scottsdale quarter bar hopping tour, call me (giggle)
5	Food was amazing! The grilled beef tenderloin was cooked perfectly rare for me. I especially loved the bleu cheese sauce. The black truffle hummus is delicious. But what I most loved was the Fromage - the crispy goat cheese was amazing. Crispy on the outside, warm on the inside. Perfection with the tomato marmalade.  Staff is incredibly friendly and happy. They all seem to genuinely enjoy working there. This type of service makes me want to come back. I appreciate that above all.The decor is stunning - very mod. I love the entire concept - from the branding to the interior design. It all meshes very well. I was digging the DJ too. Great mix of music. I have high hopes for Scottsdale Quarter's latest addition.Be sure to try the Lola Martini. Delicious.
5	Food is fantastic! This is going to be the restaurant at the Scottsdale Quarter that people will be talking about. Decor and ambiance are beautiful. I highly recommend going here for lunch or dinner with a large group or significant other. I ordered the pork chops and lobster ravioli. Great sized portions that were filled lots of flavor.
4	I've been her twice now in the last week.  The first visit was for lunch.  It was ok but nothing special. The oven roasted chicken with potatoes and broccolini was satisfactory.  I'd like to see more sandwiches on the lunch menu as an option.Thursday night after 9 PM at the back bar was great.  The space is not too large, not too small and a cool place to hang out and meet new people.I'd give them three stars for lunch and four stars for the back bar area at night.
5	Came in here Friday night with a friend just to check the place out and I was impressed. It feels warm and comfortable inside, like you wanna get the gang together and stay awhile. The girls at the front were super helpful in finding us a seat, although we ended up at the bar in the back. We ordered some edamame, steamed mussels and tempura shrimp. All three were great, but the dipping sauce for the shrimp was too sweet. We used the same sauce that came with the edamame for the shrimp. We met Frank, one of the owners who was a complete gentleman, and some of his friends also seated at the bar. Nice people, no wonder they are involved in this place. Like most places in this area, you see all kinds of people there and all kinds of outfits! People watching alone is worth a visit. But I will also go back for some of the dishes I saw being served. Everything looked great!
5	I highly, and I mean HIGHLY recommend the Ribeye dinner they have on their menu.  It is so huge, much bigger than I thought it would be.  Reasonable pricing too.  The service really was some of the best service that I have ever had while eating out.  Everything on the menu looks great and I just wish I lived closer to Scottsdale so I could try more on the menu.  I guess it will just have to come with time and when I have more meetings in that area!!  Everybody loved what they had (we had a decent sized group) and I heard amazing comments with zero complaints!  I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back, but seriously - TRY THE RIBEYE here!  so freaking yummy
5	Parc Central is fabulous and must be checked out. It's large yet very welcoming. When we first walked in, one of the owners actually gave us a tour. As a New York lover, I absolutely LOVED the large wall photos of Central Park, the unique artwork and the eclectic menu that reminds you of the tasty varietals of food that you can find in the Big Apple. Their menu includes unique cocktails (everything from absinthe to martinis to bloody marys) as well that I plan on going back to check out. I went for some appetizers with a girlfriend but they were both phenomenally tasty and went well with our wine: the goat cheese appetizer and the hummus. The goat cheese dish was delicious and I will order it every time (my favorite cheese). The hummus was different and yummy - made with garbanzo beans instead and combined with truffle shavings, it was delish. Our waitress was well versed in the menu and wines and made great recommendations. She even gave us a sample of a Greek white wine to pair with our appetizers. Parc Central also has multiple flat screens and private rooms. She told us that on the weekend nights they have a DJ. I cannot wait to go back and experience more of this restaurant! Do yourself a favor and check it out!
2	I went here after seeing all of the rave reviews.  While the restaurant was beautiful and the staff friendly, the food was awful. I ordered the garlic ribeye.  The steak was served cold and over cooked. The garlic coating tasted as if they had dumped a can of italian bread crumbs on the steak.  If you care more about food than being seen I would avoid this restaurant until they have more time to improve their food.
4	What a stunning space was the first thought in my head as we first entered Parc Central! With it high ceilings, sexy and sleek decor (as if Scottsdale needs more of that, right?), I hoped the food would at least match my first visual impression. It was a Tuesday evening, and early (about 6 pm). There were a few tables already seated and not many people at the front bar. Perfect, I thought, for my old high school friend in from Dallas and I to catch up. The restaurant started to get a little busier around 8 pm, and the noise slightly ratcheted up, but we were still able to have great conversation without speaking louder than our normal voices. Let's start with the drinks . . . The wine list takes up the entire back page of the menu and we started there, but then were persuaded by our server to try one of their specially mixed cocktails. She raved about the mixologist and how she could blend unusual mixers. I had the Lemon Tree which was so delicious I could have drank it like I was drinking iced tea . . . it was garnished with a very unusual cherry soaked in rum or brandy (what a confection)! My friend had the Park Central Harrington, a citrus-orange based concoction which I tasted and was equally as tasty as the Lemon Tree. Mind you, the cocktail prices are upwards of $11-$13, a little hefty in my opinion, but worth every savored sip! So far, our server has batted 1000. The appetizer and salad menu had so many interesting choices we had a hard time deciding. One of the most unusual items on the app menu is Welsh Rarebit. The cafeteria at our old school used to serve Welsh Rarebit and we had a good laugh about that being on the menu. I wanted to order it for old times sake, but my friend couldn't remember if she even liked it, so we passed. (Don't worry, I won't pass up the opportunity to go back and try it although I doubt our old cafeteria version had beer in the cheddar sauce.) Again, based on our servers recommendation, we chose the Parc Central Salad and the Crispy Tiger Shrimp Tempura. Both were beautifully presented. The salad was dressed perfectly and a nice size for sharing. The shrimp was out of this world delicious. I saw that one previous Yelper thought the sauce was too sweet. Hoisin sauce is always sweet (ever have Moo-Shu pancakes -- that's hoisin sauce!). We languished over ever morsel. The shrimp were huge - plump and juicy, and the tempura batter was crunchy -- just perfectly coated. Again, our server has batted 1000. The entrees ran the gamut from smaller hand helds (like mini-burgers) to larger portions of fish, beef, poultry and lasagna. It has something for everyone. My friend had the ahi tuna grinders which she enjoyed -- I didn't even get a taste :( -- which came with either shoestring fries or beet chips. She chose the beet chips, which came as a plentiful helping, more than enough to share. I opted for the Roasted Chicken Lasagna which our server described as more of an alfredo version of lasagna (no red sauce). The fact that it had truffle beurre blanc was the real selling point. What came on the plate was a deconstructed version of a lasagna. It was superb, but I was so full from the prawns and salad, I only had two bites and brought the rest home. My eyes are always bigger than my stomach, so I am always bringing home a doggie bag. However, the true testament to a great dish is being able to bring it home, heat it up in the mic and away from all the ambiance and distractions, and still love it. Sometimes it is even better when the flavors get to meld together a little longer. Another home run this afternoon for lunch!!! And just in case I was a little tipsy from the alcohol at dinner, I had my husband (who wasn't with us) try some for breakfast, and he was equally as pleased! So with all this batting 1000 and home run references, why didn't I give Parc Central 5 stars? They struck a nerve with my biggest pet peeve -- bringing out the entree when we weren't finished with our appetizers!!! A huge faux-pas in my book. But don't let that deter you from going to Parc Central . . . it was a great meal in fab surroundings. Also great for people watching -- my friend found it interesting that there were so many tables scattered about with groups of women dressed to the nines. I explained with three words -- "that's so Scottsdale". Now, that might deter you :)
1	As you enter, you will certainly be impressed by the stunning decor.  Unfortunately, that is the last and only thing that impressed anyone in our party.Service is appalling.  It took nearly an hour to get our waiter to take our dinner order, and that happened only because we threatened to light road flares to get his attention.  With wine in hand, we could have passed the time recreating the last supper, but were told that serving bread was something that the kitchen might start in the future.And while the attractive hostess who visited our table momentarily distracted us from the notion that the delay in preparing our ribeyes may have been caused by the chef chasing down the cow on Scottsdale Road to slaughter it, her asking "How was your meal?" only further showed that she too was clueless that we had not even been served our food.2 bottles of wine and 34 games of gin rummy later, our food arrived exactly two hours after we were seated.  All but two people at our table remarked that their food was ice cold (Those two said the food was luke warm).  The culinary frigidity was the one consistent thing in our dining experience.  Everyone wondered if the food prep area was in an alley behind the restaurant on the cold winter night which we dined.Unfortunately, it's not possible to offer an opinion on the taste of the entrees or dessert as, after biting into the ribeye-cicles, we got up and walked out.  We settled for pizza around the corner.  It was far less fabulous, but far more satisfying.  Most importantly, it was served piping hot in a mere 20 minutes.
1	Where do I begin with this HORRIBLE place? I have myself to blame as I did not heed JL's advice in his post.  We had the exact same experience, literally! We even went to Grimaldi's to actually eat!  Avoid this place at all costs! It is a disaster.! The owners and staff should be ashamed of themselves. They clearly do not know what they are doing and should close until they figure it out! No bread service? cold food? Clueless managers WTF!?  Do not ever go here!
3	I like any restaurant with two bars I mean come on!  Restaurant is definitely trendy cute with a nice private room in back.  And, its clientele  was very diverse.  The back bar had some live music happenin.... but service was NOT GREAT.  They are not smooth we had not one but two cracked glasses.  The menu is eclectic, the wine list limited.  For appetizers we had beef carpaccio which was good (with olives and I am not a fan of olives), fried goat cheese which was excellent, and my friend had vegetable tempura.  For dinner, free form lobster lasagna which was good not great, if there is a next time I  think I might try the chicken.  Also at the table the lamb chops and the filet, which were both said to be good.  No room for dessert.  It would be difficult for me to go back and pay theses prices for the overall experience.  So we arrive at the three stars.
3	It was open late so we strolled on in...I had gone in a looked at the menu one night after they had closed and was eager to check it out one night. Two days later I was back only to find out , the place is larger than first sight , with a second large bar in the back !! "Happy Hour" - notice the quotes, when you ask for the late night happy hour menu they hand you one , but look closer its simply a smaller menu, like physically on smaller paper but with the same items and prices.. dont be fooled.Black shirts-  The first night we had a pretty ok time , the little bartender chick" Desreie??" was fun and talkative, however I went in a few nights later with 2 coworkers, and oredered the Ophilia , my new fav cocktails( although its 13 bucks) took about 10 minutes,WE WERE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE BAR!!! we watched him just casually wander around forgetting what he was doing every two minutes and then my friends ordered bottled beer, which was" not stocked in the bar back here " so instead of simply going ten feet to get it , he uggested they just order something else. the were maybe three people at the tables in front and we were the only people in the back so he was not busy just extreamly lazy.Dishes- I had the brushetta like food, simply delish!Break it down Jess- I enjoyed my food and cocktail so much I was eager to go back as quickly as I could , however having been back with such poor service. I will not be returning or recommend it. which is super upsetting.It is beautiful to look at.
3	I have to agree, service was not great. Definitely think the staff needs more training and to actually try some of the things on the menu so they can give recommendations.  However, the food we had was fantastic! We will be back.
4	I just called the restaurant to reserve for 4 tonight and asked about the poor reviews.  I understand their broiler had broken down but they now have a new one.  Those with issues had ordered ribeyes...consequently the long wait as the broiler was broken.  This is not an excuse for poor service/communication but I do believe this restaurant has great potential for good food, service and longevity.  We went for dinner a few weeks ago and had superb service, food and overall experience.  We met the chef who was delightful and very commited.  The food industry is tough.  It is demanding and often produces slim profit margins.  We owned a catering business for years and understand the challenges and rewards.  We enjoy the variety of options in dining in Scottsdale/Phoenix and surrounding areas.  We try to experience as many as possible and when we find a good one, we promote it through friends and business associates.  We are anxious to find out if our experience at Parc Central tonight will warrant further raves.  We believe it will.
4	Went here for lunch last Friday and thought it was great.  From the outside it didn't look like they were open, but we went in to check it out.The inside is very nice and we were seated right away.  Their lunch menu is very nice and has a wide selection.  It seems very similar to The Greene House across the street at Kierland.I had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Salad and was very impressed.  I initially thought that it would be a boneless skinless breast sliced on top of the salad, but was very happy to see that it was grilled, on the bone, chicken.  The dressing was great and the portion size was perfect.  While there I saw several of the other entrees and will definitely be going back for more.Downside - They need to get rid of the few wicker chairs that they have.  I had the unfortunate luck to be seated in one of them and they were the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever sat in.  Luckily there aren't very many of them, so they should be easy to avoid.
3	Went for lunch.  Cute place. Very hip, long bar with comfortable seating and a piano in the back room with an additional bar. It's a lot bigger than I expected it to be. It has good light, and feels modern, yet warm. It's not garishly loud.The drink concoctions are very different and for that, I like them.  They aren't your sugary sweet confections that bestow an instant migraine.  They will put some hair on your chest for sure.  We had the hummus which we both enjoyed. It is very creamy drizzled with truffle oil. The only thing I would change are the toast points it comes with are over peppered and over cheesed. Too much of a good thing just doesn't work sometimes. A simple olive oil toast would be perfect. (for me at least)  Also had the 'fish of the day' which was a white fish of some sort...grouper, i think.  The fish itself was delicious.  It was just a little overkill on the amount of sauce.  It was pretty salty and very garlicky.  Not a first date dish at all. lol.  Everything else was good. I liked the smashed purple potatoes. I saw someone order a salmon salad that looked really good.  I may just have to come back and try that.
4	After drinking a bunch of delicious coffee at Press Coffee Roasters, my mom and I stopped by here for lunch.  Large, modern restaurant - but it was after the lunch rush so it wasn't very busy.  We both had the ahi sliders, which were delicious. Sesame crusted was seared just right (ie not cooked) with a tasty teriaki glaze and asian slaw.  The shoestring fries were good, but the beet chips were delicious. Good enough that you would come here just for the beet chips.  And I don't even eat beets.  They were sweet, salty, and savory with a perfect crisp.  How have I never seen these anywhere else?  Overall, very good, and the staff was friendly and not pretentious.
3	Well other than the cutesy spelling of "Park" (nails on a chalkboard to this grammar Nazi) this is a pretty nice place.  I had lunch here recently, and despite the small frontage the restaurant is HUGE.  I think about 8 of 300 tables were occupied.The menu is pretty diverse, and I had the hamburger which was well-cooked.  However, the guacamole just didn't fit and I think sliced avocado would of tasted better.  It was just too much mush and salt. The beet chips were wicked awesome and I should of put some on the burger to add crunch.My coworker ordered the pork chop, but for some reason he asked for it medium/med rare (you don't have to be clairvoyant to know how this turned out).  Once he sent it back and had it cooked properly he said it was excellent.I'm not sure how this place will fair, as it's tucked back slightly on the north side of Scottsdale Quarter and will need to move a lot of chow to pay the lease.  It's a bit pricey for what you get ($14 burger) and has a lot of eatery competition.  I don't feel they quite nailed it on the decor and concept.  Perhpas if they get a HH crowd (nice large patio) which will probably depend on some better specials as all the cocktails seemed north of $10 and some appetizers over $15!Bathrooms were unimpressive.  Every establishment from this day forward will get a bathroom commentary but I will not add or take away stars...unless it's particularly baller or disgusting.
3	Service needs attention.  I want to like the place and hope they make it.  There's a lot of potential but the staff is young and not well trained.  On a busy night the staff is overwhelmed.  If I want music and a club atmosphere I'll go to a bar but when I go to a restaurant for dinner I don't want loud music.  The weekend music is loud and seems Parc is trying to cater to everyone - those that want dinner and those that want a bar.  When I'm in the area and going to a movie at iPic, I'll give Parc another try but wouldn't rush back.  I just hate paying a lot of money for mediocre service.
5	Excellent Food & Service.  I had the beef tenderloin - The best steak I have ever had - "So Very TENDER" - It blows away Ruths Chris & Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse unless you like tough meat.  The banana desert was pure heaven and not too sweet.  I will return again to order the tenderloin.  Wait staff were excellent, friendly and courteous.
4	I went here for the first time on a Sunday to discover they do not have a Happy Hour on Sunday. That was confusing especially when it was empty. Great staff and the drinks were awesome. I had the Hummus - which was amazing, made from a white bean instead of chick peas. It had truffle oil and yummy cheese crisps. I was happy. The decor was nice and a great location. I hope they do well!
2	Very expensive and the service was not very good. I won't be back.
4	This is a beautiful, new restaurant in Scottsdale Quarter.  The decor is chic, the service was great and the food was delicious!  I highly recommend checking this place out.
5	Our favorite new restaurant! Servers, Bartenders, GM, Chef are AMAZING. Have tried every item on the menu and not a complaint about any of them! Amazing Happy Hour with tons of items. The Beet Chips & Black Truffle Hummas are an absolute MUST. Nick one of the Bartenders doesn't forget what you drink! Ralph the GM goes out of his to make your experience the best it can be! Can't forget Jodi one of the servers!! Don't walk by this restaurant, walk right in and they will make you feel like you are "home"....We haven't missed a Friday night here since they opened.Fabulous location for a private party, room in the back that can close off from the rest of the restaurant, service was impeccable, food was out of this world, they went over and above to make our group of 14 very comfortable as well as the birthday girl turning 80!
5	I always love it when new restaurants come to town - makes me giddy with excitement to see if it will be a place that I can call home. I had heard about Parc Central for a few months from friends who talked about their amazing Happy Hour and the live bands that play Thursday - Sunday. Needless to say, I was super excited to go check out this place in the Scottsdale Quarter. Just like the name suggests, Parc Central's ambiance and surroundings are inspired from Central Park - down to the swanky lounge atmosphere with unabashed New York City glamor set against Arizona's desert landscape. I was blessed to sit on their patio and enjoy a cool spring evening. Before I sat down though, I checked out both bars (that's right - 2 bars!), their private dining room, and of course the restrooms - I admit, I am always curious to see how they are decorated.I saw the glorious Wine Wall and thought I died and went to Heaven. Do you think they'd let me move in?First up was the City Garden - which was a bubbly blend of cucumber vodka, peach schnapps, champagne, and lime. Two of my favorite ingredients (champagne and lime) in one drink - sign me up! Ok, I might have had two... but shhhh, our secret. I was happy to be there with my partner in crime, J.E. Pizarro with Foodies Like Us as we tried some of their Happy Hour menu. I have to say, that I was pleasantly surprised by the offerings, but also, about the prices. They sure know what Happy Hour means! The evening started out with a bowl of crispy beet chips. I need to state for the record that I *hate* beets. Seriously do. Well, let's just say, I love beet chips! Wow. I almost ordered a second bowl. We then shared the Prime Beef Carpaccio that came with Kalamata olives, salty capers, fresh arugula, and a tangy dijon vinaigrette for $6. Look at all meat on this plate! The Carpaccio was full of flavor and the arugula accented the beef beautifully. Next up was the Fromage and Charcuterie Board, complete with figs, stuffed olives, and artisan crackers. If you don't know this about me by now - I love cheese. So anytime I can order a meat and cheese board, I'm on it. It came with three different types of meat and cheeses - I was in carnivore heaven! Hmmm prosciutto... For dinner, J.E. chose the Grilled Lobster Lasagna and it came with a ton of lobster on top and on each layer. It was made with fresh-made lasagna noodles, fontina, baby wilted spinach, and buerre blanc. I kept asking for bites of this dish so I could taste the layers of flavors in this dish. I had never thought to put lobster into a lasagna and would definitely recommend this dinner to any seafood lover. This was paired with Sterling's Sauvignon Blanc - the dryness of the wine brought out the rich flavors in the sauce. I have had a lot of steak over the years... it is by far my favorite dish. This is the first time I have had one with Boursin Cheese melted on top of it. This Bousin Cheese Crusted Ribeye is my new bff. A succulent, juicy ribeye drizzled with a truffle sauce as the Boursin cheese lends this steak a remarkable flavor. It is really hard to describe. I just know I want it again! The ribeye was coupled with au gratin potatos and a wild mushroom-asparagus ragout. I paired this beautifully with Rosenblum's Zinfandel - the richness of this wine balances well with the robustness of the ribeye. Match made in foodie heaven I tell ya.What was cool about this night was that I had an assortment of friends join me over a few hour period. None of them had ever been to Parc Central before and I was happy to make the introduction. The servers here are so freaking nice and attentive, I was stunned - was I really in Scottsdale? One thing that Parc Central could improve upon is to have more gluten-free choices, or better yet, a whole gluten-free menu. One of my friends had a hard time with the menu because of his severe food allergies.Call today to make reservations - you won't regret it. They do take walk-ins, but why chance it? This is a great place to bring your client for lunch, a perfect place to celebrate your birthday, and a romantic dinner setting for your anniversary. On a first date? Pony up to the bar and relax with one of their signature Martinis. To read the review on the blog complete with photos: http://bit.ly/l6PfmP
3	Saturday night Reservations, we were seated right away no wait. It took about 6 minutes to get water, and another 5 to order our drinks. We ordered the fried goat cheese for the appetizer, which was very tasty. The Salmon with sliced avocado on the side which I thought was odd, but was good but nothing to brag about. Overall I was expecting more from this place.
5	This place has the best hummus ever!!!  I love it. The make it with truffle oil and Cannellini Beans.It gives the dish a really creamy texture that is sure to please. It comes with little Parmesan toasts, and the new summer menu will have fresh cucumbers with it - which gives it a whole new dimension.  The Lemon Tree is a pretty awesome cocktail on the Happy Hour menu - nothing says "love" like half off drinks!Try the happy hour weekdays only and get it half off appetizers and cocktails.
5	Been here at least a half dozen times now, usually just for drinks and appetizers, and always a good time, good vibes, good service, and good food. Likes:* Appetizers - they have AWESOME appetizers. I'm a big fan of the hummus, the goat cheese, the crispy tiger shrimp and the canapes. I do have to say I did have the mussels once too and they weren't all that fresh, I probably wouldn't get them again.* Drinks - great cocktails, super cool bartenders that are chatty, personable and know how to make a proper drink, and a decent selection of wine by the glass & draft brews.* Ambiance - nice but not pretentious* Location - I work in the Quarter myself, so perhaps I'm biased but I think its a cool locationAn added bonus is that they're great with hosting big functions - we have company happy hours here all of the time, and they don't screw it up like a few other places in the Quarter always seem to manage to do. They have private dining areas, they can section off the back bar for you, they're very accommodating to groups. I'll be back soon I'm sure.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I know a couple of the investors and I wish they succeed in this new venture, however, there needs to be a lot of changes.  I met a girlfriend for lunch.  She used to manage a very famous restaurant in Dallas (that restaurant has been featured on Food Network a few times).  The food was sub par, I had a chicken and brie salad.  They put two uneven slices of brie on top of a pile of lettuce and a few pieces of shredded chicken, extremely bland.  My girlfriend had a pasta dish, she noticed that the mushrooms were canned ones, she told me it was a good thing she likes canned mushrooms (who knew).  Also, the asparagus ends were not trimmed, so the tough part was still on.  we decided to share a desert.  Wow, that was something, an not in a good way.  We ordered the bananas foster crepes. It was supposed to have whipped cream on top.  The cream had been beaten to death, so it was butter.  Don't get me wrong, I love butter, I could be Paula Deen's daughter, or at least a niece, but butter has its place.  Inside the crepes, the bananas were so oxidized that it looked like a chia pet.  You know when you peel a banana and leave it out it not only turns brown, but after a while it gets kind of fuzzy and mealy.  Well, that is what was inside.  I don't think I will be back, even if it is another invite from a friend. By the way, we asked to see Dave the manager, my girlfriend wanted to help out and make some comments on how to improve some things.  Our server told us he was too busy, really??? the restaurant was almost empty.  Not cool.
4	Ok, went here last week after seeing a show at iPic.   Loved this place.   There was a very nice patio we sat on that was very well serviced by our waiter.   Wifey and I ordered and shared the mussels and the lobster lasagna.  Both extremely well executed.  The only knock against them is that they made my wife's dirty martini waaaayyy too dirty.  They either could not be subtle with the olive juice, or they're taking the order way too seriously.   Overall, I love the decor and vibe the place had, and our party closed the place down and stayed way too late without a single bit of attitude from the staff.   Whatever bugs they had from the earlier bad reviews they must have worked out.   I'll be back!
4	I went to Parc Central for lunch this weekend at the Quarter. I loved the look and feel, especially the wood used throughout. Our waiter was very nice. Since I am so picky, I just ordered some chicken tenders and shoestring potatoes. The chicken was great and the shoestring potatoes were ok. I was hoping for them to have a little more to them, like fries, but they were more like chips - which I didn't really love. Looking forward to going back and trying something else.
4	I don't think it's the most impressive cuisine, nothing too outside the box, but the food is still pretty good. The service was amazing and the vibe was lively. It's definitely my favorite spot for drinks and small plates at Scottsdale Quarter. My friends and I all had a wonderful time on the patio one night. Couldn't have asked for a nicer waitress or better table.
4	Myself and 2 other people had dinner here Friday night.  It was about 7:30 and the place was pretty crowded but not totally packed.  I've never been here before so I made a reservation earlier in the day but I don't think we needed one.  Better safe than sorry I guess.Everything about this place screams coolness.  From the decor to the waiters to the people there.  The place is pretty swank but not so over the top that it is a turn-off.  Anyway, it is a super cool and chill place to hang.As for the food, here is what I tried:* Black Truffle Hummus = I thought this was just ok.  You could definitely taste the truffle but I found the truffle/hummus combination a bit odd.* Panko Crusted Goat Cheese = Also ok but nothing special.  Basically just fried balls of goat cheese.* Grilled Wedge = This was excellent and unique.* Parc Central Burger = This was tender, juicy and delicious.  It was perfectly cooked and of a decent size.  The fries were also very good.This place is a bit pricey but not too over the top.  Everything was quality and combined with the "coolness" factor it was worth it.  I don't know why this place needs it, but I would definitely recommend getting a Local Dines gift certificate (http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ) to save a few bucks.
4	Had an office lunch here last week and boy was I impressed.  The first thing I always look at - even when I am not drinking - is the cocktail list.  If a place cares about their cocktails, then they must care about their food.  This is, I think, the first place in Scottsdale I have seen a cocktail (actually several) listing Absinthe on its list.  Boom - I am impressed.  Plus all these beauties are actually included in the happy hour deal - not like some places where you get the crappy Sky vodka or Absolute cosmo for 5 bucks but the better drinks are still 12.  Anyway - love them for that.  The place is super cool, I love NYC and the huge art on the wall showing central park definitely got me in the mood.  The bathroom even smelled like the tropics - I felt wierd coming back t the table and saying to my work mate - "oh my god, you have to go to the bathroom - it smells so good in there!"  ha ha!!I had the blackened salmon salad - forget the menu name.  A touch over cooked, more on the side of full medium as opposed to medium rare, but the salad dressing (passion fruit) was lovely.  The beet chips are amazing for sure.  I definitely want to go back for happy hour and try that black truffle hummus and a fun cocktail!  So far my favorite place tof all the new joints in the Quarter.
1	WenT to Parc Central about 2 months after they first opened with 2 other friends. We sat in the bar area while the band played. The men in the bar area were all sitting on the edge of their seats acting like they were in a strip club as they flirted with the female vocalist who danced sexily around.Our waitress was young, dumb and lacked any training. We ordered 3 cocktails and she brought back two. My mojito was the missing drink, so she left and came back about 30 minutes later and said thAt the bar was out of mint. By this time I was so dehydrated, I asked for a glass of water and a martini just to make her job as simple as possible.When she finally returned with my drinks, we had to beg her to tAke our dinner order. We had already been there an hour and the place was packed. Everybody else seemed to be eating but us.The first three things I ordered, they were out of! (including their signature lamb chops and the fish special!). My friend ordered the lobster lasagna which we were told by the staff was amazing.  (it wasn't!)  The rolls that were brought to the table were cold, hard and had no butter or oils for spreading on them.Our food was brought out after a very long wait and wasnt even hot. The lobster was tough and over cooked. The sauce was bland. My friend refused to eat it and the waitress could've cared less. Dirty dishes piled up on our table...water glasses sat empty and never got refilled, even after asking for more water and finally a waitress from another section came over, apologized and cleaned up our table as she headed out from ending her shift!!!Our bill arrived and for $140 dinner bill, I would have expected either better food or better service, but got neither.
2	I have been very excited to try all the restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter. After looking at all the restaurant's menus I decided to start at Parc Central. BIG MISTAKEI went with my mom on a Friday at around 6pm. We walked in and were immediately greeted by a very bubbly woman at the front. She handed us off to another gentleman to lead us to our table. I was able to sit but he stood in front of my mother's chair as he was listing the specials, so she had to stand next to him during his entire spiel. A little strange, but alright. The next part is what really irked me. When our waiter came to take our drink orders he was very friendly and warm and made lots of eye contact. As soon as we revealed we weren't ordering wine or a cocktail you could tell he was almost less excited to be our waiter. Then when we ordered our food and didn't order any of the dishes that were 35+ dollars he almost dismissed us. He refilled our waters pretty consistently but he said maybe 3 words to us after that. He never smiled and never made eye contact after taking our orders. Just because we weren't having the most expensive dinner doesn't mean that you can treat us poorly. It wasn't like we were looking to buy the cheapest things on the menu. We just ordered salads and water! Not abnormal.Side note: I had the Parc Central Salad (Field greens, walnut-whole grain granola & strawberry-brie dressing). It was fantastic. Very fresh and light and refreshing.
