5	awesome prices and great hours. walmart is always dependable!
2	I try to avoid this particular store unless I can run in and get what I need and go through the self check out.  The lines are always incredibly long, the customer service is nonexistent and there is a general attitude of apathy.  Shelves in the grocery section often have gaping holes.
1	Ok, ok, everyone knows it is Wal-Mart and you aren't going there for the quality. Even so, it is a good place to get cheap stuff cheaply, so long as you have an hour to spend waiting in line.However, this may be the last time we go there for fresh produce. Or at least tomatoes. They were out on display but looked half rotted. And they were completely covered with either ants or fruit flies- we didn't look closely enough to be sure but it was obvious that they weren't being cleared out or attended to at all.
2	Always a nightmare to cash out here.
2	This is the first time in many years I have stopped here.  I did at one point have some exceptional customer service the one time I needed help but overall I just don't care for this location as well as a couple of others.  Today the check out was more trouble than it needed to be and the person manning the self check was just sort of kicking back and not helping those who needed it and she only had one of the four check out points operational to cover.
1	This Walmart is horrible! Been here about 5 times and all 5 has been a horrible experience! You will be very lucky to only be in line for 15min, lines are always long and there's maybe a total of 6 check out stands open.. Not going here again!
3	Check out the wal-martians, they are a plenty...Otherwise it is a pretty good Walmart, and it seems to be cleaner than some of the other Walmarts in the valley.
4	Store is fairly new and much bigger and cleaner than our nearest location on Bethany Home. We drive the extra distance to go to this location. Customer service seems to be good and if you go early in the a.m. it is usually not busy at all.
4	I have experienced the lines in this store about a year ago. Now i get out of here super quick. And almost everytime i come they have something on clearance. Thank you for opening more register walmart.
5	Now we know that Walmart is about low prices so I didn't come in expecting Nordstrom.  With that said, I did enjoy shopping here today.  Here's what it was like:*  The store was clean, the stock straight on the shelves, & it looked as if they had everything they carry, right there ready to go.*  They had exactly what I wanted to buy & hoped Walmart would carry.  It was easy to find in the store area where I guessed to look for it, & it was priced nice & low.     :-)*  Checkout was fast & my cashier was completely friendly!To me, this Walmart was running exactly right for the type of store it is.     :-))
2	I love the fact that Walmart is always open; however, the convenience is not worth it if I have to experience the environment at this Walmart. My wife and I visited this location around 9 p.m. on a weeknight  in order to pick up a couple DVDs we've been wanting to watch. The first issue we had was the construction in the parking lot blocking a big section of the parking. It wasn't a huge deal, but it did darken a big portion of the lot, causing the area to feel a little unsafe. It's by no means a deal-breaker, but it is nice for businesses to have more secure, welcoming environments. When we walked into the store, we could tell right away that it was not going to be easy to find the movies we wanted. Before we even made it past the cash registers, we could see random products abandoned on random shelves in the wrong areas or even on the floor. The first impression given by the store is disarray or chaos. The electronics department was even worse. There was almost no organization to it, except for a few signs that were mislabeling the movie genres. We couldn't tell if our comedy movies were sold in the store, or really if any comedy movies were sold since there wasn't a sign , so we asked one of the employees in the electronics department. Without looking at the inventory database, she said they probably don't have the movies. I asked her where I could find the comedy films, and she pointed me to a section that happened to be for TV shows and children's movies. We never found the comedy section.Honestly, with a little organization and tidiness, this store could have earned another two stars. I just hope it was an off night for the store and not the norm.
1	Every time I go there is empty shelves throughout the entire food section no matter when I go... have talked to managers so much about this they know me by name now, still not stocked as any busy store should be...
2	The store is always messy. In our area has a high rate of crime. Walmart needs to take a more proactive approach when dealing with the crime and the mess. Also have more people work the return desk
2	First off there was only a couple registers open, everyone of them with a line 5 yards long.  I finally pick one that does not seem that bad.  Well the man that was being rang up was a member of this stores management...just standing there taking his sweet time chatting up the cashier.
3	Lack of order and minimal patience is not a good combination walking into the neighborhood Superstore
2	So seriously, people should lower their expectations if they shop at Walmart. I really avoid these stores, since I feel they kill the American dream with all their made in China crap and corporate, nobody cares about you as a customer attitude. Sometimes I am forced to go and assist my older mother shopping and I have to say although I hate it, this is not the worst Walmart ever. It is clean, just don't buy produce here (half rotten or rots within days), and really don't expect it to be a fun experience, this is freaking Walmart. For the few pennies you save, the service and atmosphere suffer. At least this location keeps things organized, not like the other location on 19th and Bethany home, what a nightmare. Tip: Go super early if you go on the weekend, like 7am and you will not have to deal with lines, crowds and the shelves are usually freshly stocked. Just take some hand sanitizer, it is Walmart after all.
1	You can never expect too much when shopping at any Wal-Mart. Of course like always I test ro figure out why I didn't go to target.  Fun fact!  Wal-Mart sits on a old mall and a movie "eight legged freaks" was filmed there before they tore it down. This Wal-Mart is like all the others dirty... unorganized... occasional rude workers.
