5	I cried upon leaving this store. Why do you ask? Because I couldn't afford the Campers pumps, the quirky open-toed flats - beige with UFO burgeondy disks, or the sexy but walkable soft-leather turquoise heels. Oh, and let's not forget to mention the exitable jewelry and accessories (no really, they make you feel all happy and exited). So, I can't afford this stuff - not because it's over-priced, but due to foolish career moves. Pavement makes me wish that I had more money. That I became a selfish, stingy capitalist so I can lavish my fortune on these wonderful items. Of course, shortly after these purchases, I'd realize my wicked ways and become a community activist. All the while, I'd be defending civic rights in my cute little shoes.Pavement Shoes - I love you.
5	I don't have a very big shoe budget, but if I did, I am sure a good chunk of it would go to this store.  Great owners, impeccable design, quality shoes, and a great variety.  Want to stand out from the crowd?  Pavement can help!
4	I'm compelled to write a review of pavement shoes because the other two reviews complain about the prices - I actually found pavement's prices to be very reasonable, considering what these shoes go for in other stores.  They also have a selection of "cheaper" shoes that are just as funky.   A nice selection of handmade and locally made jewelry too.Also - it must be said - when it comes to shoes, you get what you pay for.  If you're only going to wear them for a season, payless shoes may be the place to go.  But if you're looking for an investment pair of boots or heels that will last more than a few months, I'd say give pavement a chance.Also, I got a pair of cydwoq shoes from pavement for half price just before x-mas 2008 - so they do have sales.  I'd always wanted a pair of cydwoqs, but they're certainly out of my price range - I was stoked to find them for so cheap!
5	Pavement is amazing! I wanted to try on everything in this little boutique, especially the shoes, and ultimately I had a hard time deciding what to buy. The carefully selected inventory appealed to my indie sensibilities without being overly precious or trendy. There's also a nice assortment of locally made jewelry. Love it.
4	this was my first pavement experience, and i was pretty impressed. prices are totally reasonable and there are tons of cute items. however, there were definitely some total duds in terms of wearability and price. $40 for a t shirt? no thanks. but that was an anomaly for sure.additionally, service is kind of laissez faire. i walked out with a pile of clothes, but my pittsburgher friend said that she never buys things there because she always feels ignored by the sales staff. i can see that; it was definitely not the friendliest or most helpful service.
4	Oh Pavement. You broke me. For years I flirted with the very dangerous habit of shoes; always looking and never touching for fear I would cross the line of wearing shoes to being worn by shoes if I ever strayed from my Converse. You see how something wrecks havoc on your friends' lives (Discover card bills, overflowing shoe racks, three hour detours to the Coach outlet store) and you hope you're strong enough to avoid it, but ultimately, you're not. Pavement, with its dark walls, country-chic charm, garment racks of artsy frocks and lines of boots pumps and sandals delivers on all promises of helping you find express your stylish and quintessentially feminine side. Part of what flipped my brainswitch from, 'I want it' to 'I need it,' was seeing shoes that I haven't seen anywhere else; for me that makes Pavement a standout boutique. I went in there, fell in love with some grey motorcycle boots and three months later, when I was still thinking about them ("They're so...grey?!"), I finally went back and bought them. Having merchandise that haunts you is also the mark of a good boutique.And here's the thing, the stuff is expensive, but it's not second-mortgage-on-the-house expensive (I'm looking at you Louboutin). You're going to pay $150 - 250 for a pair of boots or pumps, but let's be honest: you're going to wear them forever and love them every time you do. The small selection of clothes and jewelry are cute, and you might want to throw a bangle or two in your bag, but in the end they're just not as spectacularly satisfying as the shoes.
5	I can tell a clothing boutique has a great selection when it's ultra tiny, yet I always manage to aquire a crap load of clothes to try on!This place has the cutest most unique selection of shoes but also surprisingly has some great up and coming indie designer clothing!  I love a store that has a nice dress selection, and this place definitely does!  They also have a great selection of coats.  Since it's cold for about 10 months out of the year here, you must get a "hot" coat to wear!  They've got quite the selection of coats and cold weather gear like gloves, hats and scarves.  It also pleases me and my wallet to see a good size sale rack.  I know I'm getting quality shoes and clothes here, but it is a little pricey at times.  I know that's to be expected for a boutiqe and it doesn't bother me too much considering I still go there!  I just carefully select from my pile of clothes and shoes!I also found some killer MIz Moose boots here!  It was love at first sight as soon as I saw the line of bottons going up the side of them.   They seemed as if they were straight out of a Jane Austen novel.  Minus the 4 inch heels.  Killer!  Love them, plus I know they'll last!  I also know it's a great place when I have to force myself to stay away when the wallet is feelin a little tight.  Don't fear, I'll be back as soon as I get paid!
5	As I walked into Pavement...breathing in the well-made clothes and shoes, refined rustic country decor and quirky accessories, I quickly thought "wait, am I in New York?"I mean this in the best possible way. Pittsburgh is way cooler than people give it credit for (well, you all know that in Pittsburgh, I'm just agreeing with all of you!). Pavement is high quality, best of the best in boutique class.First off. THE SHOES. Holy heavens...quality rich leathers in all sorts of beautiful colors and shapes and sizes. This is where you come to buy shoes that you'll WEAR. A lot. Shoes that go with everything. Boots that make people turn their heads. And unfortunately for me, price tags that made my mouth drop a bit. Not that I find them to be overpriced, just out of MY personal price range for the day. C'est la vie, I'd know where to find them when the money hit and I needed t foot fancy fast. As Rachel mentions, it's a carefully culled lineup of clothing...and usually that means I find 1-2 things I "might" like. Well, I ended up trying on 7-8 things, and coming out with 3 "YES!" items. A black striped cotton half-dress with ruched sleeves ($36), a orange/cream print maxi dress that is perfectly flattering for an end of summer wedding ($68) and a bird dress that I talked myself out of, but someone please go scoop it up. SO cute. Their accessories range from cheap ($14 sunglasses, $16 fedoras with feathers) to pricier local designer pieces. If shopping for a gift, this is a surefire hit with the ladies. (hint, gents). Go!All in all, just exactly what you want out of a boutique. Friendly, comfortable, classy and a little bit quirky to keep things real. I'm a huge fan.
4	Oh, squeal! I literally wanted to call up the closest crane and take this little gem (all contents included) and back hme with me. And I believe I've found the most perfect new location for it... my closet!Amazing dresses with unique patterns and some adorrrrrable jewelery. And, OH THE HATS. I wish I was stylish enough to pull off headware on a regular basis. Scarves, shoes, tops... Eeeee! Just loved it all.The beauty of it is, although each piece in there is stylish (stylish to me sometimes translates to unwearable for a midwestern gal like me), the earth tones and earthy colors lining the walls of this place are totally practical for day-to-day wear even for my nutty daily un-routines.For my next trip though, I'll opt out of an expensive lunch to splurge in here. Who needs food when you can buy cute shoes, right?!
4	When I'm looking for boots (or shoes in general) they must satisfy three requirements:- be sexy (but not dangerous - not trying to need a walker to get around!)- comfortable (like can run 2 miles if chased by a vampire)- well made (don't wanna see strings, or chunks of fake leather)I went to Nordstrom yesterday and could not find a single pair!  So sad, given that they had a boatload of boots on display.  I walked by Pavement and there in the window was the perfect pair of Miz Mooz!  For a second, they were not sure if they had my size (8.5? 9? isn't that kind of popular?) but then the gods smiled on me and they brought out a pair in black.  I put them on and it was like we were old friends.  So I wore them home and showed them off all day (I mean stretched them out so I'd have room for my skinny jeans!).  I have to admit, I didn't really look at anything else.  I had tunnel vision for the boots.  Still, I know they had cute stuff, you can tell by how cool the shoes are!Definitely worth checking out!
3	Really cute store, although I would say that it's not totally my type of style, I can still appreciate it's uniqueness.  There were some really cute accessories and I loved alot of their shoes.  The shoes were a bit out of my price range at $200+ but I still participated in longing looks and sighs of desire on these really amazing boots they had.  I think it all depends on what you like, but it's really not me.  There are other boutiques I'd go to before this one.
5	I haven't lived in the 'burgh for over 20 years, have been to boutiques in a lot of places and Pavement is, by far, my favorite clothing store.  Pavement has one of the best varieties of shoes and clothing I've ever seen.  Yes, some of the shoes and clothes are pricey; this is not exclusively the case. This is because the shoes, the cute skirts and the dresses are well-made.  The clothing selection is eclectic and specializes in emerging designers and eco-friendly, sustainably made products. As a life-long shoe/boot fetishist (in the best sense!),  I can testify that you get what you pay for.   Every time I wear a piece purchased from here; it becomes a conversation.  I noticed that some folks have commented about customer service.  This may have been a problem in the past, but I haven't had this experience.  Alissa (the owner) and Erin are wonderful; they know their merch and are honest.  I'm living in Boston this year, have called the shop about items featured on the Facebook page and have always been led in the right direction.While you might not be able to walk out in your bags brimming with merchandise, I guarantee you that you'll be complimented for your style sense if you buy something from Pavement.  Isn't that worth a visit?
5	Went to Pavement last week looking for a dress for a wedding.  The owner was very helpful. After trying on about every dress in the store (because there were so many awesome options) I decided on one.  The dress was about $50 and looked fantastic!  I was impressed with the high level of customer service and the fantastic selection.  I will certainly return.
4	I went into Pavement for a little retail therapy last week, and I was very impressed with the selection.  This small boutique boasts a great variety of clothes, jewelry, shoes, bags, and accessories.  The jewelry selection was very unique... so much so that my boyfriend was intrigued ("Hey! Whoa! Look at this bracelet with the thing and the other little thingy...").  There were some interesting graphic tees, skirts, and dresses.  I liked a few things, but I decided on a great pair of high waisted shorts for $46.  I tried on similar shorts at Nordstrom and Free People for $80+.  I'll definitely be coming back to Pavement...likely to find dresses to wear for the countless weddings I'll be attending this fall.
5	Dear loving LORD I enjoy this place more than I should, because my wallet just can't and shouldn't...But I always end up finding great items.   Pricey, but not for the boutique style.  The women who work it are always quite lovely.  The shoes are gorge.  Try googling if you find something you love; you may find it cheaper.  I love supporting this boutique, though, so I will always return.
5	One of the few locally-owned boutiques in Pittsburgh proper for new women's clothes, period.  It's just a bonus that the selection is a well-curated mix of independent designers.  The shoe collection is full of well-made leather gems--and the shoes will all run you a couple hundred dollars.  The clothing and jewelry are mostly under $100.  The items are lean towards trendy--think Francesca's, but much better-made and a bit more expensive.
5	If there is one store in all of Pittsburgh that best expresses my fashion point of view, it is without a doubt Pavement. Sophisticated, cool and funky all while being comfortable with a dash of something different, everything from the accessories to the dresses to the shoes fits my bill. It's a marvel I got out of there with only three pieces rather than the entire store. Nestled into a corner shop in a beautiful and funky neighborhood, Pavement appeals to a younger, more fashion forward crowd who's willing to spend a little more to look a little better. The shop keeper and owner is very sweet and incredibly helpful -- I fully appreciate that she doesn't hold back when it comes to offering styling advice or her opinion on the fit of a garment. She helped me sift through a massive pile of items I had accumulated during my visit, and together we figured out what I would wear and love for a very long time. She was right on the money -- every item I purchased has been worn, with love, multiple times and I am just as excited to wear them as I was that day in the boutique. They're great. If you're in Lawrenceville and in the mood to shop, definitely make a stop into Pavement a priority. It's unique, beautiful and fun -- and has something for just about everyone.
4	Pavement is a fun, well-merchandised boutique! I ran into the boutique a few minutes before closing one evening after dinner at Piccolo Forno. The shop has a great Urban/Anthro vibe while taking some brands that I've probably seen at Nordstrom/Bloomingdale's and marrying it with the shop's own unique Lawrenceville aesthetic. I love it!However, I must complain... I wish shop times were posted better! My friend and I tried to come to the boutique twice over Labor Day weekend, and the shop was closed (outside of regular hours) both times. I guarantee you that Pavement lost a couple hundred dollars in sales from the two of us. The only reason I gave the boutique a third try was because I was already in the neighborhood. So, please, next time, post more clear hours on your storefront and website over holiday weekends.
