5	Located in the Fry's shopping plaza just down from Dance Matrix, China Chef is where I order Chinese from in Queen Creek. The quality of the food is excellent and the wait time is short. I have always phoned in and picked up the order, although there are seats available if you choose to eat in the restaurant. I am basically a creature of habit and always order the same thing - General Tso (comes with rice & egg roll) and a small hot & sour soup. The combo dinner is $7 and the soup is $1.50. I typically finish the soup, but can only make it through half of the entree. Save it for a follow-up lunch and it is economical for 2 meals. The service and food quality has never let me down and I will continue to make this my primary choice in Queen Creek.
5	This place is great place to go when you have a large family and you are on a tight budget. The food is always fresh and hot. We always get the large family meal plan for about $20-30 and we always have left overs. The staff always has our food ready when we call in our order and they never forget a thing.
4	I liked the food here. There were several vegetarian options. I chose the Szechuan Tofu & vegetables with rice. It is almost enough for 2 people. My family got the family pack, just be careful to read it and not just go by the pictures, because the pictures are misleading and not part of the family pack. However, the family pack + my tofu + order of dumplings= food for 7 people with leftovers for $52! They also seem to have great lunch specials.
5	I moved out to San Tan Valley about 5 months ago. Our favourite take out chinese place was Red Dragon in Chandler and since it was too far away, we started looking around for something closer. Luckily we found the China Chef. We have ordered several things for take away as well as ate in and I have not had a single problem with any of the food there. My wife usually orders the General Tso chicken and I mix it up with a different dish everytime. I really like the war wan ton soup as well as the bourbon chicken. The rice is awesome and the noodles are great. The food is so good there, while I wrote this review I convinced myself to order something from them! Oh, and the prices are really good too.
3	Pretty good, but not my favorite Chinese of QC. I had the Teriaki Chicken & White Rice. I tried some of the other dishes and they were great too.  More of a take out place then anything, but there are places to sit.  We will keep testing it out.
4	Easily the best Chinese in the San Tan area!  For the past two years I have been disappointed in an area where most consider PandaExpress the height of Oriental eating and am happy now that I have found a place for me. It is one of the few places around where all of the Chinese dishes don,t taste the same.  The business here is mostly take out. There are a few tables in an overly bright entrance room but the place is really designed for to go orders.I am partial to the General Tso's btw and the steamed are out of this world!   Prices are average for Chinese takeout and as I said the food is top notch.This place is highly recommended!
5	Delicious and inexpensive, exactly like Chinese place in NY (except the egg rolls are small). The soups are dead on as is the cuisine. My favorite is the Boneless Rib Tips and Egg Foo Young. The Pork Fried Rice is delicious. The Roast Pork and Vegetables is also perfect. Here is a hint go for an early dinner 2:55pm and order a lunch special for 5 bux. The one negative is the Sesame Chicken is not the same as you are used to, very garlic-ey. The family meal is well worth the $29.99 price and will get you stuffed and feeds 5-8, I'd say!Overall DELICIOUS AND CHEAP!** WAY BETTER THAN CHEN'S OR MOON CHINA.....**
4	Great takeout decent prices!
2	if you want to fit in san tan valley here is a step by step guide.1. be really proud of yourself for buying a super cheap house in the middle of nowhere. but don't tell anyone the location bc the moment you do people are less impressed.... and more turned off. 2. bc of #1, you can afford rims on your car. be sure to buy the ugliest  ones possible. people here prefer black rims with chrome outline.3. roll down your windows4. tune your radio to rap music 5. blast it really loud6. drive with your left arm only, straight out, and lean back. be sure you wear your wrist watch on this arm so that others can see it out your window. bonus points if you wiggle your wrist pretending to adjust the watch, but really you just want it to sparkle under the light.im not exaggerating, we saw about 10 different cars like this while eating our china chef. (i just checked out someone's profile who lives in san tan valley. first person i clicked on listed interest: purple drank. what are the chances? i rest my case.)this whole review is an embarrassment, but it must be said. don't ask why i was in this part of town last night, but i was. and we were waiting for a long time in this shopping center and hadn't had dinner. china chef of burger king? china chef it is! the food wasn't disgusting, actually it was just meh but edible and better than BK (on 2nd thought, maybe if i find myself in that horrible town/shopping center i will do BK). the space was clean and blah blah blah.  that's not the problem. the problem is that the meal doesn't come with a gas mask for later. and my body wasn't the only one having issues with this food. for the record, i've eaten my fair share of questionable food and i have never had a reaction like this. shhuuuuuuuuu-weeeeeeeee.
5	Eat here once or twice a week since 2008 Jan. Love their Szechuan Shrimp, House fried rice and Mongolian beef. Try it and you will love it. Dont forget their $5 dollar lunch specials...
4	Cheap Chinese done right. No MSG. Orders always correct. Best $8 you'll spend for food in Queen Creek. I always have Cashew Chicken, hubs opts for Orange Chicken or Sweet and Sour. Daughter goes for low mein. All this equals a happy family meal for $24 including appetizer and soup. Sweet!
5	I know, five stars for takeout? But cheap delish Chinese food. We have the cashew chicken, orange chicken, sweet and sour, egg drop and low mein. So, we're not original, but hey, yummy!
4	This place is awesome great food great service. I would give them 5 stars if it had more seating, it's more of a take out place. The food is always delicious and fresh i love their chicken. Never greasy like a lot of chinese takeout.
4	Speedy and always delicious.  I wish that they had more vegeterian options but other than that they always have great food and they treat you very well.  The food is done very quickly and I feel that the price is reasonable.
4	We have lived in Queen Creek for a year and a half now, and decided to try this place for the first time last night. I haven't had much luck with chinese places and I must say, it was pretty darn good! I wish we would have tried it sooner! I ordered the broccoli in a garlic sauce with steamed rice, and also the string beans in a garlic sauce. First off, the portions were big! Easily enough to feed two people if not more. I ate half of the broccoli dish by myself, and will be eating the other half tonight. I gave this place a 4 stars because of the string beans.. the flavor was great, but the beans were not fully cooked. They were a bit on the crunchy side. My husband ordered a mix of things, beef on a stick, shrimp soup ( I think?) haha .. anyways, he enjoyed everything! We will for sure be back!Oh, we ordered it to go... although you can eat there if you wish. There are a few tables, but like the other posters have said, its more of a take out place.
4	I've eaten at this restaurant many, many times over.  Well, actually, I've gone in there, ordered my food and left with it, eating in my truck and getting on down the road.  I have never had a bad meal here and the prices are great.   It's just lunch for me and it's not some fancy dining restaurant, it's set up like a fast food Chinese joint and that, basically, is exactly what it is.  The prices are just as good as the food.  I didn't much care for the Sheriff's department basically taking over the parking lot - my semi would no longer "fit" in there but that's just an aside, most people aren't driving trucks in there and probably aren't writing that many reviews on Yelp, lol.
4	Solid choice for take out Chinese food in STV area.  Quick and usually good quality.  I
2	Maybe they had a off day.The food here was pretty bad. The chicken in the fried rice looked like it was meat left over from other meals. I guess next time I order from here I'll try something different. If I do.
4	There are a number of choices for Chinese takeout in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley but this is my family's go to place. It reminds my wife of a Chinese takeout place back in Wisconsin. I have never had any issues with the quality of service and all the food I have tried there has been good or excellent. My usual suspects are the Kung Pao chicken but the kids really enjoy the beef and broccoli.
5	We recently moved to STV, and after reading the great reviews here, we visited China Chef on Saturday at noon.  The place wasn't too busy when we got there, although about 5 people came in AFTER we had ordered.... good timing on our part. :) It only took them about 5-7 minutes to prepare our food.  My wife ordered the garlic chicken, and I had the orange chicken. We both ordered the hot and sour soup (our fav).  I gotta say.... the food was freakin' fantastic!  The soup was VERY flavorful and authentic, and we both loved our lunch plates.  My wife's garlic chicken was very 'garlicy', which she absolutely LOVED!  I was very happy with the orange chicken as well.  We both had left overs.... enough for another full meal for one of us.  All this for only $11.00 (including tax)!!  (we ordered it to go... without drinks) We will... without a doubt.... be visiting China Chef often!
5	This is our go to Chinese food. The sizes are big and the prices are really good. It tastes very fresh. I usually get either the cashew chicken or the general tso's chicken. This place is great for families because they also have family meals.
1	I must have caught them on a baaaddd day because all I have to say is "YUCK" and waste of money with their chewy food. Felt like I walked in to a gas station and ordered chewing gum.  Overpriced for the quality of food.  Threw 90% of it away.
5	It's hard to find Chinese Food that isn't covered in grease. When we moved to San Tan Valley, this was the first place we tried. We've since tried other Chinese restaurants in the area, and we love this one the most.At China Chef, the food is consistently good, the menu has good variety, and the customer service is good. The portions are good too.
2	Lazy Sunday evening of T.V. and we decided try this place for a little takeout.  Typical order at the counter, no frills Chinese take-out joint, with a few small tables in the lobby.I ordered the rice noodles with Chicken.  Food was hot and fresh but really nothing special, actually could have used more chicken and more vegetables would be a big improvement.  BF had the Orange Chicken and the Hot and Sour soup.  Both of these items are indicated as spicy on menu but were not even close, even bordering on bland.  Perhaps they are catering to their customer base, although this has not been my experience with other Chinese restaurants in the area.  Service was quick, food was hot, price was reasonable, but on the whole, just ho-hum.  Plenty of other Chinese places to choose from, so probably would not go back.
2	There is really not much to say about Chinese Food.  My experience is they are all about the same. I  usually look toward my regular wherever I go.  Some type of Orange Chicken and a Combo Fried Rice. I also added Hot and Sour Soup.The meal was only slightly satisfying. It was lacking flavor.  The soup had very little except broth.  The Chicken was just average.  And the Fried Rice was lacking flavor as well. There are other locations closer to my house in this area I would drift to. Not a place that I would tend to want to go back to.
5	Awesome food for pretty cheap!!  Love the staff, everyone is really nice and can speak pretty good English!!  We go here all the time and every time its always a great experience :)
5	This is really good Chinese food for being a small little hole in the wall with just 4 tables.  They even have real egg rolls not just spring rolls like most others out here in the valley.
5	Best take out Chinese in San tan valley.  I've had noodles, soup, apps, main dishes, and everything has been good.  It's not a sit down type place (but you can).  I rated this for what it is, good take away Chinese food.
5	We love China Chef! I always order about 15 minutes before I want my food ready. We have one of their to go menus on the fridge so we can pick what we want and then just pick it up.  They have never messed up our order, which is important when ordering take out.  We order the dinner combos which come with a meat, delicious fried rice, and an egg roll. It's a really good value for the amount of food that you get and the taste.  I can get two filling meals out of one combo! Which is much better than the local major Chinese food chain that I can only get two meals out of if I limit how much I eat and theirs costs about the same. The quality and freshness is so much better too. I don't think I've seen a heat lamp at China Chef, but my food is always nice and hot when I pick up! I am so glad there is a restaurant like this out here in Queen Creek. There is one other chinese restaurant that I like out here and it's pretty much right across the street,  but I normally go there to sit down and eat rather than take out.
5	My husband loves this place. He wants to eat here every weekend. I highly recommend it.
5	The Yelp reviews are right!  The food is very good and quickly prepared.  I've had Chinese take out in 15 different states and just came from the San Francisco Bay area, China Chef is one of the best I've had.  I ordered Crab Rangoon, steamed dumplings, and chicken lo mein.  All were excellent!
1	I placed a phone order and was told 10 minutes....I arrived in 10 minutes and it appeared my order had not been placed, "10 minutes" I was told....after 15 minutes the girl checking her cell phone asked for my order number and low and behold...my order had been sitting there the whole time! Nice job for a new customer...I got my money back and will never return.
4	Since we live about 5 minutes away from here, we often order this when we're looking for a quick-fix meal to take home. I've never eaten inside the store since it's only got a couple of booth seats and has more of a, "Get your food and go" vibe. We always order the family meal and call in about 15 minutes ahead since that's how long it usually takes for the food to be ready. It comes with a large container of soup (we do wonton), 8 crab rangoons, and a large order of beef and broccoli, fried pork bites with a sweet and sour sauce on the side in a huge container, orange chicken (we switch it out for sesame), chicken lo mein, pork fried rice, and white steamed rice. Everything is delicious. It feeds about 6-7 people, and for my family of 5 we have enough leftovers for a few lunches the next day (early bird gets the worm.) It's worth a try if you like Chinese food and need something fast to feed a hungry family.
5	This place had great American Chinese food. You can't best the bargain of the family meal. Best local take-out.
1	This is by far the worst food I have ever had in my existence. The chicken tastes like boiled "meat ?" and is absolutely disgusting.  We ordered several items to bring back to a family party.  I was so embarrassed by what I served.  I had to apologize to everyone for the horrible dinner and we ended up ordering pizza.  Do not waste your money on this nasty food.
4	Tried this place once after recently moving here. Pretty good food comparing the prices. Better than some of the Chinese places that we've been to. Orange chicken and fried rice were great. I tried the ribs they had good flavor but we're a bit tough and dry. I'd eat here again.
