5	Soooo....I've never LIKED going to the eye doctor. Dr. Tran and her staff changed that! The girl who did the initial eye tests was so friendly and eased me into that machine that blows air into your eye that I USUALLY HATE WITH A PASSION, it wasn't even bad!! Then I got offered water until Dr. Tran came in. She was AMAZING!!! Super friendly, down to earth, and very knowledgeable. She taught me more about contacts, my eyes than I learned from all the years going to other doctors since I was 12! I highly recommend this place. (Military friendly also, accepts Tri-Care!!!) Won't go anywhere else. EVER.
5	This was a very nice experience. I felt comfortable going through all those eye exams and Dr Tran was very friendly. We had a little bit of conversation at the beginning about Europe and other languages. She was very helpful explaining the difference between different contact lenses and solutions. At the end I got a pair of contacts and a sample solution for free.
5	Excellent experience!  Dr Tran and her entire staff were courteous, professional and a joy to be around.
5	without a doubt a great experience!  Dr. Chow and Dr. Tran are very professional and personal.  They have a great selection too!  I will never go anywhere else!
1	I don't recommend going to this doctor's office.  I received a text message from the office without authorization.  I asked to be removed from their text message program.  They receptionist said "I'll ask the doctor".  She was a little rude about it.  After my exam, Dr Tran tried to pressure me into purchasing glasses at her office.  There is a strict "No return or refund policy" and I don't feel comfortable purchasing a product that is not guaranteed.  Dr Tran acted offended when I asked for my presciption and did not purchase glasses from her  office.  Overall, the staff was a little rude and tense.  They gave my 2 year old daughter glares as she accompanied me for my eye exam.  When I took my presciption to a major eye glass company, it seems the presciption was not accurate, as I was not able to clearly see out of the lens' that were made from Dr Tran's presciption.  Proceed with caution!  Don't go to Dynamic Eye Care!
5	Dr. Tran is the most wonderful person, very profession and dedicated to her patients. After I found Dr. Tran, I wouldn't think of getting my eyes treated by anyone else. She is very knowledgable.
5	Seriously one of the best staff ever. Everyone I delt with was awesome. I highly recommend this place should you need your eyes done.  They have an awesome selection of frames as well!
3	This place is great! Love the Dr.'s and Staff too! Unfortunately, when I asked for my PD (pupillary distance) from them so I could order my glasses from Warby Parker, they refused. They said if I ordered my glasses through them, it would be no problem, but since I wanted to order from another company, they couldn't give me that info.  It is too bad that one little thing will ruin a relationship with a customer.  They get near sighted into looking at the immediate worth of a customer and not look at the lifetime value of one. Especially someone who has a young family and has already referred customers to them. I wish them luck in the future and hope this helps shape how they look at their customers in the future.
4	I hate the eye doctor. And, no, I don't a crap about the glaucoma test. When I was a kid, the eye doctor said I was faking. It kinda traumatized me. I wear a heavy prescription, can't wear contacts. I usually find the process a dreadful ordeal. I realize it's completely psychological, but when you have to wear something on your face for at least a year, I think it's a pretty big deal. Most eyewear places I've gone don't really seem to look at it from that perspective and just try to get you in and out with a pair of lenses on your face. I wanted to get something I liked that fit my face, was comfortable, and wouldn't necesscarily look like what everyone  else was wearing.I wryly joke that the eye test is the only test I can't pass. The staff put me at ease. Dr. Vo was made me very comfortable in the chair, and I wasn't as stressed as I usually get. She understood my stress and worked to minimize it.As I picked my frames, the two technicians who assisted me were very helpful and laid out a variety of options at different price points. I went with a pair of Tom Ford frames that were a bit pricier that I chose myself. The technicians did show me a pair of similar frames that were half the price, which I thought was fair.One thing I would like to see, which I think would be helpful is a better selection, but I could be wrong about that. So many pairs look identical. Surely it can't be that hard to get some variety in geometry that would allow for greater selection. At any rate, I'm still a fan because I did find one pair that worked, which is the important factor. Also, I was fit in as a walk in on the same day. The office has extended hours several days per week, and is conveniently located off the 215 close to the Aliante resort.
5	This is the grooviest place around. They'll have your eye balls in prime condition, ready to scope out any and all babes. You might even get a compliment on your shirt if it's cool enough. I know I did.
