3	This place isnt really close to all the big named casinos, so it's really cheap. If youre willing to drive to the strip, in order to stay at the cheap hotel, this is the place to go! I stayed here with one other person for $29 for one night. Totally worth it. They gave us two queen sized beds, includes TV, AC, all the essentials. -Quick check-in service, and quick check out service. -Plenty of parking outside-they give you one free meal ticket for each night you stay. -Free wifiThe bad: The room smells kinda like dog, but after staying in the room for an hour, you get use to it. Dont let that turn you off though, it smells like dog, but its not THAT bad. Just bring Fabreez with you. lol
3	OK so these rooms aren't horrible but they aren't the shit either. I like that the room had 2 beds. I like that it was non smoking, as had been requested. It's about 4180 to stay here for an entire week. Crazy right. That's because it is part of the extended stay hotel chains. It's so inexpensive. Four people can stay here for the price of 2. The woman at the front desk, Celeste, she is a sweetheart. She gives it to you straight and doesn't explain things in a way that you'll give her the WTF look. LOL. There is a lot of parking available here. If you decided to become a resident here, you would be able to eat at the restaurant here for free. THat's pretty awesome. Anyways, a few friends and I stayed here for a minute. The showers were kinda difficult to use because one of the knobs is hard as hell to turn. The beds are HARD. I'm talking like particle board hard. Ouch! The Tv's worked and there is a fridge inside each room. This isn't far from the Nellis AFB so there were a lot of what seemed to be military families here. There are crazy cheap drink specials at their lil casino bar type place. It was about $27 for 3 beers and a few shots of patrons. Man!  You could really get into some trouble there. Wifi is free here. Just ask 'em for the password.
4	This place is a diamond in the rough. My friends and I were looking for a place to grab a quick bite to eat at around 11 pm. No one else was open and as we were driving by, we were lured in by the "$5 steak dinner, 24/7" advertisement at Siegel's. So we went in and that is when we hit paydirt. Let me just say that we were not disappointed. The waiter was a really good guy and the food was great, especially considering we had a steak and two veggies for $5. Tough to beat. The steak was actually a very good steak. I didn't gamble in here but there seemed to be a pretty quiet crown, mainly playing slots. I'm not sure what else was available but if you ever need a good meal for a great price, Siegel's Slots is the place to go!I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 because it is in a pretty seedy location. In fact, there was a police helicopter circling less than half a mile away the night we stopped here for some crime. I wouldn't recommend staying in one of the hotel rooms based solely on the looks from the parking lot here.
3	Good food at reasonable prices and an okay group of people any night of the week.  I've had nearly everything on the menu... There are always specials and a Military Discount.  I really love the Jambalaya... It is spiced just right!  Oh and no kidding, the best Wings I've had in Vegas!  The Sports Book does it all with a lot less hassle than the big joints and I always enjoy visiting with the gang to find out what's hot.  Give this place a try!
1	I am not sure how this place is still open and operating.  I booked this through an online booking site (one of the big ones). The ratings I thought there might be a few issues, but nothing like what I experienced. Upon arriving we pulled up to a front area with 4-5 security guards, which was already a red flag. The area this place was in was something not to be enjoyed by anyone. Upon checking we were instructed to where our room was. We got to the room and the first issue was the door, it would close and lock but seem to rattle as if someone wanted to get they could. The bedding had rips and tears and even food stains in it as if it had not been replaced since the place opened. The towel in the bathroom had what appeared to be lipstick stains all over. The toilet seat had the finish chipped off. After all of this we then found right next to the head board and lamp stand in between both beds a pile of vomit. We were absolutely disgusted and shocked that nobody had noticed this while cleaning the room prior. We then instructed the office of the issue and we would not be staying with them. Save your time and money and find a better hotel for a better price anywhere else but here.
1	This place is the worst.  It is super dirty not the best part of town.  It looks like they never wash any sheets the place smells!!  I notice some of the good reviews on this place is for the casino next door that is part of the Hotel so don't be fooled
3	Very basic American Standard food nothing exotic but, good. Come in Sunday mornings for the big breakfast skillet.
