5	Great service and they had what I came for. Some work boots. Rand H. and I called in first to make sure they had what we were looking for and they did indeed. Big 5 Gets my big 5 stars!
5	I love Big 5 for shoes & buy almost all of mine here.  This location in particular is one of the real good ones (some stores are smaller), & my most recent purchase was a backup pair of their "Rugged Exposure Journey Plus" shoes.  I've been buying these here at Big 5 (sometimes with Velcro straps, sometimes with laces), for a number of years, & always for $19.99 on sale.  The regular price is $54.95.These shoes are comfortable right out of the box & last me a couple of years, wearing them pretty much every day.  Most of the men's shoes here run about $55, but are on sale about one week out of three for as little as $17!  Jeromy H. joined me here today, & bought himself a pair of killer $50+ work boots for $20.Great place here!     :-))
5	I love Big 5.  I check their ads every Sunday Morning online.  When they have something on sale you can find really good prices.  I went in to buy a shotgun awhile back and the sales person talked me out  of it based on my needs and skill level.  I ended up picking up another one on black friday for a really good price.  This one is more spacious then the one on 19th ave, and has a nice parking lot.  I bought some cool survival stuff from here for cheap, some hiking boots and when my wife wanted some hiking boots and she was about to go to an expensive store I told her to go to big 5 and she got some for $20.  Can't hate on that.
5	Love this store the variety of women shoes goes good with a outfit to work out or run. they have good deals. Their staff is awsome! and the best thing is that i dont have to drive so far away because they are around the coner.
5	The BEST chain store in The Valley to purchase your Urban fishing supplies from.  Other chain stores sell fishing crap cookie-cutter across the country, but Big 5 has exactly what you need to fish around Phoenix and in individual small packaging at great prices.  You don't have to buy assortments and unrelated fishing item kits like at other places.  For example, bought 3 bait-holding catfish treble hooks for $1.49, 6 half-ounce egg sinkers for $.99, and 8 medium swivels for $.99.  Also, bought a cheapy spare rod/reel for $15, and the thing works great.  They also have a bunch of portable chairs, including some with sunshades for cheaper than anywhere I've seen.  $10 for just a chair and $30 for the chair with the built-in canopy.  They also have fresh night crawlers and meal worms.
1	This store NEVER has what I'm looking for (hiking pants, baseball cap, sports jersey, any type of college or professional team gear (I think they just have ASU stuff)etc.), everything looks picked over as if I have just missed the motherload of all sales on sporting schtuff. I have tried to give them business on 4 separate occasions and always leave empty handed.  Another turnoff is that the people lurking around the inside and outside of the store kinda creep me out. It's almost like a Cabela's (they sell firearms, hunting knives, and whatnot) but lame.  Sorry, but I won't be back.
4	Best prices for kids baseball pants.
5	Amazing customer service, i love coming here for cheap knives and fishing stuff. If you guys have any questions about camping ask for nathan, hes a manager there who knows everything about the outdoors. Drive the extra miles into the ghetto for this one, the selection and customer service is much better then any of the surrounding big 5s
