3	My MIL and GIL went to this and the MIL really liked their Prime Rib $9.99 special so off we went since we always drag her to things she's not too enthused about. I didn't feel like prime rib so I got the roasted lemon herb chicken. It was just OK and lacking really a lemon herb flavor but was juicy. The veggie mix and mashed potatoes were bland. I got a side wedge salad which was very fresh though and had good blue cheese dressing and bacon crumbles. The BF had a omelette which was pretty standard. Grandma had spaghetti and meatballs and said it  was good. I tried a bite of my MILs prime rib and it was pretty decent. Since it's a special it's just during dinner time 4-11pm. Prices are pretty fair diner prices, majority being $7.99. It's 24 hours so maybe might be good during late night drunk diner food. Early times when we went it was just a lot of old people. Haha. We were with old people though so makes sense. It's standard and nothing to make a trip for, but if you want just some diner food its better than CoCos/IHOP/Dennys.
3	We attempted to try the new Pasta Cucina at Texas Station, but at 9:10 p.m. it was closed for the evening.  (This is Vegas???).  Other than the fast food court, the Grand Cafe was the only game in town.I didn't want to eat a lot, so I ordered the half roast beef combo with soup.  I could have had salad instead, but the blustery weather today chilled me to the bone.  The soup was split pea and was served in a very big cup, probably a bigger portion than a bowl would have been.  I didn't expect much, but it turned out to be EXCELLENT!  It was full of diced ham, not oversalted, thick and very filling.  The roast beef half-sandwich had four good-sized slices of rare beef, with lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and a tiny cup of cole slaw.  Mayo is the default, so if you don't like it, be sure to tell the server!  Alas, there was no rye bread, so I got it on sourdough, which was firm enough to support the contents after I added the cole slaw, and not overly sour.  All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by my meal and enjoyed it.  For 5.99, I thought it was a pretty good deal.My husband ordered the Chicken Parmigiana, which was the Thursday dinner special for 9.99.  It came with spaghetti and two large pieces of garlic bread.  He didn't want the spaghetti, but wasn't allowed to substitute anything on the special.  He enjoyed the chicken, which to me looked perfectly ordinary, but he's not picky.The Grand Cafe at Red Rock is, of course, much more modern than this one, but it served the purpose pretty well.
3	We were in Texas Station casino and ended up having dinner at the Grand Cafe.  The casino and restaurant were empty.  We played the slots and got our free drinks.  Then we went into the restaurant.  I had the Chicken Pamigiana with split pea soup.  The chicken and soup were very good, but the spaghetti was tasteless.  I did not finish the spaghetti.  The Texas toast was just ok.  We had planed to go to the new Pasta Cucina restaurant but they close at 9: pm, how strange for a Friday night.  The good think is they will accept the restaurant.com certificates from the former San Lorenzo Italian restaurant.
2	Food and service was GREAT! (Eric, you are an AMAZING server! Yet when we noticed that we were over-charged and management was brought into the situation, they were extremely rude! He said it was not their problem and for us to just pay the bill.......NOT going back just because of the MANAGER! Sent a letter to the corporate office, will update IF I get a responce...
1	My son and I wanted a quick cafe meal and stoped by this restaurant.  I ordered the prime rib my son ordered a sandwich.  I ordered my prime rib rare and told the waitress that if the did not have rare to let me know and I would order something else.  The sandwich came out fine the prime rib was well done.  I asked to speak to the manager who came out and was completely rude to me.  I then ordered the chicken parmigian and waited 20 minutes for that to come out.  When it came out the chicken was burnt, which I felt was done on purpose.  By this point I just wanted to leave, since nothing was comped I went to pay for the dinner and the cook was standing at the counter he asked me how was dinner and I told him it was horrible.  He then began to insult me.  This restaurant clealy does care about it's customers and the food is horrible.  Will never return.
5	There is a Grand Cafe at every single Station Casino property besides for Aliante. Personally, I only come to Grand Cafes after midnight for the Graveyard special. But, unfortunately not all Grand Cafe's are born equally.  This location at Texas Station is light years ahead of the Santa Fe and the Red Rock location. The service is extremely quick. Unlike the Red Rock, this place will actually tell you "I'll be right with you" instead of just pretending to ignore you. The server comes within 2-3 minutes after the host seats you. At Red Rock and Santa Fe, the server may take up to 30 minutes. The servers here at Texas Station won't make excuses. At Red Rock and Santa Fe, the servers absolutely can't stop making excuses. It's always "I'm just so busy!" or "No one told me that I was supposed to be your server!". Unlike at Red Rock, you won't get seated near  drunk douchebags in club clothing, who are screaming profanity and racist remarks. You don't get that annoying bitter Summerlin/North West crowd that complains and fights over every little thing. The customers here at Texas are more of a blue collared working class type, who enjoy a quiet environment when they eat.The food here is much better. At Red Rock, a huge part of the steak is that rubbery fatty substance that is inedible. The steak here at Texas is all meat and much more tender. You don't have to work your ass off to eat it!I find it odd how Summerlin and NW people always talk sh!t on North Las Vegas residents. They always say that NLV people are: "poor", "criminals", "low lives". But, when you actually come to a NLV casino, the service and quality is far superior to a Summerlin casino. I hate how at Summerlin casinos, the workers always b!tch about how they hate their jobs and how: "he only tipped me 2 dollars". Gimme a break,  if my Graveyard special meal only cost $4.99, I ain't gonna f*cking leave a tip that is more than the price of the f*cking meal. Be happy I even leave 50 cents.    I would rather drive the extra distance to come here. The service is very friendly, and the food tastes way better.
4	Love the place, been there many times. Went this time for the buy one get one free coupon and found they were a little unsure how to process it. Waitress wouldn't scan my card for the discounts on wings and shrimp cocktail said front does it ( never how it used to be and I still don't think is). Checking out took almost 8 minutes because of the coupon and she screwed everything up in the process. Food was great and the experience other than that was wonderful. Keep in mind though their wings are tasty but a little too salty!
3	Far superior to the Coco's that it replaced, but still about 3 stars, I'd say.High points: Excellent customer service. Friendly staff, very courteous and informative.Low points: Nothing really LOW, per se, just average.The prices seem a little high for average food, in my opinion. Cracked Egg is better, The Omelette House is better both with wider variety and better food for about the same price.  I paid $10 for an omelette, which most places are $8-$10, so it's on par, just not quite awesome enough to warrant $10 when other places are so much better. My boyfriend paid $10 for his short stack, eggs and bacon. That also seemed maybe a little high, but he was happy with it. We're assuming the prices are slightly higher due to it being inside a hotel.I was happy with my food, too, overall. The toast was cold and not the sourdough I'd asked for, but the omelette was tasty.  Hashbrowns were unremarkable, a tad bland.We had to wait 10 minutes before we were seated, as the hostess said the kitchen was backed up due to a large party.  Not a problem, we played some slots.  The restaurant was 1/3 full when we were seated and we sat for 10 minutes before we got an "I'll be right with you" from our server, but she made up for it. It wasn't that big of a deal.I'd return, keeping it in the mix of places we go to for breakfast. It might not be my first pick, but I'd happily eat here again.
3	Food was ok, maybe a step up from dennys with a nice selection. I do have to give props for the service though. The server was excellent and the manager, who I overheard talking to the couple in the booth next to us, was bending over backwards to make them happy so the place really seems to want to make their customers happy. So in a nutshell ok food with good service at decent prices. Can't recommend but I might give them a second shot.
1	I was quite disappointed with this being my first; now last; trip to the Grand Cafe. It's really too bad to, the food was delicious. It was myself and my girlfriend. We decided to try out the cafe because the one at the Palace Station hotel was good. We were promptly seated in a booth and our waitress 'traci' took our drink orders. An iced tea and soda. Upon receiving the drinks we placed our food order. It was a quiet time of the afternoon, around 1pm. I thought everything was going to go smoothly. Apparently not. Wedge of salad, beef dip au jus, and a club sandwich is what we ordered. Our food came ~ 15 minutes later and the person delivering the food refilled my girlfriends drink. Upon no time throughout our meal after that did we see any waitstaff. We finished our meals; waited; perhaps to order dessert, but to no avail. Finally I went and retrieved a to go box myself. Wrapped up the food and still nothing. Empty glasses sitting on the table from the start. Upon checking out; mind you I still never saw our waitress traci, mentioned everything to 'manager' (some older dude hitting on the young girl working the register; can you say pedophile?) anyway I explain to him the disappointment in our dining experience and that we will not be returning customers. He offered nothing as so much a 'sorry'. Thanks for nothing. He then whispered in the girls ear something from which her facial expression displayed confusion - and he left. We paid for our meal and left as well. Such potential from an otherwise great casino. Too bad we won't come back to that place.
4	I have had hit and miss service at various Grand Cafes but based on my latest visit, the one at Texas Station gets 4 stars. It was getting late in the day in the office and I was hungry. I had a craving for corned beef hash. So before I left I turned to Yelp to find a place with good hash. Unfortunately all the good breakfast diners close right after lunch. I thought I would be stuck with canned hash fried at home. No bueno. Then on the way home I remembered Texas Station and the Grand Cafe. I checked the menu before being seated just to make sure that had what I wanted. They did. For $7.99 I got a big pile of hash fried to slightly crispy, a pile of hash browns also fried to crispy, three eggs cooked my way (over easy), and a couple pieces of wheat toast. Was it the best hash I've had? No. But it was good and I did not have to fix it. The staff was great. Friendly. Attentive. Quick. I got a good filling meal for an okay price. That works for me.
4	Money -Saving TIP...we ordered an omelette entree plus a side of pancakes...the kitchen split our meal...muchas gracias!!!
3	Prior to entering, I noticed the large display case featuring pink bakery good in support of breast cancer awareness month.  I was surprised when we entered this coffee shop at its large size.  Seating accommodations include numerous booths and tables plus a large counter.  We chose the latter in order to facilitate our desire for separate checks in order to use a pair of Las Vegas Advisor $5 off a $10 purchase coupons.  We each ordered the bananas Foster French toast, a house specialty.  In order to meet our purchase requirement, my wife ordered a coffee while I requested a fruit cup.  The French toast was good, but the whipped cream topping was a bit excessive and the accompanying sauce was completely devoid of any rum or banana liqueur flavor.  Service was very good and everyone from the cashier to the manager was friendly.  A rating of 2.5 would be most appropriate.
4	After spending all day at a tournament at the Texas Station, it was time for a tasty meal. On low energy we went to the Grand Cafe. There was a deal going on for $9.99 for a t-bone and baked potato. When the steak arrived it was cooked perfectly, with a wonderful flavor! The baked potato continued to fill me up as well.The waiter was very kind, and continuously filled our waters up. They were great about splitting the bill as well. As for atmosphere, it was nothing out of the ordinary, but a typical cafe setting in a hotel. I would recommend this cafe to many that are trying to get a fast and well priced meal. With great service and short line, you are destined to have a great time!
2	I didn't eat inside the cafe but purchased a couple of pastries from the pastry case that is outside the restaurant.  Had walked past it a number of times and decided to get a couple of things.  Got a maple bar and a cheese danish.  I always have high hopes for pastry and always on the lookout for any place convenient to pick up some good breakfast pastry or sweet treats.  The service was good, very nice girl at the checkout, but unfortunately I was underwhelmed by the pastry, about the quality of grocery store. Prices okay.  Probably won't get anything else from there unless it really looks great. Makes me wonder what the quality of the food in the cafe is...mediocre?  If they're going to put a pastry case out front, then they should step it up and really make them stand out and not something I can get at Vons.
4	Not the best food, but if you're looking for great - and I do mean great - service, this is the place to go!  They always have smiles on their faces and bend over backwards to make sure you know that they value you being there.
4	Ok I gotta say I was getting ready to head out the door when Ramon showed up as my server and wow he was great ! I give four stars because the food was good and when I really did get a server he was GREAT!
1	This place is a horrible disgrace to station casinos!  The slowest service ever.  You may be seated but never get a waitress to take your order.  This restaurant is horribly understaffed and the staff who are working definitely don't care about the patrons.  They'd be better off if you ordered your food at the register and they called your name when ready and had no service at all bc that's basically what you get!
