5	I was taking a trip out of town and I wanted to get my oil changed and tires rotated.  I had noticed that I might have a tire separating and that's why I wanted them rotated to be sure my tires were in good shape.  Also a while back Firestone had told me it was time to do my brakes, but I felt I could hold off for awhile.As I said I made an appointment (appts are necessary) for an oil change and rotation. After the oil change they came and got me to tell me that my brakes were just starting to get into the rotor and needed replacing and I had a tire that was separating.  I was speaking with the owner, Dan Groman, and I told him that this is a really bad time for me, that my work hours have been reduced to 20 hours a week, and I'm in real danger of losing my job completely. That I wake up scared everyday....Let  me tell you, this is the nicest, most honest auto repair facility I have ever been too.  Dan gave me a great price on my brakes and two new tires. He didn't charge me for the oil change.  I know it was a great deal because it was less than what Firestone had quoted me several months earlier.  I had an opportunity to chat with Dan Groman, and I think he's has a great business philosophy.  He really knows how to take care of his customers, he has happy employees, and he really appreciates your business.  I highly recommend this facility to anyone needing tires, brakes, oil change, tire rotations.  It was a pleasure doing business here and I'll never go anywhere else.
5	I've been back for new tires, oil changes, and quite a bit of mechanical work on my car.  Again I have to say this is the best shop and the most trustworthy.  I highly recommend them.  Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
5	Big O tires was very accommodating, friendly, and efficient. They removed the screw in my tire immediately while smiling the whole time. Great service and complementary repair--I would highly recommend!  They have my business now going forward.
5	I have been taking my car here for a few months now for oil changes and other services. I am really happy with their efficiency, customer service and honesty. As a woman, I know I have been lied to in the past when having my car worked on. Fortunately, I know a fair amount about cars as my dad taught me, and am able to tell when mechanics are trying to make a sale for the most part. I have NEVER had that experience here. They have earned my business for more that just tires and oil changes- I recently had my brakes and rotors replaced and will have my transmission fluid changed very soon. Their prices are fair- I am sure on some services you could find slightly cheaper prices ($5-20 maybe), but overall I think they are competitively priced, and you're paying for quality work.
1	Not pleased. Will never go back there.  Said tire sensor broken but they did it and now have to go to dealer and pay $110 to have them fix it.
1	I purchased 4 new Continental tires from Big O for $1175. less than a year ago and paid $113.36 for "extended tire protection". This charge is for any road damage to the tire. My wife hit a curb in Nov. 2012. We took the car to Big O immediately on our way home. Dan Groman did a "visual test for air loss" but declared the tire sound and did a "precautionary repair" by sealing the flap of the tear with "super glue." The tire was leaking 10 psi by the time we arrived home(15 minutes later) and continued to require 10-15 psi several times a day. We bought a new tire from Tire Rack for $210.00 (half the price of $440.00) that Dan told my wife a new tire would cost. We took the new tire to BMW North Scottsdale for inspection and installation of the new tire. We were told by BMW that the Big O "repair" was defective and very dangerous. They said "super glue" is not a proper tire repair and would lead to a front blow out  endangering the lives of any one in my car or any other vehicle near it (freeway or street driving).  The Service Department at BMW North Scottsdale who examined the tire and declared the damage " ot within the range of safe repair" were reasonable and professional in the job they did installing the new tire.  Dan Groman, however, does not honor his contracts and does not have the scruples required of someone in a business which can place customer's' lives as well as their property in jeopardy. His highest priority appears quite clearly to be his own financial gain leaving the customer's safety as well as satisfaction at the bottom of his list. I strongly advise against entrusting the safety of the tires you buy to Surprise Big O. RegardsRegardsDennis Millett
5	Great service. They don't try the high pressure sales tactics that others try. Best sales and service for tires, oil changes and other car related issues.
5	Found this place from a neighbor's recommendation after relocating to AZ from CA.  The folks here are quick and efficient and prices are reasonable for tires as well as oil changes and other maintenance services.  Just found out that this site has CLOSED because of upcoming construction on the Grand/Bell overpass, but the manager and most of the staff have relocated to KING AUTO, 10002 W. Santa Fe in Sun City.  Phone # there is 623-933-4990 & they offer pick-up and drop off for folks living in Surprise, Sun City, Sun City West, etc.  New location is open 7 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday-Friday.
