3	I'm sure this is one of the biggest Goodwill stores in town, and they must have the smallest parking lot.  I like to spread my donations around, and because this location is close to home, they get a lot of my stuff.... but I don't  drop off on a Saturday morning, and I never NEVER drop off on 50% off Saturdays.If you try to drop off on 50% off Saturdays, you will be blocked in by everyone trying to buy bags of cheap stuff.  You can't go forward to get out, you can't go backward.  Invariably, someone has dumped a couch in the night, and it is blocking people from pulling behind the building.... I'm glad they are busy collecting donations, but since they aren't around to supervise the "midnight drop-offs" of less than desirable merchandise, there is almost always a delay.
3	Good sized store, organized, clean.  They have colored tag sales on the clothes and week sales on the housewares.  Seems out in the boonies though.
3	** Consider this your reminder to do some spring cleaning and make a donation to any Goodwill type store-- it will help a person in need and you'll be happy to de-clutter a bit.  I stopped at this particular Goodwill on my way home from work to make a donation of all the house stuff and clothes that need a better home.  Since I was there, I figured why not go inside and see what the inside is like.  It's really big and really clean (cleaner than the parking lot and the outside drop off area- like previously noted)-  the layout is good, nice lighting and I would like to stress how neat it all was, I think this is the cleanest Goodwill I have ever been inside.  Found a painting for $2- that was cool and I found a few other stuff  but didn't buy them, I figured I am supposed to be simplifying my life and loading up on more stuff is not following "my plan"- but I might go back on 1/2 off Saturday... haha.  We'll see.** best part of the trip was that there must have been some really good potpourri by the window with the sun hitting it b/c it smelled really good in the back part of the store-- that was a nice surprise.  :)
3	This goodwill is interesting.. The store itself is small and cluttered (the parking alot is smaller and dirty) The staff is rude and very unprofessional..HONESTLY THE ONLY REASON I COME IN HERE IS THEY DO GET SOME GOOD THINGS!! They price their merchandise fairly good3 Stars from meOn a plus side it is right next to a mountain trail so if you want a quick workout its pretty nice.
2	-Organized inside. Smaller than other Goodwill stores.-Filthy, dirty parking lot...small too. Rugged with pot holes. YIKES!-Good prices. Friendly employees.-It's hit or miss on what treasure you might find at this location.-Park on the north or south side of the building - the entrance faces west. Handicap parking is on the north.-I have been in this Goodwill many times and have NEVER found anything.
