3	Clean and organized compared to Ross.  I'm surprised it doesn't receive more traffic, but location is everything.  You may be paying slightly higher prices than Ross, but items seem higher quality as well.
4	This T.J. Maxx location SEEMS to be smaller than some of it's sister locations. In reality, it probably has the same square footage as the others, but the floor plan is a bit different. There is a decent merchandise selection and plenty of bargains! I do like stopping in from time to time.
5	I LOVE this location. Deals, steals and bargains galore. A variety of options for your different shopping needs. The staff is friendly (always). I have been shopping at this location for years and always great customer service. This store is neat, organized and clean (always).
4	So much better than Ross. Organized with much better brands. Pleasant atmosphere. Most of the employees are really nice and helpful, with one exception which I won't mention on Yelp...
5	I love TJ-MAXX the Paradise Valley location is still my favorite!This is a great place to come for a last minuet affordable outfit. You can get everything for your night out. A dress, heels, jewelry, handbag even new shampoo to get your hair looking fresh and clean!I do love the fact they have a beauty section here, its nice to know I can find those expensive products I never buy for myself here at a reasonable price. Its right next to the jewelry section though so have some self control! When it comes to the fashion here its a little harder to have as much control because they always have the latest styles in fashion and they make sure to keep it clean and tidy so you can actually enjoy your shopping experience.This is also an awesome place to come to find house warming gifts for those friends you love, or just to spice up your own living space! I swear my last house was fully decorated thanks to TJ-MAXX!Majority of the time the staff  at all locations are very friendly and helpful, I've only ever had one experience with an older lady working at the dressing room that had a very unpleasant disposition... I haven't seen her again and I hope I never do.  All in all keep it up TJ-MAXX!
4	Super nice empolyees but the store could be cleaner and more organized. Love the cheap prices though, came in looking for something and left the store with what I wanted very pleased.
4	Okay, I'll admit it--I'm a shop-a-holic...BUT, I am a serious bargain shopper. TJ Maxx (and Marshalls) is among my absolute favorite places to find casual everyday pieces like maxi dresses, bags, sandals, socks, golf shirts for the bf, etc. You name it and they have it--for less.Overall, go to TJ Maxx before looking anywhere else for great deals. You might be PLEASANTLY surprised!
4	This is a pretty good TJ Maxx; the clothes and bags are a little behind on trend, but that's normal..for the bags at least. There is major good news though, there are complete steals in the accessories section. There are really cute boho bags and backpacks, cute sunglasses and beautiful scarves. I love bargains, and I love this store. I really liked that it was organized and uncluttered, unusual for me because I live in a very populated city. This store was worth visiting and there wasn't a super long line :)
5	Store supports disabled workers with opportunities to work part-time.  Very good customer service, and caring management.
4	Love tjmax I just bought some great items there.. All of those items were under 5.00 I'm not a bargain Hunter but I love good deals..
3	Good and clean store.  Bright lighting and friendly employees.  People look very happy working there.  Cheap prices for some items, definitely a place to go to if you don't have a lot of money to spend at all those fancy department stores.
5	Good selection on everything! I love the savings and supports our troops (Reserves and NG).
2	Sure this store is clean and organized, and they have great deals on clothes. But as a guy, unless you like golf shirts and cargo shorts you won't find anything worth a darn here.
