4	I just got my nails did at Elegant Nails, oh lalallalalallalalaaaa.  Boy, are they elegant. I love going to Elegant Nails, they always speak to everyone and it's clean!  Sometimes I will drive by five nail salons and go to Elegant Nails because they are always pleasant and they always have a good stock of current People magazines!!
1	The decor is nice, but if you are looking for hygiene, this is not the place.  During my visit, I saw 3 instances where tools were reused.  Seriously, I saw the nail tech take the tool bucket from one pedicure seat to the next client with no sort of cleaning or switching out of the tools to clean ones!  I rarely go for mani/pedis, so maybe this is the norm b/c people didn't seem to care or aren't observant.  I work in healthcare, so this to me is gross to me.  Google MRSA and staph people!!!!  I won't be back.  My manicure was done at the same time as my pedicure.  Not comfortable!
1	To begin they are absolutely horrible and a HUGE RIP OFF, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE NORTH !  I went in today for manicure and pedicure and on the phone she said it was 35.00 dollars.  The pedicure was horrible, the woman next to me was there at least 20 minutes prior to me and I was finished within 15 minutes for manicure and pedicure.  The young woman who did not want to touch my feet, gave horrible massage with no effort or enjoyment.  She was rude, talking to her mates in Chines or Korean as she did my pedicure.  The woman to right was being treated like queen, for me it was 1,2,3 out of the chair.  She cut many corners and did horrible job.  I could not wait to run out the door.  THE BEST PART, SHE CHARGES MY CREDIT CARD $45,00, that is correct for regular manicure and pedicure, I almost dropped to the floor.  When I asked about the price, she told me she had to pay rent for her pricey location.  This salon is old, with old equipment, no beverages offered, not even a magazine, they do not sterilize the equipment.  This is definitelyBUYER BEWARE.
1	ALERT: This place is dirty and they do not sterilize their instruments!  UNSANITARY!This is the worst place I have ever been.  I went with family members today for a pedicure and let me just say it was a disaster from the moment we walked in.  The chairs only move forward and backwards. The nail tech that did my pedicure did not speak one word to me.  She worked really fast even though no one was waiting. She only cut my nails and filed them and did not do my cuticles at all.  She did a super fast moving leg massage for no more than two minutes and then had me dip my feet into a community paraffin container.  Yuck!  Then she peeled off the paraffin and dried my toes and slapped the nail polish on.  After the coat was applied she just put the topcoat on my big toe and then just touched the bush in a single dot on my other toes.  The top coat didn't even cover the polish.  She got up and I looked at my toes and there was polish all over my skin.  I asked her if she could remove the excess polish and she proceeded to actually strip off some of the polish on my toes.  She got the polish back out and touched up several spots she striped off with the brush.  She said thank you and got up and walked away.  I asked her how much that pedicure was and she said 35 dollars. Not only is this the most unprofessional place I have ever been to but my pedicure was less than 20 minutes at best.  My family members and I will NEVER return to this dump.  As a final note, my polish has chipped off my toes within 6 hours.  DO NOT GO HERE!
