4	This is my place of choice for pizza in Maricopa.  I really like the service, the fresh ingredients, and the deals that they constantly offer.  They know what oregano and gravy are about.  Spend a little more and get a good quality taste of Chicago style pizza...delivered to your door with a smile.  And no after - problems with your stomach!  I especially enjoy their white pizzas!
3	Delivered within 45 minutes as promised. The sauce is pretty hearty.  Unfortunately the pizza was burned so it was not that great. Average overall.
2	Pizza sauce is wayyyyyyyyyyyy too sweet.  I love stuffed or deep dish pizzas, but the sauce here kills it for me.
1	After tonight, never again. I have always happily paid more for pizza and eats at Rosatti's because the ingredients were always high quality. No more...Rosatti's just sucks anymore. Toppings are not as high quality as they used to be and they have changed the type of cheese they use and it is icky. It doesn't melt right or something. It's gross. Tonight I didn't feel like cooking or even going to pick up anything so I called Rosati's and ordered a family pan of baked spaghetti with meatballs, garlic bread, and salad. We got a piece of chocolate cake to share too. It was ridiculously gross. It was basically a pan of wet noodles in a "meat sauce" (If there was meat, we didn't see it) that was watery too. It was all covered in that weird gummy cheese and the meatballs tasted like they had freezer burn. The salad was wilted and browned on the edges and the cake also had a taste of having been frozen for a long time. Overall $40 straight down the drain since my family would not even eat it. I would call and complain but the smart ass that always answers the phone could care less so why even bother?
2	I signed up just to review (been thinking about it for a while now, since my hubby is a chef) and rate my experience the other night with the Maricopa Rosati's. I had a VERY similar situation to the review that is currently filtered. Rude service, I was hung up on by the so-called Asst. Manager after I called to express that my pizza was burnt. I was so appalled that I called back and spoke to yet another manager who told me that I would have to track down the owner and he only provided me with his first name "Scott." The only reason I upgraded to a 2 star, is because when my husband went in to return our burnt pizza, they actually made it to our specificiations. Rosati's is usually my pizza of choice, but the Maricopa location is sub-par.
4	Was a good place until they WENT OUT OF BUSINESS!  WTH all the places to eat tank in Maricopa
3	Pretty good pan pizza but NOT good double dough crust. It's way too chewy and tough to eat. Not a bad environment overall but there are better options in town.
2	Over priced for basic italian food
