5	I've seen bad reviews on google and Im not sure why the others have had bad experiences with Adrenaline, but I've now taken my bike there twice and have had a great experience both times. Once they changed out my front tire on my 03 Yamaha. The second time was today where they did a full service and replaced my back tire. My bike is running like a champ! If they were really a bad place as the others make it sound, I don't understand why there would be over twenty bikes and atv's in back getting serviced??? Your opinion may vary with Adrenaline, but I and many others will be back as repeat customers.
5	Found this shop on Craigslist while browsing through the Motorcycles for Sale section. I was passively looking for a bike for the GF to learn on and to use to get back and forth to work on, for a few months, then plan on upgrading to mine to a 600.They had a few adds for 2011 and 2012 Ninja 250s. I visited their website, which is decently laid out, I may add, and filled out their financing application. Short form, easy to fill out.I knew I wouldn't qualify for premium financing, but figured, WTH and tried anyway. I didn't, but they where able to give me in house financing. Not a big deal to me, as I plan on paying the bike off in a few months.Realize that with in-house financing, as with most places for recreational vehicles, you will need to come up with a very substantial down payment, up to half, in most cases. I expected this and when Tommy, the Sales manager (I think, hope I got his position correct, here) called me to inform me of this, it was no surprise. We chatted for a little while and made an appointment for me to come in this weekend to pick one out. They had two colors available, red and black (No one has green in stock, anymore, lol). We opted for the black and have to say, I love the color scheme, even though I would have preferred green, but that's a minor want and nothing they control. Tommy had the paperwork just about all ready, when we showed up this morning. No surprises with the numbers. Everything was as we agreed to, over the phone and through emails. I have to say that this has been the best experience when buying through a dealer, to date. I have had around 20 bikes in my lifetime, a few purchased through dealers and up to this point, every dealer experience had been less than desirable. There where always surprises with the numbers, or what have you. Not this time. Everything went as smooth as silk. I was in and out, under an hour. Would have been shorter, but we chit-chatted for a bit, lol. What else can I say? If you are looking to get into a bike, need help financing and understand what's expected with less-than-premium financing and go in there with that frame of mind, you won't be dissapointed. Great staff. The parts guy is kewl too. I went ahead and ordered a seat cowl while I was there and they're shipping it directly to my house, at no additional cost!Buy from these guys. At least, check them out, when shopping around.-W. Allen
5	I was searching for aftermarket parts for my RZR-XP,  and recieved some above and beyond help from these guys!   Went to pick up my ordered parts and while talking to one of the owners, I decided to purchase  their new Teryx 4 seater for my wife.  I was given a much better price than from competing dealers I talked to in the valley.  Well worth the short drive to Casa Grande!   Thanks guys!!!
