3	Service guy was very friendly and knowledgeable.  A+ in that area.  Mr. Sparky's pricing is awful.  It is the highest I have experienced using three electricians since moving to PHX.  Their pricing is double and sometimes even triple what other qualified electricians charge.  They're placing a lot of value in those shiny, well painted vans and trucks.  Image isn't everything.
1	I had a stand by appointment for a certain day which gets you a cheaper trip charge.  They did not show up that day and asked me to reschedule so I did.  Now I understand why they charge a trip charge, it's because they are so overpriced that i'm sure that a lot of people send them away once they hear what they want to charge.  It was about double what another company quoted me without charging me a trip charge.  I had to pay $49 for the service guy to come to my house and show me their outrageous prices because they wouldnt give me a quote over the phone.  Their price list is a no fuss one price only so I really don't understand why they couldn't give me a quote over the phone.The trucks are really nice looking though!  The service guy that came to my house was nice and knowledgeable.
2	I saw this company on 2 Fix It and thought i'd give them a try. I was charged $320.00 to replace a day/night photo sensor for our front lights. Here's the breakdown...$49.00 service call$89.00 diagnostic fee$199.00 no fuss price to replace the sensor (#3 on their Straightforward Pricing)They replaced the small recessed photo sensor with one that extrudes from the side of the house. Clearly it is not the same part. WTH?!I phoned Mr Sparky to log my complaint - they were very nice. As of now, the owner of the franchise will be calling me to discuss my options. I'll post an update on the results.I just believe that if you are paying over $300.00 for a little photo light sensor, you should get a similar part in return. Unbelievable.To Fix It certainly didn't do their research on this company.
1	Overpriced!! Stay away.  Got charged $350 and they pushed a button to reset my tripped switch.  Saw this on 2 FIXIt and thought it would be a good company but read these reviews and STAY AWAY!  It's all about money and getting all they can once they get into your home.
1	They are complete liar's.  They told me that the service call was one price and then charged me much more.  BEWARE!!!  Then they quoted me for the job that they were going to provide for  $1,000.  I told them that was to much and then quoted me $600.  I find it ironic how they can change the price so drastic.  I decided to use someone more honest.
