5	All about serving was excellent all around. I would say the best part was they were the cheapest I had come across, especially since the location of the person I needed served was in Scottsdale. Darren was super nice, professional, and kept in constant communication the whole time. He got the whole thing done within 2 days from the serving to the filing with the courts. I called late in the day, he instantly went and picked up the paperwork and got on the case. I called three other places and the prices were at least 20 higher than his, others based theirs on location, and you would have to give them a week just to initiate the serving, most charged for expediting if you needed it within 2 days. So by far All About Serving stands above the rest!
5	All About Serving just served my evasive ex husband who'd already dodged a different process server I'd served at least 3 times.  Their server was resourceful and clever in catching him and getting the papers served.Not only did they get the job done for me in less than 24 hours, but they picked up the papers from me within an hour of my inital call, took online payments which speeds up the process (my last process server didn't and the delay sucked, a lot), they were courteous, professional and kept me informed of what was going on with my papers.  I'm VERY pleased.  I highly recommend them.  :)
5	These guys are AWESOME!!!!  Very professional, great with customers, bright, conscientious and polite. I swear they could serve the devil himself!!!!I do this a lot. These guys are good!!!!!!!
5	Trying to beat a dead line to get my ex served they were very good and aggressive, while others were dodged.  I Gave details and they got her served quickly. Highly recommend their service.
5	This was not an easy serve & this company made it happen. Many thanks to All About Serving. I wouldn't hesitate to use them again.
5	Very professional and got the job done in the same day. I was very impressed since my ex who I was having served had no schedule. It's hard to serve someone when their schedule changes daily. Highly recommend All About Serving if you want the job done right.
5	Awesome awesome awesome! Tried to hire another company, but they couldn't get the job done within 10 days. I found All About Serving, and they were able to serve the documents within 24hrs! I will be using them again and would recommend them to anyone!
