1	The Clerks at this location, need a total upgrade with respect to their happiness level.  They have the lowest energy and attitudes that i have ever seen.
1	Total incompetence.  I called Christmas Eve morning to see what time they would close today.  The old lady on the phone said "4 o'clock" then hung up the phone.  I arrive at 2pm to find closed doors.  Another man came along who thought they'd be open until 4pm as well, we tried to get the attention of a clerk who gestured to us that they were closed.  My nephew's christmas present is stuck there now.  If they would have given me the correct hours, I would have gone down earlier.  What bullshit!
1	Not enough clerks. They tolerate a lot from the crazy old people so I won't knock them for taking for everrrrr.  Long lines. Mailmen who put your mail in someone else's mailboxes. Meh.
5	This Post Office is so bad, it's good! It's like stepping into a real-life Saturday Night Live sketch.-Cranky old ladies who take 15 minutes to buy stamps? Check.-Bitter postal workers who loudly comments on every customer's request? Check.-Weird, unshaven, unshowered guy trying to ship a box about the size of a steamer trunk? Check.-Random guy who tries to cut in like because he "just needs to buy a stamp?" Check.-The only clerk who is helping customer mysteriously disappearing for 5 minutes? Check.Really, you can imagine any bizarre scenario and this Post Office will make it come true.
3	Ok, so my experience at this post office has been relatively painless. Yes, there are generally fairly long lines and it's one of the worst errands to run, but this branch typically opens 2 (sometimes 3) lanes at a time. The worst thing here is when you receive a package and have to pick it up. They will take the slip, walk around in the back for what seems like a decade, and come back at some point and say they can't find it (this has happened 3 times to me). However, after a few seconds of pleading they go back and finally find it. They have to have a more effective way to do this. Anyway, compared to other post offices in the city, I will choose to go to this one over the branches in East Liberty and Oakland any day.
4	Surprisingly, I find this quaint community post office refreshing from the ones I've dealt with in the past. Sure typically there's only one teller most of the day but she's nice and knows a lot of the neighbors. As long as you don't let the familiar expectations of how typical post offices operate you'll have a decent time there.
1	Pretty rude experiences here every time I go.  The clerks like to make you feel like you're a burden, often snapping their gum and rolling their eyes at people who have general mailing questions.  I don't care for their attitudes here.  You would think that with the USPS laying of staff left and right that maybe some of the clerks would want to fight for their jobs a little more..  The mailmen in this area are amazing though, and are polar opposite of the clerks.  Friendly, helpful and very on top of things.  Kudos to them for sure!
