5	Donatos is my favorite chain pizza in Charlotte (or anywhere for that matter).  (For individual pizza restaurants, Hawthorne's beats them all.)  Donatos COVER their pizzas with toppings and come up with some unique combinations to entertain diners.  Last time, we had the Founder's Favorite which includes pepperoni, sausage, ham, and -- my favorite -- hot peppers.  YUM!  Spice it up, baby!   Can't wait to try one of the mariachi ones next time.  Ole!   For the kids, we got the Hawaiian pizza which was unique in that it also carried almonds and cinnamon in addition to the regular ham and pineapple.  Hmm.  Interesting.  And inventive.    They may be a little more expensive than the normal chains like Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Domino's, but they are SO worth it.  And with more locations popping up around Charlotte, you're bound to find one in your area that delivers or you can swing by on the way home for pick-up.
4	My first Donato's experience was at the Bobcats game and it was fine...but tonight, my husband and I needed a quick fast dinner to go with the big bag of Costco lettuce I bought...so we picked up two larger 3 topping pizzas, on special for $20. Gotta say, the thin crust, toppings all the way to the border, really hit the spot with our bagged salad kit.  Quick, easy dinner, fast service.  We called to place our order, and 14 minutes later, our order was ready. The 4 stars, not 5 are because I'd like to see more topping options...maybe a BBQ pizza option...and the Margarita pizza is drizzled with "oil" not olive oil, so I translated that into "greasy".
3	I am new in town on temporary work assignment from ATL and I got delivery from here the other weeknight. I ordered a large thin crust veggie pie and some garlic cheese bread.  I signed up and did the online order thing and I really like this feature.  This was the best part of my meal.  The delivery was awesome as they stated online that my expected time was 29 minutes and they arrived in 27 minutes. (I always set the kitchen timer to see how they do)  So A-plus here.  Now for the food-The pie was a good portion.The toppings were fresh.The sauce was fresh, but bland and the cheese was minimal.The whole thing was a little watery and the toppings and cheese seemed to be separate from the crust.This was probably due to the water in the vegetables and then the lack of cheese to hold the whole thing together.The cheesy garlic bread was nice, although pretty greasy, but hey, it's cheesy garlic bread.All was presented well and the driver was friendly.I can't say too many things bad about this place overall, I just did not care for the food very much.It just didn't do it for me, but a good choice if the food DOES do it for you.I may order again, just for the convenience of online ordering and speedy delivery so that I don't have to talk to some kid that will inevitably screw up my order by pushing the wrong picture buttons on the register.
5	I love this pizza. This location is really good too, they are quick and polite.
4	This is some good stuff!! Pizza is good meatball sub is amazing and apple vinaigrette is the best!!! Wings could be crispier.. But everything else is soooo good! And they deliver!
1	Second and LAST time I'll ever order from this place! 1. With tip it came up to $23 for a MEDIUM (12") pizza with 2 Meats. Mushrooms and Extra Cheese. 2. It came over an hour late. Why? ONE of their drivers had an accident. OK, I'm TOTALLY sympathetic to that. But in an area the size of Southpark, they have only TWO drivers? Really? TWO????!!! WTF? 3. It came cold and the TASTE was MEH!Three strikes....You're OUT Donatos!Jet's is FARRRRRRRRRR better. And much less in price. There is TOOOO much competition to have a crappy business model of having only TWO drivers for such a large area. And their pizza just is NOT "all that."Forgettaboutit.Out.
