5	Me and my mate, after a few pubs were feeling in the mood for good curry. My friend (who generally, is an expert on these things) said we should come here, to Indian Mela - and I quote 'For free stuff and great curry'.So thats where we ended up - in Indian Mela about 20 mins before it was due to close. The restaurant itself is small and a bit basic, but there were a few people still in it, enjoying the generally relaxed feeling and friendly staff. We however, we there for the take away side of the business, and as we ordered from the huge menu of traditional and slightly more modern and adventurous sounding dishes - I was shock to hear the lovely member of staff asking us if we wanted complimentary popadoms and dips. So of course we took them, and sat at a table eating free food (as promised) and chatting to the staff. When our food arrived (a bit too quickly for my liking), I was again suprised - not only were the portions huge and smelt great - I had a free lot of onion bhaji's in there as well, just as a free gift. Simply amazing. The food itself was beautiful, full of flavour and with good quality meat and sauce - and the free things seemed to just make the meal even better. Although to be honest, even if Indian Mela hadnt been so generous I would be giving this place 5 stars - the staff are super nice, the food is like nothing I have ever tasted before and the overall price was cheap.Really great.
5	Although Indian Mela doesn't look much from the outside, it is little gem of a place. It is cosy inside the restaurant with a charming and authentic Indian atmosphere. The menu at Indian Mela offers a huge selection of dishes which are reasonably priced at about eight pounds for a main meal. They have a very substantial vegetarian menu with lots of choice and I was very pleasantly surprised with the portion sizes - they were huge so you definitely get what you pay for.  I had the Butter Chicken which was delicious and full of flavour.  The food here also isn't swimming in oil which you frequently find in dishes cooked in other Indian restaurants.  The staff at Indian Mela are incredibly friendly and chatty and the food is freshly prepared and is cooked very quickly.  You are able to book a table online or order a takeaway via phone.  I ordered my food to takeaway and received free popadoms which were an added bonus.  I will certainly be going back again soon.
