4	We were on our way to Panda Express but spotted this place in the same parking lot and decided to check it out.  They have three categories of sandwiches, $3.50, $4.50 and $5.50.  We each got variations of roast beef sandwiches on 8" French rolls for $5.50 ea.  Both were delicious.  They make the bread on the premises so it was uber fresh and soft, not leathery like some places.  Absolutely no grisly or chewy spots, every bite tender and easy to chew.  My only complaint is they had no pepperocini and as good as it was it was kind of bland until I followed my daughter's example and put a little mustard on it.  I like that the clerks greeted us as we walked in and answered all my questions cheerfully.  Oh, and the sandwiches were ready before we could step away from the counter, lickety split.  I was surprised when the clerk said they were open till 10pm weeknights, midnight on weekends.  Wow.  Most delis close mid-afternoon.  If you are looking for a healthy, fresh sandwich late at night, this is the place to go.  I'll be back!
4	I don't really "get" Jimmy Johns. I have some friends who would give their first born for a sub from this place, but I just think it's alright. Anyways, after a hike up in Scottsdale, the boy and I stopped by here for a quick lunch on the way home. It was around noon so it was pretty busy, but of course we got our order taken pretty quickly and received our subs shortly after. We both got the bootlegger club and they were both really good. I have to say though, the layout of the restaurant is really awkward, as in where the soda fountain is what feels like inches away from a booth and is in the middle of the seating area so it was really crowded with people getting their subs/getting sodas/going to sit in the back. BUT, I have to say that for the price, JJs is a really good deal. $5 for a huge sub that definitely filled me up.
4	OMG I LOVE YOU JIMMY JOHNS. YOUR SUBS ARE SO MEATY. and fairly priced. The guys that work at Jimmy John's are pretty cute, to boot. They are SO FAST, too! The Gargantuan is my absolute favorite! It's gigantic! I've had it with, and without bacon, and I gotta say, it's better without the bacon.  Bread is always fresh, flavorful, and perfectly baked.
4	I think one of their mottos is something like, "Delivery so fast you'll freak" and they are not kidding!  Now granted, I used to work right across Baseline, so they didn't have far to travel, but I would order online, click Submit, and the delivery guy would be at my office door within 5 minutes.  Freaky fast!  How is that even possible?I would estimate that the Sub sandwiches have about half of the contents of the Giant Club Sandwiches.  While I really enjoy the Italian Night Club, I just can't finish it, so I switched the Vito and that's just right.  The sandwiches don't have pickles on them, but you can order a giant deli pickle on the side and they offer it whole, halved, or quartered.The online ordering system is really efficient and allows you to order exactly what you want; plus this, minus that, extra this, etc.  Are they the greatest subs in the whole world?  Well, no, but they are good and the price and quick service make it a great deal.My new office is just 2 miles away (still within the delivery range) so I'm interested to find out how fast delivery will be.
5	This is the best sandwich chain around, hands down. Im not big into chain restaurants, but I like JJ. Their food is good and well priced.
4	Is it the GREATEST SANDWICH ON EARTH? Hell no! But it's fast and inexpensive with crisp-tasting ingredients, and served on really fresh, good-quality bread. It is very good. Service is quick and efficient and the restaurant is clean. The menu is easy to maneuver and I hear they deliver, too.
2	After hearing so many people rave about this place I had to go in and see what all the fuss was about. I ordered a country club sub and I was not impressed. The sandwich was mediocre at best, overloaded with mayo- I think I could have tossed together a better sandwich at home. The bread was too thick, I had to pick a lot of it off just to get to the meat. I would possibly consider trying another sandwich sometime but my first experience with Jimmy Johns doesnt leave me wanting to go back or suggest it to someone else.
4	These places are sprouting all over the valley! I am happy there is one closer, because these sandwiches are great! Last time I had the vegetarian, so this time I added some meat, with The Hunter. Roast beef and provolone on wheat. Yum! Definitely a good place to go when you're sick of Subway (and who doesn't get sick of Subway?). My only negative is there isn't any wifi. That's really become important to me. I wanted to check in and let people know the great food I was having for lunch right then and there, rather than waiting.
5	"Deliver so fast you'll freak!" I totally freaked out! I was on my 30min lunch yesterday, and wanted Panda Express. Went to Panda didnt realize I was too early. 9:30a.m I shall say. Yes, Early lunch since I start work at 4am..Panda was still close, then I decided to try the sub from Jimmy Johns. Damn was I impressed with their service! While the cashier was ringing up my order, the Sandwich maker was preparing my sandwich! and best of all, I was given my changes along with my order! and the best part! The Roast Beef sub was delicious!
4	Went there yesterday and got a sub, it was great.  Bread is the best, real chewy, almost sourdough like, without being stale.   People making my sandwich were really nice and friendly, cute too!    I got a number 8....don't remember the name of it.  The only downside is I didn't eat it right away and it got a little soggy because there's a lot of mayonnaise on it.  Don't get me wrong, I like a lot of mayonnaise, so I didn't have a problem with it.  Just didn't know it would get soggy if it sat.  The solution to this problem, eat that sub as soon as you get it..and I will.  I'll be back, Jimmy Johns!
4	It's not the greatest sandwich, but it's fast, cheap, and good. I like Capriotti's a lot better, but their sandwiches are a bit more pricey. For the money, Jimmy John's can't be beat.The service isn't the best or most helpful. The decor is definitely geared to the college-aged crowd and the prices match it.The french rolls that the subs come on are soft, crusty, and chewy. The meats that I've had were very flavorful, unlike the meats at most Subways.If you're looking for a good, quick, and cheap sandwich, this is good. And their delivery service, for just one sandwich, that makes it worth keeping on your speed dial if you're in their delivery area.
5	This place is amazing, Their approach to food is different from subway, the food is always high quality and fast. As it should be. In fact, They are even faster than subway. The moment you order, it is done without minutes. Sometimes it can get busy but the time you wait is reasonably fast. In terms of price, all the sub's are priced about 1$ higher than subway, but not a big deal, everything is very cheap and affordable still. And this Tempe location has excellent customer service and is very kind.I suppose the only down side to this restaurant is that you can not customize the sub's. Which is not really an complaint.
5	So what, you might ask yourself, separates JJ's from the likes of the amazing story with Jared and Subway, or the weird commercials with the mice and Quiznos? I will tell you. First, JJ's bread is so soft and fresh with just a bit of crisp on the outer layer, which makes their subs "hands down" the best. While we are comparing the breads, Subway's bread can get soggy and Quiznos can either be soggy or too hard on the corners leaving wasted food. Next, the service at JJ's is outstanding with at least 3 people working on your one sub to get it to you within seconds, literally. With Subway and Quiznos you have to wait at least 5 minutes for the sandwich maker to figure out your toppings after repeating yourself 3 times and Quiznos you will wait for your sub to be baked....Lastly, the prices tie in the service and quality of food to give you a fast and tasty experience without burning a small hole in your pocket. Go Jimmy John's when you can! Why else do you think they are popping up on almost every street corner? It's worth it!
5	They're not kidding about "freaky fast delivery"-- they don't mess around. I ordered my sandwich at noon, and they were at my door at 12:04. FOUR MINUTES! I barely had time to get my pants on! I was wide-eyed and gaping at the delivery guy. How do they do it????As far as the sandwich goes, it's nothing to write home about. The bread is amazing, but what's inside the bread isn't all too exciting. I prefer Quizno's.If I were just rating the sandwich, I'd give Jimmy John's a 4-star review. But because they are suspiciously fast with delivery, this place deserves all 5.
3	Sandwiches are good... but when I went to their nutrition facts I was appalled by how much sodium is in one of these! Maybe indulge here once a year but other than that, the sodium will kill ya.
5	"Freaky fast" indeed. Its right by my current jobsite and I only have half an hour for my lunch.  This sub shop is always speedy, and their sandwiches are still always made as if they took their time.Its always clean, the employees are always in great spirits, and they always have great music of all different genres playing that help me forget about work for my brief getaway. If you're in a crunch for time near this place and a sandwich sounds good, this place is great.
1	1.5 miles from my home. They told me that I was outside of their delivery area. Huh? a mile and a half!! It's ok.. The party of 20 that Jimmy wouldn't feed? We called the Cheba Hut.. 6 miles away. And they delivered! Freaky nothing...
4	Not as good as Tempe @ Elliot & Kyrene, but still the fastest sandwiches in the West & I looooovve the bread!
2	Good Food, VERY RUDE PEOPLE WORKING AT THIS LOCATION.  I will not go back.
5	Jimmy John's is a staple classic for a late-night snack after the bars in Bloomington, Indiana, home of Indiana University. Was so happy to see it expand into Arizona. My staple is the #12 -- Beach Club. Can't go wrong with having it on the multi-grain bread or the french bread. Many friends swear by the Turkey Tom, but I find it to be too plain. Service is rapid and I have NEVER waited longer than 40 seconds for my sandwich after ordering.
3	Heard great things about Jimmy Johns, so we stopped by and tried their subs last night. I wasn't impressed. Not much in the roll, which wasn't real fresh, except lettuce. If they had squirted more of the dressing on the roll, it might have been better. As it was, I had to  check and see if they put anything on it at all. I think Firehouse does a better job.
4	I've had JJs delivered to many of our school events and boy they got one of the best sandwiches. Our school organization orders from many different places around the neighborhood from Subway, Rubios, Papa Johns, etc. And I gotta say, they are pretty on point with their delivery and service. As for the food, it's definitely a step up from subway. Their bread is not airy or tasteless like Subway and they have the right amount of meat, lettuce, and tomato. I'm not sure if they have more toppings, but I like how they keep it simple because it tastes good! One thing that I did notice about their sandwiches is that they sometimes put a lot of mayo on it and don't give it to you separately. So if you are not a fan of mayo, make sure to ask for it off?
4	I love going for lunch here. Always a friendly greeting by the staff and they make it fast. Can't remember how many times I've been at this location, but I enjoy it. I always order the same thing, the #9 Italian Night Club. It's always made right and tastes even better. The quality is very good and the bread tastes excellent.
4	The only reason they dont get 5 stars is because the meat and stuff slides around in the sandwich too much while you are eating it. Now I know that happens in most sandwiches. But  If they could find some way to remedy that I would give them the fifth star all day. The French bread they put their fix ins in must have a little crack cocain baked into it cuz I just can't get enough. I always do the country club. When I got some real hunger issues I'll rock the he'll out of the J.J. Gargantuan. Please Believe!
5	My first 5 star review:Solid subsAnd they'll do a delivery on a single sandwichAnd it doesn't take forever to get here.This place fires on all cylinders. I have been in to eat, picked up and had it delivered (and from at least three locations in the area also) and they have yet to disappoint. And I am a picky, add-this-no-that kind of customer.Wish they delivered even later than they do, but they blow pretty much every other sub place out of the water.
2	Confusing, disorganized, OVER staffed.Mind you the bread was awesome, and even though my sandwich ended up being bare (yet I didn't order that plain one) I enjoyed the sandwich.I won't be back, nor will my family that actually lives in the area. The menu is a mess, and the handheld menus (so you know you don't have to look up on the board like a giraffe) have what I'm guessing is about a 9 point font.There were 10 or so people staffed on a Sunday evening. For a store that could easily do with 5 or 6 at max.So the bread earned them 2-stars. But watch out, they charge $.50 for wheat bread. (Lame)
4	So you walk into this location, and it is over staffed. And as I walked in, I was expecting bad service and attitude (yes, I judge books by their covers).  But I was pleasantly surprised, the young men were so friendly and joking (good personalities).  The sandwiches are awesome. My daughter and I order different clubs.  I add cucumber to mine.  Let me just say there is soooo much meat, it hangs off the bread. Speaking of the bread, it is phenomenal. Our new favorite subs in the area.
1	I have simple request...no tomatos.  Not because I don't like them, but because they can KILL ME!!That means clean gloves, clean knife, cut the bread on a clean cutting board or as a minimum a clean piece of paper under the bread.  I only want onions on my sandwich...can you please get them from the back...not from the tray where you've previously dipped you tomato contaminated finger into every vegetable on the line.  To include the onions I want.I know you have a system where you make sandwiches quickly.  But for gods sakes, slow down, listen to my instructions and do it the way I ask you.  You screw this up I end up in the hospital because my breathing has stopped (BTDT...no fun).  On the other hand you slow down for 1 minute, you save a life and make a customer happy.It only took you 3 tries to get this right.  First try I just walked away because you clearly weren't listening to my needs.  Second try you delivered a sandwich, when unwrapped, had several tomato seeds (enough to KILL ME) between the paper and the bread.  Last try...success.Wouldn't it have been better for you to listen to what I had to say and slow you crew down so they understood exactly what they were dealing with?If someone tells you they have a food allergy, especially one that is easily accommodated, pay attention, do what they ask...you just might save a life.
3	Dear Jimmy Johns,Love the food, hate the guy answering the phone for delivery.  If you are mad at the world and do not give a  s^%T about how you project yourself to your customers like you don't care that we have a million choices in the sandwich arena and we chose you, then you my friend have found the right job cause you are an expert.  You answered the phone at 130 pm on May 24.  Good luck cause that was the worst phone service I have ever gotten from a Jimmy John's ever.
1	Jimmy Johns gets an F-minus.The "freaky-fast" service is too fast - meaning they frequently screw up my orders and don't give me what I want as far as extras on my sandwiches or they put something on there I didn't ask for and didn't want.  There are WAY too many people in that line-assembly back there, which is why I am guessing there must be confusion and therefore orders are not prepared as the customer has asked.But even much lamer is their corporate policy to NOT give you bags or napkins.  They don't even offer them to you! There are no napkins to be found anywhere in the store except "hiding behind the counter".  A corporate person today said that you are more than welcomed to reach over the counter and grab some if you need them. What kind of messed up minds would actually make it a POLICY to not give out napkins? Sound petty? It IS petty, but the pettiness is on them!  I'll give them kudos for the delicious bread, but the number of times my orders have been messed up? And their stupid napkin policy?  1 star may be too many for them.  I'll agree with another reviewer, too, about the menu being up on the ceiling.  This place seems to be more about how fast and cheap they can do things and not about customer service.
3	This place is quite the rave! Everyone has been telling me to Try Jimmy Johns!  I could not believe how fast they made my sandwich! Before i even put a way my wallet my sandwich was ready!.....Really i didn't even know you could make a sandwich that fast! That kinda sketches me out!  It was great tasting as well! However they did mess up on my order, but they were really nice about fixing there mistake! All together i thought Jimmy Johns was average.
1	You know why they're so "fast" at making sandwiches? Because there's no toppings except like, lettuce, onion and tomato. Boring.Also, these places are way overstaffed. And they're not very knowledgable. I have food alergies I have to watch out for, and I went in the other day and asked what was in their "special sauce" (whatever it's called) on their tuna sandwich.........there were SIX (6) employees behind the counter and they all just looked dumbfounded. Shouldn't your employees know what's in the food?? Annoying. So I stuck with my usual turkey.Anyway, to the food. One thing I LOVE about this place is they make "unwiches" which is like a sandwich, but instead of bread, it's a lettuce wrap. This is great for me because I can't eat bread, but sometimes I really crave some turkey and salami on a sandwich. Small tip: if you don't like a TON of mayo, make sure to mention it, because they load this stuff with it otherwise.EDIT:Well, looks like I won't ever be eating here again. http://www.bilerico.com/2012/05/more_than_one_reason_not_to_eat_at_jimmy_johns.php
5	I love JJ's. Here's what I love about them:- "Freaky" fast (like, by the time you are done paying and putting your change away, your sandwich is ready)- Very clean interior- Clever, hip angle- Mega friendly staff (so refreshing since most of them are HS or college-aged, normally the rudest, most self-involved set, but these ones are SOOO friendly and nice it's obviously company culture)- Their bread (yummm)- The Vito- Very reasonable pricesI could go on. They deliver, but not to my house, which is aggravating, but hell, I will drive to them! I love JJ's!
3	Speed I like. Friendly staff. Sandwiches need a little more work, but this place is decent if you are in a hurry. Nice little outdoor seating as well.
1	Wish I could say something about the food, but I never got it. I tried to order for a meeting at work. Probably a $700 order. But, OMG, we were about 1/4 mile outside their delivery area. Hello!!! I asked to speak with the manager, and the guy said he was the manager, and I was out of luck. Is the recession over for these guys? Firehouse makes good subs. And they brought them to me.
4	I love the bread, its got this great chewyness to it. They don't lie about being fast either, everytime I've been they have my food ready before I finish paying.
4	Its been years since I've had Jimmy Johns and well lets just say I wasn't impressed. This time however was completely different. I had the italian club and it was very tasty, lots out fresh meat and cheese on a french roll, I was impressed. For about 8 bucks I got the sandwich, a drink and a pickle that was almost as big as the sandwich! Definitely coming back.
1	Unfortunately, I have to echo ask the comments about the rude service. I used to like Jimmy Johns, but the customer service from the manager Thomas was horrible. He told me they do not deliver to our office because of the metal detectors, and that we have to go down and pick it up. This is untrue because as I explained I had ordered from them multiple times previously. He then said it takes too long for them to deliver to us when they have five other orders to get to. I ended up canceling my order, and granted they may not need my $10, but you would hope they would at least be honest and nice. No need to spend money here for over-priced mediocrity when there are tons of other sandwich places around.
5	#8 Billy Club w/hot peppers.  Is there a better sandwich on the market?  I think not.  Fresh bread, vegetables & meat make for an award winning sub.  Freaky Fast service!  I love this place.
4	Good sandwiches, fast delivery. Call don't order online for the quickest delivery.I have had an issue with an order once and they took care of ot quickly.
2	So, I have ordered from this location no less than 35 times in the last 2 years. In the last year or so, I started not receiving napkins with my order. It got bad enough that I started making a note in the delivery instructions to please bring napkins, but they never showed up. I tried calling the manager who promised to send them, but no dice. Sounds petty, but I order messy sandwiches. In the last 6 months, out of 15 orders, I've received napkins exactly twice. Today, we ordered lunch for 12 of us for a seminar we were holding. We got 4 napkins with the order, and no straws for the drinks.The service at this location is getting worse, and management does not seem interested in fixing it. I recently discovered a Togo's close by. Better food, napkins a-plenty, better price. I'm switching.
5	Jimmy Johns use to be an every Tue lunch deal for me. Me and a boyfriend at the time, used to come here before an afternoon at santan village In Gilbert. The employees were soo friendly/funny. They knew us and our order soo good, as we walked In, they would all yell "Hi" and before we left "Bye" really loud!! Made me laugh so hard Everytime!! Ya ya little things keep me entertained but It was really cute! I love how your order Is ready, well for us before we even finished saying what we wanted!!!  And they would come talk to us like friends. Very friendly, and fun. Waaaay better then subway and much better bread! The only thing I'm sad about Is they took away the sprouts!! So sometimes I just bring my own if I know I'm gonna stop here. Yes I always have sprouts at home, I love them on salads and wraps! But please bring them back! This place Is epic 10 stars!!
4	The commercials are no joke! These guys are fast! The sandwiches are delicious, the employees there are friendly and keep the restaurant pretty clean. I had just finished swiping my debit card when BAAM my sandwiches were ready! The fact that they are so fast doesn't mean your sandwich will be wrong or lacking ingredients! Oh and yes, they are really yummy!
2	Great subs! Whole family loves them.  But I just realized they charge 25% delivery fee.  Are you kidding me?  Next time we'll drive to Cousins or Subway instead.  Freaky fast; Yes.  Freaky ridiculous delivery fee too!
4	Lightning fast, delicious bread, good mayonnaise... Lots of good things going on here. Not enough meat for my taste though... But that's ok because you can purchase double meat. A double meat sub from Jimmy John's is just about as perfect as you can get except for one thing: it's a little pricey for me. Sometimes a sub par $5 sub from subway is just a better way to spend my money...
5	Lighting fast sandwich making skills! I could hardly believe. Fresh and delicious food. Yumm
5	As far as JJ's goes, this one is good. Food is always good and the service is great. They are definitely very fast with their deliveries, which is awesome!
1	This place has horrible horrible customer service!  And this was from the store's manager!  Our office staff orders from them on a daily basis and I myself order at least $50 worth of food when I do so they're definitely losing out on that since I'm now calling the other location close by to place my orders.  I wish there were other places that delivered in my area.Haha looking at the other dissatisfied reviews for this location it sounds like the manager at this location has major customer service issues!  I'm seriously considering calling corporate...wondering if that would even do anything?
1	don't order online from this location. want mustard? extra vinaigrette? extra peppers? extra anything that doesn't come with a basic sandwich?! forget about it. delivery is fast but the food is shitty because of the blatant disregard for individual orders. they deliver what they want, not what you want, 90% of the time.
