5	I kissed girls in elementary school. Junior high too. I even dated a few girls early in high school. Then one summer evening I kissed a girl at Denny Dunn Park. My world would never be the same. It was like nothing that had ever happened to me before. I ate lunch at San Francisco Sourdough Eatery today. It's exactly 56 steps from my desk. I've had this day circled on my calendar for months. I've watched the build out take place. I stalked the website. I went as far as to commit my first order to memory. I was prepared for the life changing moment this time. I wouldn't be destiny's pawn twice. I took a casual stroll through the front door and was warmly greeted by the scent of sourdough, fresh cookies, and fate. I recited my order from memory. This was happening. I felt the jolt from that warm summer air. Covered in a haze of hunger and excitement, I prepared to bite in to my long awaited meal. I've never eaten unicorn, but I would imagine it tastes very similar to the turkey and salami sandwich I've just finished. The bread is soft and chewy with a nice crunch to the crust. The meats are fresh sliced and generously served. The veggies are fresh.I'll never be able to recapture that exact moment in the park, but I'll eagerly be waiting for lunch tomorrow.
3	False advertisement sucks... When I see San Francisco and Sourdough in the same sentence, my mouth automatically starts watering.  So when Hubby and I were driving down St. Rose this weekend and I saw a sign that said San Francisco Sourdough Eatery, and it had a picture of sandwiches so highly piled with meat it doubled the amount of bread, all I could say was "WHAAAT?".  Naturally we jumped on yelp to find one five star review of the place.  Only one, but they just opened and are in an obscure location, so we could only believe it to be true... and we decided to check it out for ourselves.We walked into the empty sandwich shop at around 2pm on a Tuesday, and were greeted by the friendly staff, and what looked like the owners having lunch.  Hubby ordered the C Combo; a cup of the soup of the day, Clam Chowder, and a Large 7'' Pastrami and Turkey.  And I got the Regular 5'' Turkey.  It took a bit for the order to be ready, but we got it to go, and went home to be blown away... or so we thought.Let's get to the nitty gritty.  We gave the soup a 3.5.  It was decently seasoned, and chunky in all the right places, but the consistency was a bit too runny for chowder.  Now the sandwiches were so far from what they looked like on the menu and advertisement sign out front, and the sourdough seemed so, well... so so, that we were both very disappointed to say the least.  I was expecting outstanding from all the ad hype, and what we got was just normal and blah.  Think Subway on sourdough with less vegis and no umph.  The best thing about the sandwiches were the pickles that came with them.  The search for the perfect sandwich shop in Vegas continues...
5	I was a little nervous to walk into this place because I know it is new and in an awkward area, but hopefully through the power of Yelp, it will pick-up and business will boom at this well deserving place. I was nervous because I expected to walk in to an eager set of a sandwich maker's eyes ready to over serve me and hear the obnoxious & awkward humming of the industrial refrigerator. Oh, how I was so wrong. They had a large staff already making sandwiches for a possible pick-up order and I was greeted with a welcoming crew. They left me alone to decide on my decisions;) and I chose a number 15 (turkey and lean pastrami)... regular size. My order was taken and I sat down in the neatly and cleanly decorated place.. very quick... and hand delivered... I got it to go so I could indulge and analyze this sandwich in my own private surroundings.. OH MANN. The bread on this thing (yeah, its called the SOURDOUGH eatery, but how often do titles back-up what they represent???) was incredible. It is a mild sourdough with the perfect amount of crustiness backed up by its light, airy, all the while perfectly dense breadiness! Then comes the mayo (which they make themselves with peppers in the mix), the Dijon, purple onion, sliced tomato, shredded lettuce.... then the meats. There is NO skimping out on the meat here. Perfectly layered with an incredibly generous portion. The turkey was delicious and the pastrami had just enough saltiness. Every flavor and texture stood out from its own while combing with each other in a beautiful harmony!!! Should food sound like a poem or a song?? Uhmm.... YES. and Sourdough eatery does this! The Regular size filled me to the brim at just $5.99 and next time I will be getting the Half sandwich.. I also can't wait to come back for a breakfast sandwich of theirs which they had for $1.99. I'm glad I went out of my "comfort level" to come to try this place out... a true Henderson treasure.
4	Clean delicious sandwiches! Fresh bread, meats and soup. We had a Reuben and a Pastrami sandwich. Simple, direct and to the point goodness. Also ordered a Clam Chowder in a bread bowl and devoured it within minutes! That bread is a winner and makes everything so good. A tiny gripe is that the sandwich meats aren't quite piled as high as in the pictures on display, but I guess you have to order double meat? Breakfast, lunch or dinner they are in there! I say this cause from the road you can't see inside through the tinted windows and it's hard to tell if they are open or have any customers, but try it and see! You'll find some good food at decent prices! We'll be back soon.
2	I tried going there for breakfast today. When I called at 10:45AM to place a phone order, they said they were no longer serving breakfast. When I asked what time they stopped serving breakfast, they said 11AM! Okay, whatever. I decided to order a lunch sandwich and they told me they were out of bread. Yes, you read that right - the SF "Sourdough" Eatery did not have bread. I guess if you want breakfast during the time they serve breakfast, or a sandwich with bread, you're out of luck!To be fair, we've eaten there once before and the food was great. However, not sure how much longer they'll be around, if they continue to run their business this way.
1	I wanted to love this place because it is in my neighborhood and I crave a nice deli sandwich so often. This story does not have a happy ending.For starters I had driven to this place three times only to discover they were closed each time. The hours are not compatible with my belly. Either are the sandwiches.....Let me say that the sandwich tasted amazing and I was ready to be in a monogamous relationship with that bread. Insanely delicious. The meat was flavorful as well. I ordered the Italian heated. I was really happy. My guest ordered a different sandwich and clam chowder. The soup was a bit runny, but he did enjoy his sandwich. After we left we both felt as if we were in our last trimester, but we were still all about the good food. We head to Best Buy.While my guest was looking at televisions I noticed I started getting super stomach cramps. I excused myself to sprint to the ladies room. Nothing happened-still cramping. My stomach cramps lasted for 24 hours. My guest ended up with explosive diarrhea and 48 hours later his stomach is still hurting and having Octomom contractions...... Now, I really support new, neighborhood businesses and want them to make it and make me happy with their food. I am unclear on why we both fell ill from the food, but it's not okay for that to happen. They are a super clean and friendly business who maybe just needs to throw out the mayo. I don't know. All I know is I will not be returning..... :(
3	Yum! Good place, but questionable service and virtually no seating. Their phone was ringing the entire time and they ignored it, but then picked it up and took it off the hook. Pretty lame. Hopefully, this was a startup mistake.
4	Great VERY clean place with a nice vibe. Had the pastrami with a cup of chowder. Wife had the Lg Italian salad. Both enjoyed our meal and the price was fair. I have had better chowder for sure but pretty decent all the same. My one gripe was all the tables are tiny and they have plenty of space so I don't see the logic. Wife and I were crowded at a table meant for 4. Hope they keep up the good work. I am real skeptical about the location since it isn't the easiest to get into.
4	Loved the food there, had the cracked pepper turkey and a side salad combo.  My BF had the turkey garlic pesto and he loved it!!  Portions are not as big as I thought they would be...normally I am full with half a sandwich but next time I think I will order the medium.  The sandwich had great flavor and the sourdough bread was fantastic.  Their salad was good, veggies fresh n their Italian dressing tastes home-made and delicious! Now if only they would be open a couple more hours I could hit them for dinner too...Second trip was for breakfast and it was delicious! Definitely will be going back there soon!
4	My wife and I had lunch here today (Sat). We both had the pastrami & turkey with everything on it (American cheese, lettuce, mayo, dijon mustard, tomato, onion). I had the combination C (the soup combo) with chili, and my wife also the soup combo with clam chowder.Everything tasted great. The soup came with 3 slices of sourdough bread. The chili was quite tasty,  medium kick, ground beef and no beans. Could have used some chopped onion and cheese. My wife's clam chowder was quite tasty. Better than what I've had in San Francisco. The meats were good quality.The reason for minus one star:The sourdough bread could have more "sour" and it was quite soft, especially the crust.  I like my crust a bit harder. Also, the meat was sliced paper thin. This caused the texture, when eaten to be somewhat like tuna salad. I couldn't tell whether I was eating turkey or pastrami. It was all mush.But as I said the taste in general was very good. We will definitely come back and try other things.
5	Stopped in on a whim and boy was I surprised. The sandwich was basic but tasty and has fresh tasting ingredients with great bread and the clam chowder was perfect and came with a generous piece of sourdough for dipping. Large sandwich, soup and a soda for just over $10 is a deal I will take advantage of again.
4	This place is dope!!!! I'm from Cali and used to go to the Bay and the coast all the time for clam chowder! This place is a good fix to hold off the Joneses! The sourdough bread is made fresh and crazy good!! Love this spot!!! The only thing i would like to see is more seating. the last couple times i came with my boys, we had to wait for a seat after we got our order. But well worth the wait i might add. The owners are very nice and super friendly!!!
3	Ok... so I hit this place up on a Friday afternoon around 12:30pm for lunch... it was busy-ish... not slammed but busy... all the tables were taken as were most of the counter stools.Pros:- Great Sourdough Bread!  Totally Awesome!- Fresh ingredients- Good location...easy 'in' and 'out'... good parking... Pecos and Paseo- More than just a sandwich shop.... they have breakfast items, soup, salads and pizza on the menuCons: - Sandwiches are 'bready'....meaning mostly bread- Meat is about 1/2 of what is shown in the examples- The Garlic Pesto... was not really all that "Garlic Pesto-y"... I was hard pressed to taste the Garlic or the Pesto seasoning in the turkey meat- Allegedly they have soup, but there was no sign saying what the soup of the day was- Not many tables... about 7 or 8 so plan on taking out unless you get lucky and can grab a table- Menu is not that creative... pretty typical stuff
4	3.75 Stars It was nice to see the constant flow of patrons streaming into the building. Always a good sign to see people enjoying the local eateries once again. As a Bay Area Native I was skeptical of the authenticity of their Sourdough . Must say I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered a half Italian and Broccoli Soup combo and enjoyed my lunch. The sandwich was very good with a sufficient amount of meat and not overloaded with lettuce to overcompensate for the lack of goods that you might find at other places. Their bread was nice and soft with a good measure of sourness to tease the palate. After inquiring about their bread I learned that their dough is actually par-baked in San Francisco. This helps at least psychologically as it brings a certain amount of nostalgia to the experience. The Broccoli soup was your typical food distributor soup which is not necessarily a bad thing. I know Sysco and U.S. Foods make some pretty tasty soups. Overall the experience was exactly what you would want from a sandwich shop, no fireworks but a general all-around solid performance. I hope to see they become well established here in the neighborhood.
3	Italian Sandwich/Split Pea Soup ComboDecent sandwich, could have had a better meat selection and meat quality.Soup: Nothing special. The only thing notable was the serving size. I ordered the "normal" and it came in a small Styrofoam cup. This place is OK at best.
3	I was soooo hoping for better, being from the Bay Area in California..  But it was just "alright"..  I'm a huge fan of tomato bisque soup, and it was just so-so..  So was my turkey pesto sandwich..
4	i have to say this place is a little on the pricey side, but the food is really good... i was not so much a fan of the soup as i was the sandwhich...tukey pesto on warm bread...holy cow it was great!
3	I was pretty excited to try this place because I love a good sourdough sandwich! I was home sick one day and asked my husband to bring me a soup and sandwich combo for lunch. When the husband got home I realized there was no soup, yet he paid for it on the receipt. Yup, the husband is more to blame than the shop, but in any case I was still upset. Ok, so I can't review the soup unfortunately! However, I did get to try the sandwich. It was very light on the meats and heavy on the bread. The bread wasn't all that yummy or special (Jimmy Johns and Great Harvest are two places with much better bread!). The meats were just ok (Port of Subs and Capriotti's both have better) and I can't say I'd return here. It was clearly better than a Subway, but that's not really all that impressive when it costs over twice as much! There are too many superior sandwich options in Vegas to get excited about this place.
4	This is a new lunchtime winner!  For those seeking nourishment in Henderson from 12-1 p.m.,  life can suck.   However, there is a new, quick-lunch savior in town -- San Francisco Sourdough.  I'm not a big sandwich person, maybe my genese are defective, but if they have breadbowls, I am there!  Luckily, this one is a good one. I chose tomato basil (the other choice was clam chowder) and it was served in a warm and toasty breadbowl.  A massive breadbowl, mind you, plus four chunks of warm sourdough bread for dipping.  You will be so carbed out.  However, the soup was tasty and the bread tasted fresh and soft.  Such a win at $6.99.I'm not sure about the sandwiches though....they looked a little blah? Very few condiment choices on the menu, so, if you like a salad on your sandwich, or like some extra kick, this may not be your joint.  Prices are higher than Subway but you are getting the tasty, tasty bread.P.S.- Lookout because they're packed during lunch and have very few tables.
5	After reading the reviews- Still amazes me how some people want to kick but on the simplist of things. I was passing by and decided to stop and try for myself.  Great store, Busy place, but boy, I see why, amazing bread,service and atmosphere.  Will be back.
5	For all of the not so good reviewers....Please check this place out again!!! I drove from the Northwest to eat here a 2nd time, and WOW!!!! Not only were they closing it was 606pm... they close at  600pm and they stayed open, stopped cleaning up, But the sandwiches were amazing! Maybe to eat in is the best way to have the hot bread experience. The employees were so sweet and thoughtful. Again, I was happy. My favorite sandwich so far in Las Vegas. The turkey pesto with anything is fantastic!! Cant wait to eat there again!! Give them another try.... Ask for fresh hot bread, I am sure they will oblige!!
4	This place is TASTY.  Be sure to check it out.1.  Parking - Easy Peasy. Strip mall as normal and easy to get into and out of on the corner of Paseo Verde and St. Rose.2.  Ambiance - Small but long and narrow, there are about tables here that you can eat in.  Clean, spartan and minimalist, however, very comfy overall.3.  Selection - Takes a few minutes to figure out all their choices, but their menu covers almost anything you would want to order.  Great selections of soups, breakfast, sandwiches and salads. Overall very nice.4.  Food -  You gotta come here for the bread, as it is warmed in the oven and then your sandwich is made.  The taste of warm sourdough is awesome and can't get any better for a really nice taste of good ole San Francisco.  They also pile on the meat and cheese, unlike the other traditional sub places that seem to give you just a smattering of the meat and cheese and then a lot of the other filling.  So, pound for pound, this place gives you alot!5,  Food Part 2 - I ordered four sandwiches all diferent.  The Turkey, the Sourdough, the Garlic Pesto and the Pastrami.  All very good and the best part is that they are of good and decent size.  They have two sizes.6.  Price - The price is very reasonable. I ordered 4 of the large sandwiches for a total of 30.00.7.  Service - Wow, now this is what I call professional.  They are all there waiting to serve you.  I went at 2:00 pm and there were several people in front of me. When it came time, they are very fast at making the sandwich and they will come out from around the serving table and give it to you.  Kinda like when you buy something at Nordstroms.Now, my family enjoyed, and yet they do like the bread selections of the other sub places as well as the spices and oils used at the other places.  For a real meaty sandwich, I prefer this place.And, the owners are british and well, I have had plenty of sandwiches in the UK and these folks make a real mean US style sandwich. Not as much meat as a deli like Jason's, but a lot more than the other places here....GK says check it out mate!
5	For a lunch on the go it is my favorite. I get the Italian with everything (sourdough of coarse)+ pepperoncinis to give it a kick, its the best. Don't forget they have coupons on entertainment.com if you are a member or the Henderson press.
3	The Las Vegas area has no shortage of submarine sandwich places, so a restaurant really has to stand out from the rest just to stay in business.  Unfortunately, this place seems to be just another sub shop.They try to make it stand out by offering their creations on sourdough bread, and their version is fairly good.Where they SEVERELY lack is personality.  The person behind the counter never greeted me.  he just gave me a blank stare until I ordered my meal.  I even mentioned that this was my first time at this store and indicated that I was confused by a few things.  He didn't really try to assist or make any recommendations, nor did anyone else that was within earshot.My suggestion to management:  Next time you're at the grocery store, buy some wet noodles and put them behind the counter.  I think they'll have more personality! I ordered a 1/2 Ruben and salad combo for $7.   The guy behind the counter asked me the standard questions "Do you want mustard and mayo on it?".  Early in life I learned never to trust a deli that offers mayo on your corned beef... so I made a little joke about that... they were not amused.  The same old blank stare.The sandwich came and it was OK.  The photos that they have on the menu make it appear as though you get 2 to 3 times the amount of meat than what really came on it.    The quality of the corned beef was good, it wasn't the cheap, thinly cut "Carl Buddig" style that some of their competitors use, although it's also not the same premium quality that you'd find in a NY Deli.All in all the place was ok.  I'd eat there again but it's really something I wouldn't go out of my way for.
4	Great sourdough bowls.All the soups and chili's are fantastic!
4	I've passed by SFSE many times on my way to other places, but I finally stopped and tried them for lunch. Parking was easy as there's a light off St. Rose Parkway to help get you in and out. Once I stepped inside I was greeted promptly, and I noticed how clean the place was. Service...was prompt and with a smile from the start. I had questions about what to get off the menu, #13 the Garlic Pesto or the #4 Sourdough. A couple of people standing behind the counter recommended the Sourdough so I ordered it. I also used the Yelp check in special for free chips and a drink! (My first Yelp special deal!) I was handed a drink cup and headed to the drink station when I noticed they had Illy dark coffee. No cheap coffee here, this is the same stuff you see at the Venetian. I finished getting something to drink and before I could even pick a place to sit my food was ready! Count me impressed!So I sit down, snap a picture of my plate to post to Yelp and wonder what I'm in for. Oh wow....wonderful.. The sourdough bread was warm...not overheated, just perfect. Thin slices of roast beef, turkey, and ham were oh so good...yum. Just yum! As I'm sitting there looking out the window at the view of Mandalay Bay and the South strip in the distance, I also pay attention to the staff. They're hustling to keep the place clean. (One of my pix shows a staff member working on cleaning up...they take pride in the place). Other people walk in and the service is quick, attentive, and with a smile. I talked to one of the owners on my way out...very friendly, and the British accent was enjoyable to listen to. I really like this place. When I got home I did some research and learned this is a franchise. Yep..a chain. I usually dislike chains...but not this one, not this franchise. The owners hustle, it's sparkling clean, and the food is very dang good. I'm looking forward to going back. 4 stars...almost thinking 5 but I want a second visit before going all in! 4 stars...a very strong 4 stars. YUM!
5	Great food, super friendly owners. I highly recommend.
1	The owners changed. This new owner cut the 'half' sandwich size to half the original size. The broccoli and cheddar soup is now so watery not as chunky as before.  They no longer serve coffee either. I wish Jane and her team still ran the place. The new owners are obviously trimming costs everywhere. Well they have lost my business and I will never go to them for my company catering either. A major rip off!
1	Something is now SERIOUSLY amiss at SFSE. I was able to stop in on Wednesday, 5/2 and the first thing I noticed is the Illy coffee is gone. And I didn't see the super cool owners I saw last time. I ordered a Garlic Pesto sandwich and told them I wanted light mayo and mustard. What I got looked like a French's mustard bottle and a container of Kraft mayo had a love child together and it was not pretty. And it tasted like, well, we won't push Yelp's community standards for writing a review and you can just let your imagination fill in the blank. After skimming the reviews it appears ownership has changed and the focus may have shifted from quality of product to quantity of cash in the till. Which is a shame as what they had going on here was something pretty special. Now it's not even worth taking the time to exit I-215 to drive two blocks South to go to it. Tack on the stupid payment card policy (see my list description), pathetic fountain drinks that make me want to call Coke and complain directly, and a glare when I used the Yelp check in deal for free chips and a drink and I'm giving 1 star under protest.EDIT: There's been some new 5 star reviews posted for SFSE by people with no previous posts. That could be legit,  or it could be suspicious. I'm felt it was worth mentioning as this sort of thing can be people trying to counter bad reviews by gaming the system so to speak. Again that may not be happening here but it warrants keeping a close eye on it.
1	I must be the only one who is gonna give this place 1 star!!  My wife and myself went here on Saturday May 5th. This was our first time and probably our last. Kinda weird set up for where the menu is  and then the cash register. You have to kinda look to your left around the person taking the money if you forgot or want to add something to your order. The food pictures "LOOKED" awesome but what a big let down when the actual sandwiches we ordered were given to us. The pictures had at least three inches of meat, well...... let me tell you what. Our sandwiches had probably three slices of meat on ours. Not like the pictures that was for damn sure!! You figure for the price you would get more than just an average sandwich!! I'm not gonna sit here and waste my time going on and on but, I'd rather go to Subway and get a  sub rather than a kids meal from this place!!  What a total disappointment. Not worth the money.
5	Amazing flavor. The bread is always warmAnd delicious. I always get just the plain turkey:)
2	I am not sure how this place has an overall four star rating and I think most will find that misleading.  The only thing going for this place is the bread. It is pretty good.  However, that is the only good and does not outweigh the bad and the ugly: price, meat portions and other non descript things about it.  I so wanted to find it similar to the Boudin Bakery but no dice.
4	The sandwiches are unbelievably tasty!  I love sourdough bread.  My only complaint is the service.  When I walked in a girl behind the counter saw me and never spoke.  She could have said hello or someone would be right with me, but she didn't.  I'll probably go back again, but they really need to work on their customer service skills.
1	So here's what happened ...Earlier today (09/02/12) my bf and I were looking to get some sandwiches. Around 2PM we first called the Warm Springs location because it's very close by. They said they closed at 3, so he called this location. They told him on the phone they closed at 5PM. So I drove over there, 15 min out of the way, around 4:15PM. I walked up to the door, saw someone eating inside, and tried to open the door. It was locked. I then looked at the door and saw a sign indicating that they were closing at 4PM today. Hmm ... that's not the same thing their employee said just hours earlier. Needless to say, we were lied to by the employee, spent 30 min there and back wasting my time and gas and didn't even end up with a sandwich. The whole thing leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I will not be returning to this location.
4	Being from the Bay Area...I come here for the real sourdough made from Columbo on my hometown Oakland CA...great soup and sandwiches...the secret is the bread...oh and clam chowder bread bowl!!! Yum
1	Worst sandwich ever. A 7 inch large had as little meat as you can possibly put on a sandwich. Their online menu shows stacks of deli meat piled high but my 7 inch large sub had 4 small pieces of meat on it. I actually threw out the second half of my sandwich as it had no taste at all. They also forgot to add mayo and lettuce and the coke zero was flat. I tried it once and feel completely ripped off. I will not return.
1	Hmm....wonder "WHY" my review was filtered????????   What a joke.  What ever happened to freedom of speech??  Guess not in this weak country.
3	The 4th Day of ChristmasHad lunch here today on a whim at the b/f's suggestion.  I love sourdough bread but haven't had it with a sandwich in...never, really.  I'm a fan of sourdough with lots of butter or as a bread bowl with clam chowder, but here you can get your choice of sandwiches with sourdough.  I ordered a combo with a bowl of clam chowder and a 7" roast beef, turkey, and ham sandwich.  It was a filling lunch that hit the spot, especially with the day's colder weather.  Service was friendly and fast and this is overall a nice option if you want a change from your standard sandwich shop.
1	This is my very first 1 star review. I wish you could award 0. Don't waste your time or money at this place. The owner should not be working in a customer-oriented business. Staff is untrained. Clam chowder was runny and tasteless. Never again going back. I so wish we had a Boudin Bakery here!
1	We used to come here all the time and the sandwiches were some of the best in the city. Now the sandwiches are made "subway" style with very little thinly sliced cheap meat and still charging the higher price, which used to be worth it! The pictures on their menus and ads are NOT what your sandwich will be like at all (not like it used to be)! Stop supporting this major rip off place!
4	The bread is awesome. Light on the meat, and the veggies weren't the freshest. Will go back only with a coupon as its costly for a sandwich.
3	A bit pricey and, as noted in other reviews, not exactly overflowing with meat but the bread is very good and the sandwiches are satisfying (if a little overpriced).
5	Best place by far that hubby and I have had as far as sandwiches go and we've tried almost every sandwich place you can name.  The bread here is out of this world - oh how do you get such a nice crisp crust with that super soft center!? It's amazing...I wasn't expecting much as other sub spots were not too impressive, but I was blown away.We ordered a clam chowder bread bowl and a large ham & roast beef sandwich.  My first bite into the sandwich and I was hooked.  Thank you, thank you for coming into my life SFSE!  I can't wait to try their BLT...and best of all, their sourdough doesn't have that funky lingering smell like eh-hem that other sub place that get's all over your clothes when walk into their shop.  It's only been one day and I miss you already sourdough bread at SFSE.The bread bowl definitely bought back memories of chowing on the SF Piers..only thing that could be improved is to serve the soup HOTTER please and maybe toss in some oyster crackers!  We got home and had to microwave the soup a bit to our liking and used some croutons, but other than that phenomenal!I can't wait to go back!
4	Really good sandwiches and the best sourdough bread you can find. Service has been pretty good. Wasn't overly impressed with the soup, so I usually just get the chip combo. But I definitely enjoy the place and even crave it sometimes so that is a good thing!
5	The bread makes the sandwich. Great service and location.
1	I rarely give one star reviews. But they earned this one. Apparently they did a groupon deal that was not real thought out. Picked one up for two large sandwiches, two sides and two drinks. It magically morphed to regular size sandwich instead of large. Used the groupon today and found their was an up charge for the side salad. (they forgot to mention that on the offer.) Did get the drinks as advertised though.Fellow at counter was nice enough but said the groupon didn't explain correctly and he had to charge me extra. They also charge sales tax on full price not groupon price but didn't feel like arguing the point. Didn't end up charging me up charge because he didn't put in my salad. Got that taken care of now there was an upcharge and waited for food. Noticed person making my salad kept looking back at menu board to see what was supposed to go in salad, well he missed a few items. Got distracted and didn't check salad until we got home, mistake. Missing olives and chokes. Called and they say come back and we will give them to you, no, what are my other options. Was told she would call the owner and call me right back, no call, no surprise.We were out later and my daughter suggested we go by and pick up. Went by, guy didn't want to deal with it and called girl from back. I had obviously inconvenienced her (could tell when she made that noise and rolled her eyes, I didn't say anything.) this is the problem when there is no management on sight and the employees don't give a crap.The sandwich itself was actually pretty good, little short on meat but the bread was excellent. Also a little smaller than I expected. Not good enough to put up with poor customer service and crappy attitude. Plenty of choices for sandwiches here in Henderson and this will not be one of mine in the future.Anyone giving this place four or five stars must have really low standards. This was second visit for me, won't be a third.
5	I had purchased a groupon or WS it a living social deal.....anyway, the bread was so yummy and everything was so fresh. I had the #16 corned beef and turkey. Yummy. My husband had the roast beef sandwich with broccoli cheddar soup which he said was scrumptious! Owners and staff were pleasant and friendly. This will be our sandwich go to place now!!
4	I came here for the first time a few weeks ago because the office I work out of is a two minute walk away. The bread is amazing, crispy, and not soggy.  The sandwiches could have a little more meat. I forgot the sandwich I ordered, criminal...something, but it had a lot of cheese on it. Felt like it had more cheese than meat, but other than that, everything was great. The staff was polite and friendly.Grey haired guy, blue eyes, was very attentive and seemed to care.I will definitely be going back and would recommend this place.
2	The staff and service were nice! I really was excited for clam chowder in a sour dough bowl which brings back memories of cold days in the SF bay! Their menu features an array of soups, salads and sandwiches! I got the turkey and pesto sandwich which was pretty good. The bread had the perfect tangy sour dough crunchiness! The pesto had great flavor with the turkey. I was disappointed with the clam chowder though.. The soup was not creamy but more like crafting paste. The clams were chewy and rubbery. And the veggies were not really there. Perhaps the soup was carried over from previous days or maybe wasn't made fresh?? I was expecting a bit more wow factor like San Francisco clam chowder since the restaurant has SF in its name. I may return but probably not for the soup.
5	Just landed a job next door. Great food, great prices, and great deals. They know how to keep a customer coming back for more. Finally, I can CONVENIENTLY eat [semi] healthy.
1	Not surprised this place is closed. If pure going to specialize in sandwiches it may be a good idea to make sure your lunch meat is also the best. Great interior and the bread was good but service and quality was a loser.
