1	total failure!  waited all day for delivery and they were a no show.  they did not contact us, nor were we able to contact them either by live chat or by phone....called and was on hold for twenty minutes before being disconnected.  did this repeatedly without success.do not use this service.  they are a disgrace!  would not have given them even one star if given the choice.
1	DON'T USE THIS SERVICE! IT'S A TOTAL FRAUD.I trusted this company because they're said to be powered by UHaul, but wrong judgement!First of all, NO EXPLICIT LISTING OF CHARGES, and their representatives are HIGHLY INCONSISTENT IN INFORMATION. Their ship-to-school service needs a sign up fee, so I was cautious enough to contact their customer service 4 times before making an action, just to make sure I understood their charges. I was told at first that I could use direct shipping service to save the registration fee because I don't need their delivery service and won't store my items more than a week. But when I experience technical problem with their website when trying to use that service, their representative told me I could only use the ship-to-school service, and the cost would be shipping+$15/box+registration. I guess that was a sign to stop, but I still continued with my faith in UHaul. But it didn't stop there. After a disastrous experience with paying the registration fee which I'll complain later, I was shown a bill of shipping+$45/box+registration. And this time, the representative told me it should be shipping+$30/box+registration, and said s/he could change it for me in the system. WHAT?!And these all lead to my next question, what kind of RIDICULOUS SYSTEM are they using??? THE CUSTOMER SERVICE APPARENTLY CAN CHANGE THE DATA ON THEIR CALL. It would stuck on a page if you don't fill out the blanks in the way they expected, without any hint or any explanation. During registration, I was stuck on the billing page for no reason, while it apparently WAS CHARGING MY CARDS (yes I tried with 4 different cards) AGAIN AND AGAIN. The customer service kept telling me their system only showed one charge, but I don't think I would trust a system that got me into this situation in the first place. I'd have to wait and see if those charges disappear from my bank account.After all this pain, I decided to not use their service. But of course I can't get my registration fee back even though it was just processed two hours ago, because it is non-refundable and that their "free kit" was already sent to me, waiting in the hold area of FedEx to be assigned a tracking number. I was told that I could only get a refund if I get the "free kit" and ship it back to them, but I won't be able to receive them because I'll move before it could arrive. And by the way, their kit is available at UHaul shops, but no they cannot be picked up for god knows what reason.Anyways, seeing the previous review and that there is only one review of them, I realize I shouldn't have pick a service without reading Yelp. And I shouldn't have trusted "powered by UHaul" just because UHaul itself provides good service.
1	Worst service ever. Irresponsible.I lost a package that was full of my cloths and art supplies with their service. They never told me that one of my package was missing before i ask for it. They just delivered rest of two boxes. i spent two weeks trying to contact them and trying to figure why my package is in transit for three weeks. They answered extremely late and never knew where the package was or about any of process that it had gone through.Couldn't deal this matter directly with Fedex because i used college box's account, not mine and which NEVER give a shit about the lost bag. After endless waiting and stupid chatting that gives no solution at all, i got a call from Fedex that it was delivered it to a wrong address. I had to request the College Boxes to request a call tag to the Fedex and wait untill the Fedex tell the college box if they found it or not and the college box tells me about it. BUT the college box never contacts you about any of answer before you ask them after getting tired of waiting. The college box even deactivated my account which has all the information with it as September came saying that i have no service going on with them. Eventually i could not find the package and DID NOT GET THE REFUND for the lost items even if i paid for the insurance saying that i have $200 worthy items in my package. It happened in August and i got the answer from them today which is November. They did not even notified that i will not get the refund. I had to ask them and wait for the mail that i have to wait more and repeating that again and again for three months. They give a single sentence as a reply to your paragraph-long question and bagging for help to find the package back. I paid about $300 for three boxes and got only two package back.This experience ruined my first months of college.Don't ever use this company.. it is a risk. Rather use just the Fedex.
