4	nice selection, clean store, nice employees, I LOVE COACH! that's all you can really ask for when you go to coach. the employees didn't hound me and ask all kinds of questions. they didn't pressure me into looking at or buying anything. i think they understand, their products and name will sell themselves. it was nice to have a relaxing time there. i'd return to this store.
5	Gorgeous store.  Large and bright and wonderfully layed out.  This store has everything coach all under one roof.  I would say this is the nicest one I've ever been to.  This includes shoes, travel luggage, jewelry and much, much more!  I love seeing the new stuff which hopefully makes it to the outlet stores soon.  I also appreciate sales folks that leave you alone to browse.  I'm liking the new sequin purses for this season.  Also some very awesome shoes, Coach is definitely on the up and up!
4	With recent winnings from a nearby casino, I purchased my first Coach purse and wallet at this store. Set in the beautiful Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, The Coach Store doesn't disappoint and offers a nice selection.The store, itself, is beautifully designed with bright lighting and an open layout that is easy to navigate. Collections were displayed together, making it easy to compare styles and materials once I discovered the look I liked.The staff was knowledgeable and helpful, but a little presumptuous and slightly aggressive. After commenting about a particular purse I liked, the salesman asked another employee to bring a brand new one up to the register from the back room. I perused the store for an additional 20 minutes and he continued to interrupt my browsing by approaching me frequently with multiple purses hanging from his arms, none of which had qualities I expressed were important to me. Had the salesman given me more space, it'd be a 5-star review.
5	During a recent vacation to Vegas, my husband and I were strolling through the Forum.  I saw the Coach store and just wanted to pop in - I had no intention of buying anything.  One of the salespeople, Sipan, greeted us.  She was friendly and genuine and she had me sold before I even looked at anything.  Fantastic customer service and excellent attention to details.  I even received a hand written thank you note a week later from Sipan.  I am forever a Coach fan and will definitely visit the Coach store at the Forum when I return to Vegas.
4	Service is good. People are friendly. This once is a little more organized and bigger than the one at the Charleston Factory Outlet.
3	While at Ceasar Palace, my friend and I decided to stop in at the Coach Store in the Forum Shops. I have been a fan of Coach for awhile (the overall look and its one of the cheaper brand names) so of course I found some purses and other items that peaked my interest. However, I was quite annoyed by the service. Based on the attitude of sales girl helping us, I felt the store was very pretentious and snooty. We were greeted upon entering and the girl made a comment about my bag from Max Brenner and commented on how she really wanted to try their "Frozen Hot Chocolate." I am by no means a snobby arrogant person but I really wanted to say "Honey, that is Serendipity, make sure you know what you are talking about before you speak." But I didn't say anything and continued to peruse. Every time I would look at something, this girl was right there to comment on the item and how adorbs (yes this was the kind of wording she used) it was. Honestly, it was annoying the sh** out of me. She kept mentioning that we could "try anything on." Of course we could, none of the stuff was locked on a display and for $300.00 a purse, I expect to be able to "try them on!" Then before we left, we were looking at the perfumes. The same salesgirl came up, started going on about the perfume and then showed us the divided "pen" of perfume that had one scent on one side and another on the other side. She then made the following comment" Oh my god, I just love this, its so cute! i want to buy one for my best fwiend!" Yes I am not kidding, she even said friend the way I spelled it. At that point, it was all a little too much for me and my friend so we politely said thank you and got the F out of that creepy store. On to the coach outlet we went as I was not about to spend 300.00 on a purse at that moment nor was I about to purchase anything from that weirdo!My advice to all the sales people at Coach, come down to earth and try to relate and talk to people normally. The way this girl was with us was a complete turnoff!
5	This review's for the Coach located at the entrance of the Forum Shops. First off, my husband and I were the only ones in the store and there were at least 6 employees working. Needless to say, you won't have trouble finding assistance. We came in because a bag that I had purchased 6 months prior was breaking. Did you know Coach has a LIFETIME warranty on their bags? Yes, that includes zippers, straps, whatever big or small imperfection has occurred to your bag can be fixed for $20 which is just to cover shipping and handling. The associates at this store actually waived the $20 because my bag was so new and shouldn't have been breaking. On top of that, I just received a phone call from Heather updating me on my bag and told me I'll have it back within 2 weeks. 5 stars for excellent customer service and backing up their product.
4	The coach store at fashion show is fine but the service is far above and beyond wonderful. The ladies there a spectacular!
5	The purse I brought with me to Vegas was cheap and inexpensive. The sad proof of that is within hours of being there my bag broke. Fortunately we were walking past the Coach store when I noticed that. I went in and found myself a lovely small purse that would suit my needs in a gorgeous purple leather. They didn't have any more of that purse in the actual store, so they called to the other Coach stores  in Vegas to see if they had one in stock. They didn't and I asked if I  could buy the store's display model. They were cool with that and they even knocked down the price for me even though there was no sign of wear and tear.  They took care of me with great customer service from a super friendly staff. I was also pleased with the nice selection of purses out for you to look out when you're shopping.
5	I went to the Coach store located just outside of the Ceasar Casino. What drew me in was a display of blue purses. They were gorgeous. I didn't own a Coach. I do have other $$ purses tho. My husband and I were greeted immediately with a hello and a smile. The girl that was helping us was very friendly and personable. We finally found one I like with a matching wallet :) I know I will be back down the road but cause of the $$ it may be a little bit.
5	We bought a tote at this store last weekend on a trip to Vegas.  I'm going to keep this short!  The staff were truly AMAZING!  We worked initially with Eric and then some other associates the next day (last Saturday June 8). Level of service was superb from the whole team.  One of the best shopping experiences I've had in years. Manager and staff deserve congatulations and appreciation from the company.
5	So I had to write a review for this place. My partner purchased shoes and a wallet while we were on vacation. The service was impeccable! The person who helped my partner was attentive and very kind. Now this is to be expected at a store that has high quality and expensive items. However, what impressed me was that the employee who helped my partner wrote and mailed a handwritten thank you note which was received today. A. Handwritten. Note. That is pretty damn impressive! Thank you Risa!
5	I love Coach. Ok. I just lied. I LOVE Coach. L-O-V-E. This store had so many beautiful Coach bags. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Love!
