5	I was lucky enough to attend Whirl Magazines Yogafest in point state park this summer and fresh from the farm juices had a stand at the festival. They were offering the most delicious samples of organic cold pressed juices!I promptly purchased two different juices, the Limey green and the black and yellow. Limey green contains kale, spinach, apple, lime, cilantro, and carrot. The flavor is bright and citrusy from the apple and lime. It was fantastic! I enjoyed it so much more than I ever would have even dreamed.The black and yellow is better than any sweet candy I've ever tried. Seriously this stuff is fantastic, I imagine that kids would ADORE it! And way healthier than Capri sun or sunny d! It contains pineapple, orange, strawberry, and lavender. I'm so not kidding this stuff is the best juice I've ever drank!They have a Facebook page and a website and you can purchase their juices in several coffee shops in the Pittsburgh area! If you find these at any coffee shop, please let me know and be sure to snatch them up! You'll be glad you did!
5	Went here for a yelp event. The owner was super genuine and the juice was amazing! They also offer juice cleanses to kickstart a diet, super cool!  They have salad and soup combos for lunch that would be a great healthy meal. The vegetarian in me is giddy with excitement and the tomboy in me loves the huge effing juicer! Lol... Come here drink be merry, then go home and use these juices as mixers. Juice mimosas. Nom nom nom.
4	Fresh from the Farm Juices certainly is.  Fresh, healthy, green, and local! It all started when owner Ankit's parents pressed and served fresh juice 3 times daily in his house growing up.  This has ultimately led to a great little line of juices that pack a fruity, flavorful punch.Cold-press is where it's at. The cold-press system preserves nutrients and produces more juice (70% v. the normal 40% using other techniques).  Each bottle offers more fruits and veggies than most of us would ever eat in a day, and at 5 bucks a bottle, getting your daily serving is easy, tastes great, and costs less than buying all that fresh produce yourself.Speaking of produce, it all comes from Western PA organic farms.  Totally local! AND Ankit makes sure to utilize any leftovers generated in the process by providing pulp to local gardens in the SouthSide for use as mulch.You can find the juices in local Coffee Tree Roasters, online, or in their rustic space next to the City Theatre on the SouthSide.  They also now serve healthy salad options to complement their juices.  You can even combine their juices with booze, if you are so inclined.  I particularly enjoy vodka with Black and Yellow!
5	OBSESSED. For realz.I can't get enough of these juices! And you know what the best thing is? IT'S ALL FRESH! Like straight up from fresh local produce to their press and into a bottle. How much better can you get?I'm telling you, you've gotta stop in. Not only is the owner, Ankit, one of the friendliest guys you'll meet, but the building is rehabbed and gorgeous as well. Plus, best thing is you can sample and try their juices!I'm a big fan of the watermelon juice. A big enough fan that I bought a whole case! But they have a variety of other juices as well as a two and six day cleanse. While I don't have the willpower for a cleanse (I know an hour in I'd give up) I can't imagine them tasting bad!Take a look at some of your fave local coffee shops, because a lot of places are selling the juices there too. But I promise if you stop by their South Side location you won't be disappointed!
4	I was just introduced to these juices and I'm hooked.  I enjoyed the Black and Yellow (pineapple, orange, blackberry, and lavender) as dessert after dinner.  It was tart but sweet at the same time.  I didn't get much lavender but I did get pulp and I am all about that.  That's how you know it's fresh.I love the atmosphere, too.  It's farm chic, just what you'd expect.  The parking can be a slight disadvantage, so do yourself a favor and park in a main area and walk down here (the whole whopping block away from Carson).  Really get the full health benefits out of your trip!Next, I want to try the ones that are more "full meal replacement" options.  I've been looking for a good juice cleanse and this may be a contender.
