4	I'm sorry, but give me balsamic, bread, and crayons, and I'm happy.It's probably not technically the most chic place to go, but it sure is fun after work with co-workers.  And to think the waitstaff learned to write upside down in two crayons.  That's talent.  I always seem to get an awesome wait-person and the dishes are satisfactory.Big group of tired, overworked adults = crazy jokes and semi-loud laughing.  And we didn't even order any alcohol.  The staff didn't seem to mind us there, so we were ultra comfortable making our lunch last longer.
4	Having visited this restaurant many times over the few years it has been here, I have always had a good experience. We are greeted with a feeling they really want you there and the wait persons are more the helpful and just friendly enough. No matter what I order it is always well done and satisfies.
5	Yum, starting with the bread/olive oil/basalmic vinegar ... to the salads... to the main course very good/reliable everytime and very festive as well.  If you luck out the roaming opera singer will be in your area to pass the time as well!
4	I have been here about 5 times in the last couple of years and have always had great food and great service. They have a great price on their house wine and they serve in big glass, which is the way I like it!! The sangria that they have here is absolutely yummy..not a whole lotta alcohol in it...but it is pretty and delicious.They have great appetizers like the calamari, the bruschetta, and of course the bread they serve with the olive oil is just what I need to clean out my arteries. It is so addicting. We usually get whatever special pasta dish they are running and have never been disppointed.
4	Went back the other night and of course the food was good, but this time the service was ...  not as good as normal and we actually ended up speaking to the manager who made things right.  We will certainly be back again and be sure to try the Vodka Rustica as it is awesome!
1	Sometimes sacrifice is " the name of the game". We sacrificed; our good sense and decided on a late dinner, at this pasta chain next to the hotel.Roman's sacrificed; quality food, that tastes good and is served hot (or at least a little warm) conversely, chilled if you..... say.... order a Caesar salad.Service, at the expense of our servers potential date.. maybe party invite from the Gangsta Party of five at the next tableWe watched our warm Italian bread grow cold and die a lonely food death in the kitchen window. Our last cocktail was served by the hostess. If you're in Litchfield Arizona thinking of stopping in for Macaroni at Roman's Grill...... Don't Do It !
4	Been to this location about several times in the few years and have always had great food and great service. Have had the BBQ Chicken Pizza, love the bbq sauce they use for the pizza.  Pasta Milano is still one of my favorites, the roasted garlic cream sauce brings the chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms, and pasta together!!!  The grilled pork chops are always good, the balsamic glaze is tasty!  Do not like their chicken parm too much, the sauce is too overpowering.  The tiramisu and smothered chocolate cake are good.
2	My husband and I stopped by for lunch today.  OMG, the portion on the Pasta Milano shrank by almost 1/2 the size.  WTF?  The price is still the same, it taste the same, but cames in a small bowl.  I remember the Pasta Milano came in this huge bowl and I never finish the dish.  There are always leftovers.  My husband the pizza, it was good and the same size.  The server did not even ask if we wanted dessert before he handed us the bill.  After the food came, he only checked on us once to hand us the bill.  Very disappointment!!!
1	Went for dinner with my brother and my mom. We are all disappointed. We rather have spend the money at Tagliani down the street. The place had no more than 8 tables of customers. So you expect you would have more attention from your server. NOPE. My brother noticed the portion of the food was extremely smaller, but the prices are the same. Everything was just OK tasting. I do not think I will be back...due to the service and quantity of food you get.
3	Ate there tonight it was okay but was surprised the quality was not as good as others I have eaten at ( Colorado ). The waitress took money and assumed what was left was for her and never came back! To much money was left even for 20 percent tip! My food was very greasy and chicken was overcooked no hurry to go back!
3	After taking the toddler out to Chuck E Cheese yesterday, the wife and I had a huge craving for Indian and decided to have lunch at Sutra on McDowell. Of COURSE, they were closed. I suggested instead that we check out Romano's because I'd had a fairly decent experience at the I-17 and 101 location a couple of weeks ago with a friend, and the wife's a bit of an Olive Garden freak. So in we went. And I'm sorry to say that the experience this time wasn't all that good. It wasn't all that BAD either, but a flatline three stars is pretty much all this place gets. Regarding the food: the wife had the sausage spiedini (basically just grilled sausage and vegetables), and I had the chicken scallopini. Kid had the mac and cheese. I asked for extra roasted garlic on mine, and it was very garlicky and delicious - in fact the scallopini sauce was so awesome that I vowed to try my hand at making it at home sometime soon. Also it was very salty - boosted, no doubt, by the prosciutto. What I didn't much care for was the portion size - it was definitely enough for a lunch portion, but those looking to take leftovers for later will be disappointed. I got maybe a soup-ladle's worth of angelhair pasta with it. Not worth $12.99, that's for damn sure. Maybe just over half that. The wife's experience was somewhat less exciting - she didn't like the sausage, the grilled veggies were just meh and overall she said it wasn't something she would ever order again. Bread was okay, but wasn't as good as OG's breadsticks. Toddler didn't eat most of his mac and cheese, although it's hit and miss with him on most things anyway (unless it's boston cream pie yoghurt with frickin' sprinkles on it) so I won't "review" his meal here.Romanos tries to give off some kind of upper-class dining atmosphere, a la Olive Garden. At OGs, it seems to work. Not here. For us, the vibe was lessened by the sleeveless-shirt-wearing Hispanic guy who came in shortly after us, and especially by the weird music mix they were playing - elevator piano music, switching to big band stuff, and then inexplicably to a tune that sounded like Alvin the Chipmunk on a ukelele. I commented to the wife that that particular track reminded me of something from one of our toddler's toys. And there were the little things, too - chewing gum stuck under our booth table, the fact that our bottle of olive oil was almost completely empty, the fact that the server just threw the kids menu onto the table in front of our toddler without a word. We're still at three stars. The waitress, Melody, was completely disinterested. Seemed okay at first, but she was just not perky at all. Maybe because she had to work on the weekend. She took forever to get back to us for things, including when we had our credit card waiting on the table for her. And when we finally got the bill back ready to sign, we just got a monotone "thanks and have a good day". Up to that point, we had. (shrug) Maybe I'm just spoiled - she acted pretty normal for a server in a regular old Australian restaurant, but since moving to the US I now kind of expect my sack to get tickled with a feather a little more during my dining experience, know what I mean? Yes, the manager did show up during the meal to get a status check on us, but even that visit seemed like a chore they had to get over and done with.All in all, a meh experience at a meh restaurant with overpriced meals. Look at their menu and check out how much they charge for an 8oz filet. $28. AYFKM?!I'd probably eat here again, I suppose. If someone else paid.
4	Took the family out to this Macaroni Grill because we wanted to avoid the crazy wait at the Olive Garden in Surprise.Was able to get right in and be seated immediately which was nice.  Service was prompt, efficient, and attentive.The server apologized upon bringing out my dish, (spaghetti and meatballs) because the kitchen did not put enough meatballs on my dish and she said there would be a slight delay in getting them and that they were comping my meal from the ticket.  Wow!  I was impressed, because I really would not have minded a wait, so it was a nice and professional gesture.Anyways, overall the food was good, portions were insanely huge and as I write this I have my leftovers to finish for lunch.   Overall, I think this location does a great job and has an interesting menu.  Enjoy!
1	Went in today for lunch to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. The manager sat us at our table, and she seemed very angry. Did not welcome us, or smile, or tell us who our server was (i have worked in food service before, so I have certain expectations, especially when you drop almost 50 bucks on lunch for two people, the service better be fantastic) Needless to say, it was NOT, nor will I ever be returning. But anyways our server was just as bad as the manager. When I asked her about what they do for guests on their birthdays, she told me they get a slice of cake. I said, "great! it's his birthday". She replied "okay" and rolled her eyes, as if I were lying to her. That made me really angry. The food was overpriced, and the service was horrible. I will not be returning.
2	Not enough staff is on hand the two times I have been in to properly pay attention to paying customers. I agree that the portions have shrunk over the years, and the effort is no longer there. It is convenient to have nearby but not worth my time when other great restaurants are around. Wish I could rate it better but it's just not that good at all.
5	I just love this place!!!! I go here about 3-5 times a month and I always get my momas trio and a side salad and I get my favorite waitress on the weekends(Mallory). THe food is very tastful and the prices are good compared to alot of other places in the area. When you go and you get bread in the start of your meal I recommend you ask for some Arobiatta sauce as this is awesome for dipping. I also ask for some red sauce to keep things a little light. If your looking for service and good food go to macshak and ask for Mallory. She is great and funny and always gets things right. LOVE IT!!!
3	Went there Saturday night for dinner. We arrived shortly after 8pm and was seated immediately. Our waitress, I think her name was Chery was very pleasant and attentive. Drinks and fresh hot bread came quickly. Hubby orders the mama trio, my son get spaghetti and meatballs, and I ordered the pasta Milano. After she put our orders in the kitchen she came back to inform my hubby that the kitchen was out of lasagna and offered to have more chicken parm instead.  He accepted since that's his favorite anyway.  Chery got my sons order in quickly and brought it out first. This was great because he kept whining about about food.Overall it's just OK. I'm only giving 3 stars though because this isn't the first time we've gone there and the have run out of something or multiple things. I would give a 2.5 if I could.  Running out of something like classic lasagna before 8pm when place is still open for several more hours on a Saturday night is an indication of poor planning/prepping.
1	I want to start off by saying that for the most part, I really enjoy Macaroni Grill. The problem is not with the Macaroni Grill, but simply with the service at this restaurant. My wife and I went this Macaroni Grill a few weeks ago and had a terrible experience. The waitress wasn't attentive. She kept forgetting about us. We left upset.I am a forgiving guy, so my wife and I tried again. We had a different server this time with the same result. The place was virtually empty, so I would expect that they would pay a little closer attention to us. I didn't happen. I had to flag down a waiter to get the check and get out of there. Very Poor Customer Service.
1	Came in Saturday, a little after 5:00, very few customers and plenty of staff. We sat for several long minutes before they finally figured out who would serve us. The food came quickly, and was hot but just adequate. The lobster ravioli tasty fishy and the chicken was dry. It had been a long time since we had been to a Macaroni Grill. We see no reason to rush back.
4	We've been to this restaurant twice in the past month and after our very positive experience I was surprised to see the number of negative ratings on yelp.  Perhaps the biggest difference between our excellent experience and the below expectation reviews we've read is that this restaurant has recently had changes in management from the top down.  The new General Manager has clearly made a difference and his Assistant Managers seem to be carrying forward the emphasis on quality service as well as quality food presented excellently.  We were impressed with the customer interaction from both management and servers and we were very happy with our food selections as well.  One item I would heartily recommend is the Shrimp Portafino and also the Chicken Under a Brick.  If you like wine, be sure to have your dinner served with a bottle of Luna Merlot.
4	Our server Jaime was excellent, the wait was about right. At first I was thinking that for the price we did not get much food but, WOW. The food was good and was filling, the food was season well and nothing that we ate was over done or under done.
1	Usually I love macaroni grill but this particular location sucks. We waiting a good ten minutes before we were even acknowledged, and it was 3pm, restaurant was near empty. Waited another five minutes to be seated. The bathroom was a mess and smelled awful. I've worked in the restaurant business for years, and I know that even on a really bad day, a restaurant should never be this poorly run.
1	We use to love this place....but we will never be back again after two consecutive trips of lousy service and food.  One visit, I ordered pesto sauce with pasta.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, that was the only part done right.  The pesto had no flavor.  I was a watery green thin and oily sauce.  Didn't taste basil or nuts of any kind.  By far the worst pesto sauce I have ever had!   The portion was a joke too!  All the pasta on my dish could fit inside my baby's 8 oz bottle!  I'm not a big eater by any means, this was a perfect portion for me, but for the price there should had been at least double the amount of food!They use to have a mango ice tea that was really good, but they did not have it the last couple of visits.  The bread is ok, but the entree doesn't come with soup or salad, something just doesn't seem right with that.  For the price they charge, dessert should be included!  My children each ordered a kids meal, grilled chicken breast was very thinly sliced, about as thick as two quarters, so it was over cooked, burnt and bland.  Don't even bother with it!  Spaghetti and meat sauce was also bland!!  The kids size meal was the the same size as my meal, but half the price!My boss treated us last week, again, poor poor experience.  Very consistent with the previous visit, but we were at the Bell Road location.  Portion was very small, I guess they want everyone to eat less pasta because its a fatten food.  They want you to really feel like you are in Europe!   Children's entree, chicken tenders,  was again over cooked and dry.   My shrimp pasta dish had 5 pieces of shrimp for $16.99!  Do I feel rip off!  Good Bye to Mac Grill, you are a Closed Chapter.
1	Macroni Grill, was once a great restaurant chain. Now, it's dying a slow death, all because the value of customer service, proper restaurant management have long gone. You can't rest on the laurels of the brand that was once exceptional!
2	I've been to this particular Macaroni Grill several times and enjoyed it and likely after any of those times I would have given it four stars rather than two.  I am, however, rating the restaurant on the last visit and that score is a generous two.We were seated and told that the hostess had no idea who our waiter/waitress would be.  They were "fighting over tables" so we were wished good luck.  Turns out the hostess became our waitress and seriously she should have just stayed a hostess.  She was incredibly slow (there were only four tables filled and several waiters/waitresses, so I'm not sure what the holdup was) and at one point completely forgot that I had ordered a glass of wine even though she'd gone over to the bar right after I placed the order.  The food was decent, though nothing I'd write home about.  The only description I can give about the Penne Rustica was "cheesy".  Nothing really beyond that sticks out.  My husband found what looked to be a hair in his Carmela's Chicken and that pretty much did it for him.  Then when the bill came the waitress disappeared again and my credit card sat waiting for her to come back for about 15 minutes.  Finally, the manager took the bill and handled it.  The waitress never returned to our table.Will I go back?  I don't know.  I have always enjoyed Macaroni Grill but the service and food, at least at the Goodyear location have kind of gone down hill.
3	Maybe because it was 105 degrees outside and this place had spray misters, but the restaurant was better than other's in the chain.  Now, still average and a little on the pricey side, but the flat thin pizza was worth the price...
4	Really enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. I also had great service. The waiter was extremely attentive.
3	Nice ambiance but a little noisy, over priced.
4	I went to dinner with my wife and had a wonderful meal. I saw the reviews thats gave this location one or two stars and had to add my review. We arrived at 6pm on a Thursday and was seated very quickly with no wait. The servers were very nice. The food came out fast, very fast. So fast that the server appoligized and said.I'm sorry was that too quick.We had calamari and stuffed mushrooms appatizers and both were very good. The mushrooms were stuffed with gogonzola and spinage. very good. The Calimari was satisfactory.I had the lobster raviloi and it was three large pieces with lobster claw meat in the sauce.I will return because the Goodyear Olive Garden is always packed with a wait.
1	I know the service is lousy, but I come here because I like the food. HOWEVER, today the service was exceptionally terrible. We went in at 3:30 in the afternoon, it wasn't busy at all. Another table sat down at about the same time. We ordered, the other table ordered. The other table got their food and we waited and waited and waited.... We heard two waitresses bicker and argue at each other about clearing the tables, which was entertaining because I thought their might be a full on cat fight.... We waited and waited and we ran out of bread and no one asked us if we wanted more.....AN HOUR later, I asked about our food. Finally it came out ...... No apologies, no discount, ..... Never again!!!! Don't go here for good service!!!!!!
5	I don't understand why the reviews are so bad. We dined at this location last night. My husband had a chicken and pasta plate while my kids had pasta dinners. Our server, Richard, did an exceptional job. He was attentive and made sure our appetizer was delivered to our table in a timely manner. He also made sure the kids had enough drinks and was very helpful with any questions we had. The food was great and so was the service. I have to rave about the wine...yum, yum!! I actually had a second glass with dessert. So sad to know that people are overly critical about everything nowadays. I can't believe some of these reviews...why go out to eat just to write a bad review?? Wah, wah, wah...If you don't like it, don't go back. But as for us, we have been here several times since this place opened and will continue to eat here. Not once have we had a negative experience.
4	I went here with my sister on 1/14/13.  I'd never been before this trip.  They were short-handed, so the bartender was seating people.  It took a few minutes.  Whatever.  No sweat.  I wasn't in a hurry.I had the lobster ravioli.  Very good..My sister had the salmon, which was delicious!My nephew had lasagna - very good.We also got Italian nachos - Okay, but nothing earth-shattering.Over all I really enjoyed the dinner.   The service was good, despite their being short-handed.    Dessert was good too!
1	We stepped in this afternoon for dinner.  We should have known when we walked in and no one was happy to be there.  We were not greeted we were simply seated.  It was our first visit and we mentioned it to the waitress so she could recommend something.  but all we got was "dead Air" .  She came over 4 times in such a rush asking us if we were ready even before she bought our drinks which by the way today on this 112 degree day didnt get refilled after 2 requests. ( the ice tea was warm in melted ice.)  Geeze she brought our meal and never cared to come by to see if we needed anything more.  We ordered some appetizers since we wanted to taste different things and my son ordered the lobster raviolis which he said were delicious and my daughters pasta was just as delicious.  We would have loved to try more but it was hot and we felt like we were being burdensome.   My children dont give compliments very easily so I would have loved to try other things on the menu.  But I wouldnt spend my hard earned money on this place with such terrible  service.
1	I visited the Goodyear, AZ location on 7/7/2013 approximately during the 4:00PM hr.I, my son, and my brother were seated immediately. The waitress did not come to tale our drink order in a timely manner. When she did finally arrive re order two virgin Pina Colada & one Paul Masson. We also ordered Nachos as an appetizer. The waitress returned w/ room temp water and bread only.After eating at least three helpings of bread, we still had no drinks or appetizers. A manager came to the table offering apologies and stated that the restaurant was slammed. The restaurant was not busy/full by no means. In all due actuality a couple was seated after us was serviced and left even before the manager arrived w/ the appetizers. The waitress returned stating that the restaurant did not serve Pina Coloda. I found that rather funny and changed on drink to a strawberry daiquiri, and another much needed Bellini. The waitress returned w/ a luke warm Bellini and overly filled glass w/ a strawberry daiquiri that I ask her to clean up!!Again... Still no dinner.... I ask that we be charged what we ate/drank and ask for a business card. The Manager came out w/ apologies, his card, and coupons. While waiting for my brother the manager stated that he would bag our meals and they were free.I live literally across the street from this restaurant.... The food was cold and dry!!!I have never in all my years experienced such bad service from beginning to the end. .I do not have a problem w/ paying for good service/food.... But this was a horrible experience!!!I don't know if I was singled out or what, but this is 2013!!! Others will know of this bad service!!
2	Once upon a time --- in 1993, to be exact -- I moved to Arizona and took a job as a singer/host at the Macaroni Grill in Scottsdale.  I mention this to kinda give me bona fides as someone, who knows what the place was once like and what it is now.Back then, there wasn't much good dining in Arizona and on weekend nights, people would line up and wait for more than an hour to get a seat in the place ... and it was worth it.  The food was very good, the prices reasonable, the service excellent.But that was then.Macaroni Grill, like many restaurants, got slapped badly in the Great Depression of 2008.  The pressure was on everyone to cut costs or die.  This restaurant was no different.  But in their case, they should have shut their doors and spared all of us their pain.I can't speak for other locations, but the Goodyear branch has deteriorated into little more than a ruin of its former self and a bad joke.  Their famous Bellinis, that frozen drink, which put the restaurant on the map for so many people, are gone ... replaced by a watered-down, non-frozen insult of its former glory.  The portions of the food have gotten smaller, but not the prices for them.  The menu has lost so many items, they might as well just hand out flyers at the door listing what they have available.  For that matter, maybe not:  most of what they serve is inedibly oversalted or mushy and I'm guessing the chefs are secretly opening Weight Watchers boxes and dumping the contents into pans on the counter to fool anyone, who might be watching. (Oh Hell, WHY am I insulting Weight Watchers? ... Even they could do better than this!).There is only one saving grace here and, ironically, it shouldn't be such a big deal:  the bread.  It's still as good as ever and beats out most of what you find for what poor excuses of bakeries we have here in the Valley.  And, to be fair, their desserts are still pretty good, too (i.e., that means, the Tiramisu), though not as good as they were in the past.Service in this branch is pathetic.  It's not the servers' fault.  Management, as in so many places, seems to be more concerned with nitpicking and watching what everyone is doing than making sure service is prompt and correct.  Food orders are constantly screwed up  (I'm not talking about one visit here, folks ... and if it's happening to me more than once when I've hit the place every six months or so, what does that tell you about typical daily performances?).  Waiters show up tocheck on whether you need refills about as often as doctors get to your appointments on time; those with blood pressure problems most likely will find less salt in their food if they fish something out of the Dead Sea.  On the other hand, there's nooooo problem finding a seat in here, even on a Friday night.Sometimes, when a beloved pet gets old and the quality of its life has degenerated to a point, where it would be best to put it out of its misery, it's hard to put aside your selfish needs to do the right thing.  Macaroni Grill:  beg for the needle already!
2	I've been going to this Macaroni Grille location for many years and it seems that over time it just keeps getting worse.  They are constantly out of signature items and the service has been dismal of late.  Most of servers are nice and friendly but they are constantly understaffed.  It seems as if the managers like to have as few staff as necessary on hand, so when it gets busy, the customers suffer.  I will look for better options in the west valley if they don't change this practice SOON!  If it wasn't for the delicious Penne Rustica, I would have probably stopped going already.
2	Went here with a group (35-40 people) for which there was a reservation.  They had set aside a separate area for us.  Two waitresses handled this and didn't necessarily divide the groups by tables.  One waitress got all of her orders out promptly.  The rest of us were stuck waiting about an hour from when our orders were placed.  Most of us had ordered before the people who were served first.When I asked if our food was coming soon I didn't get much of a response.  When someone else asked about the inconsistency, she got the run around.  No accommodation or sincere apology for this abysmal service.Yes, the food was good when we finally got it.  No, it wasn't good enough to make up for the poor service.
1	We went there because they were listed as a restaurant with a gluten free menu. But they do not have gluten free menu.  They hand you a Allergen sheet and you have to order your food with modifications, now i have to trust kitchen help not cross contaminate my food.  I have dairy allergy too so I will not be coming back here.  if you need gliuten free do not choose Macaroni grill.
1	I have not been to any Macaroni Grill since i lived in California over 5 years ago. It was date night for hubby and me last week and trying to stay interesting away from our normal 4 favorite dining places, i suggest Mac Grill. I knew before even parking i was going to get the lobster ravioli because even though was 5 years ago, i still remember how AMAZING it use to be.We have a couple of beers, their fried macaroni things... AMAZING!! and of corse their bread, which is always delicious. Let's start#1 Lobster RavaoliIt was sooooo lemon flavored you couldnt even enjoy the fantastic sauce it was in. The lobster was tangy and just didn't taste right at all. I dipped my bread in the sauce, but that was the extent. out of the 4-5 raviolis on the plate i ate 1, and that's because husband gave it two bites as well just to agree it tasted really lemony.#2 husbands dishin all honesty i don't remember the name of his dish, it came in a boat and had noodles, shrimp, prosciutto and some other stuff. I understand el dente i really do, but this was not cooked. The noodles were so hard, there was bites where we were eating crunchy edges and was a bowl of mess of over flavored different meats. The dish was a hot mess! He ate even less of his meal then i did of mine. Maybe 2 bites each?Are very awesome and nice server came over asked if we wanted to go boxes and both of us stammered no. She knew something was up and went and got the manager.#3 the managerthis lady stated she is brand new, 2 months, and would love our feedback. So we give her our feedback, she apologizes and asks us to "please come back again so we can give her a follow up review". She then takes our full plates and leaves.#4 the billwe get the bill and NOTHING discounted, heck even maybe just our appetizer? We didnt touch our dinners and she even took our plates and wanted o make sure we didnt want to give to our dog. So now as a manager you are asking me to come back again, and spend another $80, to what? be your personal reviewer? In hopes it was better? are you insane? time for an even newer manager mac grill!! maybe some training?#5 the clincherSo husband was discussing our experience in his class and a guy chimes in that not but FOUR DAYS earlier then our visit he to had returned the lobster ravioli, he to met a manager that discussed being brand new within months and he got his meal COMPED!! So Mac Grill you are telling me that you have two complaints in the same week on the same food, to the same manager, and she does nothing to help our situation but to ask us to come back? Im sure as long as your food is good your experience will be, but lordy look out if its not, because they could careless.... oh wait "come back for a second review" just because throwing away $80 wasn't fun enough the first time, ridiculous!!LaRey
2	Had dinner here tonight. We arrived at 7:30 pm. I ordered the build your own penne pasta plate. While the server was friendly, and replaced my drinks as soon as I finished them, I still can't do any more that 2 stars because the penne noodles were clearly old. They were stuck together and had the texture of rubber. I assume they were made for the dinner crowd (4:30-7:00?), but since we arrived at 7:30, we were served noodles that were cooked hours before and left under heat lamps. I was there on a gift card, and wouldn't go back if it was on my own dime.
4	I have eaten here many times and always find the food fresh and tasty. The bread couldn't be fresher right out of the oven. I really like the serving sizes that always fill me up.
4	We haven't been in a few years, because last time the meal wasn't very good.  There are so many options out there, that we decided to just stay away.  Well, hubby got a gift certificate, so we thought it might be time to give it a go.We arrived at about 10pm (they close at 11pm), and it wasn't very crowded.  If you've read my other reviews, you'll know we like to go out kinda late.  Our server, Meaghan, greeted us with a smile and got us our drinks immediately.  She was the only server working the few tables that were scattered around the restaurant, and it's a big place.The manager came over to take our order, since Meaghan was helping a large party on the other side.  We ordered the 2 for $9 apps--spicy ricotta meatballs and zucchini fritti.  Both of us ended up ordering the pork shank braised dinner.A few minutes later we received our bread...which was still warm from the oven.  It was soft and delicious!  We got our appetizers, and they turned out to be really good.  The meatballs were so tasty (and not spicy, which I was happy about) and the zucchini was really crispy on the outside, but hot and tender on the inside.  So far, everything was so much better than the last time.  A little while later, our main dishes arrived.  They were served in large red baking dishes, and were wonderful!  The pork shank literally fell apart when my fork touched it.  The mushrooms and gravy were amazing.  And, the potatoes were nice and crispy, which I love!  The only part that was a downer, the carrots were sorta hard and raw.  They very easily could've been cooked along with the mushrooms and gravy, but weren't.  Hubby was able to eat everything, but I wasn't, which means I have a meal for tomorrow.During the entire meal, Meaghan kept coming over to make sure our drinks were full and everything was alright.  She was all over the place with the various tables, as well as bussing them.  Between her and the manager, we never felt neglected, and they always had a smile on their faces.This was a really good meal, and hopefully, it'll stay that way.  We'll definitely have to put them back into our rotation again.
1	The service was lousy. Server kept scratching her armpits and body without washing her hands and served foods minutes later.
4	We had two appetizers; spicy ricotta meatballs, zucchini fritti and a flatbread! Light and very filling.
4	The service can be hit or miss. The last few times the service was good. I like the changes that the restaurant is doing. (Back to a singer on occasion) The bread this last time was great. The food was good. I had the shrimp portifino.  The spinach was slightly overcooked,  but the rest was good. The shrimp tasted clean and fresh. I love the cheesecake at this place. I prefer to eat in, take out tends to skimp. The bread is smaller (it seems) but more importantly,  the oil and pepper give are not enough for the whole loaf. I had also asked for shredded cheese to be included and it was forgotten.  So it looks like I will be eating in and paying more for the food's sake.
1	This place is very unorganized.  I will not be back.We had to ask twice to get menus.  The pre-meal bread was cold.  Got the beverage near the end of the meal. They were out of the entree that my guest ordered. It took them 15 minutes to realize that and let us make another selection.The sauce on the pasta I ordered was disgusting.  It tasted only slightly better than Chef Boyardee. Avoid this place and go to a better restaurant  ...
1	Total disappointment. We went to celebrate my son's birthday because it was one of his favorite places. The place was dead. Not even 20% of the restaurant was occupied on a Friday night.  That should have been my first clue. The music was not the traditional Italian style they used to play.  The menus were dirty. The tales unbussed. It took over 5 minutes before a waiter came to greet us and when he did,  he started by asking how it was going and if we want to have the wine. Uh, not the introduction of welcome. The dining experience was more like a pizza joint or bar. I realize it isn't the Capital Grille, but we have experienced a bit more formality at this place in the past.The food was bad too. Bread was old, pasta overcooked, chicken was way over seasoned. We waited a long time for our salad to come out. Our waiter seemed overwhelmed by his 3 tables. So the attention we should have had in a restaurant with only 11 tables occupied and 6 or 7 person wait staff did not happen. We will never return.
2	Wait time for table: Perfect, no wait.Hostess: Raven, awesome. Bread: Yummy.Servers: Friendly, forgetful. Never saw a manager to back them up out front.Speed of service: Slow. Taste of food: Didn't really matter, lost appetite.Would go back: No.
1	Dropped in for a quick bite on Sunday evening. Sat at the bar. After 10 min and the bartender being busy doing other things, we walked out. Won't be back!!
3	Great new fast lunch for $7! We had the chicken Parmesan which was great. Even my 3 year old really liked it! My husband had the chicken Milanese salad which was on top of a thin and lightly breaded chicken. The only improvement needed is the service. Once we got our food we had to track down someone if we needed anything else. No one came over. We also had to ask twice to get our dessert which took much longer than our lunch. No one cleared our table while we were waiting and none of the tables around us had been cleared either.
