4	This place is GREAT. There are A LOT of unexpected treasures here. If it's your first time visiting, get the one minute tutorial about pricing from the greeter. One woman was irked that she didn't get the schpeal, but there were like four guys greeting people when we arrived. Basically, anything under $20 is not negotiable. Everything is organized well enough, but you are still pleasantly surprised to stumble across things. I found a console that was way overpriced at $100, negotiated, and got a pretty high counter. So I walked away. No big deal. They tell you to expect 10 minutes, but I only waited two. I came across some great vintage items for ridiculously good prices--even before negotiating. The staff is outgoing and friendly. The merch is clean. The options here are endless. I took my husband, who hates these outings, and he got lost in the tool aisle and was impressed by what the store had to offer. I took one star off because the air wasn't on. IDK if that is how it's going to be, but as it is almost June and the store is massive (thus needing air circulation), the air needed to be on. The people who worked there had a great sense of humor about it, though.All I need is a babysitter, a large coffee, and a solid three hour chunk of time, and I could be a happy girl.
4	This place is worth a visit. If you like collectable, antiques, or just a good find. Well you definately going to find something here. The will allow you to negotiate your price of anything over $5. This place is not like a thrift store, it is well organized and the layout is very inviting. It also clean and staff is anxious to help you find anything or help with questions without being pushy or salesy... Check it out for sure!
5	Had a fun in this place. Treasure hunt with lots of goodies.
3	Huge selection of all types of things. But I am not a fan of the system. You  have to write down the number of every item you're interested, then find a kiosk, then manually enter it and you get your price. There are a few shopping carts which have the same thing but you still need to manually enter the number. Then it pops up the price. I am a looker type of shopper - never know what I am looking for. And This system really slows down shopping. I could be looking at several little decorative items and you can't even guess at prices with tags. Every single item has to have every number manually entered. It makes shopping seems like a job. I was surprised if they were doing a kiosk system with a manual entry system. They could have installed one that you just put the ticket under the scanner to get the price (like department stores and self check out grocery stores). Funny a new store is using this type of technology - Because if you make one error inputting a number - you have to start over. It's a great shop if you are looking for something specific but not just for shopping. their system doesn't work for me but if you do know what you're looking for, have lots of time and love to bargain - it's a good place to check out.
4	It is so much fun for me to come in here.  There is this Charles Pollock table that I enjoy bidding on.  The seller never accepts my low offer but I'm wearing on him, I think.In reality, the only thing I've purchased here were some utility shelves.  Other than that nothing has tempted me to bid.  Oh yeah, you have to bid on everything.  None of the items have price tags, just a six digit number that you have to look up the price on a computer and then bid.  I wish they'd just write down the prices on the tags because fo realz yo, I had to memorize a bunch of six digit numbers one day.  Gimmie a break already.Still, I like to come in here and meander.
3	Interesting place to kill time while browsing through other people's (mostly) junk/trinkets.  Take a cart with attached iPad with you. It's kind of annoying having to look up the price of everything.  There were some practical finds but I didn't buy anything. However, there's also a ton of stuff that looks like it would give you tetanus if you touched it, so use judgement before picking anything up.
3	I was searching for a sleeping bag for my son online on craigslist and responded to a couple posting. All the replies I received directed me to a consignment store. So I went to visit the store not having the slightest clue what to expect. When I entered the building I was a bit shocked at the size of the place. I was also a little overwhelmed not knowing exactly what I was suppose to do and I wasn't greeted by an employee so I just grabbed a cart and began exploring. As I shopped I was excited about all the stuff they had and the range of types of items they sold.  The awesome thing was it's very well organized. It was like the biggest yard sale I've ever seen.I found a couple items I wanted to buy but nothing had a price on it. I wondered around the store looking lost and confused while several employees past right by me. Finally I got the attention of an employee and he gave me a quick run down on how the store operated and helpful tips. It should have been explained when I first got there or posted somewhere but wasnt.When it came time to check out I couldn't find where I was suppose to pay so again I roamed the store looking lost and again I had to stop an employee to ask. The check out process was a little weird but not too bad. I paid they emailed me a receipt and out the door I went.Anyhow... I only got to cover less then 1/4 of the store in the hour I was there but will definately be back soon!! The second time will be a better visit now that I know what to do and how to do it!!
2	Stopped by and was surprised at the size of this store. The technology is pretty neat too. BUT  I was very surprised at the prices I looked at. I found everything to be priced high, the staff did not mention the bidding process.
5	Forget Ebay and Craigslist. This place is the future! Purchased a set of tires for my quad at a great bargain. They accept offers on any item priced over $25! If you make a good offer they tend to accept it. Great service too. I drove up to the loading area and the energetic young man loaded the tires in my truck with a smile. Seriously consider this store. The shopping carts have tablets so you can look up pricing on each item. Many amazing furnature items, appliances and toys for your every need.
1	This company appears to be using deceptive advertising tactics. After seeing something off Craigslist, being told they had it and spending $5 in gas to get there... they don't! They aren't even willing to price match on a comparable item. So far over the two trips i've made here I wasted $15 in gas plus a couple hours of my time. It's a neat store but they need to play by the law and not advertise things they don't have in the store! Go somewhere else!
5	You never need to go anywhere for anything ever again!  (Except food; can't get food here.)
4	I found just what I wanted for half the price I was expecting to pay. The price on the label is a starting point... Only. With the specials, and bulk discounts it's a bargain hunters paradise. I will return again. Some seriously nice pieces so a song.
5	I love coming here.  They have more than a little bit of everything. Sometimes I walk down isles a few times and find brew stuff every time. The have great deals. And some pretty unique things that I hope to buy before someone else does. I'll be in here sometime this week
1	I had my coffee table on consignment and it sold 3 months ago. I never got the check and finally had to come in there and see what was going on. They said they would have to talk to there accountant. There is no accountant to talk to but they will email them for me. I can't believe that this is going on. My next move is bbb.
4	Loved it there, but they've been "closed for inventory" for weeks and you cannot reach them by phone. I think they may have closed up shop!
5	Loooooooove this place, but just found a "Store Closing" sign on their door. Limited hours, 2-6. Get there while you can! So sad to see you go,  UC... You were one of our FAVORITES!
