2	Ok, so we all know moving sucks.  Especially moving ones self...even if it is acoss town.Anyways, I had to get a 10 foot uhaul for my move from Chandler to Mesa.  I was moving a whopping 12 miles, but I just needed a 10 foot truck to do one trip with to get my mattress, bedroom furniture, couch, and other random stuff to the new apartment.  Fine.So, I go in the night before I needed it and made a reservation for the truck.  Fine.  I go back the next morning, to get the truck, and this is where I get upset.  I'm already stressed out from moving, its hot as heck outside, and I want to get this overwith.  Im the only person in the store and its 8 AM.So, I go to the counter.  A guy helps me, who's name I will not list in this review, even though I remember it.  He's filling out the stuff in the computer, and asks me for a secondary phone #.  I told him I did not have one, and the only one I have is my cell number. Well, I guess that was a huge problem to him, and he basically snapped at me and said "look, I need a second phone number for you.  I'm just trying to fill out the paperwork!  Just give me your work number, okay?"  Crap. Now I've been scolded by the uhaul man for not having a second phone #, and clearly this is really screwing up his day, really bad.   Now, I'm the bad guy.  So, what did I do?  I gave him a fax number.  Yea, call THAT and reach me.So, then, they go to get me my truck.  Well, guess what?  It has no gas, because someone siphoned it out overnight! So the guy says to me "did you want to wait for 15 minutes for me to gas the truck, or did you just want to take it empty?"  Why would I want to drive a uhaul that has zero gas in it???  So I can be stranded a mile down the road, and make this day longer?????  So, I waited for him to gas it.Now, while I was waiting, and cranky counter man was gassing the truck up, two other employees waltz in.  I asked if they worked here, and they said that they are uhaul employees, but they are finance from corporate.  nice.  See, I normally dont get mad, but I was so stressed from moving, and after getting scolded, I had to complain to someone.  So, I tell finance that counter boy is very cranky this morning and scolded me for not having a secondary phone number, and I dont appriciate it.  They were like "uh, ok thanks."Anyways, cranky counterboy comes back with the truck, which was nice by the way.  Clean, fast, and most importantly, with gas!  I take the truck, move my stuff, and return it.  I think he got told that I complained becuase I got a few bucks off the dolly rental that I had....plus, he was in a MUCH better mood this time.I gave this place only 2 stars for the cranky counter boy.  But, the trucks were clean and neat.
4	This was probably the nicest UHaul truck I've ever rented.  Every other time, the truck looks like a beast from the '80s with a thirst reserved for those travelling across the Sahara.The only thing that lost a star here was the gas miser on the other end of the counter.  I always thought they left the gas needle somewhere between full and empty so as to confuse the next renter on trying to figure out how much gas to put in it to get it back exactly where it was when they return it.Not sure if this was unique to this UHaul location or all UHaul locations, but on the gas print out, it showed where the needle was and how much gas to put in it to get the needle back to that point at various locations along the gas gauge.  Spiffy!  Of course, later I would find that this was only spiffy in theory.Upon returning the truck, I stopped off at the local gas station, looked at my gauge, looked at the sheet....5.1 gallons.  Easy enough.  I proceed to pump about 5.25 gallons into the tank...just to be on the safe side.  Well the needle got up to about that mark but slightly under but I figured no big deal.  Well, as it turns out, it was a big deal.So I got dinged for missing a gallon of gas and was promptly charged $9 bucks.  Awesome.  And I know that had I returned it with a gallon of extra gas I would not have received a $9 credit on my bill.Overall, it was one of the better UHaul experiences I've had and next time I'll be sure to just put an extra gallon or two over what the estimator thinks.
5	We've been with these folks on more than off over the past several years. Last fall we downsized and added two storage units to our single indoor unit. They were great!  They were able to put us in the second unit just across from the first which has made consolidating things so much easier. Next week we downsize again to one unit with help from our movers.  We also rented a truck during that move for the last things to go out the door.  The truck was clean and when we needed to stretch the time needed the worked hard to accommodate our needs when it created a conflict in scheduling for them.  That was a lifesaver! The facilities are always well maintained and the people are just great!
2	Warning for anyone renting a storage unit: if your payment is even one day late, they will charge you $15 (even if it's the first time EVER).  AND they will send a letter to the secondary contact you gave when you signed up!  Because that's what you want your friends and family to know!?! Be sure that when you get a new credit card after it's expiration date, you'd better update it immediately or this will happen to you! (My credit card expired... I wasn't late because I blew off the bill or anything). And BTW they raise the rates on your unit frequently.
1	I waited in the lobby and no one was there to help. When I called I spoke to a man named Steve, who was not concerned with my lack of service. Then once I confirmed someone was actually staffed to help he proceeded to ask "well, what do you need." In a less than friendly manner. I hung up on him and gave my business to chandler/kyrene. She was happy to take my money.
5	Just returned my pick up rental to them and I want to say thank you. The service was fast and professional, I working with the store manager named nick and he was a really nice guy. The car ran to my satisfaction and when I got back there to return it everything just went out smooth and fast.
