3	I spent an hour or two wandering around Plaza Fiesta a couple weekends ago after being very disappointed with Trader Marc's flea market down the road. We were all pretty hungry, so we were stoked to see the huge food court in the middle of the Plaza, next to the three-story jungle gym ball pit thingy.There's some good food to be had here, and cheaply. Colombian, Ecuadorian, Mexican, Peruvian, Churros, whoa. A number of places with veggie burritos, quesadillas, veggie "plates" (beans and rice, salsa, veggies, plantains, egg over easy), awesome. I chose a burrito with extra jalapenos that ran me $4. It was simple, clean, and delish. My pal who had gotten a beef plate from the peruvian joint let me try the (three!) different salsas that came with his meal, and they were distinct and flavorful. And who can deny the deliciousness of fried plantains? Not I.There are a couple of mexican/latin american grocery places here too, some cell phone shops, a bakery, clothes, western gear, etc. Also a Subway and some random Greek Place, as well as a pizza joint, kind of odd. Some empty stores, which made the space a little echo-y and eerie. The insanely huge jungle gym looked like something out of a fantasy I'd probably had at age 4, and had a super cheap entrance fee. The feel of this mall is very disney, as it's designed to look like a "typical latin american plaza" complete with stucco, tiled roofs, hanging flags, etc. Kind of like walking into the Mexico Pavilion at Epcot. Entertaining.
3	I just go to plaza fiesta for the food court.  I've been three times and there are some good places.  My favorite so far is the greek place.  It usually has good specials and the gyros and greek salad there are great!  Good for lunch!
5	So this place is literally 2 mins from my house and yesterday was my first time there. I was excited because my hubby is puertorican and it just so happens that it was like puertorican day or something so they were playing music, people were dancing and they had raffles for you to participate in. We had fun.There are a million places for you to eat here with a nice selection of food. all of the restaurants offer something different. there are also places you can shop, clothing stores and little market like places. Plus there is a huge ass jungle gym in the middle of the place for kids; its seriously like 3 stories high. even i wanted to play in it. Overall its a cool place to explore, shop, eat and play. check it out if you haven't!
2	I have been to Plaza fiesta numerous times for the great food and terrific immersion into the Latin cultrue! Our family enjoys all of the events they hold and so forth. So, this is a wonderful place to bring family! On the other hand, we just had my daughter's birthday party in the Happy Zone party area. That was a total disaster!!!! The host was apparently new and had no idea what she was doing!! Very rude, antisocial, no personality and not enthusiastic for a children's party at all, her name was Farrar by the way. 3 times the party got interupted to say they needed the room and we needed to get out!!! Horrible time management! I was completely ripped off when it came time to pay! The party package includes arcade time for all of the guests which we did not get to utilize because our host vanished and all the guests had left since we kept getting warned that they needed to use our room for another party, the cashier then says oh here's your cards! TOO LATE!!! VERY DISAPPOINTING to my guests and the birthday girl! She then states "oh you need to request an experienced host next time!" Ummm really? Shouldn't every one know how to do their job? Ridiculous response! The manager was very careless as well when I tried to speak with him to get some better service and advise him of the mess! He only responded with "oh we're working on that!" Working on what? trying to teach your hosts how to provide good service or what? horrrible horrible service and complete disorganization!! Plaza fiesta is a wonderful place but the Happy Zone party place really is not! Please investigate your party and host really well and I would even rethink your situation on having a birthday party with them! They really need to work on how to host a party! What a shame and disappointment! Nothing against the rest of the establishment!
4	Our family enjoyed a fun lunch outing to Plaza Fiesta this past Saturday. The food court has a great selection of ethnically diverse and fresh food. I'd highly recommend the tacos from La Poblanita Taqueria. The highlight of our visit was the kids climbing, jumping and playing on the incredible indoor playground. It costs $4 for about a 90-min session, but it is worth it if you are looking for fun activity to give the kids a break from the summer heat. They do b-day parties there too.
2	Very hot!  Poor air conditioning.
4	WOW.. how times changed!!!!I remember coming here many crescent moons ago. Now.... it's A LOT different from my fond memeories. Now my old memories WILL BE refilled with new.. more UP-TO-DATE fond memories. My daughter's birthday was this weekend so, I descided to try this place out (Much to the surprise of my kids and friends.. I was told about this place from a friend).I was blown away by the size of the place (arcade) only to walk through to find this mammoth size kids (and some adults) jungle gym.$4.00 per person = WINNINGGGGGG!!!!!!We stayed for over 2 hrs and the time flewwwww by. As I sat watching and enjoying the views I noticed to many food stations. Sure to satisfy anyones wants and needs for grubbage.Chinese FoodIce Cream ShopSubwayItalian Shopa few Mexican FoodPizza Shop Enjoy.. I will be back mos def
4	If you are a parent of a young child (3-10), Plaza Fiesta's play area should definitely be on your list as a place to take the kid(s) to burn off large amounts of energy. For only a couple bucks kids can play on a 4+ story play set with large slides and tunnels for a couple hours in a secure, fenced/gated area. Within the enclosure there are plenty of chairs/benches for parents to sit and watch, read, or peruse Facebook & Yelp :)Outside of the play area there is a decent video game arcade, and local restaurants to eat at. All and all a nice spot to stop by for a couple hours to let the little ones burn off the energy and wind down.
3	Lots of places to eat. Lots of things to do. Living in NY most of my life I loved the Latin flavor
3	The main attraction of this mall is most definitely the giant indoor playground for kids.  The cost $5.  There is also a decent arcade for older kids (not included in the $5).Feel free to bring the family for lunch as there is also a decent food court where you can sit and watch your kids at the playground.  Great Mexican food as well as pizza shop and a Subway.There is even a party room to host your kids birthday party. The actual shopping here is not great.  There is a decent bass outlet store for shopping.  Otherwise it's Hamrick's and some mom and pop stalls selling Hispanic and Latin American goods.
4	If you've been looking for "real" Mexican food...here's your place.  Five stars for the food offerings at Plaza Fiesta!Taking a trip to Plaza Fiesta for the food is worth it.  If you're coming here to shop at a mall...well...let's just say I'm laughing as I think about the look on your face as you enter.  Not where you do you "mall" shopping.Besides the great food options...there is an incredible play area that costs $5.  The little ones will get slap-worn-out.  I wouldn't do justice to how large the play area is by describing it here...let's just use the word behemoth.  Yes...that will do...behemoth.For the older kids...and yes...this might also refer to adults, there is an arcade...and a fairly decent one at that.Plaza Fiesta is actually five stars for me, if you discount the fact that it is indeed a mall.  As I write this review...I wonder if I have enough time to get there and back for lunch today...hmmm??
2	Every town needs a mall that's on the way down and for the Charlotte area, it's the Plaza Fiesta. I've been away for way too long and I think that in my absence, it's gone over. Though maybe that's just me. They seem to do pretty well with the big play area and the video game area for the kids parties and there are quite a few smaller independent shops with candies from Mexico, dresses that seem focused on a certain population group and hair dressings for same. And a Bass Shoe Outlet Store.
4	This is one interesting place. Walk in the door and you're not in Ft Mill, you've been transported to Latin America.  This mall features interesting decor, functioning fountains and a feeling of spaciousness. Services include a BB&T bank, a large food court with food ranging from tacos to subs to Chinese. The children's play area extends all the way to the roof!  Too bad I can't play in there! Located across from Carrowinds.
5	How sad that this wonderful playground and cultural center closes today.  Cabela's should keep this beloved playground and some of these stalwart businesses as part of their complex.  There's certainly enough room to accommodate both, to the benefit of each other.   Adios, Plaza Fiesta!
