4	We were looking for a good deal on Glasses for that after 40 eye thingy.  Eyeglass world was a pleasant surprise. My husband and I both agreed that the eye exam was one of the most thorough we've ever had.  He checked everything, far, close, reading, computer, light, dark, etc.  Then gave many lens and power options.  The eye exam was $68 each.I ended up chosing a no line bifocal for reading reports and computer use.  and for my free pair a straight reading pair. My husband got a no line bifocal for distance and reading and a Calvin Klein distance sunglass for driving. They kind of hit you hard for all the lens upgrades like no glare and no scratch, etc.  We passed on most of it and the glasses are fine. There are frames to choose from $79 to $300.   With most buy one, get one free. All four pairs of glasses were ready by the end of the day.The staff was friendly and efficient.  A good deal all around.
5	Zero complaints. My significant other and I were able to book both of our eyeglass exams the same day of request at comparable cost to other, lesser expensive optical exam establishments (Costco, Sam's Club). The front desk receptionist was really nice and looked like Emma Stone, which is irrelevant but pleasant, nonetheless. Our optometrist was professional, friendly and efficient. Sometimes you get optometrists that are either overly goofy and personable, or are disparagingly uncouth. The optometrist who examined us was a perfect mixture of courteous efficiency.  These factors made our service quick and painless.Due to a miscommunication solely between the significant other and myself, we ended up asking for a contact exam after we paid for our eyeglass exams at the end of the visit. Not even a problem or an attitude was detected. The eyeglass exam was $68 our first time in, the contact exam addition was $30-something extra. They provided us solution and one pair of contacts, our prescription and each additional visit (provided it's yearly) is only $30-something an exam from here on out. They also ensure that you are aware you have a free follow up within x amount of days, should there be any issues. It's nice to be able to visit an optometrist who doesn't treat us poorly based on the fact that we didn't have insurance and that we didn't buy contacts or frames, which is probably an essential add-on for their business. Thanks for being classy, Eyeglass World. We will be continuing with you in all of our optical endeavors.
1	Ok, since my first review was deleted let me clean it up a bit... Soooo whenever I go to a doctor or optometrist the first thing I do is call and ask if my insurance is accepted.... all usually oblige and its easy peasy.... NOT HERE. Mike answers and I ask if he accepts my ins and he first says no then says yes but I MUST come in for them to call and verify it.... Shut the front door!? I then ask if there is any way he can just take my plan number and call and his response was no. I let him know I didnt want to trek to the le ghetto only to find out its not accepted and his response was "Ok, I gotchu" But I still had to go there. Curse the heavens! I drive the 7 or 8 miles to this place, the parking hella terrible and unorganized, and you feel dirty just being there. I guess I'm some what spoiled bc leaving my Summerlin digs and coming here was not my cup of tea... that or mysophobia was in full force! I walk in and theres a sign up sheet. I notice theres 3 ppl in front of me and figured theyd be quick. They have like 8 chairs for ppl to sit in and of course some lady was there with her 12 family members. Some other man had an extra chair next to him but his butt crack scared Santiago and myself off. We decided to check out the frames instead. I'll give them this; they have a plethora of frames, both inexpensive to nice Coach/RayBans. After looking at frames for 30 mins a seat opened up for my son and I... this is where it turns stupid.... we wait.... and wait........ and mfing wait! Santiago passed out, like knocked out cold! There were 3 people working, and every time one was finished they would go in the back for 15 mins, it was totally incorrigible!During my wait a man and his "crew" walked in , evidently one of the workers knew him bc a fire was lit under his gluteus maximus to finish up with his customer. I was a bit irritated at the attention this gorilla was getting since I had now been waiting for an hour. FINALLY I am called up, he says my name looks around and then tries to skip me to get to the man who just walked in. I told him to please bear with me as I needed to wake my little Santiago up from his death nap. He just looked at me rudely. Soooo of course my insurance was accepted and I was ready to pick some frames. BUT WHAT DO YOU THINK MIKE DOES TO ME? He sends me on my way and helps this idiot who walked in AN HOUR AFTER I DID. REALLY? I was hella irritated at this point and just left. I had a gym date at 545pm and obviously my business was not needed. I basically wasted over an hour at this dump.Yes they have cheap frames and what not but I'd rather pay 300$ and get treated with respect. You can also get coupons online, but perhaps you should bring a windex wipe bc all the lenses were dirty and gross.DO NOT GO HERE! Save your moolah and go to a place that rhymes with Lenscrafters.... oops. Seriously, theyre the best there!
5	Can't beat buy one get 1 free frames for your back up glasses.  I was literally in there 30 minutes tops to place my order with the help of the Filipina sales rep, Teodi.  What I liked about her was she didn't up sell me cause I told her I was looking for glasses that were my cheap back up glasses just in case I needed a repair on those cute Gucci ones I bought through my local optometrist Dr. Brian Miller, at Advanced Eye care,  who I've been seeing for 12 years (lol another review), or my sleeping glasses, glasses I wear when I'm working out (ha ha).  Anyways I paid $108 for 2 pairs of cute plastic frames with regular lenses out the door.   A week later I pick up my backup glasses, one was Tommy Hilfiger cat eye look (was clearance)  and the other was a non brand named one in the men's section. I would definitely get other pairs again especially from Teodi because she had excellent customer service and took the time to look for some cute glasses in their clearance.
1	I wish I could give this -stars I went in go get contacts everything was great I got a trial pair and they said they will order them and come back in two weeks and they said they accepted my insurance I called back in two weeks the lady working the doctors desk proceeded to tell me I didn't order any, so I said can I get a new trail pair , she said yes come in and get them...so I left home and went down there I got there and tried to order my contact and she said you'll have to pay 100% of the contacts price, I called my insurance company and the man on the phone said my insurance covers it and that maybe they don't want to do business with me here. So I told the lady it covers and she said well it says I have no reason to lie to you and she showed me the paper and I said I guess you don't want to do business with me and I got a copy of my exam and they gave it to me and I left. I went to LensCrafters and they said my insurance covers and I got my contacts. Don't go to this piece of shit place the people are very rude here
5	AMAZING QUICK SERVICE!!!!Busy... so a short wait but overall it was FAST and everyone was super helpful!   Got everything I needed and even my lenses were prepared for me SAME DAY!!  :-)  :-)
5	Eyeglass World on W. Sahara is great !!!!!!!  I came here to see about getting some lenses put into a frame that I had purchased elsewhere. I did not want to buy lenses from the place I purchased the frame at because they were quoting me really high prices and didn't seem to be sure about lens brands .Great for me as I decided to find my own lenses.    I had the good fortune to stop into Eyeglass World on W. Sahara, I was greeted by Shaun who ended up also being the store manager. I told him I was looking for  progressive lenses for the first time and also wanted to replace the lenses in my sunglasses with my new script. Eyeglass World ended up accepting my insurance which reduced my cost quite a bit. Shaun, also helped to save me a bit more money as I got a 2 for 1 deal by having both sets of lenses done at the same time.  They also cut their own lenses here which is unusual as most eyewear places use an "outside" lab.I can now see better than I have in years and am SUPER HAPPY.   Also, the rest of the staff here is super nice.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
1	Prices are good. Service is slow. I have waited 45 minutes to talk with someone. Place is run down.
4	Everyone in the place were very nice and welcoming. The wait was pretty long, but I expected it since I just walked-in, didn't make an appointment. I was surprised on how much less I paid than I expected. The service was great, it was cheap. Overall, it's a great place to get glasses, or eye exams.
4	**Going to save the 5th star for after I pick up my glasses**This place rocked it!  I have been wearing glasses since I was a baby, but have not had my eyes or prescription checking in over 4 years.  Made an appt for 11am, got in the doctor room about 1120 not to bad.  Doctor was awesome and patient!  Spent time on me and didn't rush me out the door.  Major plus. $68 for the eye exam.  (no insurance)Once I got done there i went out to look for some glasses, they have tons of BOGO sales, so i picked two pairs ($78) and was also able to upgrade one pair to sunglasses ($30), I have a prism in my lens and it is normally expensive, not here, free with frames!!!  The girl that helped me was awesome, patient and cared!  I pick up my two new pairs on next Wednesday!!! In and out within an hour and 15 min!!!  And everything I got was under $200!!! Super stoked! Cant wait to see again!!!!!!!!!! :)
1	This was my second attempt at getting a deal here which is elusive at best. Even with insurance, 2 pairs of glasses cost us over $200. This is the first pair of glasses I've bought since age 14 that did NOT fit properly at all! I'm trying to calm down before I go back to fix this fiasco. The glasses in 1 hour does not exist. You can ask and get your hand slapped. Go ahead. You're a big girl. Last time I was there, I made the mistake of getting my exam at Red Rock Eye Care. I had a $10 copay for an exam and they tried to charge me $150 for me and my son, NOT including contact Rx! We were the only people there and forced to wait with an antsy 3 year old for over an hour. Then they didn't want to give me the Rx's until we cam back for another visit to check contact fitting! Total BS scam! Then we exited eye doctor room into store where eyeglass world employees-all dudes-were hypnotized by twerk videos on YouTube. Classy.
1	I will never go back to this place again.I have been buying eyeglasses at this store for approx 7 years.  i have bought about 2 pair every 2 years, and have always had a decent expeirience, except this time.  I will never go back.  Every aspect of the service was terrible.  There are not enough employees here, and they all have different specialities so you have to wait every time to get to a person who can help you.  i spent 4 hours on saturday there and 1 whole hour on the following monday waiting just to pick up.If i hadnt already invested the time finding frames, and waiting around, i would have left, but once you start the process it is hard to walk out....2 of the bad employee situations i witnessed:  A customer was in the middle of thier pick up, when one employee from behind a desk, shouted to the employee helping the customer, that he was having a problem with the punchcard computer and it wasnt registering his lunch hour.  the second employee then proceeded to leave the customer to go over and help his friend log out, in the middle of them getting helped.  So assuming that guy waited at least  hour to get helped, having the employee leave in the middle of his pick up seemed not good.  when i went to pick up, there was only 2 "licensed"employees and about 8 people waiting.  there was one guy sitting behind the customer service desk, but he was un"licensed" to help me.  after calling names on the list, one of the licensed employees started working with a customer to pick out frames.  now, when i went on sat, i spent time shopping for my own frames and had one of the assistance to help if i needed options that were locked up.  i do not think it is a good idea to have one of the 2 people who can help write up perscriptions, help people shop for frames...that should be done by someone who cant do the important stuff.  needless to say they were still shopping when i left, 1 hour later.  They need to organize the resposibilities and system of who-helps-who better.I did let the gentleman who helped me, know that i was not having a good expiernce and that i would never come back.  He never asked me why, or what he could do to help.  He did thank me for coming back, when i picked up the glasses.  Interesting, i already gave them my 200$, of course, I was going back...
