1	Do not move here. Their staff stinks and could care a less about their residents. I had a major roof leak, and they would not fix it until 5 days later; meanwhile it was rainy all weekend and I had water all up in my apartment. They did not care though. That would require effort.I have many more examples I could list, but will not. The residents of this place are half REALLY cool, and half REALLY white trash. Lots of theft and vandals. Stay away. Do not live here.
3	I've been living here for almost 2 years now. The property is quiet, conveniently located, and seems to be well maintained.Any issues I've had, maintenance is fast to respond. Usually within a day or 2. Some cases have been immediate.I had an issue with my a/c last summer. Since they weren't able to fix it that night, they gave me the key to a vacant unit that happened to be above me so I wouldn't be stuck in the heat.The neighbors all seem to know each other and the complex staff are friendly. It is a no-crime complex, which means that they won't allow someone to live here if they have a criminal background. There's even a police officer that lives here.The units themselves seem a little older, but not falling apart. Appliances are all newer. Insulation is a little thin, so I would recommend going for an inner unit or one without a wall exposed to the sun.Overall, it is a very good place to live. Not the best, but far from the worst.
1	I wish I would have researched this place more before renting here.  I thought that it was nice enough,  and the front office staff seemed friendly. Little did I know they put on a smiling face for potential renters,  then once you've signed your lease, you're irritating them with problems or questions.  The DAY I got my key, I did a walkthrough of my unit (since it wasn't available when I signed my lease) and it was still dirty from the previous tenant!! I was furious but they assured me it would be taken care of, which it was (after almost a week).  Although even after they "cleaned" it the closet door handle was broken and the door was shut so it couldn't be opened.The grounds were nice enough, but it seemed like there was always the same group of people in the pool/jacuzzi area and if you attempted to use "their amenaties" you would get nasty looks and inappropriate comments the entire time. And when I asked the staff about it, the response was "and what do you want us to do about it".  Very unprofessional. Any time I would go into the office to drop off my rent or put in a maintenence request and the front office girl would be on her Facebook page, or gossiping about someone that was living there.  It got to the point that I dreaded going into the office for any reason because it was such an uncomfortable situation. After about 2 weeks of living there the paint they used to COVER THE BLACK MOLD (yes you read that correctly) in the bathtub started chipping,  and I was told it would be 3 weeks before the resurfacing people would be back to fix it. By the time they came to fix it, the bathroom stunk and I was pissed because I had no shower and it made the entire place reek.  They did an okay job of covering it, but the maintenance guy tracked sunflower seeds throughout my ENTIRE apartment. I was terrified that he had be snooping through my stuff so I called and complained and Tweedle Dee transferred me to Tweedle Dumb who wasn't apologetic what so ever, and asked "if you didn't see him go through your stuff, how do you know he did it?".  Little did I know one of the 500 forms they have you sign is a form saying that management could enter at any time (which doesn't seem legal, but at the time I was so overwhelmed with paperwork I just signed it to get it out of my face).Then once my lease was up I was charged 300$ for a dog fee, when I never had a dog and when I asked about it I was told it smelled like an animal was living there. I explained that there had been mold in the bathroom for the entire year I was living there and they knew about it the entiret time, but they assured me it was OBVIOUSLY an animal and I wouldn't be getting my deposit back.  And honestly, I didn't care as long as I didn't have to deal with them anymore.Long story short, skip this place and go through a complex managed by Mark Taylor.  It's more expensive but SO worth it.
