5	Nothing but good things to say about this place! I actually came here on my Mom's recommendation. This is her regular OBGYN; she's also had two surgeries by two different physicians here (Dr. Mayer and Dr. Crawford).I see both Dr. Crawford and Laura Rutledge (Women's Health Nurse Practitioner) . . . mostly Laura though. Everyone is very competent, and I've never had a poor experience. Wait time is as short as it gets; every visit has been completed in a timely manner while still being thorough and answering any questions. Easy to get refills on your birth control. Laura is actually the one that located the nodule on my thyroid this summer. If it weren't for her, I'd still be walking around with a golf ball full of God-knows-what in my neck. Maybe it's a little extreme to say this, but I'd trust these people with my life. No, I'm not joking . . . My Mom came close to dying in 2003 from some serious post-surgical complications and an out of control infection that seemed to have no end in sight. Absolutely horrifying. During this time, Dr. Mayer was an absolute angel to my Dad and the rest of the family. Thank you for keeping our Mom alive, Dr. Mayer! I can't speak about prenatal care or labor and delivery. For all of these reasons, I never hesitate to recommend Maricopa OBGYN to any family, friends or random Yelpers that may message me about MOGA!
5	This place is amazing. I came over from Camelback Women's Health because they were just awful. I had a miscarriage back in January. Lisa, the nurse practitioner, was extremely kind and gentile with me. This was my first pregnancy and I was terrified. She helped ease my fears and answer my questions with patience no matter how many times I asked the same thing over and over. She made sure that I was ok not only physically but emotionally. Also through out my miscarriage the nurse staff called to check on me and answered all my calls in a timely manner. I pray that this never happens to me again, but if it does I will definitely go back to MOGA. They also handled my mother's health care with grace and dignity. I will continue to go with them for all of my health care needs.
1	I called  as a first patient new to the area and first time pregnant after going through fertility treatments. I gave all my information to the receptionist especially telling her I wanted to schedule an appt. with a MD not a NP only being 5 weeks and fertility Dr. recommending I only see a MD. towards the end the receptionist stated I was all set and I asked her who I would be seeing she said a NP. I stated no I want to see a MD I explained why and she said for the first time you could only see a NP and you will be seeing different MD every time you have an appointment. So I guess its not a organized business? I again explained why I needed to see a MD it was important and she keep repeating no for the first time you have to see a NP. So I said I am requesting to see a MD and your telling me no and she said yes so I told her I couldn't believe what I was hearing and will let people know especially women that have been going through fertility treatment if the customer service is like this I don't want to know what its like with the service.
1	I saw Dr. Scott Crawford because my PCP referred me to him. We had a 15 min discussion, and I received a $95 bill in the mail. He billed for a Level 4 visit and didn't even examine me! I really got screwed just for having a discussion and getting his opinion. I tried to get the office staff to change the level of billing, but they wouldn't. I wouldn't go there unless I knew my insurance could cover his bill!
1	Be very careful of what you are getting with dr. Hebets.  She gave my young adult daughter a HPV shot -saying it was her Hep B shot- against her strict refusal!
1	I've been going to Maricopa OBGYN for a while now, and I had pretty decent luck with them until I really needed something.I'm 31, and my husband and I have been trying to have a baby for about 3 years now. During this span of time, I've miscarried 3 times. Needless to say, I have very high risk pregnancies and when the at home test came up positive was told by my primary care doctor (Ish Patel- LOVE HIM!) to make an appointment with my OB right away, and get on a hormone gel. I hung up with him (yes, he answers the phone) and called Maricopa OBGYN for an appointment.I explained to the girl that answered the phone that I'm am existing patient, and I have a history of high risk pregnancies and I needed to get in to see someone right away. I told her that I had a positive home test, and that I was late for my period. Despite the fact that they had all of my history the scheduler refused to get me in for several weeks, reluctantly I made the appointment. I called my primary care doctor back and he instructed me to go in to see him that day. He took my blood work, and preformed all of the tests needed so I could at least rest at night.About a week later I had the classic, dreaded cramps. I knew it was a miscarriage. I called Maricopa OBGYN again and explained to them that I started cramping and spotting. Apparently my discomfort was of no concern to them and I couldn't be squeezed in for another 2 days. Once again, I made the appointment and called my primary. I explained the situation to him and he told me he would call me back in 5 minutes. 5 minutes later Maricopa OBGYN called me and said they could see me in an hour. My PCP had to call so they would take me seriously. I went in for the appointment with my husband and the PA Bonnie was just as wonderful as always. She is a kind, warm woman and in my opinion is entirely too good to be working there. She did inform us that I miscarried again, and talked briefly about genetic testing and our options. We left feeling hurt that this happened again.A few weeks later I was sitting at work and my cell phone rang. I saw it was Maricopa OBGYN and sent it to voice mail. On my break I listened to the message and it was to confirm my appointment for the next day... Puzzled I called the office and asked what the appointment was for. The scheduler told me it was for my ultrasound. Horrified, I told her that I had to cancel. Her response: "But aren't you excited to see your baby for the first time?" With all that being said- please don't ever go to this office. I always try to write more positive reviews then negative but I don't want any woman to ever experience what I have. I understand that honest mistakes happen but this could have been avoided.
1	I have had several bad experiences with this practice.  A memorable one was with Dr. Crawford, who, while I was still in the stirrups, informed me that if a Diflucan had not fixed my "yeast infection," I had an STI.  When I told him I was in a monogamous relationship, he shook his head and insisted on the tests. Labs came back.  It was a yeast infection--the kind that is resistant to Diflucan. Oh, and he kept calling me "Lauren" the entire time--not even close.  I believe this physician did leave the practice, so I decided one bad apple as I have had several good practitioners. But today was the end of my relationship with this practice.  Several weeks ago I made an appointment.  I was called by the practice and told my insurance wouldn't cover it.  I canceled the appointment.  After consulting with a friend who has the same insurance and who had the same procedure covered, I called back to discuss how the PA (which is increasingly the only kind of appointment one can get with this practice) had coded the procedure.  I was assured by the practice it would be recoded and that if for some reason it wasn't covered or it would cost more than $50, I would be called.  I rescheduled the appointment.Today I took time off work and drove across town for the appointment.   They wanted $145 for the procedure.  I said, no.  They offered to take the $10 copay and bill me for the rest if it wasn't covered--apparently they hadn't checked. When I recounted my conversation, the receptionist pulled the "do you know who you talked to."  She also told me they would not recode the appointment despite what I was told on the phone.While I am disturbed that the diagnosis the PA coded was exceedingly premature and is now in my medical records and may well in the long run prevent me from having insurance coverage for basic diagnostic tests, I cannot believe the lack of respect for my time that was demonstrated today. I left without having the procedure and I will not return to this practice.
1	This location of Maricopa OBGYN called my cell phone for 2 WEEKS day and night, trying to send a fax to a cell phone. Brilliant though medical front office personnel are, they couldn't bother to call the number they were trying to fax and see if it was actually a fax machine. I called and left a voicemail, after at least 100 calls from their fax machine, and the faxes still continued to come. Delightfully, they dropped me as a patient because I was done getting fax machine calls. Considering they can't send a fax properly, perhaps this is in my best interest. Thanks Maricopa OBGYN! You guys are real winners.
