5	The Second best BBQ chicken in town still deserves a 5 star rating in my books. Although I'm a bigger fan of Chalet BBQ and still a huge fan of Cote-St-Luc BBQ as well. This place has been here since the early 50's and it still packs them in. Like I mentioned in my review of Chalet BBQ, I'm sure they have a menu and I'm sure they have plenty of great things on it but who needs it, just order the double leg dinner with fries and coleslaw and you're good to go
5	Best BBQ chicken in town. Cheap and really quick. I don't know how they do it, but I've never had as good rotisserie chicken anywhere, anytime.The fries - one of the best in the city. Golden brown. Amazing with ketchup or with their amazing sauce or even in a poutine. (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it)Want a quick and awesome meal, go there!
5	Rotisserie chicken as good as it gets. We went in the take out entry door, which was a bit sketchy, and the inside decor is straight out of the greasy spoon '50s, but that is meant to invite you not deter you.Ordered the half chicken so I wouldn't have to choose between white and dark (ha). The waitress was super friendly and attentive. We enjoyed our meal. I had coconut cream pie for dessert, the piece was small but just the size for after a huge meal. It was very good value for money. We will certainly go back again.
5	Awesome chicken and fries & great friendly servers too!
3	Shocked to see 5 stars from past reviewers. My 1/4 chicken breast lunch (delivered) was average. Dry chicken just didn't appeal, and it doesn't inspire any more time than this for the review. 3 stars for that meal is generous, probably influenced by others' strong reviews. I'll give it another chance sometime, hoping that this one was an anomaly.
1	Why does the line cook who handles the foodnot use gloves!?!? Is this not illegal?For delivery, wait times are ridiculous - even in winter, 1 HOUR to receive food that is a 10min drive away, and arrives cold. NOT WORTH IT.
1	Don't ever deliver food here. I ordered for myself only but it took more than an hour. It was just a dinner.. not like a family meal. Never ordering here again...
