4	I had a great experience here.  The prices and product were excellent.  Heads up that they don't take AMEX and they also don't have a computer system.  They rely on the tickets to keep track of your stuff, SO don't loose your claim ticket.
4	The staff is great.  They know me and my wife by name.  In fact when I pull up to pick up my clothes, the staff is already getting my clothes ready before I even walk through the door.  This location has a small town family business feel.  The prices are fair and my clothes always look nice when I get them back.  I go here every week.
5	We had a prom dress disaster 2 days before prom with a black stain on an ivory dress. They were so awesome here! Cleaned it perfectly, ready by the next day & only charged us $5! I highly recommend this place!
2	I have been using them for the past 6 months.  Initially they were pretty good however as of the last month they have been returning my shirts with dirt stains, my suit pants with double creases and wrinkles towards the bottom of the pant leg and finally over steaming my suit jackets.  Each time I bring up an issue they state that it is either the shirt or suit that is old or they are backed up.  I used them quite frequently on average about 5 dress shirts and 3 suits weekly but unfortunately looking for a new dry cleaner currently.
5	Great local business, best place to get your clothes done at a good price. The staff is the absolute best and I always look forward to coming in and talking for the couple minutes it takes to get in and out. Have spoken to the owner, Greg, and is always extremely nice about their services. Recommend this place to all my friends already but decided to write an actual review!
5	I brought my Military uniform to get it cleaned. The top had a lot of collar stains and was in rough shape. It came back spotless and was even pressed to perfection. This place did an awesome job.
4	Overall, pretty good. Staff is friendly, process is quick, and clothing usually looks pretty good. There have been a couple instances where some dress pants were very poorly pressed--had to iron them again when I got home.
