5	This is a great club with clean facilities and nice, knowledgeable staff. IT is one of the hidden Gems of downtown, with an excellent view of hotels and it is hardly ever crowded. The only thing I would like to have changed is the hours on Saturday and Sunday.
4	This is a great little gym tucked away downtown. They have enough equipment so that you can get in a complete workout, but it's not so big that it takes you a ton of time to get in and out of the gym. The equipment and locker rooms are kept clean. They have some of the newest equipment so that you don't have to join a high-end gym just to take advantage of the newest weighlifting equipment.
5	This is an active. Small ass active too!!But it was enough to get me to prep for mr. olympia haha... Everything is new and clean, basically weight room could have been my personal living room. Remote location. great for those on the go and don't want to deal with the BS crowd at a typical 24hr fit!
4	I LOVE this place.  It's never crowded (NEVER), it's easy to access and has anything and everything you need to get a great workout.  All the equipment is in great shape (rare in other 24's), the staff is super friendly, and the locker room is clean.I would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for two factors:1. It would be nice if they extended hours of operation.  But remember, this is in the basement of a professional building downtown with little to no traffic after 5 or on the weekends.2. Parking is not free, but you can get validated.  The only drawback to this is you can only get two hours free.  On my days off from work, I like to put in a lot of time at the gym and two hours isn't quite enough.All in all, this is one of the best 24 Hour Fitness locations.  It's too bad other gyms aren't like this one.
4	Good clean gym. They try to replace broken equipment. Sometimes it seems the air conditioner has been turned off as it gets very warm inside.
4	The downtown 24 Hour Fitness is a smaller gym, but clean, friendly, and with lots of options for classes.Like most 24 Hr Fitness locations, the City Parkway/Molasky location offers lots of cardio machines, including elliptical machines, stationary bikes, and treadmills.  Beyond that, the gym has tons of free weights and nautilus equipment to keep you happy.  It also offers a nice range of classes (aerobics, cycling, boot camp, body pump, yoga).  Since the gym caters to a lot of downtown workers, the gym schedules a lot of classes at lunchtime or at 5:30 pm.  If you're looking for a gym with classes where you can consistently get an intense workout around a work schedule, the downtown 24 Hour Fitness is a solid choice.
5	Tucked away somewhere downtown (where you can blink and miss the parking lot entrance), this 24 Hour Fitness is fairly impressive for being very small. As others have mentioned, the equipment is newer but there is less of it (overall). While there are only two benches (incline and flat), there is a full range of dumbbells, a squat rack and a Smith Machine. This is probably not the ideal gym if you feel you need "space"; this is probably the ideal gym if you are in town, staying somewhere in downtown Vegas. Parking is validated for 2 hours, and your car should be safe since this 24 Hour Fitness is located adjacent to an IRS office (lol). The parking lot is non-human automated so there's no room for wiggle-room: either your parking is free, or it's $2 or $3 for each additional 30 minutes. Be efficient about your workout.
4	This gym is very close to the downtown casinos.  I have mixed feelings about this so I will do the Pros and Cons. Remember this is just a sport so none of the extras you will find at the Super Sports.  Cons:* Hours is not 24 hrs.  Mon - Fri 5am - 11pm ( I found out the hard way )Sat 8am - 6pm                 and Closed on Sundays* No TRX* No Kettbells ( Oh wait I saw one but it was sitting on a trainer's desk )Pros:* Very clean* Steam room* Free 2 hour Parking* Night time is pretty empty* Friendly staff
4	An awesome 24 because the equipment is new and this is a ghost town: vegas residents are out of shape therefore avoid the gym, those residents who are in shape chances are are performers and have private gyms, therefore all you get are out of town stragglers, nice!BONUS: This 24 is right down the street from the outlet mall, so if your posse is bent on shopping and your not, power in here for a two hour time smasher pump!
4	What I love about this gym is that if I have to go home during peak time, I can swing by for a quick workout as its pretty empty unlike my neighborhood 24 and by the time I head home, there's no traffic. As a girl, I like how men keep to themselves here in the weight section. Downside is no towel service like I'm used to, no digital lock, and some old school stepclimbers that were swapped with the Alta gym while everything else is new. Even though the gym isn't too busy, the small amount of weight benches and machines may keep you still waiting. You may also come across some angry sport fanactics yelling at the TV as you run next to them since most monitors are dedicated to sports.
4	I was stunned to find how clean, modern, and well-organized this 24 hour fitness was compared to the one on Tropicana and Decatur. It was pretty much light and day, and considering this one was an "Active" (smaller) and the Trop and Decatur location is a sport, it's a shame how badly managed/used the other one is. Honestly, the people patronizing this club also just seem to be cleaner and more respectful themselves. You know what I mean - not every gym has the same type of crowd. This may be because it's location means that it is used mainly by IRS workers and others that work nearby, as it is not nearly as busy as the centralized clubs.That being said, it's location is not exactly convenient, and the club itself lacks some machinery and some weights because it is a smaller location. It also lacks much of amenities that you get at the larger locations like a pool or basketball court. However, it is worth noting that  even the locker rooms here are much nicer, with a distinct lack of easy to crack open lockers.Also note that you can get a 2 hour validation for parking here - necessary because of the $3/halfhour fee in their parking garage.I wish this was the 24 hour closest to my home.
4	Now this is a little gem located downtown!  The Molasky location is a little quaint location in the middle of old Las Vegas casino town.  This place is on the bottom of a semi high rise building.  The gym is pretty nice.  The front door is located in the middle of the bottom floor of the parking structure.  After being greeted by the front counter and retail store, you have the bathrooms on the right and the rest of the gym on the left.  This place isn't that busy, so it seems like a lot of treadmills, elliptical machines, bikes and weight machines.  There's even a room for gym classes.  I've been going to this location on Wednesdays for Body Pump at 6:30pm.  There aren't many classed to take but if you can make the ones that are available, it's worth it!  Check this place out!!
4	LOVE this gym! Equipment is up to date, clientele is working professionals, never packed, everyone is respectful, not a meat market, staff is great! I go everyday! Parking validation is only two hours, though, FYI.
3	This is my go to 24 Hour Fitness in Las Vegas. All the equipment is clean and it is usually pretty empty so I can get on any machine I want.The reason for the three stars is the staff, the 2 hour time limit, the lack of classes offered, and being closed on Sundays. They removed the one class I would have gone to which is yoga on Tuesday nights. Additionally, the staff does not keep the bathrooms well stocked and when you tell them they have an attitude about it.It's also NBA playoffs and they never have the games on their many TV's. Every time I come in and ask for the games to be turned on they look at me like why would you wanna watch that. I am your customer just do things with a semi positive attitude.
4	I am a fan of this 24 Hour Fitness location!!  Tucked away on the ground floor of the garage of the IRS building, (it's actually not the actual building of the IRS, but it's the parking garage right next to the IRS building.) be sure to park on the ground floor; don't drive up on the ramp!They have a pretty extensive list of equipments, even ones that I don't see at the locations on Nellis & Charleston and the one on Wigwam in Henderson.  It smells clean in there and the whole facility seems to be on the newer side. They do not have a pool or sauna, but there are steam rooms available (one in men's locker room, I presume, and one in women's locker room.) They do have a two-hour validation for parking, so be sure to take advantage of that, or you'll be paying $3 for half an hour!  I am definitely adding this 24 Hour location on my list and will be coming back soon!
5	I enjoy working out here very much. I just recently started frequenting 24 hour fitness, making the switch from Gold's and am overall very pleased with my experience each time. Some things I like about working out here is... the parking garage, newer machines & weights, large variety of machines, way less congested w/ other lifters than Gold's. The other patrons AS WELL AS THE EMPLOYEES at 24 seem to be a lot more polite and nicer/friendlier too. I also like how the water fountain has a spigot to fill your water bottle. Sometimes it's the simpler things in life that make it complete. This location in particular is a mini 24 so there's no pool, etc but they did manage to get a good bit of weights and equipment in there. No stupid card to lose, they're hi-tech using finger print scanners.Some things I dislike are...lack of benches, only 2 available that adjust. Also the lack of a few machines that i liked at Gold's. Last the limited amount of rear delt/fly machines. I always have to wait for this one but at least if I ask to work in w/ them my odds are better at 24 that they won't sigh and huff & puff b/c I asked. How rude the Gold's patrons tend to be! I'm not the one holding up the machine, sitting on it spending 10 minutes on my iPhone! What kind of work out are they really getting? Go to LVAC if you want to "be seen" & get out of my way!
3	Its your standard gym.  At least its clean and newish.  Convienient to work...
