4	This isn't like any other Lenny's I've been to previously!  Most of them have been very hole in the wall feeling.  The one is really cool looking, with the feeling that you've stepped into a 50's diner, or a restaurant with history instead of one in just a strip mall.  Small booths line one side, and you can sit right at the counter, but everyone orders the same - walk up to a guy and tell him what you want.  Before I'd filled up my soda can my burger and fries were hot and ready go to.  And SO good!  Great mix of folks there, cops, guys in suits, folk who live in the general area and of course all the folks who work in walking distance.  If you call ahead there is a special place where you can pick up the orders too in case you're getting it for the whole office.I held back on getting a shake, but at other locations it's the shake that makes the visit.  They have so many flavors and they'll mix them for no additional cost.  Flavors include vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, banana, caramel, peanut butter, pineapple, cherry, cinnamon, and several others.  I spent a good 5 minutes just staring at the board and coming up with potential flavor combos.  Mmmmm....It's not going to be the best burger in Phoenix or anything, but it's fast, it's simple, and the location itself is pretty cool.  Oh yea - they also have hot dogs and other goodies, but to me, it's all about burger, fries and a shake.
4	I seem to forget about Lenny's for my lunch break.  I've only been here once and I really enjoyed my cheeseburger.  It's a tiny, BUSY burger joint/diner on Central Ave.  It's quick too-- they got me in and out and happily fed in good time.  I need to pick a day soon to head over there again!
5	Stumbled on this place on Wednesday, July 3, after a visit to the Phoenix Art Museum.  We were traveling up Central looking for a place to cool off and have a cold drink, when my wife Marie noticed the sign for Lenny's on the nondescript strip mall.  She had noticed "Shakes" on the window, so we pulled in to check it out.Not a big place, but decorated like a diner from the 1950's but smaller.  Lenny's was busy.  People in line, people sitting enjoying their food. We got in line and quickly moved up to the counter.  Marie ordered a 32 oz. mint cookie shake and I ordered a 32 oz. vanilla shake and an order of french fry for both of us.  The total for the order was $11.00. We waited about 3 minutes and our fries were ready.  Picking that up at the counter, I see they are making our huge shakes.  Another 2 minutes and our shakes were ready.  Both of us found the flavors very enjoyable and the ice cream treat was cold and refreshing.  The fries were tasty and we snacked on them as we sipped our way into a sugar coma.We were able to watch the burgers being made as we sat at our small booth and both commented on how good they looked.  Next time I'm in central Phoenix I will check out the taste of the burgers.
5	Woot Woot!  That's what my belly says when I walk into Lenny's.  My arteries hate me, but my belly and taste buds love me.  If I could dive into a pool of ranch with Lenny's fries I would.  Their burgers are great, and their chicken sandwiches are amazing.  Those are the only things I have tried there, but I've heard good things bout the tuna melt also.  Its fast, small and slightly frenzied.  I ususally take it to go during lunch hour.  But you can sidle up to the counter like a real old-fashioned burger joint.  They also make yummy shakes and malts.  I swear, this is where you wanna go if you are breaking your diet.  Yum!
5	Oh Lenny, you're so smart. You probably have a 4 million dollar chateau on Camelback Mountain because of this place. Its an -effing GOLDMINE!Your basic sloppy-but delicious burger joint. 50s garb on the walls. It looks like its wrapped in tin foil. Great spot for lunch. I think it's outstanding because I just happened to "forget my wallet" and someone "got me." Also too, (haha).... it's busy, busy. A great buzz inside of happiness. In addition of the record breaking 2 minute wait for your magical feast during lunch hour its hella cheap son.Grab plenty of napkins. Yes, you will be making a mess. Then, make friends with people around you. Seating and space is minimal. You may be sitting on the IT guy's lap.
4	i love Lenny's burgers. i used to live over on 15th ave and camelback when i was about twelvish. and at the time there was a Lenny's up the street. my mom would pick up burgers from there about twice a month...that location is long gone.i was super stoked when this one opened up. i kept seeing the opening soon sign thinking, "this shit better open up soon, i got a craving" well it did open..but by the time it did i forgot all about lenny's. a year or so after it opened i finally got my fix and it was amazing..all that i remember as a yut. ranch burger with cheese please. YES!!!the decor is cool too..i just wish this damn place was open on the weekends and late at night. i would tear this shit up like a pack a wolves do campers.  ohh i'm the first vote for "No" on "Good for Kids" i honestly do not think children should be eating this much cholesterol but that is the only reason for the No. lol
4	My Favorite Food: Greasy Cheeseburgers served fresh Hot and with an Awesome side of Fries and A Diet Coke of course.Food is really good and the owner was very fast and friendly!4 ppl for lunch all had combo meals $26.00 what a deal.
5	Due to this pregnancy, I've given up my vegetarian ways so this baby can have some extra protein! I should have known as soon as I was craving cheeseburgers, he was a boy! I work about two blocks from here and some co-workers decided to go here for lunch one day. Cheeseburgers and milkshakes? Count me in!I love this place! Very 50-ish with the counter and barstools. The cheeseburgers are to die for! I mean it! And they give you a heaping of fries! They also have sweet tea here, which is a bonus for me. The orders are so quick! Granted, you do come out feeling as if you can't eat again for days, but it is so worth it! Good thing there isn't one by my house or else, I would eat there more often than I do!Definately recommend!
5	Let me be clear:  Best Burger in Arizona! Lenny's is a 50s style dinner that serves the most delicious burger in Phoenix that I have yet to experience. The counter and barstools perfect the theme of the place and allow for customers to watch the cooks prepare the burgers or dogs.  The fries are delicious, too.  And it is one of the cheapest places to eat in downtown Phoenix.  And often times, Lenny himself is there taking your order.I HIGHLY recommend Lenny's to any burger lover.  It will not disappoint.  And they just recently doubled the size of the place!
5	I have been meaning to try this place for a while.  I love a good burger.  It is one of my favorite foods.  It took me a while because like most local downtown-midtown restaurants it closes early.  Hours are 8am - 7pm Monday to Friday. Sucks closed on the weekend.  I work a lot so I usually get out of work late.I had the Mexican burger without mayonnaise.  I dis-like mayonnaise on burgers and sandwiches.  I find it rather appalling.  The only time I have mayonnaise is when it plays a minor role in potato salad or if it is fresh made aioli. Sorry my mind tends to wander.  Back to the burger!!  They reason they call it a Mexican burger is because of the green chilies.  I believe them  to be a New Mexico Hatch chilies.  Don't be scared of the word chili if you don't know Hatch green chilies are very mild.  It was also cheesy and greasy which are the sign of a good burger.  The fry's were crisp and delicious. Fry's are another one of my favorite foods, which I don't like to share with people.  So if I go out to eat with somebody I tell them they better order their own basket.  They also have great desserts.  I had a banana split.  The only issue I have is that their root beer floats are made with Mug root beer because they serve Pepsi products.  Mug is the worst root beer I have ever had.The best thing about this place is that it is very reasonable priced.  To order one of their burger combos with fry's and a 32 ounce drink goes for: $4.99 to $6:99.  It is always cool to find a cheap cool hang out because I am very frugal.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall on the southeast corner of Thomas & Central.  It is easy to spot because  it has huge neon signs in the windows.  When you go inside is when you feel as you have stepped into a 50's dinner in a stand alone building.  It has diamond pattered stainless steel panels all over the walls.  Which honestly is a little dis-orientating but cool.  Also, with red table tops, red benches and metal chairs.  Plus a lot more 50's decor.I will definitely be going often.  I guess I will have to sneak out of work early or take a long lunch break to go there.
2	we are a big fan of retro diners and burger shops, and the decor caught our attention, so we decide to try it out. the menu looked promising and the prices weren't bad at all, so we were pretty gosh-darned excited.however, the food sucked. a lot. i got a teriyaki burger and it was gross. the sauce was lame and the mushrooms were, like, canned or something that you would find at burger king or some other shitpile. my lady got the veggie burger and she said it was just ok. but, it was cold, so that's dumb. also the gravy on the side (which cost 60 annoying cents) looked like poop in cat litter. the fries were good though, so this place gets 2 stars for that and the sweet interior.
5	Tried this a few weeks ago and ever since had a hankering to get back for more. Only problem is their stupid hours... Who closes at 7PM on the weekdays, 2PM on saturday, and isn't open on Sunday? Guess when you're sitting on a gold mine you can do what you want...Burgers are big and sloppy and awesome. That's really all there is to say. Decor is kinda cool, I posted pics if you want to see some. Food is cheap and fast, a big plus. Its right off the Thomas and Central Lite Rail stop, so if you're looking for good eats, Lenny's is a good stop! Only problem is the hours, but hell if I was old Lenny, I'd need some time for golf too.
5	Ahh, Lenny's. That super ghetto string of burger joints in Phoenix which just happens to have the best burger in the valley. Certainly better than the shithole in Tempe known as Ted's. Wait, the one on Thomas & Central isn't ghetto, is in fact super nice, and has an awesome 5 & Diner type theme? Lies. To my delight, it was true. When my work moved here I had to try it right away. This Lenny's is extremely clean, inviting, and has a great atmosphere. As always, the food is superb. They have a pretty extensive burger menu with the best items being the plain old single, double, triple, and Mexican burgers. They give you a ton of options for each burger order on top of that. They also have shakes, onion rings, a bunch of other appetizer type foods, and a very simple combo structure for each type of burger. Perhaps even more notable is that Lenny's is cheap. You can come out of there with a very filling meal for $4-7.Supposedly this place gets packed in during lunch due to all of the office buildings in the area. I don't go during that time so it's hard for me to say. I do know that they recently expanded the seating area. Available space should be a bit more than double what it was before, so if the crowd was always a deal breaker don't be afraid to try again. Otherwise, I usually go after about 4PM and the place is completely dead.The only bad things I can say about this Lenny's is that the hours aren't too great and it cannot accommodate groups. Every dining table is tiny and Lenny's has a 7PM closing time on a weekday. This is pretty common for most eateries around Thomas & Central. Hell, the Best of Philly across the street from Lenny's closes at 4PM every day which is a fucking joke.Oh, also, get the Jalapeno Chili Cheese Fries. You won't regret it.
2	After reading a lot of the reviews, my expectations were pretty high.  I'm a pretty big burger lover, will even order one in a fancy restaurant if I think it'll be good in that particular place.The burger was "ok," a disappointment compared to what I thought I'd be getting.  In fact, it tasted EXACTLY like Burger King.  It even looked like a Burger King hamburger (which in my opinion is not good at all).  The fries were delicious, plentiful and seasoned very nicely.  They did their job quite well.The interior of the restaurant is fun, light-hearted 50's retro diner for sure. It's a good time to look at the pics on the wall.  They put a lot into the look of the place and it shows.   Also, the staff was fast and helpful and my order was ready in no time at all (and I was there during lunch rush!).So, in all - a good lunch place for cheap and a fun dining experience.  But don't drive all the way down here for the burgers if you live far away.  They are average at best.  Frankly, if you're up for driving and want a good burger, you're better off at FatBurger (Mill ave) or try the burger at Jilly's up in Scottsdale (very good).
4	Remember that scene in  "Harold and Kumar" when the finally get the burgers and it's amazing? That's what eating at Lenny's is like. When you show up during the lunch rush, it's a madhouse. Fire, meat, people yelling, the smell of fries, it's amazing.The  metal walls with neon and 50's pictures help increase the awesome of this restaurant. They serve up a decent amount of food, from chicken, to burgers, to shakes and cheese fries. This place is very "diner", and I have always had great food here.
5	Top notch diner fare, best of it's kind.  Burgers were fast, juicy and tasty!  I had a double burger, double cheese, with bacon and fries.  By the time I got my drink filled, the order was up.  Great service considering it was the lunch rush.  Tough to beat that!  Fries were crispy and delicious.  Restaurant was sparkling clean.  Service was immediate and friendly.  I will be back (not too often, I'm on a diet! :-)
5	When I used to work at Central and Thomas, this was my preferred lunch location. There would be many times I'd sneak out the back doors to avoid having Melanie pick her up something (which she did every time. Quit asking me where I'm going. I'm not your mule.)I had the good fortune to be back at that branch and Lenny's was calling my name. They've expanded since my former days going there, but it was just as busy and the food remained awesome. The green chili burger is my standard order, and really brought back memories. Well, fond memories of their food, not of Melanie. :shudders:
4	I've been to Lenny's twice now after my husband raved about how much he had loved it when he worked downtown a few years ago.  Both times I have been, we went on a weekday in the evening.  They close down half of the shop, since lunchtime is their busiest.  It is across the street from my fav place, Best of Philly.  What a hard choice between the two, especially when my hubby loves Lenny's and I love Philly.  The first time I went I saw a picture of their Chili Cheese Fries in the window and knew I had to have them.  It took me forever to figure out what type of burger I wanted though, b/c they have combos that they have created and then a ton of different ways to create your own.  I decided on the Sourdough Burger and it was super tasty.  The sourdough is toasted and the burger is juicy.  Perfect!  As for the chili cheese fries...incredibly good!  I did try their regular fries on my second visit and the seasoning they put on them is really good too.  My husband just loves the Mexican Burger, which has green chile on it and pepper jack cheese.  He is obsessed with it and pretty much dreams about it, and both times I have been in I have heard people also ordering it.  The atmosphere is one of an old diner with a white tin roof and tiled counters.  One gripe I have is that they don't seem to keep it cool enough inside.  There are ceiling fans, but the sun blasts into the front windows and I end up sweating while I am eating.  It's uncomfortable, so that is what prevents me from giving them 5 stars.
4	Exceptional Burger! Meat was perfectly charcoal-broiled with a just slightly crispy, crunchy edge, and juicy, steaky flavor, sitting on top of a generous layering of dressing, followed by shredded lettuce, 2 Beefsteak tomatoes, diced, grilled onion if you prefer, and perfectly melted thick-sliced cheese. Can't stuff it in your gullet fast enough! The oil used for frying has got to be changed often, because the fries come out with a perfect snap everytime. Prices are very fair. Portions very generous. Service is exemplary. One of the Best Burgers I've ever tasted!
3	Lenny, Lenny, Lenny. I've had your take out, love the flavors, but you kinda mess up my order. Every. Time. I wanted Thousand Island and got BBQ. I wanted a double. And got a triple. FOR THE LOVE OF BEEF...THREE PATTIES IS JUST WRONG! Julia Roberts couldn't fit that stack o beef in her mouth. And she's got a big ass mouth. Seriously. And why do I like your fries? They are reminiscent of Ore Ida. But that's cool, cuz I like 'em. And if you could slow down when slapping my toppings on those de lish sizzling patties...messy is good, but I eventually just made a salad out of that last burger. Chopped it all up and ate it with a fork. And eventually, my fingers. So Lenny. I think Squiqqy is distracting you. I know you're the Lone Wolf and all, but focus, focus focus. Who on earth will get this 80s reference wins a free drink. On me.
4	still damn good burger. messy and delicious. fries are pretty good too. tried the strawberry malt and it was tasty. otherwise not much else i can add from my previous review.Yum.!!..
5	Was contacted by Jennifer, Lenny's daughter, in response to a concern I had on a recent visit, to remedy the situation in any way she could. THAT, my fellow Yelpers, is what it's all about! And she and Lenny's will continue to earn my business. Well done Lenny and Jennifer! Best Wishes for continued success!
4	WOW!  This must be the best Lenny's burger shop that I have ever been.  The dual ordering center is a major plus.  Burger still good but the chili dog is off the hook!!  oh and dont forget the shakes.  to go. . .. .   :)
5	I love Lenny's burgers! They are always speedy and have great burgers! Fantastic place to have lunch during work.
5	This is one of the best burgers I have had in a long time! Lenny's is clean, cheap and fast! My food was done before I finished filling up my soda. I went with a party of 5 for lunch and there was no problem finding a seat. If you work downtown, I would definitely stop by for lunch!
2	This has to be one of the most overrated restaurants on yelp. I left my office on central and clarendon at 11:55AM, and didn't pull into the Lenny's parking lot a half mile down the road until 12:10PM. Of course, the stop and go traffic in downtown Phoenix at lunch hour really has no bearing on this review other than to show it is not worth the drive. Upon entering I was instantly immersed in a crowd of 40 something yuppies desperately trying to prove they are hip in some way. Why trendy fast food restaurants have become a haven for them I have no idea. Anyway, the service was quick considering how busy the place was. I ordered a double burger with cheese and fries. I was anticipating a tasty burger with good fries. Unfortunately what I got was simply an average burger with tasteless fries. It was basically like eating at McDonald's but without feeling sick afterwords. (Maybe that is the appeal?)Whatever the case, I see no reason to fight through stop and go traffic and brigades of annoying white urban professionals to get an average at best burger when I could go to Burger Factory down the street and get the same of better quality burger without the traffic or crowds.
4	Lenny's never disappoints. It's good food and comforting diner-themed restaurant make it a must for lunch one day if you find yourself in midtown Phoenix. It's doesn't have an award-winning menu, but it's casual vibe fit with the meals provided.
3	The neon drew me in. I had a late lunch there today. Had the #2 combo w/cheese a double burger, fries and 32 oz drink for $7.14. It was good and more than I could eat. I was impressed buy the menu of burgers and for this reason I am eager to return to try a few others. The fries I understand have improved recently and so I have no complaints on them. The food was served fast and hot. The place was clean and shiny, so were the workers. No sign of Lenny and the family troop other than the portrait on the wall, a little disappointed by that but I'll get over it. It looks like business has been good for the new year already at Lenny's. Day 4 of 2010 and I was order 260!
4	Popped in again today! Had Chili Cheese Fries and a 20 oz root-beer float for under $6! Enough chili cheese fries to share too. They were awesome as was the float. Service was quick. place was half full of High Schoolers but things were still clean, neat and orderly. A few nearby business people popped in also and were greated as regulars. I'm a fan now! I'll be back to try something different or more of the same.
4	Lenny's is within walking distance of my office so why did it take me this long to stroll on over for a burger? I had the Mexican Burger, full of onions and green chilis, a healthy serving of fries and a 32 oz'er for $6 - well worth it. We went at 11:30 and it was starting to fill up, but they take care of you quick. Next time, Chili dog, you're mine, all mine!!
4	Wow what a good burger shop. I pop in every now and again to get me a very well put together cheese burger. Fries here are good, haven't had much else on the menu. I really dig the teriyaki burger and the and the Mexican burger.  Even when this place is busy, your served fairly quick and the food is always hot and fresh.  No complaints here, what a great addition to Cen Pho!!!!
4	Real quick update. They now offer sweet potato fries as a free alternative to their regular fries. I decided to go with them today to accompany my teriyaki burger instead of the norm, and they were amazing.
2	Lenny's was OK but nothing to write home about.  Since I am a vegetarian I decided to stop in because I heard they had a veggie burger.  I assumed that a Burger Shop would be able to pull off a bad-ass veggie burger but I was wrong. The burger, fries, and drink cost me a little over $7.00 thankfully the fries were good.
4	This place is nestled in a strip mall close to a Subway. The decor is 50's diner and the food is great. I have only been once but will go again. The burgers were delicious with the right amount of everything. My friend got a milkshake and was gleaming over it. I would recommend this place to anyone that is in the area. However, I doubt it is very heart healthy so beware if you are on a special diet.
5	Highly recommend not only for great food, but excellent service! Thank you Jennifer for your kindnesses shown me and your dedication and concern over the satisfaction of your patrons! Well done all around! Will be back for more, and more! Best Wishes for continued success!
4	Awesome joint for a Burger meal.  Great burger patty, awesome seasoned fries and big size drink! Under $7.
4	Lenny's is great little spot. The restaurant has a family-feel, like they care about you - unlike a corporate-run chain. I had the Mexican burger (grilled onions & green peppers, ranch [I think...] and cheese) and was very pleased!
5	This place is cute and clean.  I found the service to be very fast and friendly also.  I had a hamburger with fries.  The hamburger was good and on a very soft bun.  The fries were hot and very good.  They had a very mild seasoning and stayed hot throughout my entire meal.  Also, the mustard and ketchup containers on the table were cold.  We got there before the crazy lunch rush.  Definately have to go back and try the milkshakes too.  Delish!
5	All the things I liked before were here again.  Also, I was super - hungry so everything had an extra special deliciousness to it.  Great way to get over "the Mondays"
5	I've been a long-time lover of Lenny's for several reasons.1) Single best cheese fries outside of Wisconsin.2) Adorably retro3) Around the corner from my place of employment.The customer service is equally delightful.
5	For anybody that wants the feel of a traditional diner from the 50s, 60s, and 70s Lenny's fits that bill. The food is appropriately tasty and filling. Their burgers are some of the best in town, as long as you're not looking for healthy fitness related food that is :)And the chocolate peanut butter shake is amazing. My 7 year old son, who is a notoriously picky eater, recently had a burger shake combo and was in a total food coma by the time we got to our car. He now begs to go back (mostly for the shake, but he liked the burger too).If you're downtown and feel the urge to splurge on something you know can't be good for you then head over to Lenny's!
5	This was worth the ride on the Metro Rail. I get the Triple Burger with Cheese. Ohh man its greasy and the meat is fresh. I love the fries i can never get enough. I never had a shake but they seem to be made with Real Ice Cream. Doesnt take to long to get your food even during the Lunch Rush. Employees are polite and funny, joking around with you and the other employees.
5	I came here with my daughter per her advisement that I would fall in love with the burgers here. We came on a Thursday during lunch time and the place was packed!! We both ordered a double cheeseburger and then made one a combo meal, we shared the fries and drink. By the time we found a seat at the counter our food was ready ( about 5 minutes ) I was impressed that they got it done so fast. When I took the first bite and the cheese and the juice from the burger patties started to run down my face and hands I knew I was in love. The burger was juicy and flavorful and the fries were very hot and crispy. I was barely able to finish the burger, but it was soooo good I had to eat it all.We watched them make the burgers while we sat at the counter and were to see other types of burgers to give ideas of what to get next time. Our bill came to only $11.07 and we were both stuffed for the rest of the day. I will definitely be back again and again.
5	I think in terms of local hamburger joints, Lenny's is pretty bad ass.  They have tons of toppings and ways to jazz up your burger.  You can watch them make your burger through the glass.  The shakes are pretty good as well.  It's a hole in the wall with enough character to raise it a few notches above the rest.  Other places, that are dives but good, like Lucky Boy are in the same class but Lenny's seems more like a destination as opposed to a drive thru.  However, to put in all in perspective, we're talking hamburgers here.  Nothing gourmet.  Five and diner style hamburgers, grilled sandwiches and fries.  You can add jalapenos, green chiles, chili, cheese, bacon,....whatever.  You pay one price for a drink and can choose whatever size you want.  The drinks are self serve.It's easy on the wallet as well, as it should be.  I fed my family of five for around $35 or so.  My main criticism is the lack of big booths or more spacious seating.  Every time I go, the room with extra seating is closed off.  But seating everyone between the counter and the small booths is part of the experience, I suppose.
4	Hands down, The Best veggie burger I have ever tasted! I order it with cheese and with jalapenos. Order ahead of time and you could walk in and out within 3 mins. I recommend their house ranch, definitely worth the quarter. Service is fast, friendly and accurate.
4	Lenny's is awesome and I eat there often.  This place would be 5-stars if they had a good working A/C unit.  During the summer this place is a 3, and it's a 5 during the winter.  Averages out to a 4.The burgers are cooked right there in the open so you can see the entire process from start to finish.  All food is clearly cooked to order and you sometimes see them dropping your fries into the fryer once your order is processed.The employees are helpful, nice, and have been working there for years.  In fact, I even see Lenny (the owner) sitting at the bar hanging out almost every time I go in for lunch.They recently expanded their space so there is a lot more seating now, but tables and booths still have a very tight feel to them; and the place is so busy at lunch that they sometimes can't keep up on keeping the tables clean.The fountain is Pepsi products.  I put that here because I know that's a big downside to Coke fans.If you want a great burger and you're near Thomas and Central, hit up Lenny's.
1	Why does everyone rave about this place? The burgers are about the same as a fast food place. The fries are not fresh as advertised but made from prepackaged frozen bags. It took one minute to get my burger. Yet the place is busy. A better burger joint is Wood Flame Burgers.
4	I find excuses to go into work just so I can walk across the street to enjoy a Lennyburger.It's an addiction. I heard somewhere that addiction is defined as thinking you can't live without the thing that's killing you. In my case it's the delicious, complex flavors that only grilled beef can provide. Who cares if I have the arteries of a 60-year-old in the body of a 40-year old?This place is the inverse of McDonalds or Burger King. You get the full flavor and none of that hateful aftertaste from either the burgers or the fries.Still. . . .fat. . . .sodium . . . . gaahhhhOh hell, we're all going to die anyway.
4	Though the prices were a little high for my meager budget, it was freakin' delicious. I can't wait to go back and try their other menu items. I also love the old time burger shop feel to it without that trying-to-hard look, like a lot of diners.
5	The best fast food burger hands down. Can't beat leaving there for $5 and feeling stuffed. I always get the country burger or the Mexican burger.
4	$20 got my husband a truly man sized burger "cowboy" burger, me a single, large well seasoned fries (best I've had since leaving Idaho!), large drinks, and a 32 oz Oreo shake. Food was amazing, they lost a star because its toted as a family place, but there was very little seating for more than two, and a lot of foul language. Atmosphere needs a bit of work, but the food... AMAZING. no questions asked, one of the best burger joints I've visited!
4	I have yet to have anything from Lenny's that wasn't outright delicious. The fries are absolutely amazing. The only downside, which may actually be a positive, is that it is really busy during lunch time and there isn't much parking. Other than that, it's one of my favorite burger shops and the prices are really good.
5	Really good burger. I got the Mexican burger, and it was great. And not to expensive.
5	A little tid bit most of you don't know, when I was growing up, I was nick named "Neil Burger" Got this tile for eating the 1 LB burger at Tractons in LA when I was 7 years old.  Well I have found a match, you have gourmet burgers, fast food burgers, even veggie burgers but these guys have it done right.  Soft Buns that hold up to the fixings (Don't get Soggy) Flavorful meat 80/20 most likely. A price that makes McDonald's look expensive! If you love burgers of old, and really want the best burger for your buck, get to Lenny's and have a bite of heaven wrapped in paper, the old fashioned way!
4	I have been here twice now and both times were a good experience.Lenny and staff are super friendly and welcome you in.  So far I've had the normal cheese burger and the "mexican" burger which is really just a cheese burger with green chilis.I can say that the mexican burger is amazing.  The green chilis fuse with the meat so well that before you know it you almost bit your hand from devouring this burger.Not much more I can write about this place....I wish it was bigger as during lunch time it can get rather crowded.
5	Great food, super fast lunch service.  seating was full but the bar was good place to sit to see all the action
4	Always a good spot for me & the boys to get our burger on. Good food, good service & hot girls to top off the eye candy. I'm a fan.
4	Sometimes I just want a little shame.  I want to look at my meal and say to myself "seriously? You think that's a good idea?" That's usually the time that I dive into something like Lenny's. It's definitely not a health food spot.  I usually get the Mexican Burger which has green chile and lots ooey gooey goodness on it.  The fries are always delicious and I firmly believe that they are sprinkled with crack.  The hours kind of suck, the AC doesn't seem to work that well, and the ordering/seating is a bit of a cluster *&^# but it just can't be beat for a hangover burger.
4	One of the best burgers I've had in a LONG time!! Definitely worth cheating on my diet!! The guys that work there were really friendly. Although, some of the people that came in after us were told that they could not dine-in because they close at 7. This is definitely a place that I would come for dinner, so I find it odd that they close so early... especially being downtown! The burger was mouth watering... juicy with amazing toppings & condiments. Everything tasted very fresh! You can see the cook's kitchen through a window from almost any table (which is comforting)... and they get your meal out fast! It has a really cute 50's diner theme. The only reason that I took away one star is because my burger fell apart & I had to eat it with a fork & knife. Expect to get your hands dirty! It was still incredibly delicious though!And, it was about 108 in Phoenix yesterday... it seemed like their air conditioning was only set to 90. I was dripping sweat throughout the most of my meal. Minus the tiny set backs... I am still today dreaming about that burger!!! Not to mention that EVERYTHING else on their menu looked so delicious, it was almost impossible to decide on one thing. I can't wait to try the chili cheese dog! I will DEFINTELY be returning.
3	Been there only once.  A hole in a wall place type restaurant with general fast food.  The burgers are pretty good but I've had better.
4	Great food and friendly staff.  Loved the Mexican burger
5	Great food!  The burger was perfectly grilled.  I would definitely go back again to Lenny's when I'm in town.
5	I LOVE this place because not only is the food great, but the staff is super friendly. Great food. Great decor. Great customer service. You can often see Lenny behind the register too! :)
4	The decor is great.  The burgers are cooked nicely to order.  It's a nice place to grab a quick burger and fries.  Right off Central you have to look closely to find.  The lunch crowd gets busy.
4	I whipped in here to busy Lenny's today to give it a try.  This is a red & white tile diner sort of a place, & I found a comfortable booth to land in for lunch.My order for this first visit was a Garlic, Mushroom & Swiss Burger.  Along side, I pigged it up with fries, a bowl of chili, & a chocolate malt.  (So much for the diet!!)Everything was delicious!  The malt was nice & thick the way I like them, & the burger was killer, especially for the price.The fries were thick cut, tasty & crisp, & the chili was good too.  Also, this one is headed to the "Friendly Restaurants" list, as the staff members here, especially Lenny and Jennifer, were just precious!Garlic, Mushroom & Swiss Burger & fries $5.78, Bowl of Chili $2.39, 16 Oz. Chocolate Malt $3.29.Open Monday thru Friday 8-7, Sat 10-2.
4	NOM! I work right across the street from them and decided to skip the salad and go to Lenny's! It was a lot different inside than I had expected (it's in a strip mall) it was white and red checkered retro-style... Like a good old-fashioned burger joint SHOULD be! I had a "build your own burger" with Jack cheese, jalapenos, avocado and 1000 Island dressing. SO good, the fries were hot and crispy, too! It wasn't a grease bucket burger place, the burger was surprisingly not greasy at all. I didn't even feel as guilty as I thought I would because it was clearly good quality meat. Oh and Lenny actually exists, which I found pretty cool. (I've never seen Filibero or Wendy anywhere;)) The service was great, too. Everyone was so friendly even though it was during the lunch rush and they were slammed.
1	No fresh ingredients at all. Mushrooms are obviously canned. How someone could rate a burger place high that doesn't do cook to order burgers is ridiculous. Might as well go to McDONALD'S.  Fries are terrible too
4	Why on earth would anybody in central phoenix eat at any of the fast food burger chains, when Lenny's Burger Shop is right in the center of town? The place serves up a fantastic quick burger for a very low price. For just $6.75, I had a Mexican Burger Combo. The beef is wonderful and the burger is topped with grilled Onions, green chilies and jack and cheddar cheese. The only thing I didn't care for was the mayo. I thought it was very unnecessary to slab mayo on both buns, but I am not a mayo lover like most people are. This beats anything that Five Guys, In & Out, McDonalds, Burger King or Jack in the Box offers.  High quality food, low price.  The fries weren't all that special, but there are countless options of upgrades (including onion rings and sweet potato fries) which I'll have to try sometime. The place screams all American 50's dinner. All red and metal. This is the kind of place you see in movies like "American Graffiti." The only negative is the location and parking lot. Because of the light rail in the middle of Central, it's hard to get in and out. The lot is also very small for the amount of businesses located in the plaza. I Could see it being a pain to navigate during a busy weekday lunch rush.There's a huge menu of good cheap food.  If you're looking for a classic burger, hot dog, and fries...  Look no further than Lenny's!
4	Custom burger, fries and drink for under $10... Yes, Please!  I've recently moved offices to a mere block away from Lenny's and couldn't take the torture of smelling my co-workers fries anymore, so I decided to give it a try.  I'll just say it was everything I had hoped for.   When I arrived promptly at noon, the place was already packed (good sign of deliciousness), so I hopped in line and pondered all the options for building my burger.  As a vegetarian, I get excited to see a menu that gives me options. I was pleasantly rang up by Lenny himself, who greeted me with a hand shake!  I decided on the Veggie burger topped with Cheddar cheese, BBQ, Ranch and green olives (Why not), with a side of sweet potato fries.  My meal was cooked to order, and only took about 10 minutes.  After picking up my order,  the long (20 ft) walk from the counter to the table was a test of my inner strength, as I wanted to plow my face into the shiny orange fries.  I contained myself for the moment and then devoured every last one of them.  Lenny's was definitely a lunch time treat and I will be back.  Although next time I need to plan a nap hour after my visit, because I was in a food comma!
5	I remember Lenny's from 2003 on 27ave & Glendale. One of the first places in AZ that reminded me of some good burgers back home in L.A. I heard they opened one in central Phoenix so I had to stop by. I noticed they have a new look and their menu has so much stuff compare to the first place. Wtf?! holding out on us on the west of Phoenix? Well it's okay I forgive you guys, I seen they are remodeling the one on 27ave & Glendale same look and menu better be the same :)
2	Yelpers...please rate these places accurately! I wanted a burger, so i looked on yelp to see the highest rated places were. I went in and ordered a double with cheese and the works. After the 1st bite, I knew i lost 8 bucks. This was not worthy of a 4 star. Mushrooms tasted like they got it out of a can and the burger meat wasn't appealing. I asked for medium well and it wasn't cooked correctly. When it comes to burgers, I don't joke around. This place has nothing on 5 guys. Totally unsatisfactory. I will try it again, to make sure I get a good reading.
4	Mmmm, Lenny, you make one tasty burger.Seasoned well, delicious and quick. I've been going to another Lenny's in North Phoenix for about 15 years now and it's dangerous that this is in my new neighborhood. Pretty soon I'm going to look like a hamburger!
4	First time trying this place with my guy, and when we got there it was dead. Beat the rush by going in a little earlier than you'd like. We politely asked for a few minutes, and the guy proceeded to just stand there. Staring at us. Waiting. Not looking away. I explained that this was our first time and we need a minute to think about what we need in hopes that he would at least smile and tell us to take our time. Nothing. Just stood there and stared us down until we ordered*. No pressure.The second staff cheerfully brought us our meal with a pleasant smile and really warmed the place up. This guy seemed to be the grill man, and I'm not sure why they don't put him at the cash register. My food: Regular burger with no cheese was room temperature and needed a little salt for my taste as the inside was completely unseasoned and unsalted, only the tops are sprinkled with grill seasoning it seems. Fell apart trying to hold the weight of so much mayo. Sweet potato fries were also lukewarm but delicious and mushy. His food: Garlic Mushroom Swiss burger was passable but like other Yelpers said, these mushrooms are waterlogged and canned, never having seen a grill in their miserable lives. Chili cheese fries were the star of the show, piled high with steak chili and liquid molten nacho lava goodness. Hot and fresh, seasoned well. Notes:-They DO deliver from 11am to 2pm. Call first!-There is outdoor seating (2 tables), should you want to sit and eat while being serenaded by the sounds and smells of Central Ave traffic. -The inside seating is tiny, and while the atmosphere screams family, you will not be comfortable eating here unless you're a party of two. Their take-out service might serve you better.-If you're going for the first time, I suggest either the Mexican Burger or anything buried in chili and cheese. Can't go wrong, and wash it down with sweet tea if you're so inclined.*For those wondering if that guy was just in a bad mood, I've been back once since then and he also stood there silently staring me down until I ordered. He is the silent, staring spirit that still haunts Lenny's to this day.
4	Great food, good prices, had to deduct one star because they charge for condiments... Grow up.
5	Step foot inside Lenny's and you'll know what it feels like to live in 1950's USA. This is an old-fashioned burger joint at its finest, serving nothing but good old fashioned burgers. Don't ask for foie gras on your burger here. No here, you'll get a juicy patty, mayo, onions, pickles and ketchup. Here you'll eat every single calorie and never regret a single bite. That's about all I can add to the reviews of Lenny's, but if you want a delicious, juicy old-fashioned burger, visit Lenny's.
3	Been a couple times already, burgers are decent, chili cheese fries are the bomb, service progressively getting worse. I'll still go from time to time when my coworkers and I are bored of everything else in the area, but it isn't a go-to spot for me in the least.
5	Located in a kinda beaten up strip center on Central Avenue, I wasn't expecting much from Lenny's.  As it turned out, I was very impressed.  Their burger was great, the price was very reasonable, the portion size was very generous, and the french fries were outstanding.  The 50's diner vibe makes the place feel like more than a fast food restaurant.   Next time I am in the area, I'll be coming back!
4	Decent food, cheap prices, somebody obviously cares about this business.  Employees seem to be happy, like working there.  Only thing is the Chicago dog wasn't authentic--no sport peppers, celery salt, the relish wasn't right.  Still tasted good nonetheless.
4	Really good burgers, reasonably priced in a pretty rough area. It won't win any awards for the decor. Limited seats but still worth it for the burgers!
5	This place is good. Like, your doctor and everyone else's doctor hates it but secretly they eat it frequently good. We order for delivery here frequently since I work down the street, and I have never been disappointed. I always get a cheeseburger (simple enough, and it's so amazing), but the onion rings and malts are what make this place my favorite of all favorites for amazing unhealthy binge lunches. Get a side of onion rings and a vanilla Oreo malt and you can die happy (from a massive heart attack, but happy nonetheless).
3	Have to agree with many peers on the onion rings as they were great!The burger was good, but not what I thought it might be given the positive reviews.Definitely prefer 5 Guys burgers.
4	Delightfully surprised!  This place doesn't look like much from the outside in an unassuming strip mall.  Inside, you enter a 50's diner theme and the staff is amazing friendly...from the cashier to the cook who brought us our food.  The food was so tasty and reasonable!  The single burger with 1,000 Island and cheese was a little messy, but totally worth it.  The fries were fresh and so good too.  I will definitely be back when I am in the mood to eat all of my calories for the day in one meal!
5	Wow. So the food was pretty good; nothing SLAP-TASTIC-BLOW-YOUR-MIND-INSANE, but a solid 4 stars. Upon entering the restaurant, half of it was closed down, which was a little disappointing, but tolerable. I was allowed to duck under the chain and explore the back half of the restaurant, which was pretty cool. The employees were cleaning, and the initial welcome was pleasant. However, the events that followed are what really impressed me about Lenny's. I watched as an old man verbally accosted a young man at the register for nearly ten minutes, regarding the outrageous price of milk shakes (which I'm pretty sure the employees have no control over). This young man handled himself with a level of decorum that is probably lacking in most boys his age. It was just impressive beyond words. I was so pleasantly surprised by the level of service provided to us and in the face of this elderly tyrant, I just felt it necessary to write this review to acknowledge the young man who helped us. I don't believe I caught his name, but he was so patient, informative, and kind - his pleasant attitude matched the nostalgia oriented decor, and made me long for the days when I was a child, and customer service actually meant you cared. The food was delicious in its own right and insured that I would be a repeat customer, but the service just made me a customer for life.
3	Three starts isn't a bad thing. It's a solid three stars. A noble three stars.My boyfriend and I found this place after looking for a burger joint in our area. More specifically, we were looking for something cheap but not as yucky as your typical fast food burger joint. Lenny's was the answer!Lenny's is an unassuming, small burger place in a little strip mall off Central. Easy to miss as I know I've driven by this place a hundred times. The interior is reminiscent of a 50's diner. It's cute. It's cheap. Definitely worth paying like, $7 bucks for a combo. Far better than Wendy's or McDonalds. Don't expect this to be the best burger you've ever had because it won't be. But it will be yummy and filling. The chili cheese fries were good also, and a little birdie informed me their shakes and malts are fantastic. My ONLY issue with the place is that on the website it says that everything is fresh and their sauces are made in house. I know the nacho cheese isn't made on site and the chili tastes like the Hormel canned version. They also make it sound like their bread is delivered daily... If someone says bread is delivered daily, I'm going to assume its coming from a local bakery and actually delivered daily. They use your regular,  run of the mill sesame seed burger buns that you order from Sysco or US Foods or Shamrock. It just sounds slightly deceptive. Obviously, I'm nit-picking. Everything was delicious. I'll come back for sure.
5	Great burgers and onion rings. Great customer service. Daniel behind the counter is very friendly!
1	Food's good, but I reckon Lenny makes his cashiers spend their breaks poking each other in the eye.Why else would all the cashiers be in such a bad mood?Peanut butter chocolate milkshake is the only reason to come back.
2	I honestly do not know why this place has the rating it does.The wife and I went to the other location first, as she wanted to try the tuna melt.After waiting in line, my wife ordered the tuna melt. The cashier then informed us (with a bit of attitude) that they don't have the tuna melt.We then drove to this location, as we were heading to that part of town anyways.They have the tuna melt.My wife ordered it with onion rings (which they did not give us, they rang it up for fries instead....After waiting fairly long, we finally got out food, sans the onion rings. Since the place was so slow on getting the food out, we just let it go.The burger was boring, nothing special. Same with the fries as well. Honestly, In and Out is the same money, and tastes much better. There honestly was nothing flavorwise that stood out our entire meal. It is just another boring burger joint trying to cash in on nostalgia.The reason I am only giving them two stars? The place was NASTY dirty. I nearly slipped on some ketchup that was all over the floor in front of the register. The cashier seen this, and did nothing.The area where the drink machine and condiments were - was disgusting. It looked like it had not been cleaned once that day. There was spilled ketchup, sticky drink residue, etc all over the area.They had both areas opened up, and finding a clean table was a challenge. I do not think they had anyone that was cleaning tables. The floor was filthy as well. My wife said it was so bad, if they gave her a mop she would even be compelled to clean it.If I had to use the restroom, I would have held it - because with as poor shape as the main areas were, I would hate to see the restrooms.It was a good value, well priced - albeit nothing special. However the absolute lack of any effort in keeping the place clean will ensure we never return.
2	Well this is my first time at Lenny's and I had a bacon, mushroom, and cheese burger. The burger was cooked well and tasted so-so. I had a better burger the other day at a Greek place. Not saying that it's horrible here, just average. By the way, the sweet potatoe fries I wouldn't recommend.
2	Burger was pretty bland.  Girl at the counter was very friendly.  Would not go back for the food.
4	Lenny himself takes my order and checks me out with jokes and a smile??  Sign me up!  Awesome place to grab a perfect burger and onion rings.  Everyone in my party of 5 thought it was delicious.
3	Saturday's trip made it out second to Lenny's.  The burger I had had WAY too much mayo on it.  Fries were good.  J liked his chili cheese dogs.  If we're ever in the area again, we'll probably go again.  And I'll probably try a different buger - and tell them to go easy on the mayo.
5	Uh, still amazing. Clearly. But...tried the Mexican Burger and it is possibly the best burger I've ever had. Order it.
5	The real deal!  Great burgers, true diner atmosphere. Can't ask for more.
4	DANGEROUSLY located across the street from my old work, I hold Lenny's burger shop directly responsible for those 5 extra pounds I put on while working there. This place was great. Juicy delicious burgers and seasoned french fries were a staple at this joint, but you would be surprised what else they did well! My favorite was the country burger combo. Killer milkshakes too. And if you work in the area, they started serving breakfast a couple years ago and the breakfast burritos are solid. Conveniently located right next to the Thomas lightrail stop.
4	NEEDS A CUSTOMER FACING DISPLAY FOR THEIR POINT OF SALE SYSTEM. The staff here is WONDERFUL, and the OWNER IS ALWAYS HERE, yes that's right, if you come here often, you have the pleasure of meeting Lenny himself.But one major flaw is that they need a display on their point of sale system showing you what you have ordered before you pay (just like their Glendale location), because I have had my order messed up more than quite a few times here, usually they forget my extra french fries, or place everything in the world on my cheese burger, when I only wanted the cheese, meat, and bun.Other than that, I don't really have anything negative to say about this place. I love the staff, and if the right person is at the register, they remember my order and the negative points I have made above is negated.
4	Great lunch spot. I love the diner look, and the good food comes out fast. 7 dollars for a combo is a bit pricey, but it's better quality than any of the fast food restaurants.
4	Lenny's, why do you offer me such easy access???? Why!?!? All I have to do is walk across the street and there you are, calling me with your wonderful sights and smells. And really the cost if your meal cannot be beat! You can probably feed two with some of the burgers they offer but you may get greedy as the burgers are absolutely delicious! Customize your burger stacking your toppings sky high or order one of the combos. Don't forget onion rings! Yummy!
3	Walked over to Lenny's for lunch today.  Ordered the single patty burger.  It was good.  Have I had worse? ... Yes.  Have I had better? ... Yes.  Decor was great.  Service was great.  Fries were good.  The place seemed clean enough.  Did I meet Lenny? ... Yes.  Would I go back again? ... Yes.
2	I ate at this location several years ago. I stopped going because the place was just too small and cramped and was not really enjoyable if you planned on eating there. After they expanded into the suite next door, I gave them another chance and have been there several times since. Today, at 1:00 pm the place was slammed and they had the second section closed so that they could clean it and get the restaurant ready to close. There was no place to sit, yet there was a whole section of empty tables that they would not let people use. There were alot of people in line wondering why a restaurant would do that in the middle of lunch. It does not make good business sense. Lenny, you were sitting with a woman and a young girl in one of the two top booths or I would have brought it up to you. There were alot of unhappy customers.We had to sit at the tables that are sitting right by the door where everyone has to stand to order. Due to the lack of space, people had to set there food on our table so they could try to fill their drinks. At this point, my guest suggested we just take our food and leave. The layout of this restaurant is horrible. No flow whatsoever. All the walkways are so tight you better hope that nobody else is trying to walk the other direction. I thought opening up the restaurant into the next suire would help, but it only helps if you allow people to sit there. We won't be back, but I hope you take this into consideration before you lose any additional customers.
4	If you are looking for a good old fashioned hamburger or hotdog then look more, this is the place. Lenny's has that old 50's dinner appeal and good portions of great American food. The staff are more than friendly and know how to treat a customer.
3	Portions here are large! The burgers are huge. The double cheese burger is big and tasty, the mushroom burger is tasty but a little too messy! The fries are good as well. The friend who ordered the peanut butter shake raved about it. All in all a good value for the price.
4	Amazing spread of ratings for a fairly standard product. Been to every Lenny's in Glendale/Phoenix over the past decade plus. Always the same standard sole proprietor feeling, always the same good diner burger and sides especially the rings. Maybe the store on Central is a bit superior, but they're all good. If you don't like Lenny's you don't have an appreciation for the southwest diner burger. It's ok you're just looking for something else. But this place is at least a 4 star purveyor in its genre.
1	This was the worst burger I have ever eaten in my life.  It was way overcooked - dry - like leather.  I couldn't be paid to eat here again.  I really don't understand the high reviews.
4	This place was good. I actually ate my whole burger and not just the fries like I usually do! :)
4	Lenny's was exactly what I expected.  Waited less then ten minutes for a killer burger.  it is one of the few places that i will get nacho cheese to dip fries in.   They have a bunch of other great sauces to choose from too. Personal burger rating. 7 of 10.
5	I love coming to Lenny's for two reasons. The first reason is that the burgers are awesome and the second reason is that it is right by my work.  It is easy to get in & out of and the service is quick.  It is a really cute little burger shop in downtown.  You just go to the cashier and order your food and then a couple minute later your food is ready.  My favorite burger here is the bacon cheeseburger with fries.   Happy Yelping.
2	I don't get the HYPE.  It didn't taste right.  Never going back
3	Nice little bugler joint. The server was very upbeat and the service was fast. There were a lot of interesting options on the menu but I figured I would order a cheeseburger to be safe. It looked great but unfortunately I was a bit dissapointed.  Too bad because the condiments were fresh, the fries were hot but the patty was NOT. It was cooked ok but it looks like they pre-cook them. At least throw them on the grill to heat up so the meat is warm and the cheese is melted or better yet cook it to order.
4	So, I was working in the area and passed this place on the way to lunch at the neighboring Subway. Saw the Yelp decal in the window and was further intrigued by the neat retro decor and busy, vibrant atmosphere, and decided to give it a shot.....and I'm glad I did!Despite a pronounced lunchtime crowd, the line to order moved quickly enough that I barely had enough time to check out the menu. Went for the safe bet of a double cheeseburger combo and then added the 2 for $2 chili coney dogs on as a shameful impulse purchase, haha. The staff members taking and then serving my order were friendly and courteous despite the frantic pace of the lunch rush. I typically eat pretty light dying the week, especially at lunch, so this glutonous meal was a major departure that'll require some extra time in the gym to work off, but so worth it. Coneys were quite good despite being the 'special' and even though I couldn't finish them, they were so cheap it didn't matter, lol, fries were outstanding and perfect doneness, but the real treat was the burger. Large, loaded with "everything", dripping with melted cheese, and what a flavor. Easily one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Will definitely return!
4	In Phoenix for a couple of says and I love checking out the local restaurants. Stumbled across Lenny's, small burger joint, very good! Very fast, as you order at the counter and pick your food up when they call your number.  I ordered a chicken sandwich and chili cheese fries.  Both were very good and reasonably priced. The chili cheese fries were exactly what I grew up eating, chili with beans and melted cheese smothering the fries! Mmm mouth watering deliciousness in those fries!  Chicken sandwich has a great taste, perhaps the chicken was seasoned making it taste better.  The sandwich was a little messy to eat, but that's what makes the food so good.  You won't waste a bite.  Great job Lenny!
1	I will never go to this place again. I ordered my food and the employee at the register tells me the burger will come with american cheese. She then asked me if that was ok. I asked what other types they have and I selected on pepper jack. After I left the restaurant, I noticed she had charged me extra for the substituted cheese. How classless can this place be to ask me if I want a substitute and then not even disclose that it cost me more. Had the employee disclosed it to me, I would not have substituted. I hate when a greasy spoon restaurant nickel and dime their customers like this.
4	Excellent burger hot right off the grill! I got a double burger with cheese and upgraded to the large fries and xl drink. I got a huge burger and more fries than I could eat and it cost less than nine bucks. Atmosphere is retro and lively.
5	Love this Happy Days themed restaurant.  Lots of cool pics on the wall of famous people that have eaten there.  I work nearby so I place orders via their website.  15 minutes later it's ready for pickup.
4	The Burgers are Amazing! The Chicken Sandwich is pretty good! I recommend that you stop in and if you want something really SouthWest Style, get the Mexican burger!  You can thank me later! Excellent Service!!!
4	Great customer service.  Delivery was quick and very polite.  The shakes were delish but the burgers were not my favorite.  That is not to say they were bad, they just weren't my favorite.
4	I'm not a huge burger person but I love the fries (even as greasy as they always are) but I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Onion Rings. They aren't overly battered and they are perfectly crispy and always just a little sweet. AMAZING!My guy loves the burgers here, so whenever we get a chance we stop here.My obsession with the onion rings is perfectly normal and rational, I'm not strange at all. :P
4	Very, very, very good burger. The burger wasn't "heavy" on the stomach at all. The sweet potato fries were good but the chocolate shake was only average though.It was super crowed but my food only took about 5 or 6 minutes. The ambience has a throwback 50's feel to it.If I'm in downtown Phoenix I'll certainly look these guys up. It has the taste of a burger that's made by your uncle that's the best grill master in the family!
4	I'm not sure how I've managed to live this long without trying Lenny's!   I was running errands today and happened to drive by at the same time I realized how famished I was.  So, I took a chance on s single with 1000 Island , cheese and all the fixins (but onion).  Of course, I had to have fries and a chocolate shake with it.  Go big or go home, right!?!?The burger was just delicious, high quality beef perfectly cooked with delicious , fresh veggies and a soft sesame seed bun.    I only have 2 or 3 burgers a year so I try to make them count....this did not disappoint!  The shake was deliciously creamy, true flavored, and just thick enough.  It was perfect for dipping my fries.  Don't judge until you're tried it :)The fries were OK but I will be ordering onion rings next time...I think my tastes have changed in terms of sides, I just don't seem to appreciate fries as much anymore.The restaurant is cute; it's reminiscent of a 50's malt shop.  This really makes the meal more enjoyable!  I was really pleasantly surprised and highly  recommend Lenny's for a relaxed, unfussy, tasty burger.P.S.  I went to Lenny's  again  today for a total of TWO times this week.  I called my order in for pickup and tried the onion rings this time.  They were really delicious ...light and not at all greasy!  The batter was not salty and clung nicely to the sweet, tender onions.  When I got there, I was told that my shake would be no charge as I had spilled part of  my shake from the last visit.  I was really impressed by that gesture and wanted to amend this review to let folks know what kinds of people are managing Lenny's!
2	Came here after a doctors appointment at St. Joes. We came around 11ish. Just a few peeps in the restaurant. The atmosphere was great, LOTS of decor but I was really in awe of the menu. Looked great! Prices were decent. I was told to get the Cowboy burger because it was "really" good, eh, I've had better. It literally crumbled in my hands, maybe too much sauce? I don't know but with the use of a napkin, LOTS of them, I was able to eat it, come on, I was hungry. I do have to say the the french fries SUCK. Seriously. Don't give me half cooked fries. They weren't even crispy. It was gross to be honest with you and reading other reviews, looks like I'm not the only one who thinks they should work on their french fries.The ONLY reason why I won't come back here is because we came in early, I witnessed them cooking a ton of burgers and putting them in a dish - waiting for the "lunch crowd" to come in. That isn't fresh LENNY! How long are those cooked burgers going to sit there? Kinda not my thing.
4	It's a good, honest burger.  I don't have much beyond that.  The place has a very un-corporate atmosphere.  Not retro for the sake of fooling you into thinking it's retro.  Just classic, all on its own.
5	Great place for awesome burger and fries.  Don't forget to order your dipping sauces for the fries.
5	If you're near Central & Thomas you MUST try this place!  I'm in love with their menu.  They have everything from burgers to delicious hot dogs.  You can even get burritos in the morning. Yes... So good.Service is always fast and quality if food is always up to par.  I'm loving the Mexican burger!  It had green chile and grilled onions... Man I'm hungry just writing about it.  Try everything!!!! Won't disappoint. ;)
5	First time here. Did not disappoint. Great burger. Too often burger joints disappoint. My #1 combo lived up to the yelp reviews. Very good fries. Friendly, fast service. Came at 1230, long line, had my food at the table within about 10 minutes of walking in. Don't let the lunch line scare you away. It almost sent me elsewhere. I would've missed out.
5	There cowboy burger is the best onion ring/ bacon burger you will ever taste!! It's a very unique place and good smoothies!
4	Great food fun place. Paid $14.00 for lunch for  people, and I was full
2	Lenny's does a great job paying homage to the classic 1950's American diner. Lenny's is an old-fashioned burger joint complete with countertop bar and the classic red booths and seating. I am giving Lenny's a 2/5 stars because I have tried several of their locations and I have been underwhelmed each time. I think there are several better burger joints nearby in town that have a competitive price and better quality.In my experiences here the service has been fairly slow for the level of quality that is delivered... The atmosphere is class and should never change but I think it's time Lenny's reconsiders their ingredients and recipe.
2	As an overdue pregnant lady with a random craving for cheeseburgers every now and then, there is rarely a burger that I'm unhappy with. I found it today. This burger was down right gross. Mushy and tasted like dog food is the closest I can describe it but even that doesn't cut it. I can't get the nasty taste out of my mouth even hours later. I wish we went to McDonalds or drove all the way to In and Out instead. The fries and onion rings were good though. I can't understand the raving reviews for this place.
2	This Lenny's is VERY small when they don't have the extra side open. The three of us had to sit at the counter, which really prevents any conversation from happening... The service was quick and friendly. Burgers are OK. I got the grilled cheese this time, and it was good. I really like the fries, but they give you way too many. Think I'll share one with my hubby next time and save a few bucks. They do have styrofoam cups which is nice in the heat, and the decor inside is 50's diner cutesy. Overall, I wouldn't go back. There's just better, cheaper places out there for a basic burger.
1	Dropped off my nephew at Grand Canyon university and had to stop by after pumping at Costco. Only burger joint in the area so we thought we would give it a try. I come from Los Angeles and this was the worst burger place I have been too. I ordered chicken burger and my friend ordered the cheeseburger. No flavor was very un satisfying just by appearance but we were hungry. Reading these other reviews, is surprising, how good people brag about this place.
5	I have to stay away from this place or I will end up so fat I will have to drive a scooter. Awesome burgers and shakes and fast lunch service. Can't say enough good things.
5	I had the cowboy burger and it was AMAZING, and with an unbeatable price! The meat was also perfectly seasoned, so I probably would have been happy with just the simple hamburger. :DSince I was in Phoenix for a conference and hadn't eaten vegetables for a couple of days, I decided to get the "fresh garden salad". Don't do it! It's basically pre-packaged shredded lettuce with a few slices of cucumbers and tomatoes. Could have spent those four bucks on another burger. );The decor was super cute, and they were playing old songs like For the Longest Time and Take On Me!
5	I love LOCAL..and that's the reason I went to check this place out. Charming diner... Staff was friendly and welcoming. The food was very filling and left stuffed! Yummy fries too! Check this burger joint out.. They have other locations too.
4	This place does not try to reinvent the Burger & Fry Diner or do anything new and exciting but they do a good job sticking to the classics.  I went for a late lunch on a Thursday so it was slow when I was there.  I loved the 50's diner look of the place.  Everything from the tile to the art to the booths was very nostalgic (says the 25-year-old).  I ordered the cowboy burger and onions rings with an Oreo cheesecake shake.  I sat a the booth where I could watch my burger get set on grill and my onion rings dropped in the oil.  Made to order is no joke there.The food was very good.  The burger wasn't anything fancy or new but it was a good, and fresh.  The onion rings were straight-up dope.  I highly recommend the fry sauce to go with fries or onion rings.  It has just the right amount of kick.  the shake was insanely good.If I'm downtown and looking for a burger again, this is definitely where I'll be going.
5	Been meaning to come here for a while, but never could resist the Philly shop nearby. Well, was downtown tonight and the Philly shop is closed. Finally had my first Lenny's experience....and boy was it good!The burger was very flavorful and juicy. Not fancy or over thought...just a good burger.
4	We were attending Glendale Glitters to celebrate Christmas and we were looking for a place to eat. Lenny's Burger Shop was perfect! A classic mom-and-pop, non-chain restaurant. The place was busy but the service was still friendly and pleasant. As for the burgers - grilled and delicious. The patty filled the entire bun. We knew they were delicious the moment we bit into them. The fries were homemade as well - not something from the freezer. Full burger meal was $7.25.
5	Awesome burger and atmosphere. The service was super quick and the people were great. The sauces are amazing. Can't wait to go back!
5	Being from California I certainly miss these old hamburger restaurants. Also being vegetarian doesn't help things either. Lenny's fills that void perfectly. They have one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. Prepared in the old fashioned style that I've become used to. Big white bun, shredded iceberg lettuce and tons of thousand Island dressing. The fries are amazing too. This place is a gem. Not all vegetarian food is bad!
5	We see Lenny's all the time on Central and finally made it a point to go in. Sorry we waited so long to eat here. It is the best burger we have had in a very long time. I was adventurous and had the Cowboy burger. FANTASTIC! Cheese, BBQ sauce, bacon on a true all beef burger. No wimpy size or microwave burger.  Fresh and delicious.  Best part of the visit was the owner and his team. Everyone that came in was greeted and made to feel like family. Don't wait, go to Lenny's!
4	The space is amazing with its open store front. high ceilings and decor (mostly shipped in from Ireland!) Check out the amazing bar in the Greene Room! The staff is a dream...especially the hottie bartender Mark from Cork, Ireland!!! Great food, great music, plenty of TVs and fun crowd. I highly recommend the everything crusted tuna and any of the pizzas. The burgers are great too. A must see and because of the friendly staff, easily a place that can become a regular hangout!
1	Went in for a couple of burgers combos at the Glendale location and was very disappointed with size of the burger they are now serving. It use to be one of the valleys biggest burgers. That was what made it great. Now it feels like you are getting a burger the size of a big mac. I dont mind paying a little more, but dont cut the size of the burger! No more Lenny runs for us. The Burger Shop still has the big burger. Sorry Lennys!  Big mistake. You lost 2 good customers and will not recommend to anybody any more once i share my coment on Facebook. Good luck to you.
5	If you need something quick for lunch, walk on over to Lenny's! They have the best cheese fries and Mexican burgers in downtown Phoenix. They might be busy during the lunch rush but they are the most friendliest workers you've met. They will take your order and call your name when it's ready and they always make sure you're sattisfied with your meal. Been coming here for years and they always do such a great job, they make me come back for more. :)
