5	Great little barber shop, I've been to the flashy flat screen on every chair type of place but found I keep coming back to Beasley's. The  classic barber shop chairs and straight razor shaves remind you of what a barber shop should be.
5	Just got back from Beasley's Barber Shop.  What a cool, old-school Barber Shop.  When I got there there wasn't a wait.  Jumped in the chair and got a great haircut quickly.  Friendly chat from the three barbers.  Felt like it could have been a modern episode of Andy Griffith.  Beasley's doesn't take appointments, so if there is a wait you draw a playing card from a shoe.  High card goes 1st.   LOL
5	I'm from out of town (SLC, UT) and went to Beasley's over the Thanksgiving Holiday, so I'd be ready for family pictures. I opted for a full shave of the head and asked my barber to trim the neckline and cheekline of my beard. He used an old school straight razor and did an AMAZING job! On top of that, I got stories of his childhood from when his father was a barber to legitimate cowboys! It was my first straight razor shave, but now that I'm back in Utah, I'm looking for a barber who does them near me! I would highly recommend this shop to anyone wanting a more "old school" experience.
5	I don't go to the barber often.Infact I havent been to a barber since I was 7, but I came here today with my brothers and these guys are Awesome, very friendly environment. Laid back and chilled out. Has a cowboy feel to it. They also do straight razor shaves. My brother got one and it looked great. It was a pretty far drive,but I don't care,this place is worth it. Will definitely come back.
5	Came out here from LA for a sporting event and checked around for last minute cut. These guys are old school,, artisans of the hair. Clippers, straight edge, scissors. Not cut by the numbers. Good, fast and cheap, yup you can have all three.
5	Just moved in town and saw the high marks... checked them out today and got my flat top back! Great shop!
5	I am extremely serious about my hair and beard. I only go to a barber after researching several in a given area and reading yelp and google reviews. I found Beasley's after researching this old school barber shop. Two old dudes work here, the eldest having cut hair for forty years. For me, that equals someone who knows their trade and has earned mastery over their skills. I wear a taper/fade with side part and have several small requirements and details that are sometimes looked over by a lesser barber. The gentleman who cut my hair and also owns the place spoke with me at great length prior to me even having taken a seat. We reviewed pictures I brought in and he asked questions and listened when I instructed him as to this 30s revivalist style I've got going on up top. I'm growing my beard out but like it looking clean. He gave me a beard trim I had never thought about and now I'm going to always keep this style. An important component to a successful trip to the barber is for me to feel listened to and have dialogue with the person servicing me. Hey, it's my hair and I want to look good! This gentleman is exactly what I look for in a professional barber. Plus, the atmosphere is true old school barber shop with chairs from the turn of the century and the smells of a by-gone age. He even styled my hair using, of all things, castor oil pomade. Never seen that before but like it a bunch. He even told me how to style my handlebar mustache using wax. This will now be the ONLY place I frequent for my hirsute needs.
1	I figured since the reviews were good that I would be happy. Quite the opposite. Is a simple high fade to much to ask? I guess so, since now I have to shave my head. I guess a high fade means a high and tight jar head style. I wanted to stay inside military regs is what I said. Well, the top is varying in length anywhere from 2 inches to .5 an inch. On top of it all they charge an extra 2 dollars to straight razor you....hmm I'm pretty sure everywhere else that's included. A waste of $18  How hard is it to find a decent barber in this town?!
