1	I have a home warranty...they use this company.  I called to have two toilets fixed.  He actually claimed he fixed them.  i had to call the warranty company the next day to send out a new company to fix the stuff they claimed to have remedied.  Dude actually made both toilets worse.  Don't use.
5	We have a water filtering system that went from leaking a few drips a day to filling a gallon bucket in 4 hours.  Our property manager contacted Collins Comfort.  Within 2 hours we were scheduled.  Enroute to the job Cameron, their Master Plumber, called to report he was minutes away.  Upon arrival Cameron quickly assessed the problem, calling the supplier for a replacement housing.  He had to travel to Gilbert to pick up the part.  On the way back, he once again called, introduced himself professionally and announced his arrival within 10 minutes.  Unfortunately, the replacement part he was given by the supplier was defective.  At this point it was well after 500 pm and over 110 degrees in our garage.  Not once did Cameron complain or demonstrate frustration.  He contacted the supplier again, returned to Gilbert (from North Mesa!) and came back to successfully replace the part.  The job was not completed until 6:30 and not once did Cameron verbally or non-verbally articulate complaint.  He was kind, patient and professional the ENTIRE step of the way.  Based on Cameron, I would definitely call upon this Collins Comfort location for any future plumbing assistance.
1	When it comes to their air conditioning id look somewhere else. I had someone come and check out my unit and paid $72 for the visit which was fine. He told us we needed and new indoor TXV valve and wrote up the cost that he said the part not under warranty would be $797 plus tax and well as up to $650 for coolant plus tax. This was insane to me, so i had someone else come and check it out for me. After they looked up the brand of my unit and told them the part that i needed he came back and told me the price of the part was only $29. So they were charging $800 for a part that was $29. Quite the mark up if you ask me. Now instead of paying up to $1400 for a $29 part i am only paying $110 and that includes the part, coolant and the service. Wouldn't go back to Collins ever, Heard that same problem of crazy prices a couple times as well.
