3	This place is weird. It's not that i didn't enjoy my stay there just fine. It's just that it's.... well... weird.  The photos on the website showed cute red and white rooms with pictures of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn. The price great at about $80 a nite. Well... i'll post my own pics.It's located on Rue St-Denis at the corner of Blvd. Rene-Levesque E. across from Hopital St-Luc. First warning, the hospital is (forever) under construction and traffic and parking can be tricky. We called the hotel to ask where we could park and they had two short term spots in front of the hotel while you were checking in, then they instructed us on a couple lots (too expensive!) so we opted for the street parking. FYI : street parking in Montreal is not the easiest! I totally took the Green P lots in Toronto for granted, until I came to Montreal. Parking in Montreal is a total crapshoot. We lucked out and found something up the street. We got the key to our room 301. There is free wifi too, and the front desk lady gave us the code to log in. Up the stairs (no elevator here!) to the third floor, everything was decorated really eclectically. I liked it :) We opened the door to our room... um.... this is....interesting. It was clean and had all the amenities. But it was very dark. Our room had random wood pieces everywhere, blue and mustard walls, and oddly placed lighting. The bed and 'couch' where covered with zebra print blankets. There was a little kitchen area too, but we never found a light switch that worked in there. Ropes hanging from the ceiling to the floor added to the strangeness. The bathroom was extra odd. A step up after the doorway, but the tub was sunken, so you had to actually step down IN to the shower. The edge of the tub was flush with the floor, it kind of felt like a was standing in a gutter when i had my shower. Plus it was really dark in there.Our room had a back deck area that was HUUUGE! But totally empty, so i'm not sure what you would do out there. It was at the back of the hotel in a sketch alley. We didn't really want the creepy eyes looking at us from their windows, so we stayed inside. They told us that a small breakfast was included so we went down to the lobby in the morning.  It was cute. Coffee, tea, juice, two pices of bread and a croissant. It was more like a carb snack to hold us over until we went for real breakfast somewhere else. Hotel Celebrities is fine for it's price point. It's definitely eclectic!
3	Cheri's review basically says the gist. The place is a bit weird. The receptionists are a bit moody, and eventually get nicer. The rooms are much smaller than on the picture, and have none of the Hepburn portraits. (Not that they would be necessary, but it was misleading). The room is a bit dark and the AC very loud. The bathroom is tiny, but nice -- exposed brick wall and wood. Unpleasant fluorescent light. Drawback: no night lamp. The curtains are thin, so you get awaken a bit too early. Breakfast is 5$ (although advertised as free).
1	Update and bad news: BEDBUGS! I was all bitten after coming home. Called them and they were very unapologetic, saying "oh, there is bedbugs in all of Montreal!"
2	I recently stayed here and my stay was mostly uneventful. But the hotel is cheap.... Rightfully so.The hotel has no elevators so make sure you can lug your luggage up the stairs. There are several reports of bed bugs that were reported to the front desk that they didn't care about. I didn't see any bed bugs or bug bites.  Parking is a royal bitch... Apparently there is a hidden parking lot somewhere where you pay a guy some money for a parking spot... I read reviews that cars were broken into in that lot so I just ended up parking in front for free during posted hours.  (Free hours were mostly evening and early mornings.)  I forget what the hours in which you didn't have to pay the meter but I basically scheduled my day around being gone at those hours so I didn't ever have to park in a shady lot that couldn't guarantee my car's safety.
3	Perfect location, cheap for what you get, parking is nearly impossible to find! The room we got was very, very strange. The overall design of the hotel is pretty cool. But I think we got one of the strangest rooms. There were ropes hanging from the ceilings, and a massive porch on the back. The porch was very nice to have, but it was attached to another building where people could easily hop over our little divided and break in. The doors were very hard to lock. Overall, I definitely did not feel safe. Didn't sleep the whole night. If you're looking for a good location for a good price then give it a try! But plan out your parking situation first...and you can't be paranoid. Definitely an interesting place! Perfect for couples or college students who will be out most of the time. But if you can afford to stay elsewhere....spend the extra money.
2	Sooo, after having looked at all these cute pictures online, I was very disappointed when we were led to a tiny, dark, cramped room in the hotel dungeon.  More importantly, our window looked right out onto the parking lot, with no bars, making the whole room smell like MURDER.  When we requested a new room, we were told that the hotel was filled to capacity.  When we threatened to check out, the receptionist suddenly "remembered" that there was another room available.  Definitely sketchy.  We were then given a much nicer room on the third floor - very cute, no complaints.  All in all, just be warned:  the rooms vary widely in quality, and they might try to screw you over!
1	Of course we know that you get what you pay for, but I was also under the impression that if a hotel website offers amenities, that those amenities are actually provided at the hotel.  Not only was the description HIGHLY inaccurate about the actual stay we had at the celebrities hotel, but description or not, this is the worst, most disgusting room we've ever stayed in...and we often go for the cheapest most ridiculous rooms we can find, with no problems.To start, let me go through the amenities listed on the hotel website - Here's what the website lists, with the truth about what we experienced:24h room service - NO ROOM SERVICEHigh speed internet - VERY GOOD INTERNET (the was the only good thing about the room)Satellite TV - TV DIDN'T WORK (turned on but volume button broken off and sound quiet)CD/DVD player - NONEAir conditioning - HEATER BROKENDisabled facilities - DEFINITELY NONE (STEP TO GET IN AND NO ELEVATOR, NO RAMPS, NO DISABLED BATHROOMS)Laundry - NONE THAT WE SAWIron/ironing board - NONE THAT WE SAWSafe deposit box - NONE THAT WE SAWand from another page on their website:Hotel Parking - NONE - 5 LARGE BLOCKS AWAY THERE'S AN OVERNIGHT PARKING GARAGE Internet - Internet Access - AGAIN, GREAT INTERNET24 - 24 hour Reception - TRUEClose - Close to City Centre - TRUE, PRETTY GREAT LOCATIONBusiness - Business Center - NONE THAT WE SAWDisabled - Disabled Facilities - AGAIN, DEFINITELY NO HANDICAP OR DISABLED ACCESSConcierge - Concierge Services - NONE THAT WE SAWDirect - Direct Telephone - WE HAD A PHONE, NEVER TRIED TO USE ITHair - Hair dryer - NONE IN OUR ROOMTea/Coffee - Tea/Coffee making - BROKEN, MISSING COFFEERefrigerator - Refrigerator - NONEso now - we entered our room, and weren't surprised that there wasn't a separate 'bathroom' - we expected it to be more of a hostel feel.  There was a toilet surrounded by loosely hung curtains, and a shower with a broken off door and a curtain to cover the entry.  This part was fine with us.  There was also a bathroom across the hall, but there was never any soap at the sink the entire 5 days we were there.  Almost everything in the room was either filthy or broken or both.  The toilet was clogged and was not fixed for 24 hours after we got there.  the shower was the most god-awful thing I've ever experienced, fluctuating from way too hot to way too cold with nothing in between, but luckily it was broken such that the shower head only pointed straight down and trickled out, so it was easy enough to avoid the water.  The blinds were torn off and broken (although maintenance fixed that the second day).  The shower floor was black with dirt that did not look stained, but more like it hadn't seen a cleaning solution in decades.  The bed was the filthiest I've ever stayed in (and again, we're used to cheap hotels and hostels).  The small TV was broken, the coffee maker broken (and with no coffee), there was a mount to something that had broken off on a wall that had just stayed mounted.Half the staff was incredibly nice, the other half incredibly rude.  The parking was difficult and far away, but would have been fine had we been informed of this before hand.  As mentioned earlier, the good part is that this hotel was a great location to get from the old port to the Latin quarter to Chinatown, and the internet was very fast (a speed test put it at 5mbps).  Other than that, it was literally the worst stay in any hotel or hostel I or my husband have ever had (with that awful, dirty, literally painful shower really sealing the deal).  Stay at your own risk, and only if you really, really can't afford anywhere else.
4	This hotel is cheap. Don't pay more than $60 for a room here. That being said, for the price, this hotel is amazing. But it takes a particular kind of person to stay here. Firstly, don't stay here with someone unless you're at the stage in your relationship where it's okay to poop with the door open. There's nothing but a curtain separating the rest of the room from the toilet. Also, don't stay here if you're fussy about details. Details like, the cabinet for your coat being wobbly and unusable, or the room having none of the amenities listed on the website. Who needs a hairdryer? Not you, weary traveler. Also, don't stay here if you're embarrassed about whatever it is you'll be doing in bed-- I heard someone cough through the wall, so they certainly heard everything on my end. Even though we had a "bathroom" in our room, there's a bathroom in the hall with a shower, so we think this was once a hostel. It gives off hostel vibes.But there are some cool things about this hotel. It's close to all of the things you probably came to Montreal to see. The wifi is pretty good, and the sheets are freaking soft. The breakfast consists of a bagel, four slices of toast and a little bowl of cut up fruit. But it's adorably arranged, and a cheerful man says "Voila!" when he hands it to you. You're on vacation, right? Experience some new things. I had a realization about this hotel as I was leaving. They have the image of Audrey Hepburn from Breakfast at Tiffany's plastered everywhere. In the lobby, in the dining room, along the wall near the public space. I get it-- Audrey Hepburn is kind of a symbol for poise and class. But why Breakfast at Tiffany's? Why not Roman Holiday or Sabrina? If you've watched Breakfast at Tiffany's or read the short story, you'll remember that Holly Golightly isn't really wealthy-- she fakes it. She (accidentally) works for the mafia. She shoplifts. She lies to people. She leaves the country to escape a criminal investigation. She's also an emotional wreck, covering up a checkered and unhappy past. This hotel is kind of like that. There's this image of wanting to be super classy, to the point that it feels forced. And in reality, everything is odd-jobbed and taped together. Remember when Holly Golightly gets a crackerjack ring engraved at Tiffany's? That's this hotel in a nutshell. Don't be a snob-- save some money and spend it out in the city doing whatever it is you came here to do.
1	One of the worst places I have EVER stayed. The hotel sits in a drug-dealing area of Montreal, and right between TWO construction sites. The shower was broken. The sink was blocked. I woke up itching all over (bed bugs?) --- and to cap it all off the manager/front desk guy deliberately over-charged me: I paid a Deposit on line; and then he charged me it a second time on my credit card. Euggh! Be aware that their webpage says "Prices include all taxes and surcharges" because I was also charged those twice. Don't be fooled by photo-shopped pictures: this place is a DUMP, the rooms are dark and the whole place intolerably noisy.
1	This place is nasty, never stay in room 102, it's the "tourist room." This place you had to share a bathroom. The people next door were screwing, from what I found out it the boom boom room in Montreal. The stuck us in this room because they said the hotel was over booked. I booked this room through priceline, the pushed me off to Torrico Holidays which does Canadian booking. They called the front desk to refund me my money, the receptionist refused to answer the phone. I ended up having to hand my phone over to him. He lied to the booking agent and said our TV was working properly. I refused to stay in this room. It was safer to sleep in my car. If you looked at the mattress you could see bed bugs. I talked to people throughout my trip, native Montrealers and they told me that place is known for bed bugs. I reported them to the Ministry of Tourism. Please, please, do not stay here. There are so many better options in Montreal. This isn't even considered a hotel room, its a hostel at best.
1	OMG please do not stay here if you dont have too. My friends and i went to montreal for a Spanish festival and she booked the hotel. Being in the hotel industry in the past I have high expectations. This place was a huge dump. I was scared I was going to catch something for sure!! The bed was low to the ground, the place was dirty and the decore was so wrong on so many levels. There was a chandalere hanging in the center of the room so low you could hit it when you sat up on the bed. The celing was covered with droopy white sheets with brown huge stains. I was so happy we were only staying there for one night!! The room key was an actual key with a huge piece of wood attached to it. No so convient as it wouldnt fit into anyones pocket.. all in all a HUGE disastor and I do not recommend this nasty place to anyone!!
