5	Kudos to the Tempe Library staff for being so amazing during the loooonnngggg early voting procedure, which took up their entire first floor on Friday, when I went.So, ok, waiting in line for vote for 8 hours sucks. However, at least I was able to do it at this library, which I had never before visited. The place is filled with comfy chairs and great new books! I was able to actually skim through an entire newly-released nonfiction book I've been eyeing at the bookstore while I waited to vote.Not only that, but the "connections cafe" serves up coffee drinks, sandwiches, soup and snacks. They stayed open late for the voters, which was nice. And it was explained to me that it's a nonprofit cafe, which the money going to help fund children's literacy projects. Awesome, again!Finally, the librarians were so nice about hundreds of loud, impatient voters camping out. Not once were we told to "shush" and one of them even passed out Halloween candy for us!Some of them had to stay really late (I left at 10:30 p.m. and they were still there).Overall, I just think it's cool the library hosted the polling. It was much better to be there than to be stuck at the Mesa city center, standing in line in the heat with nothing to read.If I lived in Tempe, I'd definitely get myself a library card and come back to this place time and time again.
5	Beyond the nostalgia, I just really love this place. I've been with this library since I was in kindergarten - they were in another building then. It's grown into a brilliant place to find the books you need, or to get work done in one of the private rooms.
5	This review is for the Culture Pass available to residents through any Phoenix area library.  At every library each morning a certain number of passes to the most popular attractions such as museums, the zoo, the botanical garden, and Taliesin West are available to be "checked out" - four passes per library card - no limit per family, one week to use them.  I believe each card holder can check out two passes per month.  This is a great way to show yourself or out of town guests all around the city for FREE.  I asked my sister who is not a big work-the-system person and in the middle of moving her life to Germany to get passes for us, and she scored the biggest ticket item - Taliesin.  What a wonderful and informative time we had.  More cities should offer this for serious people who are willing to work a little for their culture.
5	This is a really good library. I average two books per week, mainly autobiographies. The selection is enormous and the library is always clean and organized. You can renew and reserve online. I enjoy coming here. Staff members are informative and helpful.
5	I'm a library-going type of woman. You know what I like about this library? I can go into the cafe, pay 1.68$ for a cup of jasmine tea, grab a table by the window, (or out on the cafe's patio) plug-in my laptop, and write/read/research away.  And what an upbeat cafe crew! And what an easy self check-out system!   You know, sometimes in our search for the perfect "free wifi" cafe, we forget about good old libraries. I like to mix it up, but lately I find myself back at the library more and more. Plus they have that certain something going for them---books.
5	This library is pretty cool, there are always plenty of places to sit, they have friendly employees, a cafe and free wifi. And I love that. My only complaint is the hours there. they close earlier now and open later.
5	Very friendly staff, great collection of books, and I totally dig the cafe and the culture passes that let upto four people enter select museums for free. It's a really cool place to spend an afternoon. Just sit back in one of the cushioned armchairs, bury your nose in your favorite book, and forget about the world. The library has study rooms, free WiFi, and computers for public use. The Friends of the Library (they're in a room right next to the entrance) has an incredible sale...paperbacks and children's books for $1 and less!
4	This library seems to be on top of it. As I have seen so far they tend to be very up to date in regards to getting new titles into the library. The library for the most part is clean an quiet. There are public use computers, coffee shop, and an area downstairs for the young ones. The reasons I don't give this place a full five stars is this - while most of the employees are nice, cordial, and indeed go out of their way to make your experience pleasant, there are a couple I can only guess they either hired from the DMV or Mc Donald's... Over-all great experience. Overall good environment and customer service. Overall four stars.
5	What's not to love about Tempe Public Library?  It's not huge, but they have a book store inside and it's so cheap.  You can grab a hard-cover book that's in PRISTINE shape for, literally, 50 cents.  How fucking awesome is that?  Really, really fucking awesome!Their selection of movies is always really great.  From this place, I have rented some amazing stuff:  The 7th Seal, The Thin Blue Line, Overlord.  I saw A Taste of Cherry here, which sucked, but I shall not fault the library because the movie SOUNDED really amazing, but it ended up being a long-ass movie about a guy driving around.  Talking.
4	It's full of books.  Not sure you can review a library. Shhhhhh
5	Free books, free movies, free newspapers, free magazines, free drinking fountain... this place is great! Sure there's a couple people who aren't quite "homeowners", but they still have helpful staff, a clean building, and plenty-o-inventory. Five big ones!
5	I've been going to this library since I was 10 years old.  They have expanded and modernized it so much since then!  There is nothing to not like about this library.  I remember as a kid I pretty much read out the entire science fiction section, lol.  I love the setup of it now.
5	Tempe Public Library is the library of my past, my present, and my future.  When I was knee-high, my mom would take me to the library to check out books every week.  I enjoyed browsing through the aisles and flipping through the pages of bright illustrations and short but charming stories.  It was here that I developed my love for reading.  As I got older and progressed to junior high school and high school, this was the library for research papers, or to read various classics and modern novels.  This library was the site of the annual high school art show, where some of my drawings and paintings were shown.  Over the years the library has changed in appearance and in some cases, content, as the DVD section grows and a large portion of the library is now devoted to computers, but it still holds many memories that I will cherish, and will continue to build upon.  Although I've traveled to many places, lived in various cities, this will always be #1 in my list of best libraries.  : )
5	I love the library and I love books. Whether I'm looking for cookbooks, how-tos or a good novel, I go to the library. A couple of years ago, for a short while, we had no satellite, cable or internet and I found great DVDs to check-out. We watched all the Chef Ramsey TV shows and I found a fascinating and short-lived drama about WWII. I once borrowed a work-out video so I could learn country line-dancing. Now that was a work-out!
3	A neat space. The computer facilities are top-notch and have secure access to anything you might want to read or watch on the internet. The book selection seemed fine in the Fantasy and Science Fiction sections, and of course the "bargain bin" always makes bookworms lick their lips in anticipation. The library lacks architecturally. Phoenix Public Library has much more interesting things for kids to bound upon when they eventually get bored of what the library offers.
5	Some people love going to the coffee shop to relax (i.e. the mob at Starbucks).I love going to Tempe Public Library to rewind.It is bright, clean, and reasonably quiet. It has amazing book/magazine collections, lots of family-friendly programs, and helpful staff members.The Connections Cafe inside serves really good scones. There is a $5 minimum for credit cards I think.Although there was at one point in 2013 some technical problem with renewing books online and as a result I was wrongfully charged late fees for a couple times, I think for the most part Tempe Public Library a true blessing to the community here and offers wonderful resources.
4	Looks are deceiving, it doesn't look nearly as enormous on the outside as it should.Forget about the fact that the upper floors are for city government business and you still have a children's section that dwarfs some "satellite" library branches. Over time the library has under gone changes, but that hasn't kept them from having some hidden treasures tucked away in one of the many shelves. I can still remember the time I found the Official 3rd Rock From the Sun book!It can be a little overwhelming to just browse here so I try to come with a mission. Thankfully the one time I couldn't find the book I wanted i found the eBook version.
5	You couldn't keep me away from the Tempe Library!
3	I visited the Tempe Public Library for exam proctoring services, so I can't speak to anything other than that. Getting a library card was quick and painless, the employees were all nice, and the proctoring conditions were good: fairly quiet (for a library), off in a corner of the library, and fairly decent computers (for a library). What wasn't so good was the caliber of the proctor -- my school's testing authority makes it very easy to understand and get exam materials, and no amount of online video tutorials and personal hand-holding by the proctoring authority staff could make 1 + 1 = 2.  I've had proctors across the country and NEVER had to deal with that side of it -- it's that easy, you can pick it up on your own. Even my new proctor (I HAD to get a replacement) had absolutely no trouble...worked like a charm. So, no problem with the library but don't do exam proctoring here.
4	In this area of the Phoenix suburbs I have been to four city branch libraries--downtown Chandler, both Mesa libraries and the Tempe library. While my favorite has to be the Chandler library which I visited weekly for several months when I was here helping my mother out in 2007, I would say the Tempe library is a close second favorite. It has a really nice welcoming atmosphere as soon as you walk in. There is a dais as you enter were there are usually one or two employees waiting to answer any questions you might have, which is very handy and helpful.  They have a pretty decent selection of audio books for being a one branch library.  The upstairs seems to be mainly adult items and if you go down the stairs you'll find the teen section, middle school section, Elementary and preschool sections, also a conference room on the downstairs level.  I couldn't figure out where the elevator was but they do have an elevator if the stairs are a problem. There are several computers where you can check books out and catalog computers where you can look up books are stationed throughout the library.  Off to the back right as you walk in there is a little lunch counter with coffee, drinks, sandwiches, desserts, pastries, etc.  I tried a red velvet cupcake and it was very good.If you're in a hurry there is a drive thru book drop on one side of the building which I used several times.  Parking is more than plentiful and I always see lots of cars there and lots of people using the library-- always a good sign.I can't survive with out my audio books to listen to wherever I am and this library supplied me with probably close to 20 while I was in town (thanks to my daughter's library card).  I shall return next trip!
3	You don't have to actually live in Tempe to get a library card here, as long as you show your AZ license, you will be able to check-out books here.
5	It's nice library and is reasonably quiet. Facilities:WifiFree Technology ClassesFree Culinary Classes Enumerous Collection Free Passes to Museums, etc (Limit 2) had to be availed in a week.Collections of Magazines, Dvd's, BooksStudy RoomsCan access your account online and renew your checked in item again.Self Checkout is pretty cool. Dont have to wait in cues.Cafe.
4	I LOVE this building and Bryant !!! Whether you are interested in books, history or architecture this building is Classic. Its easy to walk to, there are a few wonderful restaurants in the area. Bryant Park is a wonderful retreat in the center of the city.
3	Unfortunately, I no longer feel like the library is a safe place to allow my children to browse unless I can see them. I don't even want my son to use the bathroom on the main level. I've actually had to leave the computing area and the seating area due to strange and inappropriate behavior from fellow patrons.  The library attracts a huge homeless population.
5	This is a great Library, worth going inside to see how big it is. If you go to the top there is a really pretty floor and you can see great views of AZ.
5	Good location, selection, personnel, atmosphere. Using various city libraries is a great convenience.
