5	Ohana has to be the most customer-oriented salon in the valley.  They work so hard to please their customers by being both supremely professional and unstuffy-comfortable.  They're all just so darned nice!  I was a customer there for over a year, getting both great cuts and color until recently when my schedule forced me to find something closer to home.  Every interaction I had with every member of their staff was always like dealing with a longtime friend who also happens to be highly trained.  Their profession clearly isn't a game to them.  They take everything very seriously - from the design of the salon portraying the stylish yet casual feeling they want, to the classes they take and competitions they enter (and win) to stay on top of their game, to the inspections they submit themselves to from Aveda that scrutinize everything from how the merchandise is displayed to how the towels smell.  Most importantly, they know how to give you great hair every single time you walk out of their salon.  I can't think of a single stylist there I wouldn't trust my hair to.  I know that no salon closer to me will be able to fully replace them, but if 5th Ave isn't too far for you, maybe you can take advantage!
5	I have been going to Ohana for about a year, but Mari has been cutting my hair ever since I moved to Arizona, which was in 2006.At Ohana, I've had my hair cut and styled (always by Mari!), as well as enjoyed their massage and waxing services, and I have to say, they've never done anything but a fabulous job for me. It's true that there are less expensive places you could go in Scottsdale for the same services, but it's also true that you get what you pay for, and I say Ohana is worth every penny. The place is clean, the atmosphere is fun and chic, and the service is attentive and consistent.The number one thing I appreciate about the staff at Ohana is that they listen to me. When I describe what I want and don't want, they take it into consideration, 100 percent. I'd recommend this salon to anyone -- and I have!
5	I have enjoyed at atmosphere and services of Ohana Salon for 2 years.  It is 'rare' to find someone with true expertise and knowledge of hair extensions.   Franco Hernandez is a treasure to both Ohana's and Scottsdale.  Other stylists may 'try' but Franco is an expert.  He's knows how best to work with your specific hair-type, is fast, fun, professional and best of all.....he's a perfectionist :).  I find the fees to be very reasonable.Ohana's truly cares about it's clients - loving, caring, fun atmosphere.
5	Donna is the best.  She is a great listener and does exactly what you are looking for.   There are times when you dont know and that is when Donna is at her best.  Let her be creative.  It is always fabulous.  I had the Barzilian Blow out.  How Great.  I love it and Donna too.
5	I had been recommended to this spa several times and finally got to use a Groupon for a Caribbean Therapy body treatment. Amazing! I only use Aveda products and thats what they have here. The Salon is beautiful and quirky. Anna did fabulous with my entire treatment and I can't wait to go back!
5	I received a gift book for this place and decided that it sounded like a good deal.  I have tried the facial, massage, manicure, and have had a cut and color.  Everytime everyone did an awesome job!  I keep going back for their facials I can't get enough of them!  She does a great job in talking with me about my skin and what options I can do.I never feel rushed and they all seem to know what they are doing.  Very professional staff.
4	I really liked the style of my haircut from Ohana Salon. I like my hair long with long layers and a little face layering, and I got a great cut from Erin but she did take off about 2 inches more than the 1 I wanted. I do wish I had the length back, but I know that at least the cut is right and it will grow back. Overall my experience at the salon was really nice. The interior is very nicely designed and feels like a great salon. They begin each appointment with a really nice scalp & neck massage, and while you're getting shampooed you also get an arm massage. I would warn people about the pressured sales approach you may get. I'm used to salons trying to push their products on me, but I felt more uncomfortable turning things down while in the chair at the beginning of my haircut. Aka so I ended up buying a $25 deep conditioning treatment that was just 5 minutes of sitting with stuff sprayed into my hair which not surprisingly did nothing at all (oops - be warned). Also I wouldn't recommend coming here just for a blow out. Normally blow outs at Aveda salons are fantastic, and this was my first bad one. I say it's bad because it didn't really have those normal gorgeous curves and bounce and it only lasted the day where normally they last a few. Next time I come for a cut I am going to see if I can cut out the blow out to save some money.
5	SO HAPPY! I've been on a quest to find someone who can cut Asian hair.  After 5 different haircuts with 5 different stylists, I finally found Ashley at Ohana through a LivingSocial Daily Deal!  Woohoo!The staff are a little aloof, but professional and polite. They offer you water when you arrive.  I do wish the salon had more style books or style magazines, but I think they want to make sure their stylists do a consultation with new clients. The salon is 100% commission based, no booth rental, so customer service from the stylist is essential.Ashley is a really good listener.  I was very specific about what I did NOT like, and the mistakes that were made by the last few stylists.  She took in all of the info and created a great cut. I think what really made the difference is that she was trained in Seattle, where there are tons of Asians, and tons of kids with the choppy layered "Scene" cut that I like.She also gave a great neck and shoulder massage and mini facial.  I go back for color in a few weeks!
5	I've been going to Ohana Salon for almost a year now, and i love it!  Erin is my stylist, and she is awesome!  I moved to Phoenix a while ago and was looking for a salon that used Aveda...I ended up finding a LivingSocial deal and tried Ohana out.  I've been hooked ever since!  Erin does great with color...I get complements ALL of the time!  I have long hair, and she cuts it really well...it grows out well.  I've had difficulty in the past finding a stylist who cuts layers and bangs so they still look good after a few weeks.   I'm extremely happy with Erin!   The staff at Ohana Salon is very professional and polite!  I always enjoy my time there and am scheduled to get a massage and facial with them in a month!  I would recommend them to everyone!
5	I have been going to Chandra for almost 8 years. Her hair cuts are amazing, she always makes me look like a rock star and I love it. The salon is great too. Beautiful and sweet women greet you. They also do a great job on my eye brows. Love this place
4	Great place, excellent service, would recommend nail service by Rita!
4	a Groupon turned me onto this cute Aveda salon, otherwise I would never had known about it. My stylist did a great job of haircut and color. My only complaint is that the owner(s) are most likely asking the stylists to up-sell, because I was told that I'd need a second cup of color for $15. In all of the years getting my hair done, there has always been color left in the bowl. I did notice that the amount of activator and color in the cup was mixed in a much smaller quantity. Everyone wants to make a little more money in the down economy,  I'm happy to pass it on to a hard working stylist.
5	Chandra is a doll and amazing at her job.  This salon is full service and perfect, plus AVEDA is probably the best thing you can put on your hair.  I've never been happier at any other salon.  Absolutely worth every penny
1	Horrible!!!!  I had an appointment for months for a cut and highlight and I called them  the day of the appointment to confirm because I never received a confirmation cell the day before.  The receptionist Jessica, was completely rude and said my hairstylist called in and she was just getting around to calling me ( the salon had already been open for 2 hours). She made no effort to try to squeeze me in or apologize but just said there was nothing she could do.  I have a 2 year old and a very busy schedule and can't just pop in to get my hair done.  I would think with as many salons as there are in Scottsdale that they would do their best to accomodate their current customers.  I will NEVER go back!!
5	I have been going to see Donna For 5 years now.  My hair is very thick and curly.  I have been trying to grow my hair and Donna has been so great helping me to  tame it.  Now I had her cut it off.  She laughed and did a great job.  I love that she listens and doesn't push me into anything.  I love that see is flex able with my schedule.  Thank you for helping me look my  best.
5	Since I have moved to AZ I havent been able to find a salon that I really like and want to stay at.  So I have been purchasing Groupons.  I had an appointment with Amanda  yesterday and I loved the whole experience.  The salon is clean, open and airy.  She started with a light mist based on my mood and a quick relaxation massage (like 2 minutes) - then a deep conditioning treatment and she massaged my hands while that was in my hair.  She took a lot of time to listen to what I wanted for my hair cut and really did listen.  She took what I said and then used her knowledge to tell me what would work.  I left there feeling great.  I would recommend the salon and Amanda!
5	Donna and her team are amazing.  Donna had done my hair in the past, and I decided to book her and her team for my bridal party hair for my wedding.  Donna did my hair, which not only looked amazing, but stayed in place the whole night.  Chandra did my airbrush makeup, which I had never tried (before my trial run) and it was truly incredible.  I had so many compliments, my makeup did not need any touching up, and it looked wonderful for my wedding photos.  My bridesmaids were all pleased with their hair, having never gone to the salon before.  I will be back for any special event, but also for regular cuts/colors.
5	I spent a wonderful hour here the other morning!  The salon is beautiful, full of sunlight and space.  The staff was friendly, and my stylist, Abby, was fantastic.  One of the best haircuts I've ever had, will recommend her to anyone!
2	I'm new to the area and was looking for a salon. I decided to try this salon after purchasing a groupon. I called and was booked to see Shane. I went in, armed with lots of pictures of what I wanted done:  a slight trim and a subtle ombre from light brown (natural color) to dark blond (what my hair was at the time). Shane assured me that he could do it. Five hours later, that's not what I got. Unfortunately my hair ended up as a really dark brown all over with weird blond highlights just in the back. Shane tried to fix it for me by adding in a few more highlights, but it just wasn't happening. I went in the next day for one of the owners to fix my hair (had to take the day off of work to go in again). She had to use a color removing treatment, which unfortunately destroyed my hair. I had a keratin straightening treatment done about 1.5 months prior, and the color removing treatment seemed to strip all of the keratin out of my hair. In the end, the color of my hair looked exactly like what I wanted. They were all really nice and helped me to get what I wanted in the end. Unfortunately, it was a lot of wasted time and destroyed the texture of my hair.
5	If you ate looking for an awesome person to do your hair, then Ashley is your girl!! She is so sweet, and takes her time on you. I'm so glad I found her!! I look forward to my hair appointments!!
3	I bought a Groupon for cut, all over color and style. The services I received were great, my stylist listened to what I wanted and delivered on my vision. The reason I am giving this experience 3 starts was due to the following two issues:The stylist had my color mixed in her bowl and just as she started to do my hair she informed me that if she ran out of color and needed to mix a second bowl I would have to pay an additional $15. I was shocked and felt cornered as at that point I could not say no nor change what I wanted for my hair. I would not have had an issue if this was clearly explained to my either on my Groupon or when we first started talking about my hair. The shirt I was wearing was ruined because my hair color bled through the robe. When I showed this to the stylist she spoke to her manager who just stated it should come out in the wash. I have not tried this yet but I double it will.
5	Chandra has been cutting my hair for well over 10 years now and every single time does an amazing job.  Love their new system that sends you a text reminder about your appointment.
5	WOW!!  I decided to get my hair done on vacation by a stylist named Ashley.  She is excellent~I will go back to her next time I'm in Arizona!!  Her knowledge and technique were amazing and I got an awesome hand a neck massage, too.  I left feeling relaxed with a beautiful color, cut, and Brazilian blow-out.  The salon is small, friendly, and clean...go!!
4	We went to Scottsdale on vacation from Canada, I got a groupon for Ohana for a cut, hair & scalp treatment, and style. Sarah was my stylist, she did a great job on my hair, she was very nice and talkative, which was great for me. I bought myself an Aveda lipstick, it was in the $14 bin, but I was charged $16 for it, that's the only "negative" experience I had here, I was on my way back to my hotel so I didn't bother going back to the salon to correct it.
4	This place was awesome. Only reason I am giving it a 4 is ambiance/decor...it's a busy salon, so a little noisy, waiting area could be a little more relaxing/comfortable. Otherwise my experience was excellent. I tried this place from a Groupon I had purchased. I go to another Aveda salon, but with schedule it can be difficult to get in to my regular stylist, so I like to have backups.  I went in for a haircut with Shane, and it was one of the best I have ever had. He really did an amazing job. I saw the posts below about upselling....I didn't experience any of that. He just explained (usually when asked) what product he was using, and the purpose of it. Their regular prices seem super reasonable. I love Aveda salons, they are my fav, and I will definitely return to this one! :)
3	It is not bad. I went to Ohana couple of times. I got facials done numerous times at other aveda spas.Compared to other aveda spas, here they do massage for really long time. Facial was ok. It was like not other aveda spa. Massage was awesome.
4	Received a Travelzoo offer for a facial with an eye treatment, as well as a hand and foot massage PLUS deep hair conditioning with a blowout and style.I loved Paris and the facial I received. It was very thorough and relaxing. I would recommend coming in and seeing Paris for sure! I also enjoyed meeting Ashley and the blowout and style that she gave me as part of the package. She was very friendly and did a very nice job.
5	My favorite place for a facial. I am very picky about who I have work on my face and the products that they use. I have tried just about every place in the valley for facials and will continue to only get themDone from now on at ohana.. Make sure you book with Paris, she is very knowledgable and will get your skin balances no matter what you are dealing with. And I love aveda products, they smell great and aren't loaded with a bunch of bad chemicals
5	I got a gel French manicure with Rita today. She was very personable and did a wonderful job on my nails, much better than I've had at other nail salons in Scottsdale. I will definitely be coming back again.
2	AIYAH. I HATE, literally HATE, to write this review, because Ashley has one of the best personalities ever, but my most recent hair cut is a disaster! It may be largely my fault because I've been away for a couple of years, but since she seemed to remember me really well, I made some assumptions about what she remembered about my hair. The end result is that I love this stylist as a person, but my hair does not love her quite as much.  Though it seemed okay when I left Ohana, after washing and styling on my own, I was left with a top layer that is not even on both sides (and I hate top layers altogether), and some uneven, fringy bangs that make my face look round and age me by about ten years. I was especially disappointed because I told her I like to curl it with a large barrel iron to get a nice wave and on lazy days, I like to put it in a ballerina/sock bun.  The bun will be out of the question for at least a month or two because of the way the top layer was cut, and the large barrel curls? It ends up looking like a bad soap opera from the 80s.  I know Ashley would be more than willing to fix the cut for free, but since I've spent the last 20 months growing out my bob, cutting more hair would be even more frustrating.So, I feel really sad that I might be on the hunt yet again for a Phoenix area stylist that can internally slide cut Asian hair. SIGH.
2	The salon as a whole is nice.  There have been a couple of issues but nothing that compelled me to write a review until recently.  My regular stylist was out of town so I booked with Abbey.  The color was okay but the cut and her behavior completely unacceptable!!!  She didn't trim my bangs.  She cut one layer in the middle of my head and when I questioned her about it she said "oh, I was evening it out"  BS!  Then she kept "slapping" my face with my own hair by flipping it with her hands from the back.  I asked her to stop and she continued anyway!!  BTW Abby there is a name for that behavior -assault.  Look it up.
4	I go here for numerous services including hair cuts and nails by Rita.  Everything has been great and the prices are very reasonable. I wish they brought the masseuse back however
5	I go see Abby for my cut and any color I do. She is amazing and I am always satisfied with her work. Highly recommend her and this salon.
5	I've been going to the owner Donna for 2 years now and I'm completely obsessed with not only her, but the salon in general. People tell me all the time that I must have a great stylist bc my color is so perfect. Donna got me soooo platinum once and my hair was still so healthy. The salon gives you free drinks like a glass of wine or a mocha frappacinno as well as hand massages. Everyone is super friendly and scheduling is way easy.
5	I have gone here for 10 years. Consistently well loved and taken care of through life changes, phases, and crazy times. Thank you Donna for what you do for me and for all.
5	I had my hair cut tonight by Joyce! I could go on and on about how great she is! She actually listened to what I was looking for and asked me throughout the cut if something was okay or how I wanted it. I will be calling her every time I need a cut! The front desk staff was very nice and explained everything very well! I am looking forward to my next experience with these lovely people!
5	I have been going to Ohana and getting my hair done by Katie Clark, the past 3 years. Since I moved to AZ. She is by far the best, most professional, and talented stylist I have ever had. I am constantly getting compliments on the cut and color of my hair. She does a great job listening to what I want and delivering, but at the same time suggesting new and trendy styles that fit me. I am always pleased with the results and recommend her to all my friends.
5	Katie Clark is the best stylist ever!!! Always love my hair when she is done! Great service, great hair! The salon is awesome as well! Great atmosphere!
5	I get my hair done by Katie Clark and love it every time!! I trust her to make suggestions and try new things. The salon has a great atmosphere and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
