2	we were staying in the Palms for the 2010 NHL awards. my best friend had a plan to get her favorite hockey player to tattoo her arm. first impressions: we were greeted right off the bat, with smiles. the shop is very clean, and visually appealing. the shop help girl told us the shop minimum ($100) which didnt seem too bad. we were expecting double that. after having her arm signed my best friend told the shop help the plan. she told us to come back in 30 minutes and they will take us. even after my friend asked if she wanted our name or anything, she declined and said "just come back in 30" after 45 minutes we came back and the shop help recognized us, and said "didnt i ask you guys to come back at 5:30?" uh, no. you said 30 minutes."oh, well the next artist is in in 30 minutes at 5:30 so you can wait or come back"um, ok. shop help left, without telling anyone what we were waiting for, who we were, what we wanted, nothing. she clocked out and left. nice.an hour later we were finally taken and the tattoo was good. it was just a really unprofessional experience.
1	What a joke. Indifferent and rude receptionists. Lazy artists. Go to a real tattoo shop and avoid this place. For drunk tourists only!!
1	Probably THE worst experience ever and I didn't even get the tat service was so poor.I came into the shop, there was maybe 5 people in there milling around looking through books, about 4 tattoo artists there, 1 receptionist and it took about 10 minutes for anyone to look up an ask us what tattoo we were interested in getting and when.  After about another 15 minutes of describing exactly what I wanted, the tattoo artist said "So that will be about $375, I can do a few mockups back and forth with you and you can come back in 5 days and we'll get it done....but you need to put down a $100 deposit"...I put down the deposit and waited FOUR days for the first sketch and that came to me at midnight on the fourth day.  It looked "vaguely" what I had described and shown pictures of and when I sent an email back describing what changes I'd like to get it more closely to what I wanted, nothing....no phone call, no return email, nothing....I called to ask for a credit on my $100 and the receptionist said, "umm, we don't do that, that money was for the deposit on the artists time to mock up the tattoo"....well that's nice....then blow off your customers and never actually DO the tattoo....I agree with some of the other reviews...the ONLY time you should go to this place is if you don't give a shit about the kind of tattoo you actually want and are too drunk to remember the poor service to being with...stay clear of this place and you'll save yourself both money and aggravation.
5	Dave and Uncle Johnny are THE artist's for locals. The place is clean, upscale and not at all lazy! Dave went out of his way for not just us, for our friends too. He spent his ONE day off drawing a VERY detailed tattoo for my hubbie and several of his friends. He let us know when he was done and what time to come by. We NEVER were brushed off..we were treated like locals should be treated. No touristy prices either! Uncle Johnny talked me into getting a horrible tattoo that was 22 years old covered up. I am so happy he did!! He drew it for me and let me say...It is amazing and I get compliments all the time and total strangers grabbing my leg to get a closer look!! I even let him work on my little sister the next time we went in..we ended up getting matching tattoos! We would never go anywhere else. IMO you can't just walk into a shop, have no idea what you want and expect to be treated like you are the only customer that exists..I can't tell you how nice the staff treated dumbass locals and tourists who waltzed in and expected to be worked on immediately and had no idea what they wanted and all the artists were right in the middle of working on someone!!! Go to Diversity if you want a don't care attitude and a TATTOO MILL!!
1	Let me start by saying that if I could give no stars, I would in a heartbeat! The receptionists are rude. The artists suck and are super lazy. Super overpriced. Overall a complete SHIT experience. It is NOT upscale as another reviewer has said. The artist TOTALLY fucked up on a really simple tattoo and then refused to try and fix it.  OH and I should mention this shop REQUIRES you to pay upfront, CAN WE SAY SHADY!?!?! I wouldn't even tell someone that I completely despise to come to this joke that's called a tattoo shop. Its a joke.
