4	Ditto to Patti's review below mine... I recently switched to this 'discount dry cleaners' and I'm saving tons of $$$!  It is great quality and I have not had any problems yet (knock on wood)!  Every item is just $1.99 unless you bring in a coupon that they send out every few weeks direct mail and then you can get it for $1.75 each - even better!  I've even given them items that say 'do not dry clean' by accident, and they've caught them and refunded my money.  Be prepared that you pay when you drop off, and you need to pay with cash or check to avoid any additional fees.
4	Great value.  The cost has gone up to a whopping $2.25 for dry cleaning items, but they do send out coupons for $1.95.  I've also tried to drop off items that aren't dry clean friendly and they've been aware enough to check the labels themselves for anything that doesn't look like a standard dry cleaning item.  I had one incident where the plastic adjustment piece on a strap of one of my tops broke while they were cleaning it and they paid to have a tailor fix it and that strap actually works better than the other one now.  :)  Good service and fast, in by 9am and out by 5pm.
4	This is my dry cleaner of choice! When I first moved to Phoenix three years ago, I set out to find a dry cleaner that wasn't gonna break me. Sadly, most of them here in the valley do have outrageous prices, and for what? I tried a lot of them and I never really saw the value.Thankfully I just happened upon Park Avenue Cleaners and I've never looked back. The employees are always extremely friendly and the prices per piece whether laundered or dry cleaned are very reasonable. I've taken everything here from dress shirts and slacks to ties with stains and even my comforter. Everything has come back better than before and extra points for not returning my shirts with broken buttons, which I'm guessing is the result from over-steaming them.I've recently moved, and Park Avenue Cleaners is no longer convenient but that's not gonna stop me from going out of my way to continue to use their services. Top notch!
5	there seems to be an abundance of cleaners in the area surrounding this one, but I think I have found a standout among the rest on the first try. I just moved to the area and this was the closest to my house, so naturally, it got the first crack at my business. This place keeps customer service alive! When dropping off a few pairs of pants, everyone was very nice, and the service was quick. I'm usually a little weary of the quality of work for the pay up front style cleaners, but when I picked the pants up, the quality was spot on. Picking up my pants is when I became impressed with this place. I had washed my flat front khakis at home because they were fairly dirty, and sometimes I feel like it's nice to wash out the dry cleaning chemicals after a few cycles through the cleaners. Because I had washed them at home, the pressed crease was no longer visible, and since they didn't see a crease when I dropped them off, they didn't put one back in. I noticed this at pickup, and even though it was completely my fault, in that I didn't ask for a crease, the guy that helped me insisted on re-pressing them, free of charge. He stated, "you should be completely satisfied." I even offered to pay for them, since it was my error, and other than that the work was fine. I decided not to take him up on his offer, and just take them without the crease, and he went a step further to offer me a coupon to get two items pressed or cleaned free of charge in the future. This was completely unnecessary, but a great way to earn loyalty to business, ensure I was completely satisfied, and keep me coming back, which I will. Great to see that customer service is not dead. The only slight negative of this place is the $.50 fee on credit/debit transactions. I understand that they get hit hard with fees, but in this day and age, it was pure luck I had cash on me at that moment. I think they might have waived the fee over a minimum purchase, but I don't fully recall, so if the minimum is only $5 or so, I guess I'll just remember to take more than 2 items at a time. And the flat rate of $2.25 per item? Certainly not the lowest I've seen, but pretty reasonable, especially for the friendly customer service I received.
5	This place was awesome.  You could tell they tried to fancy it up a bit inside, too, which shows interest in appearance.  Appearance matters when working on my clothes!  First made contact via email and the owner responded in very timely manner directly answering my questions.  He was polite.Made a visit and that woman at the desk was friendly, nice and smiled/laughed with us.  Saying "thank you" to customers is very important.  Why is it that we as customers always end up saying thank you when we pay???  Nothing wrong with that, but shouldn't the clerk say that as well?Clothes and comforter were picked up and, according to my source, everything looked great and was ready when advised!A little more costly and not close to my location, but worth the drive.  Great job, Park Ave.!
5	Tried this cleaner because of previous reviews and I am in total agreement with them. Great customer service, all my items came out great. Price was very reasonable as well. I will be returning with more items in the future.
5	This has been my dry cleaner of choice for the last two years!  The service is great!  You're usually greeted within seconds of walking in.  Your clothes are counted, you pay and your ticket is printed within minutes!  The employees are always very friendly and  pay close attention if you have any special instructions regarding your garments.  The price, $2.25/item for dry cleaning, is very reasonable!  One can often times find coupons for $1.99/item which was my initial motivator for trying out this cleaner.  They also offer same day dry cleaning service at no additional price.  Drop off your items before 9:00 AM and pick them up by 4:00PM!  Great for those in a hurry!  Cash is preferred but they will take debit cards for a $0.50 fee.
5	BEST DRY CLEANER IN PHX!  For especially hard stains on delicate fabrics ask that they put it to David, the owners, attention. He has worked miracles on my silk dresses that had guacamole and my attempt to treat the stain, soda water! Lesson learned just rush it to David!
5	this place is FANTASTIC!!! for $2.25/piece, you really can't go wrong with getting your clothes dry cleaned here! The staff was friendly, my clothing came back spotless, and everyone was happy! For all those interviews, conferences, board meetings when you need to be looking sharp, definitely take your clothes to park avenue cleaners!
5	A few general truths I should make everyone aware of before I write my GLOWING review of this establishment:1) I regularly wear clothes2) I regularly drink red wine (almost as regularly as I wear clothes)3) Clothes + red wine + effects of said red wine = This is why I can't have nice things.However, Park Avenue is actually in the process of allowing me to defy human logic and somehow cross item #3 off of the list of "General Truths about Georgeann's Life" because I swear to god they can clean ANYTHING out of ANYTHING.  And for $2.25!  Just be warned, for some of the tougher stains (which I have many) you will get it back with one of those little signs that says they couldn't get the stain out without damaging the fabric. A lot of my garments come back with this tag, but like I said, I can't have nice things. However, most of the time I see the tag but for the life of me can't find the stain so I don't really care. However, if the piece was expensive or important to me, or if the stain is really noticeable and I am really sad about it, you can always ask them to give it special care and they will blow your mind.Two examples: I had a brand new Kensie dress that I absolutely LOVED and brought to Vegas with me almost immediately after buying. Like most of us on our way to vegas, it got completely smashed and was a wrinkled mess when I pulled it out of my suitcase. Like an idiot, I tried to steam iron this rayon dress, despite the facts that rayon does not take well to moisture and I do not know how to iron. What resulted was water stains all over this brand spanking new dress, and me having to improvise an entire Vegas ensemble.  When I brought it in to Park Ave I asked them to please try and remove the stains WITHOUT removing the tags, thinking I might be able to get away with returning it if they really couldn't get the stains out. They got every one of them out, and I'm presuming by hand because I'm pretty sure putting it through the dry clean process would have melted the tags right off. I was SO impressed and asked what I owed for the stain removal. Clearly it could not be the same $2.25 I pay for washable blouses just because they come out all nice and pressed and I don't know how to iron. But it was! I insisted I should pay more, and they insisted that I shouldn't. Most recently I, ingeniously, decided to wear a white maxi skirt on the fourth of July. You know, that day where everyone gets extremely inebriated in the name of Personal Freedom? Also, that day it was forecasted to rain the whole time? Yes, mud plus a white, floor-length skirt sounded like a good idea to me (this is why I can't have nice things). Of course, like most us on the Fourth of July, the bottom got absolutely trashed and I was not surprised to see the dreaded "Sorry We Tried :(" tag hanging when I went to pick it up. I took the plastic off right in the dry cleaners to somberly assess the damage and the girl behind the counter asked if I wanted to send it through again and see what they can do. Why, yes! Thank you for asking! On the second try the skirt came back completely pristine! Again at no extra charge. I am honestly hesitating on posting this review right now because I don't want this place to get too crowded, but they deserve every piece of business they get. GIVE THEM ALL THE STARS!!!
5	This place is great.  Always gets things cleaned and done when they say they will.  I think they even get things back the same day, but I haven't used that service yet.   Parking is easy.  As someone else mentioned, the sign out front does NOT say Par Avenue Cleaners, which makes it hard to direct people here.  I have never had to wait in line...either to pick up or drop off.  Only suggestion....EVERYONE pays with debit cards these days...kinda awkward to go to a separate counter to run card, then go back to the other counter for your pick up slips.  Otherwise love this place.
4	Simple quick service.  Stop by, drop off your goods, pay and then you're off.  If you place your order before 9, you can pick it up after 4p.  What more can a peep ask for?  Free of course, but then I'd have to find somewhere new.  Friendly staff, I have never waited longer than walking to register.
1	I keep giving them chances and they continue to fail. All my husbands shirts are ALWAYS wrinkled and with stains on them. This shouldn't be the case because I'm paying for my clothes to be cleaned and ironed! I tried to address the issue the first time this happened and one of the girls there was really rude. I honestly don't plan on coming back ever. Really bad customer service and they don't do what a dry cleaner is suppose to do.
5	If I had a child, or if I had a woman who claimed I had a child and I believed her, I'd bring that child here and drop that child off on the counter and trust that that child would be well cared for... That's how much I trust these bastards. They're the best of the best.
5	The manager for this place should teach customer service classes. I have used this place for a year and always been wowed by the service (shame on me for never writing a review until now). Then Monday am act of kindness on top of a year of great service made me realize I owe it to them. My car battery died in front of the building and 2 of their staff members came outside to assist and make sure I was taken care of. Talk about going above and beyond. This was over the top. They are great everyday but that was giving 120%!!!
5	If you are going anywhere else - you are paying too much & not getting the service you deserve, these people do a great job.  Been coming here for years, if I have someting that needs a minor fix - they get it done, no charge - saves me time & hassle.  Thanks Park Ave - you rock.
5	If you're like me, you leave your laundry at the dry cleaners for weeks because it's super expensive and you don't want to pay for it when you get there because you're thinking... why even pick up my old clothes? For $30+ I can buy a new top and just go about my business.THAT WON'T HAPPEN HERE!It's super cheap - everything is $2.50 AND you prepay, so you get it over with when you drop your clothes off. On top of that - they're great! They've always taken great care of my clothes. If you're going to any other dry cleaner, you're wasting your time.Also, coupons for their services are always in those annoying junk mail packets you get in your mail box... I literally open it up just to fish out that coupon and recycle the rest.
5	For me getting prompt service from a dry cleaners is good, but these guys are ROCK STARS!!They are always super friendly which is greatly appreciated. Thank you - and keep up the great work!
4	Prompt, friendly, and error-free service.  This my work dress pants second home-ha!  I hate ironing/pressing my business casual pants for work, so I bring to Park Avenue.   They always have my garments ready when promised; one time they had miscounted and I had brought more than what I was charged for, and they ate the difference and did not charge me.  This is a prepaid so, no putting your clothes on holiday here.  I get discount emails from them.  My only irritation is that when you use debit they have a surcharge, but you can avoid that by paying cash.  They also have a referral program
5	Cheap and fast dry cleaning. Laundered shirts are less than $2 each. They took care of some stains I had been trying to get rid of for a while. Watch the one-way street out front.
5	I found this place after spending WAY too much on drycleaning. It's right near my house and they take good care of me. Prices are great and it's really nice to pre-pay and pop in to pick up my clothes. I highly recommend them!
5	First time trying out this place and good thing I did. Good, helpful service and a quick turn around. There was a .50 cent debit charge but was waived off for being a first timer.  Pretty awesome, not that many businesses would do that.
5	This business is not near my home, but I make the journey.  They do a great job and the owner is especially talented in getting stains out that I was not able to remove myself.  When I have a favorite item that is stained, rather than throw it out, I take it there first.  Sometimes they can't get the stains out, but for the times they can and the low cost, it is so worth it.
5	Affordability, customer service, and quality all collide when you speak of Park Avenue Cleaners and David's crew. You do not need to sacrifice your dollars to get the results you want from a dry cleaning experience.David has been there for quite some time and his team has built the relationships necessary to build a successful business. They are part of our community. If you need dry cleaning, you need to go to this establishment.
4	This is a very basic, affordable dry cleaning operation. The staff is always friendly and they send out coupons almost weekly if you live in the area. My clothes always come back great and they are done on time.One thing to note is that they do not clean tablecloths, just FYI.Parking is easy and its always quick in and out.
5	I have been searching for as long as I can remember for a good dry cleaner and finally I can end my search! Park Avenue Cleaners is the best. I trust them completely and recommend them highly!
5	They are fast, and most importantly they never loose the cloths. I have been using them for years.
5	I don't know who does the hiring at Park Ave but whoever it  is certainly knows what they are doing.  The staff here is really young but they are service oriented.  I wish I could find more places with the attitude they have here.The prices are low, the cleaning is done well, and if there is any question they will redo the garment.They keep the price low is by taking cash and checks.  Don't expect to use a credit card.There isn't a lot of parking so you may have to park in the parking lots on both sides of the building.  Never hurts to burn a few calories.I have been using these people for so many years that I really don't remember...maybe 30?  Nice place to do business with.  I worked in retail for many years.  Most of the major stores I worked in, this is where the majority employees took their dry cleaning  Work clothes had to last, so if you wanted things done right, you went here for a price one could afford.
5	My favorite dry cleaning in the area. I live in Scottsdale but I make the drive back to my fave spot in Arcadia. My family and I both go here and we have never had any problems with our clothing. I tend to do same day pick up anywhere so my clothes aren't piled up with others and get creases being shoved in after days. I picked up my clothes here after 2 days because I forgot about it and they looked phenomenol. Perfectly steamed and they got a stain out of my blouse. Awesome dry cleaning and friendly staff that has been around for some time. Keep up the great job guys.
5	Great service!! They are the nicest people and run a wonderful business. This is by far the best dry cleaner I've found in the area. They really take care of my clothes and get out stains with ease. The turn around time is really quick too, and I have tendency to bring in a lot of clothes at once. Haven't gone anywhere else since I found Park Avenue Cleaners  almost 6 years ago.  Can't recommend them enough!
5	I've been going here regularly for more than a year. Prices are fair and the service and cleanliness of my clothes have been solid. I really couldn't ask for a better location, price and experience.After moving to AZ I found this place on Yelp. I think the signage outside the business says "$1.50 cleaners" or something like that. I don't think it matches up to the Yelp business name, although the street address/phone number does, which is how I found it. Aside from being confusing to first find the place, I immediately started to have a good experience here...one I did find it.Recently, one of my items was damaged during cleaning. The owner apologized for the inconvenience and refunded the money I paid for my item. Now oftentimes, when a business owner or manager has to be held accountable for a mistake, they can be combative, rude, or incredulous. But this process at Park Ave Cleaners was hassle-free, easy and darn-near pleasant. This business makes my life easier by cleaning my clothes for a fair price, and owning up to a mistake made (one mistake after about 14 months of going here); and that makes me a loyal customer who further trusts this business.Solid work and honorable. Rare.
4	Convenient, affordable, friendly staff, quick turnaround and quality job...what more could you want from a dry cleaner?  This will definitely be my go to dry cleaner moving forward.
5	We've been using Park Ave Cleaners now for almost 7 years. We bring in coats with belts, suits, button up shirts, etc. The belt is always with the coat and tagged separately so it has never been lost. The shirts are always laundered and pressed nicely. Staff is polite, most things are ready within a couple of days, and the price is great. What more do you want from your cleaner?
5	Courteous staff speedy very inexpensive. The only dry cleaning we use. Make sure to get there before 9 am for same day service @ no extra charge
