5	I came in one day to work --barriques next door was just too loud and crowded to get anything done. The two ladies working were so friendly and cheerful. I had a big iced coffee that hit the spot! This may be my new go-to study spot
4	Uhhhm, why does Gallup only have one review? I know Monroe can feel like it's overrun with joints to grab java but this place more than any other is probably my fave. The folks working there are always super pleasant and their iced coffee is among my favorite in town. Cookies are craveworthy, there plenty of spots to plop down and compute and I find it's generally cleaner than Barriques a few doors down.
5	THIS JUST IN... Two times now I've had the best... BEST iced coffee. Consistent and caramel-y in nature and just plain good! They must do some sort of a cold press because after they fill it up about 3/4 of the way they top it off with some water. Next time I go I'll ask for details, but trust me when I say it's the best I've found in Madison next to Intelligentsia at Johnson Public House. Add to this the fact that the woman helping me today remembered to fill it to the top (no room for cream), said hello when I came in, have a good day when I left... all these things will make it so I spend quite a bit of remote work time at one of their tables. I still don't know why reviews are slim, but I'm ok with the fact that folks think Barriques on Monroe and their cornucopia of wine, beer, coffee and tea offerings are better. More room for me at Gallup!
3	This place is pretty cool. Kind of your average coffee shop, but in a good way.
4	We were in the neighborhood (what an awesome area, by the way) when hunger struck, so we ducked-in to Gallup for a cup of coffee and a breakfast sammich.  'Twas around noon and they were still serving breakfast, which was a win for us.We ordered two of the breakfast sandwiches - both came on english muffins, both had baked egg; one had pesto, roasted red peppers, and cheese.  One had bacon and cheddar.  We also went with two cups of coffee for a total of just around $12 with tip.  Loved the checkout via Square - it's so easy and cool.We grabbed a table, sipped our coffee, and did some people watching as we waited for the grub.  After about 10 minutes, the plates were ready - they call you to the counter to pick-up your food.It's pretty difficult to mess-up a breakfast sandwich; I'm happy to report that Gallup was spot-on.  The sandwich was delicious; cheese was perfectly melted and the bacon was nice and crisp (and it didn't overwhelm the entire sandwich).  I liked the place.  It was quiet and calm; the fireplace was nice; the service was prompt; the food & coffee were good.  Nicely done, Gallup!Gallup = WINFood = 3.75 starsService = 3 starsValue = 3 starsMISC = 4 starsOnce again, I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars, but I'll give 'em the nod to 4.
4	I planned on ordering just a latte. But after that adorable heart latte art, and amazing quality espresso and deliciously addicting foamed milk, I ended up with a raspberry scone and another latte. That stuff is real good.The raspberry scone was chock full of delicious raspberries. Normally, scones get a bit dry and crumby, but this scone. Oh, lord. It was still warm from the oven. I can't even...just get it. It is that good.  So excited that this excellent coffee house is getting even better with new and cool owners. New gluten free menu on the way. Woohoo!Can't wait to see what Crescendo Espresso Bar + Music Cafe brings to Madtown. You can count me in!
5	I am a coffee snob. There, I said it. More times than not, I am super disappointed with  what some stores are shilling as espresso. I mean, a shot of espresso (or three) is the best way to judge a coffee shop, in my opinion, because it is the coffee at its finest, yet still incredibly simple. And to be honest, the espresso I had at Gallup (soon to be Crescendo Espresso Bar and Music Cafe!!!!!) was probably the best I have ever had. Which is saying something, because I've tried some amazing coffee in my time in Rome, Paris, and of course Zingermans in Ann Arbor, MI.The tiny little cup filled with dark, rich, and bold espresso smelled heavenly and tasted even better. Oh, and strong. LIKE WOAH strong. But of course, that's how I like it.I was all about the interior (total coffee house vibe with plush chairs and tables for a group) and the staff was incredible. There is a new gluten free menu coming soon along with brand new owners. So far, I'm totes digging what they've done so far.I WILL BE BACK!
