4	Since Stonecrest is so convenient to my work and home, I am frequently stopping in for shopping, dining, or other services.   You can get a message, grab a bite to eat, have your nails done, do some shopping, see a movie, drop off your drycleaning, and go to the dentist in one stop. I am a Target fan and this store offers a good selection of merchandise. The HT in Stonecrest is one of the larger HTs in the area (along with the one at the Arbo).  Other shops I like here include Ulta, Chicos, Shoe-In, and CreativeSewing.  There is also a great little mom & pop shop that does alterations and shoe repair.  I also like the dining options here.. Kebab Grill, Jo Jo Bistro, Miro, Cantina 1511 and Firebirds are all great for full service dining.   If you are in the mood for "fast-casual" there is Smashburger, Qdoba, and Nothing but Noodles.  If you want Breakfast anytime, the Flying Biscuit is the best (and only option) in the immediate area.  And if you are in the mood for fast food, you have a choice of Chick-fil-A or Wendy's. As Jennifer points out, the live music concert series is really cool. You can bring your own bottle of wine from home or stop by Dean & Deluca to buy wine by the glass or by the bottle and sit out on the patio to enjoy the tunes.  It is family friendly, not not as many kids seem to be running around here as some of the other concert series.  (Blakney & the Promenade's concert series seem to have a lot more little ones running around.)My only complaint is the traffic - the entrance/exit at Rea Road & Piper Station Drive gets really backed up and the four-way stop definitely gets crazy at times.
4	I'm at Stonecrest so often I can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet!  It is central to Ballantyne and has some great restaurant options: Cantina 1511, Miro, JoJo Bistro, Dean and Deluca, Firebirds, Flying Biscuit, Smashburger, Nothing but Noodles, City Tavern....and more.  When the husband and I want to go out to dinner we often just drive to Stonecrest before deciding where we'll actually eat.   In addition to good eats there are a few salons, a Starbucks, Target and Harris Teeter.  You'll be able to run almost any errand you need.  Plus there is a Regal movie theater that has plenty of theaters and seating if dinner and a movie is your thing.Out front there is a nice big fountain and lots of outdoor seating.  It's really kid friendly and every Friday and Saturday in the warmer months there is live music.  Those evenings you'll find a lot of people sitting outside enjoying a glass of wine while the kids run around the fountain (the luckier kids are enjoying coldstone creamery!).  It's a fun way to spend an evening!It's almost always packed with heavy traffic, and there aren't many clothing store options, but if you're looking for a good meal and social setting you'll love it!
4	Stonecrest in my opinion is a jack of all trades! There are so many wonderful options and this is such a great location.I've visited this shopping area numerous times, and can't believe I hadn't reviewed it yet! But one thing this place has is plenty of variety and selections! Target, Starbucks, Jimmy Johns, Harris Teeter, a Regal movie theater and several delicious restaurants like Firebirds, Boneheads and Cantina 1511 are just some of the awesome places packed into this shopping center. It's nice to be able to grab a bite to eat, do some shopping and then pick up some groceries before heading home.In terms of parking, there is plenty here but like other reviews have mentioned, the speed bumps are treacherous! So make sure to be slow and cautious! But I really like this shopping center, clearly I'm there at least once a week! So just stop by, I'm sure that you will find something you like too!
4	A lot of my favorite places are located at Stonecrest.  If you can get past the crazy 4-way stop at the entrance, you are in for a good time.  Firebirds is one of my favorite restaurants - great steaks, salads, apps, drinks, desserts - it's all good.  Regal Stonecrest is a great movie theater with fresh popcorn and nice theaters.  The brand new Michaels (in the space formerly occupied by Borders) is well laid out with lots of and crafts projects begging to be done.  Chick-Fil-A, Wendy's, Dean and Deluca, Smashburger, Qdoba, JoJo's, Jersey Mike's - lots of places to eat.  For shopping there is a giant Target, Ulta and lots of smaller boutique stores.  There is a wonderful, newly renovated Harris Teeter that is wonderful for shopping for all of your food needs and also has online shopping if you don't like people (yay, online shopping!).In the area near where the restaurants are concentrated, there is a fountain and area to eat outside, so you can enjoy a beautiful Carolina blue day with the fam.  Conveniently located just off 485 on Rea Rd, enjoy a day at Stonecrest.
