4	Everyone needs a good Chinese take-out join nearby and I got one. Fu Yuan offers great Canadianified Chinese food as well as a hidden menu in Cantonese only that offers authentic Chinese food. How authentic? I saw the cook taking apart an entire pig.The steamed dumplings are delicious little pasta pockets of soup and hearty to. A plate of 5 dumplings will stuff you like a thanksgiving turkey. The rest of the whitey-Chinese food is also awesome even though not authentic. Shanghai noodles are a meal and a half, as with every other meal. The crispy beef isn't a huge nugget of breading with a tiny bit of meat, you can see the meat through the breading and they are fresh and tasty. I've been there more than a few times and never regret my meal. The restaurant looks spartan; decoration is not urgency here. Just tables, a giant screen TV playing Chinese television. Both menus are flavour explosions, service is OK, delivery is speedy. Local Chinese take-out acquisition complete.
5	Verdun is continuing her streak at  becoming Montreal's new foodie haven!Came here yesterday with a friend for dinner and was floored by the quality of the food, the taste and the price. Yes, the decor is quite spartan but when your mouth and tongue are living in Technicolor because of the flavors, who cares?We ordered dumplings in hot sauce (almost a stew), green beans coated in red chillies and meat, and a sliced beef with tofu and chilli sauce (again, could almost be eaten as a stew) over rice. No joke, I broke out into a sweat because of the heat factor in the food, but this is the funny part. even though the food was spicy and hot, you could keep eating it, you didn't have to run for milk or yogurt to cool off the palate in order to continue eating, unlike some Thai and Indian places I've gone to, when the food is so bloody scorching, that you end up filling up with water instead of the food.The lone waitress who served us, could neither speak very good English or French, but spoke some broken form of the two, but despite that, we were still able to understand each other, besides, she's really sweet and service is friendly, which is always a plus.I'm going to become a regular.
4	Came here with my girlfriend this sunday as we were tempted by some chinese food. We ordered the salt and pepper fried squid which was outstanding. We also got the beef with vegetables from the lunch menu. The prices are what you'd expect but the quality of the food is great. Good value, would reccommend doing take out though as the atmosphere pretty raw and boring...
