5	I love Skies!  Totally a place you'd feel at home at - especially if you're from MN or WI.  I can see why the get celebs in there from time to time.  The beer is cold, prices are reasonable, and the bartenders (especially Jeff) are fun to chat with.  They have pretty good bands and decent food.  The nachos are enough to feed a small army, onion rings are better than the fries, curds you can skip, burgers are alright (ask for it medium).The place does get packed, so get there early if there's a band or if you want to watch football on Sunday.  Oh, and they have there own kind of cherry bombs (that are not shots, but cherries soaked in booze).Good times!
2	Here for live John Denver tribute by my sister's boyfriend. Looking forward to the music!!Ron Matthews put on a very good performance. This is a small little bar. Probably not a location I would look to go to on a regular basis but for this special event.  However, I can see where this would be a local watering hole for the locals around the area. I was disappointed that the menu was a limited menu because of the event.  So I was only able to have a Cheeseburger.  Nothing special. The music and performance was great.  But not a bar I would tend to visit otherwise.
1	I made a mistake I review the run restaurant I've never been here yet!
4	Has anyone ever had an "Eddie Murphy" experience? Do you remember the movie 48 hours? When Eddie Murphy goes into the country bar and the music comes to a screeching halt and everyone turns and looks at him?  Well the band played on at Superstition Skies Restaurant in Apache Junction on Saturday night, but I still got the looks.  Now, having said that,  I must say that as far as Country Bars go, Skies is a good one!  The band played really good music, the service was pretty good, and I actually had a very nice time.  The dance floor is big, and everyone was really friendly.  I must have had about 20 people nod at me or say hello as they passed by.  If you are interested in a nice "Country Bar" and you are in the Apache Junction area I would certainly visit.  Looks and all, I had a nice time.
