4	Convenience is the key to this place!  I love the fact that you can come in and get a workout in at any time.  Outside of that the equipment is up to date and kept clean.  It is a no frills type gym and the price reflects it.  For those that want more fancy surroundings there are other options and places but for me I just need a place to go workout when I get tired of running outside. It can get crowded if you come on typical crowded gym days and times (Monday's and any day around 5:30 pm) but otherwise it's never very packed.  Free weights, circuit machines, spin bikes, a recumbent and elliptical and treadmills.  There are also some resistance bands and mats for floor exercises.All around a great place.
5	This gym has all the basics you need to get in a good workout. I love that it is pretty much 24/7 since you use a fingerprint scanner to use the facility. The equipment is new with many mats, weights and extras for your use. The staff is friendly and always smiling. If you stop by, tell Jason  said hello!
3	Great gym!  The boyfriend and I just joined (thanks yelp specials for the discount!!!)  Although it is small they have enough equipment to keep everyone busy,  There are no showers or pools or spas - this is just for the pop-in workout cause it is raining and i can't be outside. There are floor mats and weights too.  TVs are mounted on the walls - not the individual treadmills :-( Everyone is super nice that works there and it looks as though they even have personal trainers if you need one.  Love this place!
4	Clean efficiency gym.  It's open 24/7, and is only staffed occasionally - you enter via a fingerprint scanning system.  You can sign up for a trainer... or not. So basically if you time it right, you can go to this gym without speaking to a human. Excellent choice for the generally awkward.They've got treadmills, stairmasters, spinner bikes, free weights, mats, some exercise balls, and an assortment of machines. A few TVs on the walls and ubiquitous motivational house music on the stereos, but fortunately nothing too distracting to prevent you from zoning out to your NPR podcasts.
