4	Beautiful stuff in this gallery from the Australian Peter Lik!  I love his shots of the sandstone caves and the Grand Canyon.  I especially liked his "Tahoe Galley" but at $4750, I'll have to hit the big jackpot in order to buy these amazing pieces.Check out: Ghost (see: http://www.peterlik.com/35mmjava/destination/images/Ghost.jpg )Ancient Spirit (see: http://www.peterlik.com/panojava/destination/Ancient%20Spirit.jpg )Antelope Canyon (see: http://www.peterlik.com/vertjava/destination/Antelope%20Canyon.jpg )Echoes of Silence (see: http://www.peterlik.com/panojava/destination/Echoes%20of%20Silence.jpg )Incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff!  Talk to Joesph Strother - he's great!pix laters...
4	We stopped into Peter Lik's Mandalay Place Gallery while waiting for an event to begin at the Luxor. My husband and I are fans of his work and whenever we are in the area we pay a visit. The gallery is pretty average for a "mall" setting and had a large selection of his pieces. There were two people working and one greeted us. He asked us if we collect Peter's work. Our answer was no, I really wish we could afford his photographs. The salesperson still took the time to explain and talk to us despite knowing that we were not in the market to buy art that day. I appreciate that because so many times a salesperson will give you the cold shoulder if they don't think you will purchase. My attitude is, hey, you never know...someday we might be able to purchase a Peter Lik Photograph and that salesperson's attitude might sway us away from any future purchases. So, it was nice to find someone who seemed to have the same perspective as myself.I would love to return someday and make a purchase. In the meantime, I will visit the gallery and grow my appreciation for Peter's work.
4	This place has an amazing amount of beautiful photography. After attending a wedding at the Mandalay Bay, we stopped in here and looked around. The staff was extremely friendly and informative about the pictures.  Even though we were not in the market to buy one of these wonderful photographs, the staff still took time with us to show us around and explain how the lighting works to bring out the best in each piece. Overall, if you've never seen Peter Lik's work, I'd recommend this place, and if you have, still come in. He does amazing stuff. I really enjoy landscapes and he does a great job with these too.
4	Peter Lik is one of my most favorite photographers of all time.  I can look at one of his images and really get lost in it for a long, long while.  His remarkable photos make you feel like you're looking out the window and really there seeing this beautiful landscape.One thing that I've completely forgotten and was reminded by one of the staff here is that his work is processed on special paper - so as the light changes in the room that its in, the colors and warmth of the image changes along with it.  Absolutely and stunningly beautiful.  And I'd have to mention that for the people who scoff at digital photography work, and criticize "photoshopping"...any person can take a picture, but not everyone has vision.    Same goes for post processing - anyone can learn photoshop, but there is still talent and technique involved.  "There's an app for that" doesn't cut it.  Any budding or professional photographer should know that you are at the mercy of the elements to get that right shot when doing landscape photography.  Sometimes you can wait hours for the right conditions and light, and only have a very small window to get THE shot, before mother nature changes again.I would LOVE to one day place a pano in the bedroom so I can pretend I wake up to the blue and frothy beach (google Peaceful Shores) every day.  Maybe a red blazing sunset (Dreamland) or a green, peaceful forest (Divine Light) in the living room.  Its not the same if you look at them online - but they are quite compelling when you see them in person.This gallery is not as big as the other one in LV, but the staff is still very nice and helpful.  If this sparks an interest, the Rodney Lough gallery would be a good one to check out too.
2	The presentation ,framing,lights ,prints are incredible quality ,but the photography work itself felt very cliche and nothing special. Some boring composition,overly saturated ...I am sorry I expect better for pro photographer . Marc Adamus  is so much better
5	Incredible glossy huge photo prints that are a joy to look at, and of top quality. Well worth a look, and if it is your style, well worth collecting too!
