4	Went through Oasis to have my first baby. Loved them (doctors nurses and office staff). Everybody always treated me good and listened to any concerns I ever had. Only problem I had was the wait time. Seems like over the months the office has become pretty popular but staff hasn't increased. Other than that would totally recommend. :)
1	Staff was very nice! Had my labs drawn and they were sent to a facility that my insurance was not contracted with and when I called they told me they don't check insurance, they just send the labs. Nice! So of course I got a bill in the mail that I am not going to pay. We will see if it gets resolved. Not going back to them :(
3	My mom and I use Oasis for their Forever Fit/HCG program. It's a great program and Michelle is wonderful. The only problem is that they have their own "section" in the office so the front desk won't even deal with you. I hate this because they never answer the phone and I never get a call back. On the off chance I do get  a call back, it's 4 days later. I have to psychically go in person to schedule my appointments, otherwise it won't get done. Most of the office staff is nice but Lydia is not. She refuses to deal with me when I call. I understand it's probably protocal to transfer me to the Forever Fit line but when they never answer, it shouldn't be a big deal to schedule my appointment through the front desk considering every computer in the office uses the same scheduling system.
5	This is the best OBGYN office I've ever been too, everyone is friendly and helpful. It's also very clean and organized. I'm also always able to get in for an appointment on the date/time I want.
5	Always friendly and personable. So sad that Dr, Messer is not going to deliver babies anymore. Both my daughters have used this office for their babies and it is very caring and compassionate. The rooms are decorated great just for women as well
5	This is by far the favorite doctors office I've EVER been to, OB or otherwise. When no one else cared about what was going on after I had my son ( my PCP just blew me off), everyone here was amazing and helped me and ill never forget it! Lynne Fiore is the sweetest little ball of energy, Dr. Messer is very nice and thorough ( she brought a little gift to the hospital after I gave birth) and Carol( if she's still there) goes above and beyond to help you out. There's MUCH more I could say about everyone there but I'll keep it short....lol.. I only wish I could see them for everything !
5	Love Dr. Messer and the staff at Oasis. Dr. Messer delivered my daughter and is about to deliver my 2nd daughter.  She always answers all my questions and I recommend her to all my friends/family.
