1	THIS PLACE IS SIMPLY DISHONEST!  I would NEVER allow my child or anyone else I cared about to rent here.  My college age daughter was moving out on her own for the first time.  Being a trusting sole, she agreed to a 12 month lease only to find 12 months later, that they had switched her lease term to 14 months.  I suppose it's only a coincidence that these additional 2 months got the complex through their slow summer season.  When I tried on several occasions to schedule an appointment with the manager to discuss this, they would not even return my call.  Then when it came time to move out, we tried to schedule a walk through with the manager to be sure we were on the same page in terms of the apartments condition.  We were told that they don't do this.  They have to many apartments to do this with every resident.  The managers will get together at their convenience and let us know the condition with our final statement.  Well surprise, surprise,  she didn't get any deposit back and in fact they demanded an additional $300 or they would turn her over to collections.
1	This place is awful! Beware...they lie, cheat, and steal! Do not support businesses like this when there are other honest apartments close to ASU...
1	I lived here for the 2 final years of attending ASU. The first year I lived here was great, but then they switched management and it has gone completely down hill. My building was infested with scorpions (had to kill 10 a month!) and the management refused to provide any solution. Our apartment was 1 of 6 to be broken into over Christmas break- everything was stolen and the thieves destroyed the carpet and the walls. Now upon moving out the management is not providing any leniency with returning my deposit even though their drastic lack of security was the reason the apartments were broken into. The management is rude, they try and trick you so they can get your money- I am appalled a place like this is even still open. This place is extremely over priced for what you get..my advice: pick another place that is cheaper, cleaner, bigger, and safer! Avoid this place at all costs!!
5	I love living at Apache Station. It is such a fun community. I have always felt safe living here and have never had any issues with my apartment. I would recommend Apache Station to any college student or young professional!
5	I love Apache Station. This is my second year living here and I've never had an issue. Every time that I needed some repair work done it has been fixed right away. I love my one bedroom apartment, it's bigger (and cheaper) than the two bedroom apartment I lived in somewhere else. Staff is always nice. It is also a plus to be right across the street from the light rail. It is also pretty quite at nights which is super nice. I love it here :-)
1	I've been here for a little over 2 years. Hated it from day one. The day I moved in was the day I found out about the loud ass train that comes through at all hours of the night, and the obnoxious driver who honks his horn loud and long (from 12am-10am, Mon-Fri). The old management somehow left that part out when they said my building was on the quiet side. Security is a HUGE concern. My scooter was stolen, very easily, I might add, because the "security" gate is never closed. Ever since then I've had my gf stay here during the day to ensure no one breaks in. Luckily I did so. On numerous occasions, she's reported to me that the door handle has been jiggled, and once she caught a guy looking through the window. I haven't had much of a beef with the management, but I will say that folks here will nickel and dime you when they get a chance. Overall though, they're responsive to maintenance calls and other small stuff. Convenience is why I moved here in the 1st place, but that's run its course. Come this summer I'll be moving out.
5	Place is awesome.. Thumps up to the office staff.. very friendly and professional.Love the effort they put to show their residents how they appreciate them.Lots of residents appreciation weeks, lots of events and prizes. There's nothing to complain about at all.
1	The day I first moved in , I was impressed at how clean looking the place was.  A little bit more than a year later I am still in shock that we are still locked into a lease here.  We live in the building right on the light rail (oh my gosh annoying) and the back security gates are rarely ever closed, meaning when I go to work in the early AM hours, I get to experience the awkwardness of disrupting dumpster divers and patio snoops.  That's right...people from off the streets looking into your patio!The security really do nothing to enforce any "safety" and the pool is always littered with beer cans and nasty wet clothes left behind. Also, the grill is almost always out of gas and caked with old burnt food from the idiots that use it before.There have been more than a few times where I have been home by myself and someone will try turning my doorknob, or when I get home late at night there are "homeless people??" standing in the hallways asking i I can lend them money for gas or food.  Freaky. Also, I have had SERIOUS problems with getting my mail or notices from the Postal Service.  I will get a call from someone asking if I got the package they sent me yet and when I go to the office to ask if I have one "Oh yeah, it's been sitting here for almost three weeks, sorry we forgot to give you your notice".  Idiots. It is not the "trendy-college life" they advertise.  There are a lot of things left out when the staff give you the look-around.  This place is dirty, unsafe, shady, and just not worth the $700 a month for a one bedroom.  It is very easy to disguise all that is wrong when they are CONSTANTLY throwing parties and events for the residents.  But seriously, don't move here...don't let your kids move here. Awful.
2	Now that I don't live here and I'm not being bribed to give good reviews I can be honest. If you like broken things this is the place for you! In the two years I lived there I can't even count how many things broken. My fridge, my dryer, and my toilet tank. Not to mention the gate out front was never closed. Oh and the gym equipment was broken quite often. One of the two treadmills was out of service for at least 3 months. Also, good luck getting your packages if you live here. They are really bad about notifying people if they have a package. Oh and of course you can't forget the bad asses that drive around the complex revving the engines of their  sports cars.Basically yeah the location is good and the units are spacious... But is it worth it? In my opinion, no.
3	My boyfriend and I lived here three years. The apartment itself was very nice and one of the biggest one bedrooms in the area. I also thought the complex was very nice looking, although the back pool could've been kept up better. The lightrail was very convenient for school. We didn't hear about the freight train that goes right behind the building until after we signed the lease. And with our building being right in the back it was a nuisance. The staff is what kills it. They were absolutely terrible from the first day we moved in. Our rent kept getting raised substantially. During our last year I went in to pay rent and she told me I was a penny under. (The numbers ended in 5 so I told her it was impossible to be 89 cents instead of 90...did the math again and still wrong) Next month we go in (same amount on the checks as last month) and we're 10 cents over. We had to sit down and ask them what our rent was because the staff can't add. I applied to work in the front office and did not get hired. The hiring manager told me she wanted to hear things like "punctual" instead of "I can sell." Duh? I handed a guy my rent checks and he looked at me and said "What's this for?" Really??? At one point they said my boyfriend was no longer on the lease. Huh???? No reason as to why. So the staff is a bunch of incompetent college kids who wanted free rent. I was also afraid we wouldn't get our deposit back because it sounds like most people don't, but fortunately we did. Also, the security makes you feel like you're the problem instead of watching the complex. I took my dog out at night and the security guy stood there (while on his phone) and watched me the whole time, even walked around to the stairs to watch me go into my apartment. They also stop and watch you get out of your car and into your apartment. Dude, if I drove in I'm probably fine! There are generally people in the dumpsters or behind them, and the front gate is NEVER closed. When it is, retarded college kids push it open causing it to break. Happens every single time the gate is closed. Carry your damn gate card with you!!! Also, the gate code thing barely works. I typed in my own and it didn't even recognize my name. And when it did, it didn't work. Waste of money. Overall, nice area, nice apartment, terrible staff. I'm now renting a three bedroom house that is $100 more than the one bedroom at Apache Station. What does that tell you?
2	I lived here for three years. Honestly, I just didn't want to keep moving around, so I just stayed there. A major reason why I chose to live at Apache Station is because of the lightrail. I saved on gas and parking, so obviously that's a plus. Also, the apartments themselves are pretty spacious. Other than that, I don't have anymore compliments. The staff was all right... Maintenance usually responded to requests within 24-48 hours, if it wasn't an emergency. Our building had termites, so we occasionally had to have special exterminators come and clear those out. As if that's not bad enough, for some reason, they were only able to come out once every month or so. Luckily, I never had any in my room but my poor roommates sometimes had to sleep with a string of termites above their beds!!Overall, the place was decent. However, with all of the other options in Tempe, I don't think I would recommend living there.
3	Appreciate the great customer service!
5	My wife and I lived at Apache Station from when we got married in June 2012 until we bought our first house in January 2014. We loved the location, especially its proximity to the light rail, ASU, and Mekong plaza. The one bedroom apartment was also a really good deal considering how roomy it is. We also loved the amenities, such as the pool and the fitness center. We loved the free coffee, cookies, and DVD rentals, as well as monthly community events. We made ample use of the computing and printing resources as well! Finally, the staff have been wonderful to us, and always know my name when I drop by. Maintenance is also top notch and quick to respond to service requests.There are a few things we didn't like about living at Apache Station, but these are understandably outside of the management's control. First of all, some evenings the party would get out of hand. Living right by the main gate, we would often hear all of the cars rolling in late at night, blaring loud music and revving their engines. People, you just aren't as cool as you think you are. Also, some of the international students living there seem to think it's okay to just park your car in the middle of the parking lot, leave the engine running, get out, and chat with your buddies. Again, I don't care if you drive a Mercedes Benz, you are not as cool as you think you are. Thankfully, there are security patrols at night and when we have complained about these issues, they have been responsive, as have the staff. Finally, one of our neighbors apparently had a filthy apartment, leading to an outbreak of cockroaches in our whole building. Again, management was responsive and took care of us. Pest control came out once a week for a few weeks, which can not have been cheap, and things definitely improved.Having said all that, these are issues that are bound to come up when you live in any apartment complex, especially one so close to a university. The staff have always been responsive and have taken care of us throughout our stay, and that's all we could have asked for. In the end, we would highly recommend Apache Station to anyone looking for a place to live out by ASU!
1	AVOID this place at all costs. Before you agree to any roommate, check out http://apps.supremecourt.az.gov/publicaccess/caselookup.aspx to see if that person has a criminal record. While my daughter was on vacation, the office moved in a roommate that had FIVE criminal convictions. Apparently you need a felony to be denied rentals. Really, who wants to room with someone convicted of property theft, disorderly conduct, and assigned to court-ordered anger management? BUT guess who had to move out? Roomie got the two-bedroom apartment all to herself for three months while my daughter paid the rest of her lease, paid to move, and paid for a new apartment. The office knows how to walk on the edge of legal. They are unethical and will do anything to get you to sign a lease.
2	I've lived here for four years and I used to love it. Recently they changed ownership and things almost immediately went down hill. They raised their prices significantly and yet their quality of care is much worse! When I had a maintenance issue in the past, they almost always were there within 24 hours. Recently, I've had two maintenance requests that I've had to doggedly hound them about, including going into the office and talking to the staff personally. They weren't emergencies mind you, but two weeks after an initial request followed by THREE MORE is ridiculous. This past weekend I also discovered there is a wasps's nest inside one of my walls. It can't be seen from the outside, but when I called to report it as an emergency while at work yesterday, they told me they'd look at it without asking where it is and that was the last I heard. I'm sure I'll have to pursue a solution myself. I'll be moving and breaking my lease as soon as possible. I could have a much bigger house for the rent I pay and take my chances on being equally ignored by the administration!
