4	I took a walk a few weeks ago down Liberty Avenue and I saw the coming soon sign for Go Pretzel. Immediately after reading this I became antsy. I love a soft Pretzel. I kept imaging what kind they would have. I wondered would they have dipping sauces? How would this be set up? I took a walk today and discovered that my nightly prayers would be granted and it was finally open! There was a line, however, it seemed to move rather quickly. I feel as if I may only been in there for 2 minutes total. I really feel like I didn't get to absorb the actual atmosphere because I was too concerned with what I'd be eating and it's accompanying sauce that I'd be dipping said Pretzel in. The Pretzel selection from plain sight seemed rather small. It's kind of set up essentially like a normal pretzel place you'd find in the mall. The pretzels are laid out, you point and then eat. Here is a listing of their pretzels: Original Toasted Almond Cinnamon Sugar Pepperoni & Cheese Jalapeno & Cheese Pretzel Dog From the card they provided me they have daily specials which are located on their Facebook page which I'll be checking out shortly. Dipping sauces include: Dijon mustard, cheddar cheese, sweet glaze, dutch chocolate, Nutella and Sweet and hot mustard I was so torn about what to eat so of course I ordered two things. I got a Pretzel dog and then for "dessert" I ordered the toasted almond with the Nutella dipping sauce. The Nutella was kind of think as usual so they provided me with a baby spoon to dip which was quite helpful. I'm hoping the specials on the Facebook page are worthwhile. Maybe a discount for buying a dipping sauce because I did not see anything listed on their wall. Also I thought it was odd that there wasn't anything to drink. I think they'd benefit from at least selling bottles of soda and water. This is definitely a place I plan on frequenting. I loved my Pretzel and I loved my sauce. In general I love it!
4	Deliciously fresh and tasty soft pretzels that caused minor fits of giggles with their tasiness.I had the Toasted Almond dipped in gooey rich Nutella as well as a plain (I'm a pig, sue me!) and both were incredible.
4	Yo Pretzel, Yo Pretzel Yooooo!For realz, Go Pretzel may be my new ish!  Pretzels are one of those things that are hard to mess up, but sometimes it happens.  Too greasy, too doughy, stale.  There's a a secret technique to having a tasty little twisted dough treat.  This place has it down!I couldn't resist the Cinnamon Pretzel (although the toasted almond one will be my next conquest) with sweet glaze.  The pretzel was fantastic.  Cooked perfectly, not too doughy, but had that fresh baked taste.  It had enough sugar to coat all my fingers, which means it was just enough!  The sweet glaze is pretty much cinnamon roll icing.  It tasted a little like icing and was incredibly thick.  I may have dipped my finger in it after I was done with my pretzel. Speaking of the end....of my pretzel.  I was sad when I finished it.  I wanted more, which is the point of having quality products.  They also had a variety of other flavors of pretzels and dipping sauces.  If you're looking for the total lunch package you can get a Pretzel Dog (a pretzel wrapped hot dog) and a dessert pretzel.  Done and done! I'm hooked!
3	I came in here for lunch one day, upon entering the first thing I noticed is that the space is bare: A glass case with about 5-6 different kinds of pretzels, a few plastic containers of dipping sauces, a chalkboard menu, some kids to run the cash register and what seemed to be a manger overseeing the first week or two.The menu is limited, and while I wouldn't call them expensive, I wouldn't call them cheap either. I got a sour cream and onion pretzel and the sweet and hot mustard. The mustard was the same kind you can grab at Franktuary - very tasty, but almost a dollar for what amounts to be not all that much mustard(plenty for a pretzel or two, though!) seems to be a bit much. The whole pair cost me about $4.Since there is nowhere inside to eat, and since it had just started to rain outside after I had entered, my bag got a bit soggy on the way back to work. The pretzel was unharmed, though, and very tasty - fresh, fried perfectly, not too doughy, but soft and chewy. The sour cream and onion powder tasted as you'd expect, and the mustard was definitely welcome.All in all, the place is good, but I hope they experiment a bit more with their flavors or sauces. Since this is owned by the same people as Pittsburgh Popcorn Company, I have high hopes that the menu won't remain static and we'll see something a bit more exciting than jalepeno-cheddar. If you like pretzels and work downtown, it's worth stopping by to grab a snack.
3	I read all the reviews and figured "sure, I'm addicted to carbs, and I'm specially fond of them in the form of soft pretzels ergo let's go."My experienced was a mixed one.  The Salted pretzel was nice and fresh and warm and just yummy.  Some bites required the salt being brushed off but I'm more of a purist with my carbs.  The cinnamon pretzel was indeed fantastic.The only one who I didn't have a big liking when I ate it was the Pretzel-dog.  It was being my palate's liking as far as the saltiness level is concerned.  Perhaps a batch of salty hot dogs or the combination of the pretzel dough and hot dog's own salt.  Regardless, it was still tasty!I'll certainly be returning, as their toasted almost and the pepperonni and cheese looking scrumptious!
3	Just stopped in there this afternoon for the fall pumpkin pretzel.  The space is pretty bare, and they could do a little more with the decor to entice customers.  The service was OK, not rude but also not friendly or welcoming.  The choices are limited to 5 flavors plus the special of the day which happened to be pumpkin.  I thought the pumpkin pretzel could have had more pumpkin flavor to it.  It tasted like a cinnamon sugar pretzel.  It was tasty though, so I won't knock them too much for that.  I'll probably be back, if they offer some more interesting flavors.
3	Went in again and tried two different kinds!  The Cheese&Pepperoni as well as the Toasted Almond were quite scrumptious.  This time around the saltiness and sweetness levels enhanced the already delicious dough.  I do feel like a blimp since I ate them pretty fast, haha, but this is definitely one of my favorite random snack slash random lunch venues from now on.
2	Boo!  Bring on the Auntie Anne's b/c I was sorely disappointed in my recent pretzel purchase.  I got the pumpkin pretzel, which doesn't even taste nor smell like pumpkin anything.  It was just a sugared dough int he shape of a knot...let's not even call them pretzels.  So this knot was warm and sweet which is good, but didn't taste anything like what I was expecting...ummm...pumpkin.  And well I'm all about sugary dough knots - what's the point of calling it pumpkin, just call it "sugar with some other odd flavors that taste nothing like pumpkin".  Are you wondering about the "odd" flavors, well let me tell you what I was experiencing at random bites of the knot - there were salty parts.  I'm assuming Mr. wrongly identified Pumpkin Pretzel was rubbing against Mr. Salt Pretzel a bit too much.  Well that just rubbed me the wrong way.  And then there would be these lemonesque bites and when looking around I don't recall seeing a Mr. Lemon Pretzel, so I can only assume it was Mr. Clean or Mr. Lysol that were used on the trays which were soaked through Mr. I'm really not a Pumpkin Pretzel.  Well this made me a Mrs. Not so Happy Consumer.  You get the point!While I will admit the traditional salt pretzel looked good and while I may not be dashing like a lightning bolt back to this place any time soon, if I do, I'll likely get the salt.  Or maybe I'll just head over to the mall and go over to my Auntie Anne's - she's always reliable.
2	Friday at 11:45am ... out of Regular Salted Pretzels.... I cried a little.
4	My hubby and I went here for a suprise lunch date on a budget. Yummy oh so very yummy.  The location is perfect, it's directly on the route from bus stop to work. I had a pizza pretzel, it was topped with pepperoni and cheese, the pretzel was very soft, and tasty.  The menu selections were pretty slim,  I think less than 10 offerrings.  But as alot of my most admires chefs would say, smaller menu and fresher ingredients is always a winning business strategry.  I hope Go Pretzel does well!!!
5	Decided that a warm soft pretzel would be the perfect accompaniment for a hot bowl of soup on a cold day.  So glad I stopped in.  The warm cheddar and jalapeno pretzel was delicious.  Big and more flakey than dense, it was just delicious!  I really liked the flavor of the dough as well.  Really nice, sweet flavoring.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying the almond pretzel it looked divine!
3	I stopped by one day to cash in my Living Social deal worth $15.  When I saw the box of 6 option for $16.50, I went with that.  I don't like having to make choices and this made things much easier.  I was overall impressed with my choices.  I went with the hot dog pretzel, pepperoni and cheese, original, toasted almonds, cinnamon sugar and garlic parm.  Hot dog pretzels are genius in my opinion, so of course I enjoyed that one.  The toasted almonds was okay.  Cinnamon sugar was what I expected.  The garlic parm, the current special, was tasty.  The original was good, especially with some Nutella (that I added at home so I wouldn't have to pay the 80 cents for a small cup).  The pepperoni and cheese was good with some marinara sauce (also from home).Service was friendly.  My questions were answered when I asked about specials and different options.  I'd like to see them add pretzel sandwiches to the mix and maybe offer discounts on specials or lower prices on the original.  Next time I walk by, I'll likely stop in to see what's new.
4	When I bring my lunch and need a little something extra I find it hard to resist Go Pretzel.  Though I have yet to be able to get any other pretzel than the jalapeno cheddar.  Great flavor.Pretzels like bagels are often attempted, usually decent, but rarely done to perfection.Go Pretzel gets pretty close to perfection.  Chewy, crispy, good flavor.  Staff is always friendly and like I had said it's hard to resist a quality pretzel.
4	Good pretzels. We shared a few varieties. All were very good. Standard pretzel was nice and still warm, cinnamon sugar was oh so sweet, even enjoyed the pepperoni pretzel.
