4	i love savers. you can find magazines for 29 cents and if you buy 4 you get one free. i'm a collector so i look for anything. i have found kathy purses for 4 dollars, the fun is in the looking. its clean, organized, and doesnt sell junk. if you bring in a donation, you get a coupon for 20 percent off of a purchase and can be used the same day. i say look there first if you're truly interested in getting deals.
2	Not bad compared to some of the others in the area but its still small and way overpriced.If you are a big guy they have NOTHING over 1XL. If you are a kid they don't have jack for toys. But they have lots of stuff to scour through.They don't have any of the NEW merchandise like at other locations but if you look hard enough you can find something you like.I found a sweet bracelet for $3! Score!
4	This Savers was truly legit. Get there early if you want a shopping cart! They line up outside at 8:30am on Mondays ($0.99 yellow tag day!). Great book section, found some true gems in the Womens clothing, and the staff is very nice and friendly. Thank you again Savers!
3	Listen, there's no way a used goods store could ever achieve 5 stars, sorry, but the stuff is USED! I would say that on a used goods scale, a set of 3 stars is pretty close to fantastic. There is nothing wrong with recycled clothing, and smart people recognize this. From work pants to Halloween Costumes, this place has it all. I've purchased awesome clutch bags, hardly warn NAME BRAND boots, and crappy photos with cool frames that I've turned into a high-fashion design elements for my apartment. Where else can you purchase 15 items and spend $25??? It's good people, let down your snob-guard and give it a whirl! No one has to know where you got it and how much you spent ;)
2	I don't like this one either. Came here twice but didn't find a thing each time. Also, the last time, a druggie lady with her druggie friends stole a bunch of things- she was carrying a huge tote bag. One of the employees tried to stop them but they just drove off. Like all Savers, it is well-organized, but the selection is just bad.
4	This Savers is big.  They beat out the local Goodwill and Salvation Army with amount (and quality) of clothing.  Their clothes are well organized (color sorted and organized in well labeled isles that are easy to maneuver around), and I find the most contemporary clothes here.  This is the place to find clothing useful for both Halloween and daily life, they have it all (except they were surprising deficient in ugly men's sweaters)...  Prices are sometimes on the high side (really, $12 for a used shirt?) but the price range varies, and they have daily specials where certain color tagged items will generally be 50% off, which can entice you to leave the store with items you normally would have (and probably should have) left.  Their furniture section is pretty sparse, and the kitchen items are relatively plentiful, but generally useless or often somewhat broken.  Expect to do a bit of fixer-upping.  However, for clothes, if you're looking for something specific I think its your best thrift-store bet.
3	I have been shopping Savers for years.  I always bring my Mom and Sister to Savers when they come visit from out of state.  We have been known to spend 3-4 hours since we have to go down each aisle.  I love books especially children's books.  The selection is awesome.  I was having a Olivia the Pig birthday party for my daughter and we found 10 softcovered Olivia books for .69 cents each with buy 4 and get one free.  So, I had some party favors the kids would really enjoy.  You never know what you are going to find.  I have gotten some really nice name brand clothes for my daughter.  Also, there is a really great selection of purses too.  I like how everything is organized and color coded where you can get some extra savings depending on the color.  Also, 20% off on Wednesday for senior citizens too.  It is worth checking out.
4	I literally used to come here every Monday but had to stop once I ran out of closet space. I have never once left empty handed at this store and believe me, I am pretty picky when it comes to clothes. It is a thrift store so it is always a hit-or-miss when looking for brand names but you can find some very expensive brands dirt cheap here. I once bought a BCBG dress for less than $10 here, among other awesome deals.Savers gives discounts on certain items every week if that item happens to have a price tag of a certain "color". Every price tag is color coded as either blue, green, purple, silver, yellow, etc. Every week Savers chooses one lucky color and any item with that color tag will be 50% off! If there are any left over tags of that color come next week (Monday) then those tags will be marked down even futher to theprice of 99cents, PLUS they will run a new 50% color tagged that day as well so you have two chances to save on the same day without having to cut coupons or wait for annual sales. They have a Savers club to sign up with that will offer you additional chances to save money. The prices are already cheap without any discounts but if you still were iffy about prices, I highly recommend taking advantage of all these additional ways to save.
3	One of the more organized thrift stores I've been to. The accessories wall (yes, a whole wall of purses/belts/scarves/jewelry/etc.) is worth a trip. As far as prices... most thrift stores have higher quality items at higher prices, the rest at lower sticker prices; however, here most items in the same category are the same price. This makes some things seem over priced. They donate to Safe Nest though, so it's all good.
3	Compared to the other two thrift stores in this area; Savers is well organized and clean. Although they color coordinate their clothes, they are still more expensive than their competitors. When in search for Halloween costumes, they have an area dedicated to the holiday. Located at the front, there are some wigs and some generic costumes. The aisles are big and easy to navigate through. I tend to never find the good deals here, but you need quite some time to browse and I am too impatient for that.
5	Love this store! So clean and organized. Have loads of great stuff for cheap.
2	This place used to be fun and have a lot, now they don't. I used to buy tons of stuff on .99 cent day and now nothing... I walked out on Monday spending a mere 1.50 for a used tank top that was 1/2 off. I heard the clerk whisper to another customer ' they took them all".. which obviously meant the sale tags because there were NONE, all the color that was supposed to be on sale were taken in the back and retagged or sold someplace else.. Lord knows what they do with it.. but it seems really sleazy to do that. Tell people it's .99 cent day and then leave only a few stained faded glory T -shirts on the floor at sale price while taking the rest out back. Another clerk told me awhile ago they were doing this. I think people have caught on too because the line was a lot smaller than it was awhile ago when I was going every week. I notice some racks are bare and I noticed the dress section is lousy , now it seems they only put out junk, if you find something nice its overpriced or simply something they missed.  That being said there is stuff to find, you just have to cross your fingers and be patient you can find some goodies but it's a lot more work than it ever was.
2	Quick Summary: Savers sucks. I don't understand why people like this place. It's very overpriced. I've been in and out of this location several times and even with a family group who loves to go thrift store shopping we've maybe found $20 worth of stuff to buy in here. And 1/4 of that was two aluminum water bottles I found. Customer service? I'm laughing at myself for even mentioning it. Hey, at least they have plenty of parking! And you can always walk over to Colleen's consignment shop a couple of doors down to make the most of your trip here. Otherwise looking for another thrift store somewhere else might be a good idea.
3	Sometimes I find something worthwhile here, but lately it just hasn't happened.  It seems like the prices are going up.  You really have to keep in mind that something might not be worth $7.99 if it was probably $5 at Walmart before it made its way to Savers.  If you don't have an editing eye for brands, this place will absolutely, positively take you for your money.  Also, many garments are stained, pilled, or ripped.  Even if you find something that might be a nice brand, you have to check very carefully to make sure it still has some "life" in it.  Overall, this is my favorite Savers location... but I'm not a huge Savers fan.
5	This has got to be the best discovery ever, sometimes the selection can be sparse as it is picked through, but OMG I bought 250 worth of cloths for $20, these are designer labels too.i think my problem will be quickly filling up my closet space.I don't make a tone of money, but the cloths I buy there you would think I'm rolling in dough.This place is awesome!
2	I've never been a thrift shopper but since renting a house here to get a feel for the neighborhoods, I've taken to refinishing and repurposing things for inexpensive decor around the house.  I've made some pretty awesome finds here but have also come to realize that it can be pricey for a thrift store.  I've seen things at Savers that I know for a fact were cheaper when they were brand new!  For example, dollar store serving platters priced at 3 bucks.  Also, I've noticed the store kind of has a funky smell.  I'm running out of steam with the whole "thrifting" thing but if I get into it again I'm sure I'll be back here.
4	If you are looking for an ugly sweater for the ugly sweater Christmas party, you are bound to find them here for sure.  It's too funny how some of these still exist. I was expecting to hold my breath to avoid the funky air smell in stores like these.  On this visit though I was surprised that this thrift store was pretty clean and didnt have that musty smell when you walk in.  All the merchandise was cleaned up.  If you are looking for something in particular you dont have to dig your way through. Merchandise is organized categorized into sections. The clothes are sized and even sectioned off down into seasons. Don't expect to find the latest trends in fashion though, alot, about 80% of the stuff are so 3 years ago and beyond. Lots of rows of clothes to pour over though.  My good find was a vintage Levi jacket in great condition for $7!   The housewares section had alot of funky junk. Even in fair condition was a little overpriced for being used. I cant justify paying full retail price for holiday placemats when you can probably find them 3 doors down at Big Lots and it's brand new. The store is a good place to find and repurpose items for cheap. I got creative and bought this hideous party dress for five bucks,cut out the crystal appliques out of it and used them. If I had gone to the craft or fabric stores, they would've cost me at least $5 a piece.  So this place is cool for what it is. It serves it's purpose for me.
2	They no longer have 99 cent day. Now there is a a savers club card you can get and on certain sale days ( usually Thursday ) you can get a discount on some items.
3	I am thrift store junky and love searching for a good deal. This location is just like the rest. Most times it is organized and clean. You can find a good deal, you just have to be willing to shop and explore.  I can often find Lane Bryant pants in excellent condition for $10 or less. For those that are consumers of Lane Bryant, know that this is a steal.The toddler section here seems to be better than other locations. I can often find steals of bargains in the boys toddlers clothes.Customer service here is not a steady or guaranteed thing. I guess it just comes down to who is working that day.
4	I love going to thrift stores, and Savers fits right in. The store is well organized. Prices are reasonable. The lady at the register informed me when they get donations, they will pull the clothes that are sellable and put them on the floor, and the ones that are  wearable and may not be sellable are sent to third world countries. I'm all about closing the loop and think that's awesome! Nothing gets thrown away. I also love a good deal. The thing many people don't like about thrift stores is that they have to actually look to get a good deal. They think it's going to pop out at them. That's the best part. I love looking and seeing things from my childhood and taking a trip down memory lane: cassette tapes, Walkmans, patterns, movies, books, etc. While walking around I'll think "hey, I remember when..." Plus, if I find something, that's even better.
4	Savers is getting better at pricing, and this store is a good example. Savers used to turn me off as I would see dress shirts for $19.99 and T shirts for $5.99-$7.99! For a TEE SHIRT?!. No way. Once I saw a new dress shirt (Kenneth Cole Reaction, not a  great brand) with the manufacturer tags still attached, and Savers marked it $29.99. I kid you not. I can get it new at an outlet for less. This thrift store aficionado almost tracked down a manager and demanded an explanation. By since I have too much class, I just took mental notes and continued on looking for a deal. I'm not a complainer, I just won't come back.Now Savers has gotten better at pricing and I appreciate that, but $2.99 for Cds is still too much, especially for CD singles that only have one song. This particular Savers is good, clean and well organized. On my last visit I noticed it was a bit sparse in merchandise. Furniture is never that great at Savers. Maybe it sells quickly, but I never see anything of value. Here books and Cd's are in ample supply as are shoes. I recommend going on Mondays as all items are 25% off. That adds up if you find some good deals. To me it is better to shop on a quiet Monday with no crowds or lines for the dressing room than go on a 50% off day and fight the insane masses and then wait forever to check out. The stuff is pretty cheap anyway, so 25% vs 50% is not that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things.On my last visit I found a Lanvin (!) dress shirt that retails for $315 at Neiman Marcus for $6. I kid you not. Only flaw was Savers pierced it right through the middle of the back of the shirt with the tag. UGH!. Ok, I got a killer deal, but I wish they were more careful about how they stick the fabric gun into clothing. I also found a pair of nice Cole Haan shoes for $12, a super cool Pat Benetar concert shirt for $3 and a very nice Penguin polo in like new condition for a mere $3. I also found a beautiful Zegna suit, that fit me perfectly for $29.99 but the outside coat pocket was badly ripped. It would have cost me at least $30 to have it repaired and I am not sure how it would have looked. Still $30 for a $1000 suit?! a deal is a deal. I showed the cashier who made no attempted to discount it further. I could have asked but I really don't need another suit. so as hard as it was, I let it go. Over a great store. There is also a Salvation Army, a TJ Max and a Goodwill in the intersection close by. You can easily spend a whole afternoon in this part of town.
4	I love the deals  you can find here! my favorite sections are the dress shirts and ties. I want to pull a macklemore and come here on the daily to look fly. great place for cheap fly shirts.
4	Here is the thing, I have lost a lot of weight in the last year and I am still working on it.  Therefore, I am not interested in spending too much money on clothes.  With safety pins in my work pants, it was getting pretty ridiculous.  Savers to the rescue!  Now, you have to be ready to spend some time there, carefully going through what they have.  But you won't be disappointed.  I recently purchased four pairs of pants, two skirts, a pair of jeans, a cotton shirt, and a pair of shoes for $60.  I have clothes that fit!  And when I drop another dress size, I won't feel bad about donating this items to Safe Nest, which will put them back to Savers and give a few bucks to Safe Nest.  Recycle,  fundraise, and wear nice clothes.   I dig Savers!
5	My favorite Savers.  Usually find popular brand clothing at more affordable prices than the rest.  I don't feel as ripped off as the rest.  I have never noticed staff talking about their personal lives as they are usually occupied with work.
5	Always clean and neat. Staff is friendly every time! Been coming here since they opened.
4	I have been a thrift store junkie for most of my adult life. This location was the first savers that I had been too, since I mostly shopped at goodwill. I don't think I'll go back to goodwill. The prices are about the same and there is usually a wider selection of thongs to choose from Not only that, but the store is organized so you don't have to guess where things are. I've never been disappointed when shopping here. The staff is nice and I have been given a discount once for an extremely long checkout wait time. I also like the fact that you get 20% off your purchase if you donate something. Definitely worth a check out if you are in the area and like thrifting. The only thing that kinda sucks is that there is usually a line to try on clothes.
4	This is always my go-to Savers. It's the cleanest one in the valley, and usually pretty organized. Very open space.
5	I came here once I knew it was next to BIG LOTS, what a convenient location! If you make a donation they give you a 20% off coupon and they have daily sales, not to mention the prices are already extremely low. I must compliment their customer service as well, they were all very helpful, which is something you don't see every day. I left happier than when I went in, and I'm a very happy person anyway :)
3	This is not my usual Savers location because it's 20 miles from my house, but I was in here a few weeks ago because I was working near by. The selection was more mainstream than I like but the area in which this Savers sets itself far above the others is in customer service. Yep, that's right. These are by far THE nicest Savers employees you will ever find. I was in here for the last 90 minutes of their 50% off everything day & was treated better than I have been at 11:30 on a Tuesday in the Westside stores. Bravo to the team here. -they're the reason I will make a point to try the shopping again, next time I'm in the area. -I will update my stars if their selection is better next time.
4	Love this place .. great to clean out your closet and drop off and then browse for new stuff... i come accross name brands all the time.. sunday shopping is my best time of deals.. workers are always so friendly and there to help you...
2	Not that great of a place. There is a large collection of books when you walk in, but the rest of the store isn't that great. For such a large space I would think there would be more furniture or large pieces to look at. Proably won't shop here.I much rather shop at "Castaways" on Stephanie street or "The Giving Store" (not on yelp :/) on Lake Mead Parkway in the same parking lot as Wal-Mart. Nicer staff at both places, small but better. It seems like the bigger the store the less it gets taken care of.
5	For whatever reason the Savers here in Henderson has the best selection of clothing, books, etc.  Not only is the quality of clothing better but the prices are lower than the other Savers locations.  Here they don't up the cost just because the label bears one of the brand names you'd find laughably overpriced at the mall      Besides, where else can you buy the entire library of Bill Cosby recordings on vinyl?  They also have many, many good vinyl LPs lining the shelves.
2	For a thrifting store there is a lot of selection here. However I've gone to browse a couple of times and barely found anything. Also I would not buy any of their new Halloween supplies and accessories because it is a rip off. They sold wigs, makeup, fake teeth, etc. but walmart sold the same thing a couple of dollars cheaper. I guess it's just the atmosphere of being in a thrift store that makes one believe they are getting a good deal.
5	I do not usually frequent thift stores but needed some used books for a trip.Found out that this store donates to Safe Nest which put it on my list to stop in on occasion. Clean selection, nice help and obviously good prices. Stop in, good cause!
