4	If you're looking for a place to stay when visiting Carowinds, and the area, this place is perfect.I stay here when I'm making a weekend at the amusement park that is literally right across the street! (unfortunately on the opposite side of the parking lot entrance). This place offers a AAA and a park pass holder discount. It makes the rooms incredibly affordable!They have a decent continental breakfast. Nothing spectacular and really warm, but hey the coffee's good.Bonus! They have a shuttle service to and from the park if you don't want to drive/pay for parking if you don't have a pass.
4	Four stories, interior entrances, elevator, exercise room, outdoor pool.This is an older property that seems to have been recently remodeled.  My room was poolside, which includes a sliding glass door opening to the pool area.  Wifi signal was strong, king bed was comfortable.  Plenty of electrical outlets for all the gizmos we travel with these days.  The room had a HD TV set, but there were problems with the reception of several channels.  The lower tier channels all came in snowy.  The HD stations that worked came in sharp, but many of the stations the room card had as available were coming up as "no signal".  Bathroom is a small room, but plenty of hot water and water pressure.Nice selection of foods in the free breakfast buffet.If you plan to go to Carowinds, this would be an excellent hotel to consider as the park is just across the road.
4	we stayed here while visiting Carowinds amusement park, and I found this place rather comfortable, and a nice place to stay.  it was easy to fall asleep on the comfortable beds, and I woke up to a rather decent continental breakfast.The amusement park is right across the street, however you still have to walk a little bit to get to the entrance. but think of it this way after that long walk you have a nice comfy bed to climb into.  there isn't much around it as far as things to do, but there are a few restaurants..
3	I stayed at the Comfort Inn in Fort Mill, SC. It was an upgrade to the surrounding Hotel/Motels. Being a food lover, the free breakfast was a plus even thou there are others places to eat breakfast within walking distance. They only had one issue, the Treadmill in the gym was broke the whole 6 days of being here. I wanted to get my walk on and shed some of the holiday weight gain. I would stay here again. Rooms were clean, flat screen TV, free wireless internet. And what a beautiful view.
4	I booked this hotel on Expedia at a great rate for one night while passing through. I was actually pretty impressed with it! Carowinds amusement park is right across the street. The hotel was clean and well kept. It didn't feel run down like the last 2.5 star I stayed at. Check in went smoothly. The people at the desk were very friendly. I stayed on the 3rd floor. The room had two queen beds, a low dresser with flat screen tv, and a mini fridge & microwave. The bathroom is on the smaller side but had a decent amount of counter space. The free wi-fi was easy to connect to and speeds were good. My only complaint about the room... the wall mounted heating/cooling unit was pretty loud.The continental breakfast (6:30-9:30 am) was one of the better ones I have seen. They had cold cereals, instant oatmeal & grits, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, eggs, sausage, a good selection of breads & pastries, fresh fruit, a waffle making station, and, of course, juice & coffee.Added bonus: There is a Wendy's across the parking lot in case the late night craving for a Frosty strikes... Yes, the thought crossed my mind!
3	This hotel was priced very reasonable.  Partly due to the fact that it is across the street from Carowinds Amusement Park and they are closed for the season.  From the outside, it is a comfortable looking chain establishment.  Nothing flashy or showy but what I would have expected.  Inside was very clean and we laid out.  There is a small office area leather couches and a large spacious dining area with free breakfast each morning (eggs, bacon, sausage, yogurt, breads, waffles coffee, tea, cereal).The room was very clean with a small refrigerator, microwave, flat screen TV, iron, coffee maker and a safe.  The pillows were square and a little small.  The towels and toilet paper was a little on the thin side.  The soaps were generic but fine.Overall, it was a good comfortable night stay.The Wi-Fi is free but very spotty.  It went in and out most of the time I tried to use it.
4	It's was clean. Needed some cosmetic maintenance. Loud air conditioner. Warm hallways. Good breakfast. Comfortable beds. Nice staff. Great location for a Carowinds visit. Walking distance from the gate. Next door to an amazing liquor store! Pizza delivery and 7/11 also walking distance. So the location is the best. Parking lot had big potholes.     But I would stay here again. :)
1	I booked this hotel on Hotwire and what a bust.  First, the area is sketchy at best.  I couldn't even take my dog out to use the bathroom without being hit on or asked for money.  The hotel is very noisy because the walls are paper thin.  They do although pets with a $25 pet fee but that is the only redeeming quality about this place.  Although it is close to Carowinds I would never stay here with my children.  If you are thinking about staying here I would reconsider.
1	Stinky, black mold on peeling wall paper, peeling gross paint all over hotel room door. Scary place.
