2	Very long wait (I get it, you're new). It seems like drive thru staff at window don't pay attention. They tried to send me on my way without giving me half my order. I ordered an iced mocha that came completely unstirred. What I ended up with was a mouthful of chocolate syrup, because the milk/espresso was all on top, with a pile of chocolate on the bottom. What drive thru DOESN'T STIR DRINKS? (Yeah, that's what we want to do, open a drink, in our car, and try to stir chocolate syrup into a cold beverage...)The sandwich was good, though VERY small compared to places like wildflower bread Co., and paradise bakery. Also, the tuna to mayo/dressing ratio seems to be off. I feel like I got a sandwich that was mostly mayo. I don't think I'll return for that. All in all, 11 bucks (after tax) for a coffee drink and a sandwich. That price seems high, for what I received, after a verrrrrry loooonnnnggg wait. I think I would rather go elsewhere.
2	It took forever to get through the line and then to order.  My favorite sandwich is the bacon turkey bravo and my favorite soup is the broccoli cheddar.  When my food was delivered to my table the soup wasnt very warm.  Panera Bread makes me miss Paradise Bakery.  I am accustomed to getting a cookie with my meal but not here at Panera Bread.  Their whole process just seemed very slow and maybe it's because it's a new location with new employees.
1	Just opened and they still need to improve.   Came here on a Sat. late morning and they did not have clam chowder nor garden veggie soup ready.  Decided to get the chicken noodle and came out luke warm.  I'll probably give it another try in a a year or so when they can figure out how do do it right like Paradise.
1	Tried to eat here for Mother's Day. Got the fact that it is a holiday weekend, but come on, 30 mins to wait for your meal at a bakery?? We left. And saw many others leave as well. Lots of $$s to lose. I have been to Panera's across the country. They are very good. This facility is letting down the entire company.
1	This may not be a fair review, because I did not stay to eat. My review though, is based on the fact that this place is the exact same as Paradise Bakery. Not even the baked goods were different from Paradise. Same cookies, etc. I'm sorry, but are we sheep? Slap a new name on the items? I don't care for Paradise Bakery as it was. Panera USED to be much better, imo. I was at least hopeful to still get some of my favorite Panera baked goods. I truly hope it's just because they just opened.
1	I've been at least 6 times in past 2 weeks. Drive through wait is extremely long. Food is always prepared differently (one day the flat bread is good the next day it's not) it's never consistent. I understand they're new but it's not a good way to start the business. I usually love this place but the more I go to this one the less I like it. They need to step it up, before they have one less costumer.
1	We ordered a half Greek salad, a grilled chicken Caesar salad and a kid's mac and cheese. The salads were mostly wilted, browning yellow lettuce. The kid's mac and cheese was barely warm in the center, almost like it was warmed up and left out until someone ordered it. We had to reheat it when we brought it home. The drive-thru is not fast by any means. I don't expect it to be like a fast food drive-thru, but it almost seemed like it would've been better to go inside. The person taking the orders asked if we wanted anything to drink but failed to tell us the drink options when we asked (the menu just has "soft drink" listed). This was very disappointing.
2	I was so excited to see a Panera was opening next to my house having gone to them a lot in Colorado when I lived there and also in Oregon.  Unfortunately this one is not even close to as good as other ones I have been too.  I haven't been to one in 2 years, so I don't know if this one is just bad or if Panera in general went downhill.  In all other experiences, they give you a nice size piece of sour dough bread with every order, this one they give you some cheap dinner roll.  Very limited on the types of bread with the sandwiches, wish you could mix and match the sandwich type with the kind of bread you want on it.  Overall the food quality is not anywhere near what I had in the past at Panera Bread.  I keep going back trying to find something I like and finally realized this place just isn't very good.
1	I ordered a half sandwich abd a bowl of soup.  The sandwich was a beef sandwich.  We sat down and my lunch was brought to me, ok, the sandwich was barely a sandwich, the portion of meathad to have been for a child of 2 yrs, I went up to the sandwich counter and asked if this was correct in size, the girl behind the counter stated that it was, that as Panera, they are only allowed to use the pre portions.  As I ate my sandwich I noticed a odd taste, I thought that it tasted like horse radish, I went to the front counter to read the cluttered menu board to see if it was there, no, it wasn't I asked four the manager, a young lady asked if I had a problem, I shared that if they are going to put horse radish on a sandwich they should show that and not make it a surprise, I Hate Horse Radish.  The bun for my sandwich was so big that it weighed three time what the meat did.  She says thanks and stuff she would look in to it.The staff is so young that you aren't sure who is in charge.I will not go back,  please bring back, paradise bakery.
1	Wow. My soul hurts. I miss the Paradise. From the half-hearted attempt at beautifying prepackaged food to the complete abandonment of functionality, this place is a step below the corner QuikTrip. No ice. No clean tables. No available highchairs. Table service from a Walker straight out of your favorite post-apocalyptic cable drama.The macaroni is made-to-order out of an envelope. The salad materials look like they were prepared by a tool from the 'As Seen On TV' store. The chicken, when it was fresh, was part of a juggling act, it seems. And all of this is served at your table by a girl who can only be described as walking through life as though she were in locked-in syndrome, mobile but trapped in her own living hell.What about the layout, you ask? Well, I'll tell you. If you want to walk in the most logical door, you end up sidestepping around people's table in the tiny dining room. Then you arrive at the counter, where queuing theory is more like chaos theory. Once you place your order, you go sit down. Then you get back up and push your way into a little corner right next to where the food is served. Maybe you get to the fountains, maybe not. Then you push your way back out of the throng and shuffle around more cramped tables until you sit at one of the 2 clean tables and crunch white salad, tasteless cold cuts and bland bread.Did you ever make it out to Paradise? Over by Grimaldi's and the excellent greek place, Cyprus Grill? Yeah, well that was pretty good food, and a nice, relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. This place, however, makes me want to spit bile. It would taste better than what they are serving.
1	So after getting horrible service the first time around I told myself I wouldn'tcome back here until they can figure out how to get their stuff together.  So I lied and decided to come back here because it was on my way to work and I was hungry for a bagel and cream cheese.  I ended up getting my bagel to-go so I can chow it down at work.  After spreading the cream cheese on took a bite into it I tasted something awkward in my mouth.  I pulled it out and found about 2 inches of a piece of plastic in the bagel!!!!!  I ended up throwing it away and was starving the whole morning.  So I will definitely NOT come back here EVER again!!!  This place needs to close down and figure this 'restaurant' business before it opens to the public!
1	They should rename this place, "please go to kneaders", because that is what we plan to do in the future.  First, my wife gets sick if she eats mayo so we are always pretty clear about no mayo.  Regardless, her sandwich came out with mayo extreme.  We showed them no mayo on the receipt and the staff rolled their eyes before flashing a fake smile to fix it.  Even when done right, the sandwich was bland and corporate.  Everything there is corporate and uniform as if the bread was made by a machine.  My meal included pasta that was clearly reheated in a microwave.  Yuck.  Also, this is more expensive than Kneaders or other bread companies in the space.  So I would only eat here if you wanted microwaved pasta, mass produced bread with no texture, and a long wait for expensive food not made as you ordered.
3	Like everyone else, we REALLY wanted to like this place.Like mostly everyone else, we used to go to Paradise Bakery at Alma School and Queen Creek at least once each week. Have been here 4 times now. Here's the skivy:- if u do go, sit outside on the cute patio, enjoy the yummy baked goods and coffee house music and have a regular cup of coffee.- the above is actually a great experienceIf u decide to eat inside, u will be there with folks with oxygen tanks and families with crying babies...and the inside decor reminds us of a Residence Inn or Denny's...ok but not cool.If u order a latte it will be better than Paradise but not even close to as good as Starbucks...just get a regular cup of coffee or go somewhere else.I go to Starbucks EVERY weekday...tried coming here but frankly I miss the ultra friendly, cool, professional guys at Starbucks....so back to Starbucks .So if u want to bike over and enjoy the cool patio experience with coffee/orange scone, go for it...it's fun. Otherwise, u have lots of better options.
3	A few observations...- They have a drive thru.  When I went the drive thru was packed.  I don't get the drive thru.- The building was built from the ground up.  The patio is on the west side of the building.  Who does that?  How do you not put it on the east side?- The place seems oddly small.I ordered the onion soup and cobb salad.  Soup was good but was not especially hot.  The cobb salad was good but the dressing (vinaigrette...I wanted blue cheese but they don't have it) had that odd preservative after taste to it.  Could have done without the after taste.Not sure I'd go back as there are other similar establishments that I like more.
2	Came here for the first time today, never been... so I figured I'd give it a try. Ordered a breakfast power sandwich(ham, eggs, and cheese on multi grain), no cheese and a coffee. It came out with cheese, risking being uncomfortable for the next few hours from eating the dairy(lactose intolerant) I ate it anyways. Ate it cause I don't like sending food back, am fearful of what may happen to it after sending it back.  Sandwich was good but nothing special. Checked my receipt, cashier did not put on the ticket "no cheese", so definitely not the kitchen's fault. Nothing special or spectacular here, but an alternative to paradise bakery.
1	Went through the drive thru on my lunch break. Only a few cars but the parking lot was packed! Maybe because it's new...? Definitely not because it's good. Ordered a chicken Cobb salad with avocado and an iced tea. For $12 it was a little pricey. Drink is small and salad is probably an average size. I'm a little bit of an iced tea snob and I didn't like it, I don't think it was powdered but just didn't like the kind they brewed. I didn't get the salad I ordered. That's annoying to me especially in a drive thru- at lunch. I drive off thinking I get the right one and I don't have time on my lunch break to go fix it. They need to get it right. Also, they gave me a bread roll. The roll was just floating around in the bag. Not in anything, no butter, nothing. I found that very strange.The drive thru girl was not nice or friendly to top it all off.  Will I go back? No. Will I pick Kneaders over Panera? EVERY TIME.
1	This place is a waste of space. I've been here twice now and I'm officially not ever going back. This mornings experience pushed me over the edge.I ordered an egg sandwich, blueberry muffin, and iced triple latte through the drive thru. I get to the window, she hands me my food and a HOT latte... Not a big deal, I tell her I ordered iced and she goes back to fix it. 5 minutes later she comes back and I notice it has foam on the top... She goes "oh that's just the foam from the milk when it was hot" hahaha I look at her and I say "did you seriously just pour a hot latte over ice and try to give it to me?!" She rolls her eyes, goes back and tells me "okay we will remake it" Are you kidding me?? How lazy can you be?? Not only that, when you heat milk up to 160 degrees and then pour it over ice, you're now risking bacteria being formed... Unbelievable. $4.50 for that experience and a gross subpar latte?! No thanks. Then I get home to eat my food (I live ONE street down btw) and it's soggy, gross, and falling apart. And the blueberry muffin is the WORST muffin I've had in my life.. It tastes like straight grease. NEVER going back here. I'd rather eat Starbucks breakfast and lunch for less money... How sad is that?Don't waste your time & money.
1	TERRIBLE. AWEFUL... ordered a pasta dish and watched it get cut out of a plastic envelope through the drive through window. Child meal didn't come with a drink?!?! My salad was thrown into the box. The dressing size was about a tablespoon for a large salad. My Greek salad with chicken also had the ends of the lettuce head.. GROSS. My husband had to GO BACK because his 'small' was more like a child size, or a side to a meal. PATHETIC. The hibiscus tea tasted like it came from a package. The rolls were not even in a small paper package, just put in the bag unwrapped. Disappointed, will NEVER go back there!! What happened to Paradise bakery?!?! BRING THOSE BACK!!! AWEFUL FOOD HERE!
1	I live at Panera in Orlando Fl. I got the pick 2 as usual.. Asian chicken and chicken noodle soup. First of all they don't have sour dough bread here just plain rolls (yuk) and the lettuce was old I have to pick though to get a decent bite and the soup was luke warm. Very disappointed. The only  nice thing about this place was the friendly workers.  Not worth the drive here
5	If you like Paradise Bakery then you'll love Panera...I mean...they're pretty much the same establishment!My mom and I visited this location on a Monday morning for breakfast. The service was great! Everyone was friendly and made menu recommendations. We ordered breakfast sandwiches and a scone. Their fresh drink choices are just okay. I wish they had the Mango Iced Tea that Paradise has.The restaurant was clean and there were a lot of people there enjoying themselves. I'm pretty sure this place is relatively new; therefore, they probably needed sometime to get into their rhythm. However, I'm still surprised by the amount of negative comments. I love that their restaurant is making a shift to use more non-GMO and organic items. This is a huge plus. I will definitely be going back!
1	First time ever at a Panera Bread and I will never be coming back, at least not to this location. Not typically overly critical, but it was almost impossible not to be in this situation. There were at least 6 dirty tables in the restaurant and even after we realized that this place was a "buss your own table" establishment, every bussing station was so full that nothing could be set there! There were stacks, 50 plates high with trash overflowing at every station. Every employee appeared they were under 18, one of the youngins even went outside with a large Pepsi, a dinner roll, and his mini iPod speaker for a break in the middle of the busy lunch hour! The 3 iced teas were not brewed the entire hour we were there, and the diet Pepsi was "out of order" aka the staff didn't feel like changing out the old box and putting in a new one. If all of this wasn't bad enough, there was a giant wet floor sign right in front of the drink station with a pool of water surrounding it the entire time we were in the restaurant. As more people started to filter in and become rightfully pissed off that the beverage station was sub par, napkins weren't available, and there were no clean tables to sit at, the manager appeared from god knows where and we got to listen to her boss around all of the employees for the next several minutes. If the food here was amazing, at least some of these inconveniences may have been excusable but the food was average at best. If you can tolerate all this, then by all means go for Panera! Otherwise, I'd certainly stay away from this what seemed like a chuck-e-cheese type establishment!
1	Being a native of Chicago, I was excited when I found out they were opening a Panera right down the street from my apartment. This Panera was awful though! I went to order my usual, pick 2 of the Asiago Turkey sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup. I was told when ordering that they were out of the usual baguette they typically serve with the soup. Instead, they gave me a really hard roll. Strike one. The food arrives at the table and my girlfriend and I start chowing down. I go to take a bite of my soup and immediately feel something hard and sharp in my mouth. There was a large piece of glass from another soup bowl inside my broccoli cheddar soup! Strike two. We went up to the counter to alert them of the matter. We spoke with the manager and he was apologetic, but said there wasn't much he could do other than offer me another soup. No thanks. We return to our table to find it empty! Yep, an employee cleared our table and our food and drinks were gone. Strike three.I won't be returning anytime soon.
1	Poorly managed. Went in to get a sandwich at 12:25 pm on a Saturday and they had no bread! Maybe they should change their name. Not our first bad experience here. Won't be coming back.
1	Overpriced. Bland food. I was so disappointed. I grew up eating Panera in California and was so excited for this to open but we won't go back. There were no condiments on my husband sandwich, dry bread and it was nothing better than what I would make at home. It was a basic sac lunch. I had the broc soup and bread bowl. What a fail. Tasted like frozen soup, the bowl was hard as a rock. My salad had wilted and brown lettuce. I couldn't even eat it. My kids MAC and cheese was disgusting. I can say it enough if how over priced and disappointing our experience was. If the food was better, we'd be ok with the price  plus we'd eat there all the time and take full advantage of the drive thru.
4	I have been here a few times, and haven't had the issues personally the other reviewers have had.  Maybe it is because I don't get sandwiches here.I personally like the strawberry poppyseed salad.  It is full of fresh fruit which is great for me as I can always use more in my diet.  They have this same salad at Paradise Bakery.  It is the same here for me as it was at Paradise.I like this place more than Paradise personally as I can order at the counter and sit down.  I don't have to wait for them to make my food in a long line of people.The patio here is cute and offers a little shelter and shade.  I enjoy sitting out here in the evening when it isn't too hot out.The staff has always been friendly to me when I have been there.  They are mostly teenagers/early 20s, but I have never had an issue with them, and they have always been very polite and patient with me personally.
1	I have given this location two chances.. They are consistent. . . . Consistently sub par! The first time I went through the drive through and got a kids meal pb&j with an apple. My three and four year old were going to share it while I shopped. When we opened the bag  the apple was whole and the sticker was still on it (so not washed even) and the sand which was uncut as well! Wth! It's for a kid!!!! This time I got a salad and added avocado .. The lettuce had brown spots as did the avocado! So gross. Up your standards!!!! Healthy drive throughs are needed!!
1	NOT a fan of Panera Bread!  We miss Paradise Bakery at Alma School Road and Queen Creek.  Its too bad Panera did not more closely follow Paradise Bakery's business model as they had a very good thing going and were busy ALL the time!  There is a reason for that.At Panera, there is not much flexibility in choosing/making your own salad, the bread choices for sandwiches are not as fresh or delicious, they do not include a cookie with the sandwiches and the decor is very corporate and doesn't feel authentic.   Even miss the mango iced tea and diet Dr. Pepper.  Also, they put chips on your plate and don't offer choices.  On opening day, they ran out of chips and provided buns as a SIDE with their sandwiches.  How could they not have been more prepared??All in all, its just the little things.  I really hope a Wildflower would come down to this area of Chandler as do not plan to visit Panera any time soon.  We will continue to drive up to Paradise Bakery at Ray Rd and the I-10 or the 101.  Hopefully, Panera takes note and starts to make changes, quickly!!
1	I don't understand how a new place could look so... old. It's dirty, shoddy, and the layout is crazy. I've been twice and they've gotten my order wrong both times. This is the only Panera I've ever been to, so I don't know if this is the norm, but I won't be back.
4	I was happy to see a Panera open in my neighborhood because I've been carrying around a My Panera card that I can only use when I go back to St. Louis.  When I did live there Panera was my goto in the winter mainly for some quick, inexpensive comfort food, like a grilled cheese and a nice bowl of soup.  Due to the hot temps here in AZ, I've looked for lighter options.  I've used the drive-thru only at this Panera 4 times and overall have had good experiences.  I've gotten bagels and iced green tea twice and also tried their Mediterranean veggie sandwich and the Roasted Turkey and Avocado BLT.  All have been very fresh and tasty and only one time they forgot the napkins, but I was headed home so it was no big deal.  I feel for them and all the negative reviews.  This is a tough to please neighborhood with an inordinate number of people speeding around in their luxury SUVs acting like they are the only ones on the road, and the only ones in the restaurant.  If you don't cater to them you are in big trouble.  Hopefully this location can get their issues straightened out.  I know from the St. Louis perspective, Panera is a great corporate citizen which does a lot in the community and gives back to many charities that fight hunger.  I don't know if they are doing that here in AZ, but the next time I'm in I'm going to ask.
2	My first thought after dining here was "Jesus, I hope Panera doesn't screw up existing Paradise stores this badly."There's no place to wait in line. The dining room is cramped. The kids working here don't give a damn. And, as another reviewer mentioned, the patio is--for reasons inconceivable to anyone who's even visited Arizona--on the west side of the building. I get that Ocotillo is full of cold-blooded elderly people, but even my nonagenarian iceberg-veined grandfather declared it "too damn hot to sit in the sun."The food was... edible. Soups and salads were actually pretty decent. The sandwiches, most of which are lifted wholesale from Paradise's menu, were not good, with weird, tough, chewy bread, less meat than Paradise, and absolutely no care in their prep. (Including chunks of skin still on my avocado. Appetizing!) Tea was stale, frozen drinks were half-melted before being delivered, service was slow, and nothing came out together.Drive the extra five minutes to Paradise at Germann & Gilbert instead. Better food, better service, and you get a free cookie. Or if you really don't mind a drive, the Paradise at Ray & Price is head and shoulders above both.
1	WHAT? NO RANCH? I was truly flabbergasted when I was told I couldn't have ranch dressing on my salad since they didn't serve it there any more. She said we weren't ever supposed to serve it but we did when we first opened. So I guess no more Panera for me. No big loss sine I've been unhappy with them ever since they replaced the paradise bakery on alma school and queen creek and opened here on az ave. at first I was optimistic even though PB closed a few weeks before they opened Panera which left a three week gap for a quick healthy place to eat. Then the menu at Panera was so limited and the food just so so. But now with no RANCH? Everyone has ranch. So why not Panera? Are they too snobby for ranch?  Oh well. I'll just go a few more miles to Paradise on Gilbert or even better, Kneaders at San Tan Mktplc. They get 5 stars from me!
2	I can't say I wasn't warned. ..The half fuji chicken salad was a puny portion of maybe a .5c of white (not green) lettuce... so small it took half of my small container. How do you jip on the freaking lettuce is beyond me but at least the toppings were proportional to a half salad. My chicken chipotle panini was chewy bread, about the thickness of a credit card. . Maybe trying to heat up the cheese quickly so use of the thinnest, chewy bread?..? The panini had at least decent flavor combinations. The cashier was very nice. .. the place looks nice. Definitely feel like they're making Paradise Bakery look bad. ..i wasn't in love with Paradise but at least they were decent on salad portions and ratios. Bummer... close to my hood but not likely part of my repertoire.
1	Last time I ever come here, I was so excited when they opened up but nine out of 10 times you come they're out of one thing or another.  Today is dinner rolls last time dinner rolls two times before that dinner rolls.  Reason to go to Panera bread is for the bread when you're out of bread what sense does that even make to come.
2	Seriously...you are out of whole wheat baguettes and then give me a bowl of chicken noodle soup with 2 noodles and all broth (really, not kidding!) ?!?! If I hadn't already been at home, I would've gone back for a refund. Maybe it's time to move on from Panera...especially in a city where there are many other choices and locally owned delis. Even at other locations, I have found Panera's quality has gone downhill while their prices have increased.
3	I am going to say this first --- if you're disappointed with your salad portions or your liquid frozen drink TAKE IT BACK AND HAVE IT REMADE.  Criminy, haven't any of you ever worked in food service?!  Okay, it is possible you have not but i can bet you eat out often enough and by now you should be able to approach the staff and ask for a fix or do over.  Did you make it all the way home and your order is wrong?  Then call them on it -you've got a receipt.  Majority of businesses will apologize AND they'll make it up to you with a credit or something.So at least make the move, do something about it, and you might be surprised to find they improve in that area.It just seems unfair to vent if you have just ONE less than ideal experience or if this is the first time you've dined at this location.  And c'mon, the cookie is a Paradise thing.  Get over it.  Panera is Panera.  Panera is not Paradise, and thus the different name.And I am gonna be honest with you here, Paradise is far from perfect.  Check out their reviews.I'm a regular there.  HOMG, they are not generous with their meat portion on sandwiches...  I've been familiar with this place for a couple decades thanks to my sister.  Those Cinnamon Crunch bagels are phenomenal and honestly they're the real reason I even come here.  Today I stopped in to get my son some breakfast after our regular morning of volunteering and enroute to a friends house.  Bagel for me and a Sausage, Egg and Cheese Panini for him.  It was good, just as I remember.  Bagel $1.34, cream cheese $1.25, sandwich $4.09 -doesn't look like a bad deal I suppose.Decor is nice, classical and retro (40's jazz and big band) music playing quietly.  At this time of day its kinda quiet and not too busy.  I like the patio setup, but not sure how comfortable it is.  Really though most people just eat their food and leave so probably comfortable enough for that.  I can already visualize people pulling out computers/pads and parking their butt for hours inside at a corner booth.And finally, there's a rewards card you can get that gives bonuses based on what you routinely order.Overal this is a nice location for a quick breakfast, lunch or light dinner.  Guess I'll need to find a location closer to home for a nice change of routine.
5	Napa valley chicken salad sandwich, that's all you need to know! amazing!
2	I posted a picture of an "Apple" from my most recent trip to Panera...I've had consistently poor food from this location. I have eaten at Panera's nationwide and usually have a good experience. I've been to this location by my house half a dozen times and always left underwhelmed. Slow service and mediocre food.
2	Not coming back. Overpriced garbage. Soup was cold, so I microwaved it myself in the dining area. Sandwich was tasteless and carelessly assembled. $4.69 for half a sandwich that literally I could make at home. Do yourself a favor, go to subway, get a big sandwich the way you want it, and save your kids' college money. Two stars only because WIFI was free and good connection.
3	I was thrilled to find out a Panera was opening in the East Valley. Every time I'm in California we seek out a Panera for that salad and sandwich fix with awesome iced tea. Paradise is ok but no amount of rebranding or bringing Panera items to the menu really did it for me.This location...was a bit disappointing. They could have done so much better. The most glaring difference between this Panera and others I've visited, the staff is completely missing the signature customer service and efficiency. The first visit, the cashier didn't know the menu, the tables don't have the location pagers so we had to flag down our food. The employee cleaning the soda machine was chatting with friends and people behind the counter and we had to interrupt just to ask if we could get to the ice. Another visit when we used the drive through, every part of the order was wrong. I know food allergies are a pain to deal with but it's just a bummer to get all the way home and find out I couldn't eat most of my food. Especially when I double checked that the items I ordered didn't have cheese.I'll probably come back if I'm in the area because the food really is good. But I'm not making the drive just for a Panera fix anytime soon.
1	I have given this restaurant several tries and it continues to disappoint. On multiple occasions they have been out of bread. They are a bakery, how do they run out of bread??? Their soups are too salty and the ditched all of the menu items I liked when they were Paradise Bakery.
