2	We went to the supposed fish fry last fri...it was supposed to last til 9pm. By 7 45  the server was rushing us to put in our order because they were sending the kitchen home.  To top it off, they were out of multiple things we tried to order...over all a sub par experience.
2	I agree with the other reviewer as far as the golf goes. I ate there (at the restaurant which is now run independently) a couple of weeks ago. The setting is first rate, but the manager and staff need to take 101 classes on service. We couldn't tell who worked there and who didn't. This was during a wine tasting event. There weren't any name tags or aprons, let alone uniforms to let you know who was serving. I called ahead and asked about dinner etc. After 20+ minutes of waiting after being seated we went to the bar to ask if we needed to order our food there- finally- 10 minutes later we had a waitress. The food wasn't bad and there was live music. All of the glasses were dirty looking and the tables looked run down and yucky. They need table cloths, spotless glasses, uniforms, and managing. Also I checked out the restroom. TWO small rolls of tp for the entire ladies room. Pathetic. It was almost enough to make me want to put in an application there just to clean it up. It is such a great location it seems a great waste not to have a better business going on at the restaurant.
5	This is a beautiful course that is tucked back in the Foothills of Ahwatukee. It has beautiful scenery with spectacular views of South Mountain as well as Ahwatukee. The staff was very friendly and the cart girl came around quite often. This course had been in foreclosure from what I understand and they were having issues with keeping it watered. I think those issues have all been solved as the course was in perfect condition. We didn't eat any of the food at Club West, we went to the Burrito Company instead. In terms of a Golf Course I will be back to play here again.
5	Either a lot has changed or these other negative reviews are just inaccurate.  The restaurant has been renovated and under new management.  It's exactly what I expect from a golf course.  I come here to play golf, not fine dine.  However, the food is above average and the service is friendly and great.  I couldn't really decide what to order, so there must have been a variety.  I believe they have added some Wine events for the Ahwatukee residents, but have not experienced that yet.At the driving range, you are hitting off grass.  There is no option for mats.  It has a large area, so you'll be guaranteed to fine a spot to hit.  Don't worry about standing in other people's divots or uneven lies at the range.  You are hitting into a desert sand, but it is more than acceptable. The course has a relatively flat front nine with some challenging holes.  The tips completely change the mentality of this course and is recommended.  There are four tee boxes to choose from, so any golfer can play.  The back nine has numerous elevated holes, which makes this course different from other AZ courses in the area.  All of the views are great displaying South Mountain in the distance.Overall, the value of this course is exceptional.  You're not paying top dollar and you get everything you would expect in a golf course.  The conditions vary based on the time of year, but the prices are always discounted based on that.  I would rather play this course two or three times vs. playing one round at a more expensive resort.
4	club west has a great course,  many interesting holes and a good value for the money
4	Club west is one of my favorites in the valley. Its a great course, some beautiful views and amazing holes.  The new restaurant is quite good.  The staff is very friendly and quite helpful. Recommend to anyone who wants to play a course with a bit of challenge and amazing views.
5	On of the best affordable golf course in Phoenix AZ area. Its a course architect in South Mountain AZ next to Foothills Golf. They share the same landscape but some how this course layout is pleases my eyes more than Foothills. Both are affiliates to Ahwatukee Golf CC. I can hardly forget the PAR 3 (200ish yards) sitting high up on the mountain, on the black tee the green is tug in right and you barely see the pin if the placement is by the hill slope. There is a tree at the back of the green and anything on the left (right hand folks who draw be careful) will leave golfers little to no choice but to play a penalty shot. Course layout is somewhat trickier as compare to the more straight forward Foothills (but both is good). A definite visit for golf lovers. The memories i have in still pictures taken left me the urge to always come back for more action.
3	Decent course, greens are very fast, fairways are in pretty good shape.  Holes 15 and 17 are really cool.  Is it worth $35+tax summer rate? Not when you can play other courses for $22-25+tax.
4	Beautiful course that when in good condition is one of the most fun courses you can play in az. I hope that they continue to improve and draw more golfers year after year.
3	Normally a great track, the course is in terrible shape. Browned out fairways, greens were sparse. Was way overcrowded and no rangers. Walked off after 11 holes this morning. VERY disappointing.
2	I've played golf on this golf course many times since it opened but today the condition of the greens were very poor (worst I've experience in the valley this summer). We were told over the phone prior to making the tee time that the course was in good shape. I'd agree with regard to the fairways. The greens were another story. They were slow, bumpy and the grass appeared to have had an issue as there were many bare spots. Not a good combination and since 35-50% of the game is short game it was a waste of money today. On another note, every bunker's sand was wet and heavy as though they had watered every bunker on the course overnight. It is monsoon season so I can't say they didn't get rain last night but we didn't in Gilbert. When this course first opened it was a real gem but I understand it has been through ownership changes and financial difficulties and it shows. The upkeep isn't what one would expect, especially given the quality of the surrounding homes. I also don't care for the current setup of the 17th hole, the signature par 3, since they've modified it to have two greens. What a shame and it destroys the architecture of that hole. As I recall, there was originally just a "fairway" area mowed in front of the green in the event one wasn't confident shooting for the pin. It was a great idea to give people a viable play short with the opportunity to make an up and down instead of shooting for the green which was a challenging shot. I like Ken Kavanaugh's designs and this one was very good. Further, with regard to architectural changes, they seem to have eliminated some of the tee boxes for the better player. This seems to be a trend among courses that I don't like. When someone has worked hard to be a good golfer then there should be "championship" courses to play. Many courses seem to be remaking themselves into "resort style" courses which is a shame. There are fewer and fewer challenging courses around that are reasonably priced (below $150 a round). I'd rather people were encouraged to play the proper tee instead of penalizing the better players. I hope that the current ownership is working toward turning this course around. It would be a shame for it to continue to wallow in mediocrity. At one time, this was by far the best course in the Ahwatukee area. Now, not even conditioned as nicely as the municipal courses which are less money to play.
5	I have played this course several times and I really enjoy it. It is challenging but not impossible to put up a low score. The views are amazing and the cart girls have always been on top of it. I have never had a bad time here and my uncle and cousins seem to enjoy it just as much as I do. The only thing is you need to keep an eye out for some of the hidden wash areas that you can't always see from the fairways. Oh, and a BIG heads up on the mosquitoes, they are out there if full force and I got tore up on the 12th hole.
