4	This is a great park/play area for kids and adults alike.  Nice playground area, lots of picnic tables, baseball fields, a skate park, open areas to run around in, Silverado Ranch Park pretty much has it all.  Was kept up pretty nice too, has ample parking and room for everyone, even when it was packed on a Saturday afternoon.  Will be returning here soon, it's nice and close to us and a bit more there than some of the other local parks I've been to so far.
5	I love this park.. 1.  it's huge.2.  it has a huuuuuge playground with water fountains for the kids to splash around in..3.  baseball diamonds and multiple basketball courts...4.  open LATE!  to avoid hot days5.  DOG PARK!  :D   6.  walking trail with work out stations..It's a great park!
4	This park is so close to my house. I am very lucky!They have a wonderful play area for the kids as well as a splash pad..which is great in the summer.The dog park gets alot of use and the skatepark gets pretty crowded at times but thats a good thing.I went to a Birthday party under one of the canopy's and it was fun..2 big tables so there was plenty of room.But the canopy's are 1st come only..
1	Didn't explore much of the park but the dog park was pretty awful. I live in the NW  , maybe they just have better parks that im used to... Park wasn't very large, there was only one water station for the dogs and u had to exist the gate to use it, so put ur dog back on a collar and walk them out. Same with the poop bags, there was only one bag station which was also outside the gate and the worst part... It was all dirt! No grass! I'm thankful for living in las Vegas over Clark County with what seems like a better park system.....
4	Great place to bring the family on a Sat and Sun. Nice park for the kids and animals.
4	I like this park...it's very close to our house.  Our dogs like playing in the big dog area here.Benefits:  east to get to location, never too busy, lots of places to sit, really nice walking trial around the entire park.Negatives:  I'm not a huge fan of the dirt...I wish there was a little grass.  It is a desert though so I understand why they have dirt and rocks!!I'd say this is in my top 10 favorite places to take my dogs...we'll be back!
2	The dog park here is ok - no grass and the water fountains weren't working when we were there in the middle of summer.  But it is a pretty good size park and the pups loved running around.
3	Not as much grass as many have said, but a park is still useful in itself if it can be a nice means to relax for the day. There's nothing impressive about the dog park, but then again this is a park that is best suited for just the neighborhoods around here. I don't have kids, but this seems to be the place for families to come to have picnics on the weekends & a safe area for kids to play. I've enjoyed walking around here for the scenery, but that's about it really.
3	Pretty small park to me. Landscape is okay. One thing i hate about going here is playing basketball with my dad. Whenever we go to a court, EVERYTHING IS PACKED. So we go to a different, nicer, bigger park somewhere in henderson. Not my fav park but its the closest to where i live.
4	Decent park on the South end of town, just East of South Point Casino.We were in town for a baseball tournament and ended up having a practice at this location.  The park itself appears to be well maintained.  The pictures taken are somewhat misleading as there really is very little grass in this park. This really is your typical neighborhood park and not a regional park so I would imagine that the majority of the visitors to this location are from the nearby neighborhood. Plenty of things to do for all ages: playgrounds for the little ones, water fountains for those hot days, dog park, walking trails and basketball courts to list a few.  We were there on a Friday afternoon in early May (so not too hot) and the place was desolate.  I could see it being a little more active later in the day or on weekends however.All in all, a nice park with all the amenities that one would need.
3	Dog park: I'm part of the Las Vegas Frenchie Meet-Up group. They host 'doggie' play dates here. The pups have room to frolic, hop, romp and play.  I always have a good time and will make the drive for my pup to have fun.
2	Ive taken Stella ( my english Bulldog) here 2 times & there were only 1 other dog. But, we did go during the week around 7:30. The park is a nice size, it is all dirt, but plenty of tables for people to sit. The regular park offers a really nice trail to walk around, just watch where you step people don't pick up after their dog which is a shame.The best dog park I've ever been to is off Warm Springs & Eastern. There's 3 separate dog areas. All huge with grass & plenty of places to sit. Nice landscape. Majority of the people are nice & actually pick up after their dogs. but you still get those few fucking disrespectful people who take larger dogs into the small dog area, or bring dogs that are too aggressive.
3	We enjoy walking our little maltese here (ON A LEASH) But too many Big dogs without a leash and it makes me nervous. Saw two big dogs playing with owner inside the baseball field where the sign clearly states "No Dogs Allowed", and also saw Big Dogs inside the "Small Dog Only" area.  No Respect because nobody here to enforce the rules.
5	Not overcrowded.  Owners actually look out for their dogs here too.  I have not seen a dog fight yet.  I wish they could place more trees and put in grass, but that's my only complaint.  I love taking my doggie there every weekend!!!!:)
3	The actual park is nice but we went to check out the dog park.  I was not impressed, this place would be horrible on a windy day...it's all DIRT! It was a decent size, but If I wanna take my dog to a dirt park, I'd run him loose out in the desert.  There were a few other dogs and their owners there who were all nice and friendly. There are plenty of places to sit, but no shade to be found.There was some dried up dog poo throughout the dog run even though there are bags and garbage cans. The water fountain was outside the fenced in dog run which is very inconvenient, I looked at it before we left and the top fountain was full of dirt. I really doubt I'll be going back.
1	We stopped coming here, there are just too many Large Dogs roaming leash-free with little or no supervision. I reported to Animal Control and Park Police. Large dog poo all over the place too. We now drive extra 10 mins to a park in Seven Hills, much much better well kept park with more Respectable dog owners.
1	BEWARE OF WOMEN WITH BOXERS!! We were at the park today in the grassy area and there were two women there with 6 large dogs off the leash (3 boxers, 3 unknown) and they all attacked my 25lb puppy today. The women didn't seem to care and did nothing to help get their dogs off mine. It took me chasing and jumping in the middle of a pack of dogs to help my small pup. Then they had the nerve to tell me that their dogs didn't do anything. I told them to put their dogs on a leash since they were viscous. There are many small children and other dogs around. We left immediately since our pup was hurt and when we passed them in the car, all dogs were still off their leashes and the owners were playing with them like nothing had happened. Cops were called but since we left to get our dog home, they wouldn't do anything. Needless to say, if I see them again with there dogs off the leash, there will be issues!
4	This is a wonderful park located almost in the shadow of the South Point Hotel and Casino where we stayed.  The are walking paths, baseball fields, dog park segregated by size of the dog, picnic area etc.
3	Great little park but too many dogs not on a leash. All dogs are required to be on a leash unless they're in the dog run. Also, the kids working in the snack bar are not following regulations set by the health department.  My son ordered a pizza slice & the kid behind the counter grabbed the slice with his bare hand!!! GROSS!!!
2	Why, oh why did they make the walk paths concrete??  This is very jarring to the bones.  They probably could have made them out of that sandy/gravelly stuff they have at Sunset Park for a lot less money.  Even asphalt would be better!!
1	I'm reviewing this based on the dog run. Worst I've ever been too. As already said, it's dirt and no watering spots inside the park. Also the fence is quite low so if you have a big dog, beware. It could also use a cleaning and respectful patrons.
3	This park has so much to offer, lots of baseball fields, big playgrounds, big basketball court, lots of grass fields, a dog park, one of those fitness parks, and a skate park. It's a great place to have a BBQ or picnic with friends and family. I always enjoy coming here because there's so much to do and it's just really always a fun time. Although might I add, a couple years back, oh and this happened twice, I got harassed in the parking lot. That's why I decide to not come by Silverado Ranch Park at night anymore.
1	This could be a great park...ball fields, playgrounds, picnic areas, walking path, skate park, bathrooms, good parking...but there is dog s**t everywhere. There are ample opportunities for dog owners to be responsible and I'm sure some are but it's hard to tell here.
