3	I've heard a lot of great things about this pool so my kids and I drove by to see if they would want to check it out and they decided that they wanted to go. Upon seeing the big slide they were pretty much sold.Admission seems to be on the higher end for the community pools in the area ($2 kids, $4 adult) but if you are planning to come frequently you can buy a pass and save some money (10 kids admissions or 5 adult admissions for $15). I initially wanted to buy a couple passes but since we hadn't been here yet I decided to skip it and see how the kids liked it before dropping $30.The facility is meticulously clean. When we entered the locker room the girls oohed and ahhed (they are impressed with restrooms..what can I say?). They have lockers but if you plan on using one you need to bring your own lock.The pool area is very nice. There is a good amount of shade...tables and snack machines are under a canopy and on the opposite side there are lounge chairs under an overhang attached to the building. We were early enough to snag a lounge chair and since I didn't have my own lock I just kept my things near it. I was able to see it from the pool so I felt it was relatively safe.As for the pool itself....eh. There is a kiddie area with a water feature and it's zero depth so it gradually gets deeper. There is a little transition area which connects the kiddie are to the larger pool. The water slide is a tube slide ad looks pretty fun, but you have to be 48" to go down it. My kids aren't that tall so they were pretty upset. There are 4 diving boards which all share the same diving pool, two of which are pretty tall. To go off those you need to be 8 years old and also 48",  No goggles allowed on the diving boards (kids upset about this too but got over it).There are a lot of lifeguards and they switch stations frequently (every half hour or so). Soon after we got there I witnessed the manager semi-yell at a mom in the kiddie area with her child because she was in a tank top and soft shorts (not denim). He made a comment that she needed to get out because she wasn't in a bathing suit and he has already talked to her about it. There are signs posted and it's a rule that you need to be in a bathing suit, but as the day went on there were TONS of people in the water with tshirts and shorts on so the policy seemed inconsistently enforced. I'm sure we will continue to go here (Monday's is 50% off 6-8pm for family night) but with all of the other pools in the area, we won't hurry back.
4	This aquatic complex in Mesa has a large pool with a water slide for families with kids, a diving area with two 1-meter and two 3-meter diving boards, and an Olympic-size competition pool area. The pools are very clean and well maintained, as are the shower/changing areas. I have experienced using this complex for competition and can say that this is complex is very well suited for serious swim meets, mainly because of the quality of the pools but also because of the presence of ample spectator areas and shade structures.
4	Great pool! Clean, not over crowded, nice staff. My kids love the slide, walk in pool, and high dives. I like the ample shaded area.
