3	This Safeway holds a special place in my heart. It is only a block away from my house, the shelves are always stocked and it never seems to be busy.  There is a pharmacy (and they are quick!), meat counter, floral department, bakery and a Starbucks kiosk.  The staff is friendly, though often in no rush to get customers on their way.  There are some great deals to be had here...just don't forget your discount card.  Without it the prices are downright unreasonable, hence, the somewhat sad, three star rating.
4	This is the closest grocery store to my home and I have been going here ever since they opened some 20 years ago, so this is the place I run in and out of often. I would give them 5 start but they are the absolute last to get anything new. And I am not thrilled that they don't have a larger organic produce area. No organic apples or peaches and they are the most important items to get organic. Hmmm. Anyway, they know me, I know them and they have my back except for that glitch.
4	I go to probably half the Safeways in the city, but this one is especially worth mentioning for their staff. So friendly, going above and beyond to help you and make your day.Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because of Safeway Corp. This poor store is a little outdated and smaller, and it seems like they are a little neglected.  They do have a Starbucks and wifi though, very nice! (not all older stores do!) I hope they remain in business for many years to come because it is truly a neighborhood store.Stores like this can't be replaced. I thought about it, and it's something with the lighting. Idk if they have less lamps or if they get burned out or what, but it's definitely a little darker in here than in every other Safeway I go to. Kinda odd. I also want to compliment the staff who stocks the shelves and makes displays. The liquor department is a little smaller than some other stores, but it's always immaculate and well organized! If there is a holiday coming up, I've come to expect a nice arrangement of featured products.If you haven't already heard, upgrade your club card to Just for U savings! An ambassador will be happy to help you start saving even more with the convenience of digital coupons stored to your savings card!
4	I shop this location because it is close to home and easy to get to off of Hwy 51, the staff are very helpful and friendly. There is a Starbucks at this location and they have, a breakfast sandwich/lunch sandwich bar at this location. The prices are good and it is convenient stop.
5	Great employees!!! Constantly offering amazing service with a smile and their perky small talks, it also offers an abundance of products, well stocked for your daily needs and demands.*** I frequent this Safeway so much, that they even recognize me by name!!! :) That's ALWAYS AWESOME, there is also a great lady very worthy of mentioning, by the name of SUSAN working at the Starbucks inside this location and she is ALWAYS SUPER FRIENDLY and bubbly!!! I adore her!!! No hit or miss with her!!! Always greets me by name with a genuine smile!!!*** Also, wonderful cashiers and meat departments employees!! Honestly everyone at this location is super nice, I always leave with a positive experience!!!
4	This is absolutely my favorite Safeway store in the Entire valley. I have to admit I didn't think much of it at first because it is kind of small and located in a strip mall so to speak. However thanks to my wife I discovered that this is truly a hidden GEM that all should witness....LOL. I mean they have a nice staff who seem to really love there jobs and they always have items on special that you simply can't find at other Safeway stores. The only down side to the store is that they don't always have the sale items that you want.....and I attribute that to the fact that it is a small store and they don't stock as much inventory as larger Safeway stores. However with all of that being said it has become my GO TO store and I highly recommend that it become yours. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I really love Safeways, this one in particular.Clean, warm, and inviting stores, good selection and quality of food. Their produce is especially good. Unique deli choices.Their service is phenomenal. Every employee acts like they actually like working there. No one seems like they were just let out on parole, unlike a few other grocery stores... Cashiers are warm and friendly. Even the produce guys ask you how you are doing and will even spontaneously carve up fresh samples of produce for you on the spot. It is like every employee is on happy pills. Kind of remind me of the characters from the move "Pleasantville".So why only 4 stars instead of 5? The price!! Even their sale items are more expensive than the normally priced items at Fry's, Target, or Wal-Mart. I understand the whole "you get what you pay for" concept and it is great that they attract and keep a good work staff. But I need to stretch my dollar and feed my hungry family on a budget. So, alas, Safeway and I have an on and off relationship.
5	This Safeway was first introduced to me by worth of mouth, people always had something wonderful to spotlight throughout the store. The produce department is fresh and appealing, with a friendly produce clerk available to give samples and provide tips to finding the cream of the crop. The meat department, clean and stocked with diverse cuts of meat for any occasion. The bakery department is a gem. Freshly made bread 4/5/6 guaranteed. Deli is your quick stop for those long days, fresh fried chicken, roasted chicken with your classic pairings freshly made. Not looking for fried? How about their in house made salads and sandwiches? You can also make it a deal. Lastly their front end service, with young friendly faces ready to get you on your way. This safeway is the definition of a great neighborhood store. With saving around every corner and available for quick coupon downloads with their J4U app. It's a great way to save and experience their complete delivery of outstanding customer service, where you feel right at home.
5	Fast, friendly, and convenient. The baristas in the Starbucks rock at making coffee! The stockers are always helpful, if what you're looking for is gone, they'll check in back without hesitation or attitude. Overall, always a good experience.
4	The staff at this Safeway is tremendous! Prices fluctuate from "pricey" (like $3.79 for a half gallon of TruMoo Chocolate Milk) to "fantastic" (like the 6 top sirloins for $15.60), but the cleanliness, spacious layout and the staff make up for it.
