5	This steakhouse is a hidden secret, and is spectacular. I would recommend this steakhouse to anyone wanting fine dining at reasonable prices. This is Not a stuffy stuck up location that treats you poorly if you don't order alcohol. We had an excellent meal with great service from Steve Wilson. Thank you for an excellent meal at reasonable prices. The new york steak was excellent, as was the prime rib.
2	We heard good things about this place so we decided to try it. Nice atmosphere inside and the wait staff very courtious. We had the Ribeye and Chicken Parmesan. The Ribeye was very disappointing. It was just ok. No seasonings or flavor. Just plain. Chicken parmesan was ok. We paid alot of money for an average meal. Don't mind paying for a good steak. This place didn't fit the bill.
5	We keep going back, For the price you can't beat it, have not been let down yet
5	wow was expecting good food from the reviews i read, but wasn't expecting this i ordered the new york strip massive, parents ordered veal picatta and filet mignon and french onion soup which wasn't salted at all. all amazing steaks cooked perfectly. will go back again in a heart beat.
5	We have driven past Railroad Pass so many times and never suspected such a jewel of a restaurant inside. Thanks to Railroad Pass' player's card, we tried The Steakhouse at the Pass - which was incredible. The rib eye steak was cooked perfectly and my girlfriend reported the seafood platter was unbelievable. Even the tiramisu was good (although not as coffee flavored as we're used to). The only thing I didn't care for - and this is personal preference - the kitchen adds bacon to just about everything: for me it was the salad and the risotto rice. Oh, the appetizers were incredible too, especially the sauteed portabello mushrooms. Can't forget the service, which was an A++.Don't just drive by, check this place out. Especially if you have points on your player's card!!
4	Went last night with my family (party of 7) to celebrate my moms 60th bday..The decor  is nothing special, its exactly the same as it was 10 years ago and I am not kidding.  If I was rating strictly on my entree which was the Filet cooked meduim (which is ALWAYS what I order at any steak restuarant) I'd have to give them a 2 star.  But since everyone else ordered Prime Rib I bumped up my rating to a 4 star, and if service was the only thing I was rating then they'd get a 5 star, the busser and server were AMAZING.  Everyone's prime rib was huge and tasty looking, lots of positive feedback on the Prime Rib, vege's were Asparagus which had a sauce on them and were not crunchy and looked gray.. not fresh and green.. 1 star there.  I chose the fettucini alfredo as my side dish and it was good, 4 star.  Salads didnt come with our meals which for $28 should have so 1 star for value in my opinion, but the salad was DELISH!  Ranch was yummy and tasted homemade.  So all in all if you go and order Prime Rib and dont mind paying $5 extra for a salad then you should have a very good time.. I would not recommend the Filet, go down the road and eat at Feugos inside The Fiesta, much better and you get a salad and the vege's are fresh and tasty.
4	Great stuff. 27$ for a thick peice of delicious prime rib with good tasting sides. And the onion soup was really good. The only reason I gave it a 4 was only because they ran out of med rare!
