5	The hotel is small but yet very new and comfortable. I loved how clean it was and their customer service is amazingly good. They have a free shuttle to and from the strip and the airport too. I would definitely stay here again. I only paid $210.00 from September 3rd to the 6th. Cristian, one of their staff members, was amazing. He was always on top of everything and always willing to help. I loved the fact that although their staff was young, they were always happy, smiling and willing to help. Excellent work guys.
4	My sister and I were traveling north and decided to stay in Vegas for two days.  Unfortunately the first day fell on Christmas Day and major hotels on the Strip were bit too pricey, so I gambled and booked this Holiday Inn which was about a mile away from the Strip.  I've been to Vegas many times but never stayed at a hotel which is off the Strip and didn't know what to expect.  Luckily once you pass the Las Vegas Boulevard, it only takes about 2-3 minutes to the hotel.  There are many popular restaurants around there, including my new favorite, Firefly.  The garage had the gate which made me wonder if the area was not safe or I should be looking around when we unload our luggage but that was the only part that made me feel a tiny bit uneasy and everything else was great.  Unlike those Vegas hotels, there was no waiting line to check-in and the young guy at the front desk was very pleasant.  The room felt like it was still new and we thought it was a decent size.  Oh, but I kept hitting my feet to the bed frame.  Overall, everything was clean and new except the bed sheet.  When I opened my comforter, it had wrinkles like someone was sleeping on there already.  I checked the pillows and they looked clean and didn't smell anything and I was too tired to call the front desk and wait for someone to come and change it so I've decided to ignore it.  I went to sleep right away and heard nothing but my sister said many people came back to their rooms after midnight and got pretty loud.  She said she thought someone was in our room talking.  Next day, I was able to enjoy my favorite TV channel on a big flat TV while my sister was able to check her emails for free.  We knew we'd sleep in late until we had to check-out so didn't bother to ask if we get the free breakfast as some of those Vegas websites stated but I think I've read we could get complimentary coffee in the morning at their cafe.  We were going to shop whole day so we moved to a hotel on the Strip next day, but when I come to Vegas by myself, I often go to places off the Strip and don't need to stay at those pricey major hotels.  Especially, many hotels nowadays have been cutting down many amenities anyways (do you remember we used to get stuff like cotton swabs, shoe polish clothe or mending kit?) but adding ridiculous Resort Fees for nothing (this past year, I've stayed at Mirage, Treasure Island, Venetian and Planet Hollywood which recently stopped charging the Resort Fee).  I didn't feel like I downgraded and stayed at a cheap motel.  It was nice that there was no awful smell of smoke to go through when you come back  to the hotel or stupid Resort fee to pay but got a free internet access with many good dining places to choose from.  I'll definitely stay here again (but I will call the front desk if I see wrinkles on my bed sheet next time).
3	Went for one night, booked by 'name your price' on Priceline, so it wasn't our choice, but what accepted our offer. We paid $60 for one night, very decent place, wouldn't pay a dollar more.After I had seen reviews for this hotel on tripadvisor.com and was to the T of what others had said. Distance form the Strip- not badShuttle service- yes (didn't use it) but they offer the direct cell # to the driver, so thought that was pretty good.Service- attitudes were good, but yes, as stated by others-UNDERSTAFFED!! There literally is only one front desk person, and when we got there there were 2 pilots & 2 flight attendants behind us as well as 3 more guests that arrived, phones were ringing off the hook, so as the clerk was trying to explain things to us, he was constantly being interrupted and just apologizing WAY too many times. We had to say "It's ok" and "No problem" 7 times, because that's he many times he would apologize! It was just annoying on both parts. Then when we mentioned a coupon we had seen online for free $20 credit for breakfast, he was just like "oh just print it up". Umm hello??? if i was able to do that, he would've had it in hand! wasn't able to print because of a computer glitch, but he was very familiar with the offer, and for as many times as he apologized and as inconvenient as it all was, he couldn't just honor it???? Ugh! Whatever.Cleanliness- goodRoom setup- ok, a little small and furniture close together, kept hitting our legs on this wooden platform that the beds lay on. Annoying.Definitely worth the $60, not a dollar more!
1	First room had egaculation on the bathroom wall and showerhead was broken. Moved rooms to a downgraded queen. Next day when ask if the discount we were promised because of the problems had been applied, received snotty service and refusal to answer any questions because we didn't have the name of the hotel employee who switched our rooms. Unbelievable!Plus second room, which we kept had a bath tub/shower that didn't drain and crappy wifii service. Place sucks. Will stay at the bigger hotels next time.Update, when we checked out the next day, we spoke with the hotel manager who compted our stay, that was really appreciated, but we'll still never stay there again.
4	No casino, no buffets, no smoking, no shows, no pay per view porn on the TV.  This property is just like every other Holiday Inn I've ever stayed in.  Its just in Las Vegas.  When business brings me back to Las Vegas.  I'll be here.
2	Customer Service FAIL: I called ahead EXPLICITLY to request 2 queen bed.  When I arrived, I was told that was not possible with no more availability, and I should've called ahead.Renovation FAIL: The bathroom that we had has no tub, but an open Euro / Gym style shower area, which is fine.  Only if that area is not built higher than the rest of the bathroom floor.  Every time we shower, we get an instant flood in the bathroom.
4	The man at the front desk had amazing customer service. Let us know what places would deliver food late at night, made suggestions when we asked what casinos would be most convenient, and let us buy snacks from the "shop" even though it was closed. He even walked us out to the parking garage to make sure we could open the gate and let us know the best spots to park. The room was super clean. Yes---you definitely have to watch out for the corners of the beds---the room is cramped and the base of the beds jut out. Also, our shower didn't drain well, but we were too tired to ask to change rooms for just one night. The hot-wire price was less than $40. Definitely a great deal.
4	This hotel far exceeded our expectations. The decor was very modern, seemed new, and made for a more pleasurable experience than the usual hotels and their carpets that look like a 1960's palace. The staff was friendly and the Forte restaurant had a nice menu. Our only complaint was that our room was facing a fire station.
4	Las Vegas is one of those places you somehow seem to end up on business trips, and although there are some very enticing pricings available at the Casino hotels, experience suggests that unless you're into that "scene" you may prefer something a little more tasteful.This recently built establishment is about 1 1/4 miles from the Strip, on Flamingo Road, but still has a number of eating establishments in walkiing distance (e.g. Morton's, P F Chang's, Roy's Hawaiian).  It is also close to the junction with Paradise Road, so the journey from McCarran International Airport (LAS) easily avoids the Strip (South Las Vegas Boulevard).Facilities wise this is a generic, modern full service Holiday Inn, with nice touches like gated underground parking and a pool / jacuzzi on a terrace level.A good choice for Las Vegas business visitors.
2	I traveled here with a group. The reservations we made were a few days before, due to another hotel accidentally double-booking a room intended for us. The hotel itself is nice, but the area around it is a war zone. When we pulled up, we realized we were in the hood.  We lost count how many arrests we passed by near our hotel. Another MAJOR downside is that the fire department is right across the street. My brothers were not able to sleep the entire time there. We had booked 3 rooms: 1 Double and 2 Kings. When we first arrived, we were told that one of the rooms was not ready. It was 7PM. When we did get in, the plumbing in two of the rooms was bad, so we had our group using our bathroom, the only one that worked, until the maintenance people finally fixed it. Now on the plus side, the rooms were nice, the beds were comfy and the TV was huge. But aside from that, I don't have much else to say about this place. I will not be coming back here. I value my life a little more than that.
2	Please note this hotel is FAR from the strip.  You can see it but you definitely cannot walk to it.  The hotel charges to use their shuttle: $5. Cabs swing by some of the time.  The lobby is nice and the rooms are decorated well but the one we were checked into SMELLED FOUL.  We asked maintenance to come to the room and he confirmed it as did the housekeeping staff.  It smelled like rotten laundry/unclean towels/fungus feet.  So management switched our room and while it was better temporarily, as soon as you showered, the smell returned.  The only plus is that it is within walking distance of the tapas restaurant Firefly. Oh, and there is no free breakfast.
