5	Fast, reliable service! Hendel's provides the utmost quality and their technicians are very knowledgeable.
5	I am a long-time happy and satisfied customer.  I called Hendel's this morning because my A/C had quit 24 hours earlier.  I called at 8AM.  The technician was here at 8:45.  He made the diagnosis and repair and was gone before 9:30.  The cost was very reasonable.  As long as there's a Hendel's Air Conditioning, I'll be a customer.
1	So disappointed :(.  We were warned to watch out for companies that do not automatically come back to add freon after installation (Hendel's did not do this until we called about problems with our unit 6 months later).  I guess we should have listened.After problems about a year after installation, our Hendel's technical then informed us it was wired incorrectly so the system was not working properly.  3 months after our 1-year labor warranty expired, the coil bursts...and they will not cover the labor or freon related items, which adds up to a nice chunk of change (despite a history of problems). We have been disappointed in their customer service.   You do get the feeling they would prefer you simply go somewhere else if you experience problems.  When it comes to communication, it took us a lot of effort to maintain contact and get updates from them each time we had problems.  For example, we called them for updates a few times yesterday (we cannot live in our house with 2 kids and 1 on the way, so we were hoping to get a target date for moving back) - each time we called yesterday, they expressed surprise that we had not yet heard back from them with updates (although we did always get promises of a "call right back")!. I so wanted to like them and had handed out their cards to friends - their technicians seemed great - but I've since had to call those friends to take back my recommendation.Who wants to use a company that informs you your new AC was not installed correctly in the first place?  Whether it was related or not, it is disconcerting...and customer service showed no concern about improper installation since "that's something totally different."
5	My AC unit at home started blowing hot air couple days ago. After determining that capacitor may be an issue, I found the make and model of my capacitor and took it to Hendels. Staff were very helpful and had a replacement brand of the capacitor. The price for a 50-10uf 440v capacitor was $65 inclusive of tax. Pretty decent price. Recommend anyone in need of a replacement ac unit especially capacitors, buy parts here.  Of course price is contingent on the fact that you end up changing the part yourself. Otherwise the service is $89 and labor is $98 - they were nice enough to share this information. This is my go to place for parts for my ac unit. Thanks Hendels!
5	Called Hendels for a annual service & inspection on the 2 A.C. units on my home, they were very professional, timely and did everything they said they would. Great company you can trust!!Alan
5	I bought 2 units from Hendel's in 1997. I have had 3 service calls in 14 years. These folks are experts and Tempe residents know them and recommend them.I am one of them. The technician came on short notice on Saturday 6-15-13- and solved/repaired the problem. I strongly recommend them. Freddy 6-15-13
