5	I love this French restaurant on Crescent St!!  During our week long trip to Montreal to attend a wedding, we tried many different restaurants and only 2 restaurants are truly memorable.  Dundee's being the very one we just love and keep going back for lunch and dinner and supper!  Their soup, escargot, the bread, the steak, salad (oh so FRESH!), the halibut, the beers, the ambience, the cute waitresses, ... and all this come at a very reasonable price for the experience!!   I am salivating just writing about them.  I wish I were in Montreal right now!!!!!!!!!!
3	We went to Dundee's for a family dinner and it did the job. They accommodated our large group with kids and took our reservation for ten on a Saturday night. The Crescent St location is convenient for bar hopping and has quite a lively bar scene as well. The ribs were actually darn good and the service was also good. It's a reasonable costing option if you are in the area but not worth going out of your way to check out.
1	Pretty shitty place. Bad atmosphere, bad food.
5	This was one of the nicest bars we found in Montreal. The place has a great atmosphere & it's in a great location. The bartender was quick w/ drinks & lots of fun. We'll be back.
2	Great location and nice atmosphere! But you are paying for that and not the food!! Burgers are so so - I spend nearly $30 Canadian Dollars on one hamburger,a side of vegetables, and two sodas. Burger was tasty and juicy, but the patty was a bit thin and broke apart easily. The side of vegetables for $5 was a waste - frozen vegetables (about a cup worth) steamed with no seasoning at all.  Fries are comparable to that of McDonald's. Service was really slow as well - I ran dry with my soda and water - 10 minutes went by before the waitress came by - she didn't even offer to refill my water or soda. I had to ask as she was walking away. Yeah no I will most likely never go back again - there are too many other choices around there in Montreal.
2	The restaurant is located on Crescent street which gets tons of traffic. Its located at the intersection and can be spotted because there is outdoor seating available. Our party ate there during the Formula One Race weekend so the entire restaurant was packed. My dish (pizza) came out late so our server gave us an appetizer of our choice on the house. However, my major complaint was the quality of the food. For the amount we paid per plate, we should have had better tasting food. It looked and tasted generic. I would have given this place 4 stars, its just the food dint stand out.
2	This place is just okay. I'm sure their location affords them plenty of diners, but they should try a little harder... The food is really salty. Wait staff can be incredibly slow. While staying in the city, I regretted having eaten here and not somewhere else.
1	Have you been to ruby Tuesday? This is montreals version -- but muchmore expensive.  And ruby tuesday is better. The location is great and lots of outdoor seating--hence one star. We were starving and they fed us. But the food was mediocre at best. The service slow and overworked--I ordered a long island iced tea but low and behold received a soda fountain nestea. Boo.  And remember the service is slow so you can't fix your order without getting stuck listening to god awful pop music even longer. Bottom line: only go here if you are starving and desperate and your intended dinner plans fall apart.
2	We were out walking around in Montreal on a very cold night dressed like we were still in Pacific NW.  We picked this place because it looked the warmest with the two fires in the front and all.  It was warm.  But the food was really meh... and service was incredibly slow.
2	Meh. Walking around on a rainy Saturday night, we needed a place to eat that wasn't fancy and not too far. Hotel recommended we go down Crescent Street. We did and this is where we went in. We were seated at a booth above, looking over other booths. Very cool spot, but the space between the table and you is very small and I am not a big person. The menu is in English and French, which is great for us Americans!It took awhile for the waitress to initally come over to us, but she was ok after. Not great, but ok. We placed food and drink order together. We ordered a hamburger with side salad and a chicken sandwich with mushrooms and cheese and a side of fries. It was ok. All hamburgers are cooked medium well - no custom ordering here. The only thing that stood out was the beets that were a topping for the sandwiches. That was good! Also had a glass of the house blend red wine. Not very good.
3	We went to Dundees for dinner last night.  I was thrilled to see a veggie sandwich on their menu.  I ordered that with French fries as well as a side salad.  The salad never came which seems par for the course (it's just my luck!) but in the end I was grateful because the sandwich filled me up.  A lot.  They did have the salad on the check but promptly removed it when we told the very friendly waitress that we never got it.  At first I was a little freaked out by my food because the veggies had grilled marks and I was afraid it would taste like a stake but either they clean the grill real well or I was truly starving because I really enjoyed it as well as the very yummy fries.  My husband's steak was average.  A peperonni pizza order by our friend seemed to have real peperonni and a salad with chicken was huge, was done with mesclum and looked to be a huge portion.  All in all we were happy.  Of course, as a vegetarian, I did not find a lot of variety but would probably go again.
5	I really loved the food here.. We were seated outside in the balcony, and food came out nice and fast. Service was great and so was the food! My favourite dish here was the fried calamari :)
3	It's a bar in one of the most desirable locations in Montreal. It's an expensive city, so prices are commensurate...duh. They seem to be on par with everyone around them. The name is "Dundee's Bar", so take the hint and don't go in there expecting earth-shatteringly good French food just because they speak French around here, mkay? The food was good, the beer was beer-y, the waitresses were nice, and nobody gave me any crap for being an ignorant American. What more can you ask for?
3	Had a pitcher outside and people-watched for an hour. Lots of outdoor seating which is good but I didn't check out the inside or try any of the food.
2	So we went here for lunch and let me tell you, The food looks MUCH better then it tastes. I have a thing for french onion soup so the lady at the table beside us had one and it looked soooo devine! it was the only thing i ordered and i thought it would be amazing, unfortunately when it came to eating it it was horrible. The bread was hard (i dont know how thats possible when its soaked in soup) and the broth was the worst part of the soup. It just tasted like watery chicken broth douced in salt. You know when you make that liptons noodle and broth from the package and there are those little yellow circles of i dont know what that are sitting on top of the broth, that was in my soup. It was so gross i could even eat it, i sent it back. My friend got a chocolate cake and she said it tasted like something she could buy at the grocery store. The server was easy on the eyes but thats it, she didnt really seem to know much about the menu. I for sure would not go back there.
2	This is a tourist joint.  Plain and simple. The food that is so incredibly boring that if you told me that it was trucked in from a chain restaurant in upstate NY I would not be surprised.  The drinks, although uninspired, are served by universally attractive tip magnets.  The singular vibe of this place is "Where are we gonna go next?"If you're a tourist, and you are intent on avoiding all of the amazing food and atmosphere this amazing city has to offer, then by all means - camp out here for the duration of your stay.
3	We stopped in here on a stormy night in Montreal. I was with three friends, all of us being from New York City. Our waitress/bartender Jessie was great and really made our experience enjoyable. She shared two shots with us and gave us plenty of suggestions for food and drinks. We had a pitcher of Alexander Keith's Indian Pale Ale which was really good. Two of us had the Dungee's Burger which was definitely a very good quality burger, and the pasta was very good. For what it is, which is a bar/grill it was a decent experience, the food was good, the service was great and the price was right. We were there on a Tuesday Night during a thunderstorm so it wasnt packed so I cant comment on what the regular crowd is like but for a casual drink out and a low priced meal it hit the spot.
5	I've been to Dundees almost every time I've been to Montreal. For a bar their burgers are some of the best in town, they have large (decent priced) beers, and the waitresses are not only very attractive but also really friendly. Great place to catch a game or to grab a bite & a brew before heading out for the night...
3	Well I went here to see if we could catch the end of the game, then realized it was over and stayed anyways.english/irish type pub.  great service actually, very welcoming.  Casual spot, not crazy exciting, but a good stop for a couple pints.Takes Amex.
2	Ehh. Don't get a mixed drink, they use way more juice than alcohol. Food was so-so. Basic bar food. Nothing special. If I wasn't so hungry and it wasn't so cold out, I would have looked harder for a place to eat. Service was kind of slow. Loud pop music.
3	Went here and waited about 10 minutes to be attended, we were about to literally get up before the waiter arrived, he did immediately apologize so w/e shit happens no?....Well anyhow considering me and my friends stood at a relatively cheap hostel for the weekend we had some extra capital to invest in some great meals and Dundees didn't disappoint. We had the lobster, a pasta scampi with shrimp, and a rack of ribs we all equally shared. Overall the food was good, not great but I'd probably come back again when I'm in Montreal.
3	In another city this restaurant would have earned 4 stars, but for downtown Montreal it deserves 3. As other reviewers mentioned, the waitresses are pretty and friendly, and they have nice outside seating. We ordered a curry chicken entree, which was very good, and a tenderloin sandwich, which was okay. The bruschetta appetizer was also excellent. Overall a good experience but very American and a little bland for Montreal.
2	Unfortunately no one ever asked us how our food was... If they had asked- who knows- maybe they would have made an attempt to be sure we were satisfied! Bizarre rules w/ the menu. For example, "could I have a side of veggies instead of rice or mashed potato?" Response- "it will cost $6 extra." We did it anyway and were much happier with the grilled zucchini, peppers & mushrooms at an extra $6. I wonder though... Why were there only olives, onions & peppers available in the veggie quesadilla I asked about? Bottom line- I took 2 bites of the tasteless margarita pizza I ordered when the veggie quesadilla sounded too boring, and no one asked if it tasted okay!! Our server also didn't ask if I wanted to take my leftovers with me (is that allowed here? Not sure_ either way though)... I would have let her know I was unhappy. Poor service. Meh food.
1	As many others have said, this is a TOURIST JOINT.  And I'm a tourist, and I can say that I was really unhappy.  I wish I could say that it had something to do with the food, but I cannot even say that because my friend and I were seated outside in the patio area and we did not get served or even an "Ill be right with you" for about 15 to 20 minutes.  We ended up just getting up and leaving.  Hope no one lets this place ruin their experience with Montreal's food scene because it's pretty awesome in general, I just would be hesitant to go here, especially if they're busy.  But hey. maybe the food is awesome?  Note:  There was also another family sitting next to us who had not been served either and looked as annoyed as us.  They stayed in spite of their annoyance though.
3	Prime time people  watching destination being right on a corner along bustling Crescent.Their  cockails are the standard fun and fruity variety, but  very pretty. Simple  tourist  friendly food,  I go here for the  terrasse and people watching,  have only casually glanced at the menu.
3	Food was good, I got the dundees burger and I enjoyed it. They for whatever reason serve the burger with one bun on the side with the toppings divided between them. All the mushrooms are on the bun you have to flip on the other half so makes it a bit messy. Not too big of a deal though. My friend got a different burger and it wasn't like that.Just depends on the burger you order I guess.Getting the bill was the hardest thing! The girl pretty much ran off and returned like 20 minutes later.
2	2.5Good for people watching, but pretty touristy. We knew this, we just wanted some place where we could sit and enjoy a few snacks and drinks. Would I go here again? Nah! No need to since there are so many other places on the rue.
5	Not understanding why everyone's hating on Dundees.. I had the seafood pasta and opted for the creamy pesto sauce instead of the pomadoro, and it was actually delicious..! We also had nachos to start with, along with mozzarella sticks. The service was prompt and extremely friendly, too! I would probably come back. Yes it might be touristy, but it's good food, and that's good enough for me..!
4	Stopped in this place for some poutine and some pre-dinner drinks during our quick trip to Montreal. It was a fun little bar. Julia, the bartender was very helpful and friendly. We had some good laughs with her. The poutine was great, though it was our first so I'm certainly not an expert. I'd definitely go back.
3	Not too shabby. Has a decent bar, and great 5-7 specials! The food's not bad either. Having said that, the chicken is rather dry, and the servers messed up on the order twice (we asked to substitute an item, but it was missed at some point in the chain). The servers also took their time, both taking orders and delivering food, but a decent mid range place. It has lunch appropriate cuisine, but a vibrant bar atmosphere, so choose wisely.
5	Great burgers and ribs! Sangria and martinis and also really good and there is a wide variety of beers on tap that are all available in pints and pitchers.
2	The food was ok/mediocre. We had a salad, burger, fries, and chicken fingers. Nothing was memorable. Thankfully the World Cup game was on and they have great drinks and a big tv inside.  The waitress was a bit rude and the other waitress seemed lazy and lacking in customer service skills.  I wouldn't choose to go to this restaurant when there are better choices across the street and around the corner.  Not a bad place - just not good or great.
3	We stopped here for lunch because we were tired and didn't feel like walking any further. We both had the potato leek soup, which was excellent. My Sweetie had the tuna sandwich with fries and I had the plain salad with a side of fries. I was sad my salad had a more than a few not-so-fresh leaves, but the waitress (Dana) did not charge us for it. The fries were crispy and hot and tasty. The food was good but not memorable in anyway. Dana was one of the sweetest waitresses ever. So polite and attentive.
1	Do not eat here! If you are visiting Montreal and looking for a quite bite to eat you are better off going to Taco Bell. The food took 45 minutes to arrive (there for brunch) and was cold and tasted .. .well, it didn't taste. Omelets weren't cooked, pancakes were thinner than a crepe, and the coffee was like drinking tar. I have never sent a plate back in my life but I was prepared to here, if only the waitress came to check on us. She picked up my plate without speaking to us or asking if we would like more water, coffee, how our meal was... no interaction. Glasses empty and looking for a refill? That's not going to happen. Eventually we had to get up and track down the serve station to request our bills. Never have I wanted to walk out of a restaurant more. I requested to speak to the manager about our experience because it was so disappointing, but he didn't seem to care. He shrugged, said 'well were slammed' and blankly starred at me. I didn't leave a tip and told the waitress why. She was clearly trained by this lovely manager because she had the same excuse. DO NOT EAT HERE.
1	We stopped in here to get out of the rain. Sat at the bar. Ordered beers which, eventually, grudgingly, arrived. Asked for menus. Twice. Waited half an hour with closed menus and expectant looks, while multiple servers and bartenders passed us without acknowledgement. Gave up, paid the check and moved on. Service is unhurried in Montreal -- that's part of its charm -- but the staff here just plain ignored us. Don't bother. There are so many superior alternatives.
