3	When this place opened it was more under-the-radar. Over time, the sorostitutes started showing up (yes, at an off-campus bar) and the whole vibe/crowd got a bit worse. It became a bit generic.But thats just my opinion.* for good drinks* for good shows* * for awesome outdoor seating
4	Cowboy Monkey is a fairly nice bar in downtown Champaign. In the winter it kind of sucks because the indoor seating is fairly limited. During the summer, dare I say, it has the best outdoor seating in Champaign. Lots of seating and great atmosphere. The only other problem is that if you are going to go there for dinner your food options are pretty limited to some tacos or a sandwich. And thats only in the summer. The kitchen is closed in the winter months.Some good bands tend to play here as well, and they have specialty nights a few times a week.Misses the 5th star for lack of indoor seating and no real food selection for a place you would imagine would have a great full kitchen.
3	These folks have somehow commandeered a square mile of formerly-public outdoor space which is probably the best reason to go here.  Unfortunately the food is only so-so, though I do like that the sandwiches do NOT come with french fries!.  Mediocre draft beer list (especially for Champaign), but decent martinis.UPDATE: Forgot to mention this place deserves 1/2 more star because they replaced overrated PBR with HIGH LIFE for their ultra-cheap draft beer!  Yum!
2	One star for the awesome outdoor seating and one star for the Guitar Hero nights. I stopped going here last week because *I finally had to accept that when you pay with a debit card, the waitress just gives herself whatever tip she wants, regardless of what you actually wrote on the receipt.* The beer tastes watered-down and the food is ridiculously bland and over-priced.
4	I used to think it was a One-star. At first, I loved the outdoor seating (still do), the decent beers and the average but very cheap food... I HATED that as a gay couple we felt really weird with all the drunk 30-40 somethings disapproving and some strange looks from staff... however things seem to have changed in that regard and we haven't had any adverse experiences in the last 6 months. Yeay.
3	The outdoor seating is nice, but my table was crawling with bugs when I arrived.  Ick.Cowboy Monkey tries a bit too hard.  And on Friday nights is absolutely infested with frat bros.  WTF.  That said, the drinks are strong, and the desserts are good.  It won't be in the rotation any time soon, but I could see myself coming back here.
3	How can you not serve food after midnight? geez, alcohol makes me so hungry!!  it's not like they have really hard-to-make food on the menu .its mostly just finger foods anyway from quesadillas to tacos.. Gr! The outdoor seating is nice as long as there's no one puffing around you.
4	A friend of mine was promoting a show here last night, necessitating a road trip down.  Out of all the places we got during the grand "Annoyingly Large College Town" tour I liked the Cowboy Monkey the best.I won't comment on the music of the groups except to say that one of them made me want to literally tear my eyeballs out.  Just really fucking atrocious and embarrassing.  However I give the place credit for booking kind of weird stuff considering the glossy feeling/look of the place.  I'm pretty glad I don't know the one guy's name because come on, I know I like bad music but you don't just play other people's records, occasionally sing and occasionally add a guitar line.  You lose, buddy.  $2 PBR bottles all night long.  Attentive and nice barkeeps.  Mix of 40somethings and college kids.  Decent sound.  Class organization all around.
2	Decent music spot and great in nice weather to sit outside and have a beer.  But do not go there hungry, service trying to get something to eat is atrocious.  Haven't gone back in a year, too many other places with better service.
3	Well, as I mentioned in past posts, I am from the East Coast and Salsa is huge over there, but unfortunately Cowboy Monkey is just A-OK. It doesn't compare at all to what I am used to, but if you have never been to a really cool place then I guess Cowboy Monkey will do. I saw a lot of older people and not many young people, which is the opposite in the East Coast. Unless I find something more lively, this will have to do for now. Also, let me point out that the DJ kind of sucks. He plays old stuff that is not even popular anymore, but it looks like noone has a clue. Anyways, have fun in your own way. I will.
2	This is a review for their Sunday night trivia.The beer specials are pretty good, I have to give them that. $1 Miller light and High Life pints, plus $3 red bull vodkas. The host is funny and they give good prizes: $10 off your bill for winning a round, $50 for winning the night. Pretty generous.Trivia is a cross between the way Boltini's and Canopy does it. 6 rounds of 10 questions where the host reads the questions and you write the answers down on sheets of paper that you turn in. 6 max per team; you pick your team name. Team names are not as creative as Boltini's nor as vulgar as Canopy, but in time they may be. It is faster and better organized between rounds than the meandering cluster of Boltini's, possibly because the geographic layout, possibly because the skilled an efficient host. There are breaks for bathroom etc. So why two stars? The format needs significant tweaking. The first question of each round is worth 1 and the last 10 points. IMO, they should all be worth one since trivia, by nature, is worthless knowledge. Why should some worthless knowledge be more highly prized? Why should one team that gets 9 answers right lose to a team that got only 6 answers right? The #10 question is not necessarily tougher than #1 for everybody, and even so, should missing one question cost a team almost 20% of the points for a 10 question round? This problem is compounded as points rack up for the final calculation. Really, this scoring makes the night about luck: if you know the bigger point questions, or do really well in a particular category, you will win, even if you get less ?s right.Also, the strict adherence to narrow categories doesn't work. A good category might be 'ancient history', but not 'the 2nd Punic war'. The time I went, there were 10 name that hair metal band from listening to a clip and 10 questions about former World Cup champions and host countries. Unless you had a really deep knowledge (10 point question: name every single team to ever win the World Cup) of both these somewhat arcane topics, you are basically screwed out of competing for the overall prize.Lastly, I ordered the gazpacho. It was bad. It was really just pico de gallo with more cucumbers. Not a soup but more of a raw salsa with large chunks.
5	I am rating the food aspect of Cowboy Monkey 5 stars, because you would be hard-pressed to find a better plate of nachos anywhere. For the Cowboy Nachos alone, which are a bed of chips topped with tomatoes, guacamole, white cheese sauce, jalapeno peppers, and cilantro chicken (optional), I would swim across the ocean to let this savory swell of heaven crash against my taste buds! The food here is excellent. Though it is on the pricey side, when the patio and kitchen are open during the warm months, it is worth celebrating. Sadly, Cowboy Monkey does not serve their tasty Tex-Mex fare during winter or early spring. They open just in time for EbertFest at the end of April. If you like Americanized Mexican food, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
1	I hated this place.  It might have just been a bad time, but, I doubt I'll ever go back.I arrived and found a seat outside, so as to smoke.  I go in and get a PBR, it's loud, there's a DJ, I'm happy to be outside.  I got pestered by a waitress a few times while sitting outside, but I can't really complain about that, since she was kind and was trying to help us out.  I had two beers and was ready to leave, when I went to the bathroom.  On my way there I got punched in the face, accidentally, by some chick that was dancing.When I woke up the next morning, I got a call from my bank about a $25 charge at Cowboy Monkey to my account.  I checked the receipt in my pocket, and sure enough: it was a $5 bill.  Turns out they take a $25 "hold" out on your card when you open a tab, to make sure the card is good.  The catch, though, is you don't get your money back for a few days.  I'm still out $20 to them, three days later.  I paid $25 for two bottles of PBR at this point.So, to sum it up I got punched in the face by an enthusiastic dancer and got WAY overcharged.  So, I'm not too pleased with the place.
4	Definitely a solid place to go for some Mexican style pub food and a brew during the summer. This place is nice and intimate for venues as well, but when it's freezing, the inside can get pretty noisy and packed pretty quickly, so beware. They've also started Sunday night trivia which has become a big hit. Definitely worth checking out!
2	Sigh. This place could be so much better. The food to me is mediocre at best. At worst, you get a large screw on your torta and nearly break a tooth. No, I did not break my tooth. But it was close. The waitress did not seem to think this was a big deal. I did, and so did my entire party of 12. The manager came out and comped the food. I said, well, I am not paying for ANYTHING, sorry. There was a gross screw in my food. He agreed. Waitress gave me a bill and I gave it back politely stating, no, I will not pay for my underwhelming "martini" (made with tequila, my own fault for ordering). She had to go "ask" if this was ok. it was. Very strange interaction. I will go here in a group bc other people want to, but never on my own. I do like the outdoor seating in the summer, though. Music is def NOT my style but others seem to like it a lot.
1	We left after the bar tender insulted my friend. I can see having a bad night, but do not take it out on your customers. To top off our bad experience, this place steals your money. We asked for our check after dealing with the offensive bar tender, and wrote NO TIP on the tip line. Later my cleared bank statement says the jerk gave himself a $5 tip! That is not ok!
2	meh.if you are into hanging out with as many frat brothers as can be squeezed into a half block, this place is totally your jam.  i'm not.  it's crowded.  the service sucks.  the drinks are watery.  the food is just.... well, shitty bar food. and it's loud.  and did i mention crowded?  i am sure it appeals to a lot of people.... who go to college, wish they were in college, or wish they were boning someone of college age.... but man, i'm a realist.  that ship has sailed.  i was so hoping it would be a nice outdoor venue for people who didn't want to hit the campus scene.  it's not though.  it used to be.  now i avoid it like that plague.  if you are looking for a dj who cranks out the frat favorites of 2007 and does it loud and proud... you will love this bar.  if you are looking for a chill place to hang out with your friends and have a couple decent beers, there are other options.
3	Great patio. Odd bathroom set up. A nice little cocktail menu for a slightly more upscale dancy bar.  Would go again...mostly for convenience.  :)
4	You MUST try the Braised Pork Crisp! It is delicious, if you are not a fan of sweet drinks do not get the flavored margaritas, go with the white sangira YUM!
5	Awesome beer selection!I came here with my boyfriend for trivia night, which was led by Dave. The questions were perfect for our group of 7. I even got to answer some ;)Since we won that night, we got a gift certificate to the bar and bought rounds of shots. Cannot think of a better way to spend a sunday.
3	Sat out side and had a cilantro, lime & chicken crisper.  Overall had a pretty good taste.  We also ordered the fresh salsa - way too much garlic in it for me - and the queso dip.  I did not go inside so I can't comment on what the inside is like.  This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cocktail and the weather.
2	Cowboy Monkey is a solidly mediocre bar. I don't dance, but I've been there plenty of times for food or for the Sunday-night trivia. I'll get my biggest complaint out of the way first: their kitchen is closed during the winter. What the hell? I understand why their beer garden isn't open during the winter, but the kitchen!? At least they're okay with you bringing your own food for that part of the year. When the kitchen *is* open their menu is Mexican with a couple of tweaks, and I've enjoyed everything I've had to eat there. The liquor and beer selection is about average for Champaign. The beer garden outside is pleasant; it's closed during the winter but on cool fall nights they set up space heaters so you can stay fairly comfortable.I went to Cowboy Monkey for Big Dave's Trivia Night every Sunday for a long time. Trivia officially started at 7, with Dave usually getting there around 7:15 and the thing actually starting at 7:30. On trivia night the place was packed, though, and you had to be there by 6:30 at the latest if you wanted a seat.The bar has a pretty limited amount of seating, and they don't seem to know how to use it. There were multiple occasions when we found an empty table in the bar but there were no chairs, so either we'd stand the whole time or we'd have to wait thirty minutes for one of the bartenders to go grab some chairs from Guido's (which I believe has the same owners). We got there one week and the inside and beer garden were both full, but there was an empty table outside with some patio chairs stacked up nearby; the guy working told us that he wouldn't set up the chairs for us because he didn't have enough servers working. We offered to go inside to the bar when we wanted drinks, but he still said no. Some weird management decisions at this place.As long as I'm griping, I want to mention the bathrooms. The locks on the doors were always broken, making it seem like the restrooms were intended for multiple people--they weren't. This became clear after you washed your hands and realized that the paper-towel dispenser was located above the urinal some guy was currently using. Fix your locks, cheapskates.During the summer this is a nice place to sit outside and have dinner and drinks. If you can't find a table, though, don't sweat it; just walk to one of the many other good bars in downtown Champaign. We started going to the Tuesday-night trivia at Jupiter's at the Crossing, which is run by the same guy but which offers year-round food and unlimited seating.
4	Great during the spring/summer/early fall because of outdoor seating!  Also during this time the food is great!  Trivia is fun on Sunday's with Dave.  I don't frequent during the winter because the inside is pretty dark and decently small.  I hope they expand their inside into where Carrie's used to be and do food year round!
3	Great food & patio
4	Cowboy... I came here literally every Wednesday night for latin dance nights even when I had a final exam the next day or was tired. Thank you for being free entry. I understand that you had to stop serving us dancers free water after so long, just keep hosting the crazy latin dance crowd and we'll love you forever. Also the bouncer is so nice, which is saying something for the usual downtown champaign bouncer crew.
5	This places rules!  Great Food, Great Drinks, Great Sound Engineer, (he even gave me a wireless mic!) Thanks Derek!Great StaffRad Stage, Fun Bartenders, Vegan Options, All you can eat Chips and Salsa,Outdoor seating, It's perfect rock n roll club!
5	OK, Let me start by saying the whole "bar scene" isn't really my thing. But we went here for a friend's birthday and I was thoroughly impressed. The staff was welcoming, kind and understood exactly what we wanted. We had chips and salsa, (a huge portion) and it was fresh and yummy! Sitting outside was relaxing and lovely. Peaceful decor and just all around great night! Can't wait to return!
2	The best part of our visit was the jazz band outside and the service which was excellent!  They have a huge drink menu.  My margarita tasted like orange juice...no hint of a margarita:(. The nachos were just average mostly goopy.  I will go back for the music but will only order a glass of wine as they need to work on shortening their list and doing something inside the kitchen/bar outstanding:)
