4	With a weekend at the lake quickly approaching and my legs still white enough to scare a ghost, I dived through the doors of Palm Beach Tan and hoped for a miracle.  My only other spray tanning experience was years ago and involved a woman armed with a bottle and good intentions as she prepared to spray areas that had never seen the sun- Way to close for comfort.  Thankfully, spray tanning has come a long way since then.There are four shades to choose from, and various add-on accessories, such as bronzer.  The girl at the front desk was extremely patient and informative as I asked her at least 15 different questions on how to avoid looking orange or dirty afterward.  You have the option of getting a 2-turn stall or a 4-turn.  Definitely opt for the 4-turn, as it's the same price and sprays your sides.  Much like tanning, I felt it to be a very relaxing experience, with the machine telling you exactly what to do and mist moving up and down your body repetitively.I'll have to admit, the results are pretty amazing!  My arms, legs and chest ended up the perfect shade of brown.  I would've worked at least two weeks to get that shade naturally.  The only drawback is my hands and feet looked dirty for the first 24 hours.  I think a pro would know how to help that situation, but my advice is to take your spray tanning debut two days prior to the event you're planning for.  After five days, I still look sun-kissed!  A great experience and kudos the staff for taking so much time with a novice.
5	I just became a member of Palm beach Tan, and I'm loving it. Great customer service, super helpful and informative. Love the variety of beds and the place its super clean.
3	PBT is okay. Best to go at non peak times. Annoying how they ask every single time "how are you on your tanning lotion" even if I had just bought a new bottle the time before. The company started charging 7.50 per month for being on freeze up from $5 without notification. - Unfair but cant beat the convienence of being able to go to any PBT. They just need one in Huntersville or at Northlake area.
5	I just moved to the Charlotte area and what attracted me was the hours since they are usually open till 11:00pm and open 7 days a week...I've been a member for a little over a month & have been going about 4 or 5 days a week. They've always been super friendly & I've never had to wait for a tanning bed. Yes they do try to sell you lotions, but they're far from pushy about it.
