4	This place is a great improvement over the former restaurant. It appears to have been completely redone and cleaned up. The result is a clean, well lighted place. Inexpensive meals in the traditional family style but without the grease. I tried the breakfast burrito which was nicely done with the wrap lightly grilled. Coffee is much better than you would expect in a restaurant like this, and staff is prompt, friendly and helpful. We'll be back to try a dinner. Next door to Ben Franklin, Monona Bootery, Bongo Video, Happy Bambino in the Lakeside Shopping Center.
1	We just moved into the neighborhood and were curious... Sadly, we'll never go back. The chicken fried steak tasted like mystery meat, everything was doused in extra salt, and the vegetables tasted like they'd been in a freezer for years and then poorly reconstituted. Our meals were a disaster.The only two saving graces: A surprisingly decent salad bar (with a lot of fresh fruit and fresh spinach and other fresh, healthy things) and a relatively chipper waitstaff.
4	I eat breakfast here twice a month with a networking group. I've tried a number of dishes and everything has been wonderful. I recommend the spinach/feta omelet.  Coffee is always fresh and good. Service is great.
1	I have lived in the neighborhood for almost a year and had not yet been to eat here. I decided to take my mom out for breakfast and I will never go back. It took a waitress 10 minutes to even come to our table. When she finally did, she greeted us with "do you know what you want to eat?", which I felt was very rude without even greeting us first. With just 3 people we then waited for 50 minutes without getting our food. The waitress infomed us that she was "doing the best she could because there was a party in the banquet hall in the back" and "there was nothing she could do about it and it wasn't her fault". I didn't appreciate the continued attitude from the waitress when we expressed our frustration for waiting almost an hour for our food. I can't comment on the food because after that we left. We won't be going back again.
2	We went there for breakfast on a Sunday morning at about 8:30. It was not busy at all. The service and atmosphere were really great. The restaurant is clean and inviting. My husband and I decided the coffee (very weak and funny tasting) was the deal breaker for us though. We won't go back, since the food was not too great either. My husband had the eggs bene and I had the special, banana and caramel french toast. the eggs were over done, and the caramel was really heavy and a kind of gross consistency. We very much wanted to love this place, since it's close to home and we don't have many brunch options near us. We'll stick to the Jet Room, I guess.
1	I really wish I could like this place because the people were really nice but the food was AWFUL.  Literally lost my lunch, if you know what I mean.  Nuff said.
4	Full disclosure, I only had a shake at Elie's, but, let me tell you about that shake. My daughter and I tried the chocolate peanut butter shake. It was fabulous. After a day at Fired Up Pottery, we had painted up an appetite. Being new to town we had been on the look out for places to replace our favorite go to ice cream places in Milwaukee. The owner of Fired Up Pottery recommended Elie's shakes. They were great. Thick, smooth, and flavorful. I can't speak to Elie's food, but we will be back for more shakes!
4	Came here for an early lunch. The service is descent. The potato soup was a little bland. I ordered the chicken bacon ranch pita that was a lunch special. I'm glad I got it. Tasted very good and it was filling. Prices are reasonable.
4	Very clean family diner with all day breakfast and senior discounts. Very good Monte Cristo sandwich, crispy fries and good sized portions. Kept the coffee filled too.
