4	Pretty nice club.  Lots of entertainment walking around on an event weekend which just makes the spectacle better, but I'd venture to say there might be other clubs equally good if not better?
3	So tacky and ridiculous but pretty fun. When I was here they had all sorts of dancers and gymnasts. The drinks, like Winston's downstairs, were overpriced, and the crowd was yuck but if you can get past that you can have a great time.
2	Went on a Thursday night.  It was alright.  Not crowded at all so we didn't stay long.  Came back later in the night and it was even more dead.Lots of techno and dance.  But we did ask the DJ to play some Hip Hop and he squeezed two songs in.
2	After continuously having to interrupt the bartender from the tennis match on TV to get some drinks, the show began! The most entertaining part? Not the young and insecure "dancers" but the drunken idiots that interrupted the show, yelled and ran into people - for about 20 minutes. All security did was move them ... then left. The girls did do a good job blocking them out.Drinks were pricey and weak. Nice bar and lounge area ... poorly managed. Location and ambiance not being used to their full potential.
3	Its an OK place when it fills up. Usually no lineups and hardly had to pay the cover fee. I've walked in and out of Karina's a couple of times because there was no atmosphere. I do have to say that when the place is crowded and the music is good its a really fun place and drinks are reasonably priced.
4	Great atmosphere. We're doing out staff party there every year.The guys are great, food is good and we always get discounts on drinks.
3	It's a Fun Place to Have a Drink
1	Bartenders are thieves. Besides the service is the worst ever, They charge you  whatever they want. I ordered 1 beer and 1 tequila shot and this guy was charging me 25 dls :/ I asked how much were the drinks and he did not know what to say. Then I went to an other bar station and the same happened again 1 beer 12 bucks??????? I asked why the beer before was 6 bucks And the barmaid said that after 2 am the price goes up Not going back ever.
