3	Conveniently located in the shopping center next to my gym, I stop by here after a workout every once in a while to pick up random stuff.I stopped by here to check out their discounted Halloween decorations, which was 50% Off.  While I was there, I noticed all of the Christmas displays.....already?!I picked up a few Halloween things and couldn't help picking up some Candy too.....Kit Kat & some Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.....so much for that workout!Will I return?  No doubt I will.
3	As pharmacies go, it's okay.  I had a prescription filled that's actually cheaper to get here than by my usual mail order. But I buy most other non-pharmacy items at Walmart when I can, because it's usually significantly less money, even though it's not politically correct.  Sometimes CVS has some good sales, and their non-sale regular prices are cheaper than Walgreen's.  I'm sure I'll be back - in a month, when it's time to refill the Rx.
1	I'll start first by saying that I will pick CVS over Walgreen's any day.  Their stores are well designed, they carry a wide variety of quick need items and are conveniently located around my little neighborhood.  BUT, that's in regards to CVS in general as a company.  This review is in regards to this specific CVS location at Village Center  and that's where the love ends.  I typically go to the CVS on Town Center and Charleston, even though it's farther away from my home and other "errand ready" locations, quite simply because going to THIS location on Village Center makes me wish I'd rather be beaten with a stick.I'd resigned myself to the fact that going into this location was always going to be an unpleasant experience and had chosen, up until today, not to file a complaint as the only time that I go into this location was when I also needed to run next door to the dry cleaners and to Von's and needed last minute or just a few items.  Each time, the store seems almost desolate and empty however it never fails that once I reach the checkout there is a line at least 5 - 8 people deep and the wait time can be 10 minutes or more.  Considering that generally the amount of items people are buying would equate to the Express Lane at the grocery store, the lines should not be moving that slowly.Once you do reach the checkout, it becomes quite obvious what the problem is, and that's a very incapable and ditzy (most times than not) cashier.  It's always slow motion and blank stares at the register screen.  And the cherry on top of this lovely experience is the rude attitude that comes with it.  Until yesterday, I just assumed it was someone who hated their job, or people in general.  But, after meeting and discussing with the manager yesterday regarding my experience I've learned that the employees are merely learning from their boss.Yesterday, it was the same as usual.  6 people in line, with two currently being checked out by one cashier.  With the exception of me, everyone in line had only a couple of items; I had a full cart (was feeling lucky I guess).  After I had been standing in line for about 3 minutes, and the line had yet to move, a lady came to stand behind me with one item.  She stood for a few moments more and then casually (not rudely) asked the cashier if she could call for another checker.  After thinking it over for about 30 seconds the cashier finally responded "Yeah, sure" as if she'd been put upon.  The cashier called for another cashier's assistance and within another 2 minutes, at which point now only one other person had been moved through the line, another cashier arrived.  In the meantime, I told the lady behind me to get in front of me, as she only had one item and I had many.When the backup cashier arrived she motioned to the next person in line, which was the man in front of me before I had let the lady behind me in front, to come on over.  He replied that the lady in front of me could go instead, which she said thank you to and went on over.  By this time, the man in front of me was now at the checkout and at that time I hear and see the cashier say "Thank God you sent her over there because I didn't want to help her.  She was RUDE!"  I stood there in amazement, telling myself to bite my tongue but instead I couldn't justify my experiences at that store any longer.  I commented to the cashier that the lady was "not rude actually, merely asking for assistance to move things along faster."  And that's when all hell broke lose.To sum it all up, the backup cashier turned out to the be the manager.  So when she was done checking out the lady who had asked for assistance, she came over and asked what had happened.  I told the manager what I had witnessed the cashier say to the other customer.  The lady also input that although she didn't see or hear the cashier's comments, she did agree that it was possible because her experiences too at the store were always miserable and that she only went there when absolutely necessary.  She reiterated, as I did, that the service was always slow and employees were always rude and acting as if the customer's are ruining potential break time.  After both she and I had provided our feedback to the manager here's what she said "Thank you for your input.  Have a great day."  NOT I'M SORRY, NOT WE'LL TRY TO IMPROVE...nada.  And, after dismissing me and the other lady, she turns to the cashier, pats her on the back and says "You're doing fine.  Good job.  Don't worry."  I then commented how it was appalling that not only did the customers get treated poorly, the manager didn't apologize, the cashier didn't apologize and instead the cashier gets kudos.Needless to say I've called CVS's customer relations department and filed a complaint.  It has been escalated to the manager's regional director and I've been promised follow up.  In all, DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS LOCATION IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO.
5	I like this CVS.The cashiers are always so friendly and I love the rewards program they have.I often take pictures to get developed at 1 of 3 kiosks they have and the prints are great and so wallet friendly.I can't go and not hit up the candy isle :)
1	No customer service, never more than 2 employees working, no one ever available to help!
2	Be prepared for a wait.  This is the second time I've been here and have had to wait at least 20 minutes for my prescription to get filled even though I waited at least a half hour after my doctor called in my prescription.This time was definitely worse than the first.  I needed two prescriptions for the flu and when the tech handed me one, I reminded her that I needed a second.  She stared at me blankly for a good 3 seconds, so I repeated what I needed.  She didn't speak much English and simply walked off to talk to the pharmacist.  "Oh, we just saw that one.  You wait."  So I waited and finally got my prescription.  Definitely going to a different pharmacy next time.
2	This store has improved since I was last there but it has a perpetual problem of not enough people!   It always takes forever to check out.
1	This review is for pharmacy staff only.I approached the pharmacy window 12 minutes before closing on the evening of Wednesday, May 14, 2014. When the pharmacist saw my prescription he said he couldn't fill it because he "would have to mix it" and it was "too close to closing" and he "still had to close up." He then directed me to a 24-hour pharmacy, about 15 minutes away, and returned to putting things away for the evening. At the other pharmacy, it took 10 minutes to fill the prescription and to "mix it." The pharmacist at Village Center obviously just wanted to go home on time, which I understand, but as a customer, if I approach the window within business hours and you're still operational, then I don't think it's unreasonable to expect service. If you have to work 10 minutes late to accommodate the back office tasks at close of business, that shouldn't impact the customers. Poor service and I will not be returning.
3	They have a pharmacist named Sampson (half baked  anyone?) I cant resist saying "I want to talk to Sampson" in my best Dave Chappelle voice every time im in this place to pick up my medication. ........other than that, just your normal CVS, nothing too spetacular but they get the job done. They even send a text message when my perscription is ready to be picked up.
4	Had to run in here to pick up some last minute things - I'm not from the area but I know all CVS' are the same. It is close to my aunt's house which is awesome because it was really last minute. I came in on 10/4/14, mid-afternoon.I have to say that I was greeted immediately but what sticks out is Austin - he was so nice, genuine and pleasant.  I was standing in another line and he immediately said he could help out; absolutely the best customer service. He made sure I found everything and had a good experience.
5	I have been a long time customer to this cvs. Staff is always so nice and willing to help. I love the front store staff although r is changed quite a bit recently. So glad to see Richard, Ro,-and Ray are still around. They are absolutely great and the original reason I made this my cvs. The pharmacy is great always very personal and I love seeing the same caring people. Ama and Amanie always greet me and my husband by name. The male pharmacist is fantastic he makes every trip there a truly great experience. My favorite cashier Mercedes has moved to pharmacy. She is so nice and very patient. I'm glad they've promoted her. The newest ember Austin is seriously an asset to CVS and I hope to see him in charge one day! It's nice to see such a wholesome caring staff in one place!
