4	Okay, so it's Coco's ... we've all been there (probably sans gramps and grandma).  Nothing to write home about, right?  WRONG!  This particular Coco's far surpassed any Coco's experience I could have ever hoped for.  Everything from their amazing breakfast specials to their downhome service and friendly atmosphere, they really made a regular old breakfast in Las Vegas particularly splashing!  Yeah, so it's no Rio buffet or Wynn's elegant restaurant fusion restaurants -- but believe me, the downhome, local and genuine service along w/their yummy breakfast will make a difference.  Skip the damn lines at the buffets ... Coco's is where it's at!!!
4	I came here on the 30th for brunch with some friends. I got the ham omlette. I'm not a big fan of omlettes, but I got it anyway. It was good with the side of potatoes and pancakes. The service was good and the food wasn't bad compare to all the fast food junk we had for the week.
4	Great Food, Excellent Service!
4	Overwhelming menu. So many choices for breakfast. We had the cinnamon bun french toast. They were delicious, probably the best I ever had. It can get pricey when you start to add side dishes to the meal. Bakery items are fresh and warm, made right in their kitchen. Located next to the Hooters hotel/casino.
1	Utter crap. This being part of a chain, I honestly expected better service and quality (although I think I was the only one unhappy with my food). Our group of 6 walked in around 1, so it wasn't terribly busy. We were seated after a short wait, given menus, and left alone for a good ten minutes. The waiter came back to take our drink orders, delivered the drinks, then disappeared for another twenty minutes. TWENTY minutes, really? I mean, I can understand that there were only three waiters on the floor at the time, so maybe they were just busy..Nope. There were about four other tables with guests at the time, so that's almost a ratio of 1:1. Plus, a table that was seated after us got their food before we'd even ordered ours. That kind of thing always, always irks me. We finally placed our orders (I wasn't too TOO hungry, so I just asked for a "buttery croissant" and a fruit cup...yum). Everyone else's food came out before mine...and they all seemed to love what they ordered. Then the waiter delivered my croissant. It was toasted to the point where it's realllly brown, really brittle, and pretty hard. Not very buttery at all. The waiter asked us if there was anything else, and I asked about my fruit. Another five minutes to get that...BUT in the end I wasn't charged for it. I figured he probably forgot to put it on the original bill since he didn't serve it until I asked, so I was pretty glad...I didn't want to get charged $2+ for a tiny cup of fruit (I'm talkin maybe ten chunks of watermelon and cantaloupe). So after we paid our bill, we went our separate ways; my friends back to Minnesota and Wisconsin, and me back to California. And that was when it hit me: the bubbleguts. Imagine getting horribly, violently sick on a 300-mile drive with only two rest stops on the way. Yeah...it was bad. But while I was stuck doing the head-ass-toilet dance in a Target in Victorville, I suddenly wondered if the fruit was free because it had gone bad. At that point, I wasn't quite so happy about it being gratis.
3	"Cheap Ass Breakfast" is what this place should be renamed. After a long night in Vegas and all your friends are sad they lost all their money you can come here and be happier. Because Coco's only asks for about $5 and you can have a decent breakfast. The breakfast specials are what I would say are equivalent to a "grand slam" at another restaurant. Other than that it is a typical diner menu. The wait staff was friendly and patient with our large group. I think the pure cheapness would make me want to come back here again, other than that nothing really stands out this place.
2	Food was mediocre & service was even worse. I've been to Coco's in Cali & remember it was much better than this. If you're eating at Sunset Station, do yourself a favor & choose a different restaurant.
1	Worst experience ever.. 5 people 5 different meals and 4 out of 5 were made wrong.. 2 of the 4 were made wrong twice!!! They can't even toast a muffin! They burnt it 3 times.. and then they didn't even give us any kind if discount for the bad experience!! It's making me put a star.. but they don't even deserve one!!!!! Will never go back!!
4	WOW does this place make a mean bananna and pecan pancake!! yummy for my tummy! Surprised I got out of my seat by the time I finished this massive breakfast meal! Amazingly cheap breakfast meals!
1	Five of us went to this restaurant only because it was close to the Tropicana hotel.  There were 2-3 waittresses working and the restaurant was not busy but service was SLOW.  One of us had to get up and ask for coffee refills.  Someone wanted to order crepes but the waittress said they were out but blinzes are available.  So that means the crepes are frozen and not fresh!  I am not expecting alot from Coco's but crepes are made with about 3 ingredients and the cooks can't make them from scratch?  The food we did eat was bland and dry.  If I could give it zero star or 1/2 star, I would.
