5	most honest and amazing guys ever! great attention to detail and they are very smart! you can count on good solid honest car repair.
5	Honest and reliable! We have used them three times and Luis is very kind, honest, and not very expensive.
1	Do NOT go here. I took my vehicle to have the transmission rebuilt by this shop due to a noise that sounded much like a card in the spokes of a bicycle. It was rebuilt for the cost of $1500 and I was given a 12 month 12,000 mi warranty. Within this warranty period I returned to the shop due to the same noise occurring. I was told there was nothing wrong with the transmission and that if it went out it would be fixed free of Charge because they were confident it had no problem. Now I believe they were just buying time until the warranty expired because after the warranty expired overdrive went out in the car. This was worse than when I had first taken the car to be repaired (at time of initial repair transmission Functioned fine just made noise). I took car to another shop after this one refused to fix it for free or for a reduced cost. The second shop said a bearing had gone out likely because it was packed too tight by this shop (2b transmission). 2b did a poor job rebuilding the transmission if they even rebuilt it. They then turned me away when I returned within the warranty period with the same problem causing the transmission to fail. They even refused to answer my lawyer. Unprofessional and unreliable.
5	Most honest mechanic ever. Top quality work certified professional! Always provides the best advice and uses best parts quality. Luis is the man!
5	I highly recommend this automotive shop!  Luis is always fair in pricing, honest and very skilled at his craft!!
5	I would highly recommend this place. They replaced my transmission in just a few days. It ended up costing Luis more than he charged me but he stuck to his original price. He stands by his word.
5	I just moved to AZ and needed a mechanic. My friends told me to go see Luis at 2B Transmission and so I did. I was very happy they took good care of me and I highly recommend him. Very nice guys!
5	Luis is great. As a student, I don't have a lot of money but he always tries to find a way to get the best price. His pricing is fair and his skills are great. Whenever I need something fixed, I can count on him to do the job well and I don't need to worry about my car breaking down in the future.He's been my mechanic since 2012 (when I moved to AZ) and I was never disappointed by his work.Strongly recommend!
