5	The address for this business is actually in Phoenix, inside Paradise Valley Mall, next to Penney's, we have been going to this business for many years, my husband loves this place, he will drive the extra miles, just to give this gentleman business, this business has moved a couple of times, but have settled in the Mall, he has fixed many leather purses for me, and my husbands shoes has lasted him years, because he just keeps replacing heels, and keeps them polished, a lot less money, than buying the Italian shoes ! I would recommend driving the extra miles, for this shoe stop, I have tried other places around my home in scottsdale, and my husband and I keep going back to this shoe stop !
5	This man is great, he is accommodating and finishes when he said the work will be done. His prices are fair and his work is quality. I will drive all of the way there from Fountain Hills for all of my cobbler needs. Scottsdale shoe repairmen need to get a heads up--they charge too much and the wait is too long!
5	I can say nothing but great things about this man! I gave him 3 pairs of heels and a belt today, and it was done it 40 minutes! And the price was so reasonable!  He is super sweet and will give you honest feedback about what you really need done! For example, I got an estimate from another cobbler regarding boots I needed fix about 6 months ago.  He wanted to replace both zippers because one was broke.  It was gonna cost me more than the shoes themselves! This man, however, just said the zipper needed to be fixed and nothing had to be replaced! He charged me 1/4 of the price of what the other guy tried to get out of me.  I love shoe shop!  Oh, and like the post above, it is not in scottsdale - it's actually in Phoenix (PV Mall).
5	The sweetest, kindest man on earth!  He re-soled my HD boots and they are now twice as good as they were when I bought them four years ago!More importantly, he re-sized and conditioned my late brother's biker jacket so that my son could now wear it.  When I saw the craftmanship that went into the jacket it brought tears to my eyes.  When he saw the tears, he hugged me, and told me that he was sorry for my loss.  Love him!
