4	This used to be Beautiful Nails.Thanks to my Sister in law (S.I.L.) I would have never known it changed ownership. The spa chairs rock! Seriously I have not seen spa chairs this nice...EVER...not even in Scottsdale shhhhh. They are like TEH ultimate primo massage pedi chairs of all the land. My S.I.L. has been raving about them for awhile now and I was pretty damn curious. We went in for pedi's without an appointment around 11:30 or so yesterday. We were seated right away after picking our colors but we got lucky because right after we got comfy 3 more pedis walked in the door and they had to soak and wait. The unbelievable chairs were now all full!  Even though they now had more customers to work on we were still handled properly and with care. I didn't feel as if they were rushing us at any point. That is a huge pet peeve of mine especially if you have an appointment somewhere and they get slammed and rush to get you out the door I HATE that!! The new owners are very nice and they were chatting and keeping ALL the customer's very happy. We just got normal spa pedi's here but it was a hekka lot more than anywhere I've been for  the price. You cant beat it in this recession really. I'm talking better than Snobsdale $60+ pedi's and hunny I've been everywhere!! They had the same citrus scrub here and hot towels the killer bonus at no extra charge other than the chairs of course was that they did a hot rock massage too. My senses were on feel good overload. No they did not have free fruit, tea, or water with lemon and orange slices in it but who cares!?!? Between the awesome job they did on my pedi and what the chair did for my back I just have one word for you....HEAVEN. I feel a polish change coming on and this place gets an all over body Yumgasm!! They just need to add Aqua Detox and they'd totally be set!!
5	David and Rose own the place and it's like a home. They have the most comfortable spa chairs that feel like you are getting a massage from another person and they take their time. They act like you are the most important customer they have and ask questions and test the polish first to make sure you like it. But the absolute best part was the foot massage and hand massage Rose gives. In addition, they use hot stones on the pedicure for no extra charge, I was in heaven. The price was very reasonable and the owners were incredibly nice. This was my first time and they acted like I was a regular, it was great! I will definitely be coming back as soon as my next mani/pedi is due!
5	Have to go with 5 stars because the price is so great. Not the best area but the employees are great and the $20 pedi can't be beat! Hot stone massage included. I also got a $10 Mani and that was great too. Will for sure be back!!
5	I was in Phoenix for business and wanting to relax so I came here because it was close to my hotel. I am a stickler about mani-pedis to the point where I don't get them anymore but had no choice since my nails looked tragic. It was totally empty and the women that did my nails were amazing! Paid very close attention to detail and couldn't be happier. My only complaint would be that their polish colors aren't the best but I found some good OPI I liked.
5	$30 mani/pedi! I liked this salon because they did not charge me to remove the bit of old gel pedicure that was left on my toes. They also include hot stone rubs in the basic pedi.
4	After my last nail salon spot closed down I was looking for a new place & I think this shop will be my new go to spot when I need a mani/pedi. Reasonable price. The man who did my nails was very friendly and did a great job.
4	Honestly I would normally go to a specific lady to get my nails done but she rides solo and my friend wanted to get her nails done with me at the same time. So I went where my friend goes and I was pleasantly surprised. Not to be snobby but I have done the strip mall walk in nail salon and usually walk out disappointed. I was expecting the absolute worst to be honest. The girl who worked on me NAILED IT! Pun totally intended.I got the gel because that is all they offer. I normally get Shellac but hey...I am a convert for now. I will let you know how the hold up over time. For now my nails are amazing. Not only do they look great but it was done in half the normal time. The reason I gave 4 stars and not 5. The place is a little on the not so new or super clean side. It's not dirty it's just not 5 stars. They also do not provide you with the nail oil my regular nail lady gives me to keep my nails hydrated. The only other thing is the lack of color selection for gels. If you are feeling like you need that electric blue, neon yellow or emerald green (color of 2013) then you are out of luck. All in all I will probably be going here from now on unless I want a more trendy color other than Red. Walk right in and walk right out with great nails and zero guilt on how much you just spent. :)
4	I wasn't really planning on a pedi today but I was in the area and saw a sign showing they do pedis fo $18 mon-wed and I couldn't pass up such a great deal. The salon was empty when I walked in and the decor is pretty outdated (fake plants and all) but the friendly gal told me to pick a color and take a seat, so I did. The color selection was a bit limited but I found a pretty purple color with sparkles and sat in the comfy massage chair. The gal that did my pedicure was absolutely fantastic!!! She spent plenty of time pampering me including an incredible and lengthy massage followed up with hot stones. She was meticulous when applying the color and I am extremely pleased with my experience here. I will certainly return!
5	This place is awesome. They did such a great job on my pedi. Everyone was so nice. I will be coming back.
5	I absolutely love this place and I am so sad it took me this long to find it. It is right around the corner from my house.I have never EVER had a hot stone massage included in my pedicures. I did NOT know what I was missing. The nail art is amazing and I have very small nail beds and we are going on 4 weeks without a single break and 1 fill. The service is amazing, the results are absolutely supurb, my pedicure has lasted four weeks without fail. Get the Gel Coat! It is 100% worth the $5.00 ladies.
5	This place is wonderful, I have been going here for several years now ever since the new owners took over. I usually get pedicure/manicures. The massage chairs are so relaxing, and the owners greet me as soon as I walk in the doors. I very seldom have to wait to get serviced. My mom and sisters have come in here all together, and they sat us in the chairs right away.The lady that does the pedicures is amazing, and so sweet. She does such a great job on my French pedicures and manicures, and also offers other services as well. The spa pedicure includes hot stone massage, which is great for circulation. I feel completely rejuvenated whenever I leave, and Absolutely content. Highly recommend Dh La Nails!!
2	Oh how I wish I could leave a better star rating....Friendly staff, there's only three of them, but non the less they make you feel right at home. The lady that did my toes was awesome and totally knew what she was doing when I asked for french tootsies. And the first time I came here the lady that did my gel mani was equally as awesome. My mistake was to get pink and whites by the husband. Don't get me wrong super nice guy, but the way he did my nails made my neck hurt. BECAUSE ALL MY NAILS WERE LEANING TO THE LEFT!!! I had to tilt my head every time to try and make them seem straight but to no success. And no its not my fingers that go to the left ,i made sure after i ripped them off 2 days after.I guess you can say this review is strictly for the mister who does pink and whites, try the wife or the other lady or you'll be tilting your head to the left to the left...
4	The shop is really modest but, they do a good job. The prices are affordable & the ladies are very gentle. I'll definitely come back
5	I love this place!  Get people and they do a wonderfully, beautiful job with your feet and hands!  They include a hot stone massage with your pedicure!  I get compliments on their artwork on my toes and hands each and every time!
5	Hy, the woman who does my pedicures is very meticulous and good at foot/leg massages, callous removal & most importantly applying the nail polish on the toes so that it looks good for a couple of weeks.  The manicure is done by another lady (who is the wife of the man that owns the place) & does a good job as well.  Just as other reviews mentioned, this place will not break the bank & you can leave a tip on your credit card.  I highly recommend this place!
5	I would give 6 stars if I could.  Hy dies AMAZING pedicures.  Foot and leg massages the rival and professional massage I've ever had.  This was my first trip here because it was nearby during errand.  I'll go out of my way to come back.  Great care and no high pressure upselling.  Is the Salon new or fancy? Nope.  But the service,  talent and skill is above average.  I was in heaven.
