4	My new spot, coming here for the first time. For a long time, i have visited the salons located near my house, this was really my new experience, although it was not perfect at all, their price's reasonable, i got spa pedicure. One more, i noticed their attitude, oh don't get me wrong, i just cared about how they took care of the customers, i don't know others but for me, it's very very important. They made me feel naturally and relaxedly, yep, hope they will be faster at the next time.
4	Came here today w/ my mom; the lady named Tracy gave my mom a regular mani  and I got the gel...she did pretty good, selection wasn't too bad, and they had a promotion going on so that was a plus. The place is practically new but it's sort of hidden. Everything looks clean but I was a bit weird out when she used a "used" a nail file on me...I wish I could've brought my own.
5	After my less-than-spectacular experience at Elements Salon, Sun City was able to accommodate a last minute pedicure request.  The salon is clean and relaxing.  The manicurists are very friendly, and it is clear they like customers.  One thing that I found interesting is the range of pedicure options.  One involves slices of oranges and tangerines in the water, and having one's legs wrapped in orange slices and hot towels.  My pedicure, the Egyptian, involves dried rose petals in the water, essential oils, and a milk and honey (they actually mix milk and honey in front of you, and that's kind of cool) mask. Prices are reasonable.  I will definitely be returning.
5	It's incredibly difficult to find a good salon, let alone a nail artist that always leaves you with amazing results! Love this place :) I swear by Tracy. She's the best!
1	I've been going to Sun City since they opened and had slow business. I felt special until their business picked up. When I  walked in there was aways a greeting. Business picked up and didn't get a usual greeting. On Saturday 4/19/14, I went in at 1:00 for my usual pedicure and filled. I was asked  to come back in 2 hours. Ok, I didn't get upset because I should have made an appointment. I left and returned at 3:00. The lady, I think Tracy is her name, wouldn't acknowledge me and had me siting there for 30 minutes feeling uncomfortable, like I was "in her way." She was also speaking in her language to her coworkers. I would never go back and also informed both my daughters and mom in law about the treatment. They just lost 4 loyal customers.
5	I was in Vegas for the weekend for my friend's birthday. I didn't have time to get my nails done before I left home and I desperately needed a mani/pedi. We decided to stop by sun city nails, and we were not disappointed! We were immediately greeted and taken care of the second we stepped through the doors. The staff is truly amazing and talented, and I felt like I got the royal treatment here. The highlight of my visit was the Egyptian treatment, which includes a milk and honey leg wrap, and it made my skin feeling like new. I'm so glad we came here. I walked out feeling more confident, my skin and nails fresh and glowing. If only it wasn't so far, this would be my new go-to nail salon! Thank you sun city nails!!
5	Very clean environment.  I enjoyed the California pedicure with the fresh oranges.   Simply divine. Michelle gave me a fantastic pedicure.   I am so glad I found a new place to go.   They care more about their customers than any other shop I have been to in Las Vegas.   Thank you!!
5	Awesome relaxing aroma therapy along with a leg mask , massage , pedicure ...so fun relaxing with my daughter in law for Mother's Day!!!  Such a great find for nails and relaxation...thank you Sun city nail and spa...
5	This is a newly open nail salon. The salon is very clean and beautifully painted in calming spa blue and brown. Comfy massage chairs and complimentary beverage. The staff is friendly and skilled with gel nails and pedis. I have been twice now. Each time on a Monday or Tuesday between 1-3pm. We had the whole place to ourselves. This will be my go to nail place from now on!
5	I have been to many different nail places over the last few years but these guys over here are amazing. I ended up spending more than I would have liked but it was well worth it. I cannot say enough good things. I love that they put orange slices in the water for your pedicure. I love the atmosphere. The nail techs are friendly and very thorough. I knew the color I wanted and I knew that I wanted glitter. I picked the color but they tried it and It didn't look exactly the way I wanted, so they suggested "The Rockstar" gel. It turned out awesome! I love this place. I will definitely be going back!
5	After a fiasco with Pink Nails right across the street, my friend and I made an impromptu decision to try this place out instead - since we both really needed to get our nails done. We called before heading over, and they said they were able to take us both in without a wait (when we were supposed to have appointments at Pink Nails, and they "forgot to put us in.") He was ready for us when we got there with all the colors for gel nails ready for us to pick from - they have SO MANY choices!We both came in with pictures of what we wanted, and they were confident that they could "make our nails look better than the pictures," - we loved their confidence! And they definitely delivered. The entire experience was so fun; both my friend and I agreed that we had never had so much fun at a nail salon before! We were the last customers in the shop too (after close) and they didn't make us at all feel rushed or like they wanted us to leave. The decor was gorgeous, the staff was great, and we both left very happy customers! . Highly highly recommend!
5	I've been looking for a good nail salon for quite some time but have always been disappointed.....Well the search has ended. This place is amazing! Not only  did they fit me right in but they were the most personable bunch of people. The lady that did my nails was Jennifer. We had an instant connection. We chit chatted like old friends even though we had just meet. She took her time paying attention to every detail. I've never felt more pampered. Before I knew it 2 1/2 hours had flown by and my feet and gel manicure looked amazing. I had shown them an idea from Pintrest and my nails came out even better than the picture.  You have to go see them at Sun City Nails! They sure know how to treat a person and their skills are unmatched by any other salon. Wish I could give them a 10 star rating but 5 will have to do. ; )
5	LOVE this place!!!  Whoo is AWESOME and he does a FANTASTIC job on my nails!!  The best part is, he's honest and so are the members of the entire salon. No fake "up selling" and no nonsense!!  Just nice, professional people offering you a GREAT service. Two enthusiastic thumbs up!!
5	This is hands down, the best nail shop in Las Vegas! (No pun intended lol)  The staff is so friendly & amazing! They do very neat, clean work & you always have a good time while you are there. You rarely have to wait that long if you are a walk-in, & if you have an appointment, they are so prompt & attentive! They will work on your nails for as long as it takes & they never rush. The shop is extremely clean & very pretty. It never, ever smells of chemicals. If you want your nails done with an amazing amount of care & talent, you need to get to Sun City Nails!!!!!!
4	I recently decided to try out Sun City nails with my mom, since we have both been looking for a good nail salon in our area.I was impressed by how friendly the staff was. We were greeted and sat quickly, I never felt like I was being ignored or rushed (like I do at many salons). I also liked how attentive and engaged all the employees were. My mom and I both got pedicures which we enjoyed a lot and I also got a gel/rockstar manicure. They turned out beautifully. A little on the pricey side and we ended up paying more for our pedicures without really being aware until the end, but a good experience overall.
5	I came here on the recommendation of a friend and I am SO glad I listened. Tracey has done my gel acrylics and manicures since March and she is INCREDIBLE. This place is beautiful, the staff is awesome, and they're decently priced. When you first get there, you're greeted right away and asked what service(s) you'd like. You pick your color and are escorted to a station. Tracey takes her time and gets to know you. She always remembers everything I tell her! She's an absolute sweetheart. I will never go anywhere else but Sun City Nails!! :)
5	A great place for an inexpensive day at the spa.
1	I really liked this place when I first started going here, but just like every other nail place, as soon as they get busy their quality goes down. I probably would have been a little more generous on my review had they not totally screwed me over. I was getting married in November and wanted to bring my bridal shower here. I felt so special because they offered to open up on Monday just for us. Everyone was coming in from out of town and I had raved about this place so I was excited for them to experience it. Little did I know my whole day was about to be crushed. We showed up at the allotted time, no one is there. We wait a little longer, still no one shows up. I tried to call thinking maybe someone is in there getting set up. I left a voicemail explaining the situtation. We had to call around last minute and try to find someone to take all of us. Luckily for me, my wedding nails turned out beautifully. I'm very disappointed in this place. I never got a call back, never got an apology, and I will not be back.
