5	When I moved to Las Vegas I went on a search for the best exterminators in the area and stumbled upon Apple Exterminating, the owner Frank comes out to my house once a month and keeps the yard and house bug free. I told him about the bugs on the tree, he took care of it - poof no more.I had an ant hole in the front yard, called him and the next morning it was gone. No more problems. These folks are on top and are very reasonable. I pay a year in advanced to get a deeper discount and not have to deal with monthly checks. Been using for over a year now and continue to recommend them to everyone.
5	i called these guys this morning and left a message, i think i called before they were open...they called me back shortly after 9 am told them my bee situation they said they would be at my office in a few hours and they were!  The found the hive told us how they were getting in the building and even offered to come back the next day and make sure everything was gone.  They were professional and I would highly reccommend these guys!
5	Had an outbreak of Black Widow spiders in the backyard, all around the pool, hot tub, and garden areas. Lots of them. My wife and I were terrified.I looked for exterminators on Yelp, and while most had no reviews, this company had three 5-star reviews, and a 5-star overall rating, so I gave them a call.They were out here the very next day, and the exterminator was very knowledgeable. As he was spraying, he talked a lot about Black Widows, dispelling some of the mysteries. He also pointed out 2 other types of spiders that we had, that I had not noticed.Finally, he spoke a lot about the make-up of the spray that they were using, how it worked, and that is was non-toxic to humans, which was a concern I had.Overall, I feel a lot better now, and I am entirely spider free, so 5-stars is an apt rating, as it was a simple, perfect experience.
5	If you are looking for a quality exterminator you won't get anyone better than Apple.  Upon moving into our new home we noticed a roach and ant problem.  Apple was the only exterminator that had any reviews so I gave them a call.  It is one of the best calls I have made.  Apple shows up once a month for regular service as well as other times as needed.  i.e. when my nasty ant problem appears every summer. After two years of service, I have nothing to complain, these guys are top notch.
5	Very professional and thorough!! I made the mistake of signing a contract with another exterminator, I regretted that decision after the 1st month. The other company was not as nearly professional or personable. Whatever spray they used was not as good as what Apple uses. On that note, what Apple uses is completely safe, my daughter is allergic to, what seems to be everything, she did fine after he had sprayed the inside of the house and her room. Needless to say I'm back with Apple and will not change ever again.
5	I have been using Apple for more than ten years,  I recently moved and  due to issues with the management company, they sent a "free extermination".  I had not yet moved in so I had the entire house sprayed, doors, windows, garage, you name it.  Found some dead roaches on moving day and figured ok it worked.  Not so fast, when I turned on the light in the garage, I could little feet scurrying.  When I opened the garage door, roaches and beetles scurrying around the driveway.  The final straw came the  day I opened the  laundry room door and little spiders were literally streaming on their silk from above the door and door jam.  I used a natural spray and yes, I killed them.  I called Apple and Scheduled my monthly visit.  Frank came, sprayed the outside and yard and poof, no more bugs!! Not in the garage, on the driveway or my patio.  Next month, I am taking the day off so I can have the inside sprayed, too.Professional and friendly.  I highly recommend Apple, they are the best.
