1	Tried Volcano Buffet on their opening day. I was greatly underwhelmed. Food was bland. Nothing was great. It was barely good, and nothing I wanted seconds of. Doesn't that defeat the purpose of a buffet? Anyway, I wouldn't waste my time or money if I were you. This Volcano was a dud. I would rather suck it up and drive to Crazy Buffet.
3	Chineses Buffetus Genericus. Okay, but nothing great. They have all of the typical buffet fare, plus sushi and a little grill. The food was all pretty average, though I will say that their desserts were fresh, which is unusual at a Chinese buffet. We got there right as lunch was changing to dinner, so they were bringing out new dishes the whole time we were there, so that was nice. Service was super friendly and good. The price was about what you would expect--$40 for three adults and a child. If you are hungry, in a hurry, and in the area it is okay.
2	Their prices are good, but the food is really meh. The dishes were hit and miss, mostly misses. They had a lot of shrimp dishes, which I don't mind because I like shrimp. Their cold seafood looked pretty fresh - they even had crawfish, which I haven't seen at a buffet like this before. But besides that, most of their hot dishes were too salty and the meat was overdone. The sushi bar didn't have any sushi - only rolls that didn't taste that great because the rice was dry and hard. Their hot and sour soup was not hot or sour but completely sweet, which I was really disappointed about. the desserts looked store-bought and was overall pretty meh.We went for dinner and it was at a pretty good price - they have us 10% off the normal $9.99 - so that sort of makes up for it. Also, the service was okay, but the waitresses were chatting with each other the entire time and were cleaning and sweeping the floor right while we were eating - that wasn't too appetizing. Won't be going back.
3	Mike C., Robin N., Rand H. and I ate here today and the food was fair. I did have a few dislikes: one thing was the spicy food was not spicy (I like spicy), the salads and desserts were not marked, they had no window shades so the restaurant was very bright and as Frank P. said it was pretty generic. At the close of my meal the discussion that followed had Volcano Buffet teetering between three and four stars. So I came home to look and see what other people are written about it before I made my decision. After thinking about it for a little bit I decided that it would be three stars.I do have to say that the help was friendly, the food was good and the price was fair. So . . . three stars it is. Oh yeah . . . some of this place is still under construction, they are adding a patio for outdoor dining and they said they will be adding window shades to the same side of the restaurant that they're adding the patio onto. So I did check off outdoor seating although it is not in existence as yet. That's all folks.
3	Got together today with Robyn N., Mike C., & Jeromy H. to check out this new Buffet.  Here's how it went:LIKED:*  Friendly staff!*  101 main food items to choose from!*  Delicious Hot & Sour Soup (contrary to what someone else thought of it)!*  Fresh pineapple, not canned!*  Ceviche with big shrimp in it, plus tostadas (ok, big chips) to go with it!*  Tasty, seasoned Chinese Snow Peas at the salad bar!DIDN'T CARE AS MUCH FOR:*  Glary interior due to no window shades...  like eating in an empty fish tank!*  Tough seaweed!*  Really blah Egg Foo Young & sauce!*  Tough, rubbery "Volcano" chicken!*  Ice cream freezer temperature too low.  Hard to scoop!*  Many food items not marked!*  Some empty serving trays!  (Lots to eat overall, but empty trays a no-no!  They should put a little SOMETHING in each one.)Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.19 Sr.  Outdoor seating under construction.
4	I had lunch here with Robyn N.,Rand H.,and Jeromy H. and we all agreed this place was between 3 and 4 stars, well every review I have read about this place is 3 or lower. I feel they deserve a better rating than that. The food I ate was all good and the staff were very friendly .With over 100 items to choose from there is enough good choices for anybody. This place will not make my top ten list for buffets but Yay I am a fan. When I left I was Full and had enjoyed everything I ate. And yes I would return.     P.S. The chocolate chip cookies are great.
2	I came here tonight to try something different and see what this place is all about.  In some ways, this place is not half bad, but in others, its kind of meh.On the good side, prices are nice!  Buffett was $9.99 and drink was only a little bit more, totaling $11.97 for all the food you can eat.  Its all chinese food, so be prepared!  I tried a little bit of everything, and some food was better then others.  If you don't want to stay for the buffet, you can order carryout for a reasonable price, which is nice.The Sushi was okay, but was a little on the dry side for me.  Had some crab, and that was alright, along with some really good fried rice!  yum on the rice!   The egg rolls were aweful, and at worst, the food is a bit dry from being out for a while and probably cooked in a mass setting, versus to order...like rand said, some of the stuff was a bit on the rubbery side, but edible.Service was really really nice and friendly, but I had to hunt someone down to get a refill on my drink. O, and they only have pepsi products here, so no coke or Dr. Pepper.  BBBOOOOOO!  Overall the food wasn't horrible....and I think the place is okay.  Decorated okay, with black marble looking tiles, plenty of seating, and an ample amount of food.
1	You can  put a bunch of money into a restaurant and hire all your family members to work it, but if there is ZERO english spoken, bad service, and then you try to rip off your customers...me thinks no way in HE$%.My son wanted to take me to lunch today on his day off.  Now I have been to this place before sinec it has been open and it was ok.  high marks for being clean because it is new, but the staff could care less about you.Come to today.  I tell my 8 yr old son it will be about $15...so cute he wants to buy.  I tell him we are going to order water to keep the cost down.  We walk to the counter to pay and WOW, they have a 50% surcharge for President's Day!!!  $11 for me and about $7-8 for an 8 yr old!!!  Are you kidding me???  All the people could say was "it is a holiday".  Likely not even for them.  It is just a monday.  So instead of $20 for lunch with water we hit a place we go otherwise and was $12 WITH drinks and great food.  I will never go back to this place no matter what.  The price is higher than all others and after seeing how they care about their customers and try to take advantage of them...FORGET IT!!!
2	I've given them the benefit of two stars because the hostess and I bonded with our pet dog talk, I hadn't eaten all day and I was starving.  Otherwise only 1 star. Lots of over-fried food on the buffet. I don't eat fried food. Ewwww-I just bit into some sushi with a jalapeno pepper in it. I spit it out, but my mouth is still burning. Excuse me while I go throw up!UPDATE: My stomach STILL hurts two days later. I'm SO not using the buy 10 get 1 free punch card! That's the same punch card that just got shredded. BYE, BYE Volcano.....
4	Just another Chinese Buffet, with all the same standard items as most.  The reason for 4 stars?  I loved the fried shrimp they had for lunch, the excellent egg foo yung and what seemed like homemade chocolate chip cookies on the dessert bar.  The ceviche on the salad bar was fresh and very tasty, I could have made a meal out of that alone!Better than 3 stars, maybe not quite a 4, but to offset the other bad reviews I'm bumping them up one star ;)
2	Pretty average stuff.  An employee made is a less than pleasing experience when listening to a LOUD on-hold message on her cell phone speaker. I mentioned it was loud. She looked up and mumbled something. Perhaps she did not speak English, is retarted, or didn't give a shit?
3	It's been 6 months since a bunch of us Yelpies hit this place, at which time I gave it 3 Stars, barely.  Well, today it was "deja vu all over again."  Our group this time was Arlin B., Norm R., Robyn N., Mike C., & myself.  THE GOOD:*  The Won Ton Soup was great!  (The Hot & Sour was good, not great.)*  The ribs were good!*  They still have fresh pineapple!*  4 kinds of real ice cream, kept at the right temperature!THE NOT-SO-GOOD:*  The buffet prices are not posted!*  High lunch price for a Chinese Buffet of this quality & number of items served, at $7.99/$7.49 Sr.  (I eat at all of these places.)*  Layout of the place isn't especially attractive or comfortable.*  Selection reduced to 76 foods.  (It was 101 last time.)*  The salad bar was weak.  Only lettuce & tomato.  No more snow peas!*  There's a Mongolian Grill, but it's tiny with only 2 meats & they were pre-cooked!*  Some of the "hot" food was cold!  (Where's the health inspector?)*  Fried chicken was greasy & not especially good.*  3 Stars again, barely, again!     :-O
3	This is a rather typical mostly-Chinese buffet. There are some hits such as the soups and a few dishes like the beef and broccoli, chicken curry, ceviche,  and good-quality fresh fruits including freshly-cut pineapple; there are also a few misses such as the sushi of limited variety and mediocre quality. The service was very good, but I felt that the price for lunch buffet was a tad high ($7.99) compared to other buffet places of similar quality.
3	Ok,my first impression by the name alone was scary.hahha,volcano butt.so the offer a happy hour,we paid 18.87 for 2 buffets and one hot tea,so cool.the have a traditional offering on japanese and chinese food,the spare ribs and terryaki skewers were good.noodle selection and souls were good,alot of seafood which was kinda of scary from a buffet stand point.the desert bar is crazy big with selection even 4 kinds of ice cream in a cooler.they also served mexican and indian and american dishes.weird,but not surprising,owl go back if they don't close,oh its next to ski pro in that big ass parking lot
3	This is an "A-OK" Asian buffet with all of the standard Asian dishes.  I met some Yelp friends here for lunch a couple of weeks ago and I thought it was "A-OK".We were one of the first to arrive and they had not finished putting everything out, but that was OK.  One of the highlights of their buffet to me was the amount of fresh fruit they offered.  They had mounds of freshly cut berries of all kinds, melons and pineapple.  The curry dishes, ribs and beef dishes were all pretty good.  The sushi and some of the shrimp and a few of the fried chicken dishes were not so good.  Some of the dishes were not at the temps I would have preferred them to be but had some decent flavors.This was an up and down meal for me at The Volcano.  The service was very good.  Some things I really liked and others just fell a bit flat.
5	I'm one of those persons who will eat chinese food 2 times a day if given the chance;  good chinese, bad... quick or fancy.  Doesn't matter much to me, and as such Volcano Buffet could of been MUCH worse and I wouldn't of minded. So, its become a rather pleasant surprise as to how much I love this place.I usually try to arrive by 10:30-11am as thats when its empty and the food is freshly arriving to the main buffet area.  In that way, I KNOW I am getting the best food I can.The price for the buffet I find to be just fine as I eat an insane amount of food from here;   if you are used to panda express sort of americanized chinese food, and pay for their meager portions, then you should be uber excited that its all you can eat and the quality, in my mind and taste, is much better.I have it down to a science, what I eat here.   The actual chinese dishes are quite good.  I don't eat the items that are here for those who don't actually want vegetables or chinese food.   So, if you want a review of the pizza or chicken wings, thats not what to come here for.Grab some volcano chicken,  beef w brocolli, steamed rice, chow mein, hot sour soup,  lil' potstickers... and keep going!   I usually stray away from shellfish at a place like this, so I can't speak for that,  but if you try toe kungpao chicken, the black pepper chicken,  spicy pork... YEAH!  damn good!Over to the dessert section, you have nice fruit,  pastries, ice cream, jello, and pudding.  My secret favorite is the tapioca and one of the fried lil' donuts.  And when I'm done with dessert, I grab another bowl of hotsour or wonton soup.Volcano buffet is perfectly fine for chinese food in the valley;  I haven't had a bad experience here yet, and Ive been by at least 10 times in past few months.Cheers!
4	I only reserve the 5-stars for the grandest of buffets, such as in Vegas, or the Texas de Brazil in Miami (although pricey). I have been to numerous Chinese buffets in the valley and this one still left a good flavor in my mouth. Most of the time I leave a buffet feeling fatter and sick to my stomach but this one left me with a very pleasant feeling. I wen to this buffet last week, and after letting it settle I say I will go back again! The food was not soggy or watered down (like most buffets), but it also wasn't burnt on the heating pans. The orange chicken was crispy and orange, very competitive to Panda Express. The selection was broad but the best part was the cleanliness of the buffet. Very clean!Okay, so it is an A-OK buffet, but a step above most. If you want a positive buffet experience, while still catching the game on one of their two TV's, I'd go here.
4	This buffet is delicious! They have very fresh and tasty items. They have all the usual options like beef with broccoli, sesame chicken, and crab puffs... but they also have a really yummy volcano chicken, pineapple shrimp that has a great dynamite-style sauce on it, and fried frog legs. The sushi isn't very good, but they have so many other choices it didn't even matter. Our server was also excellent and very helpful. Overall, this is a great place.
4	My boyfriend and i LOVE Volcano! We are there at least twice a month! It's very clean and you don't leave feeling grously stuffed. The waiters are also very kind and attentive. The main drawback is that... THEIR SUSHI SUCKS! This alone is very important to me, and if they improved it... they would definetly get my 5-star rating. Go check it out! Their orange chx is my fav :)
1	Everything was very greasy. They had 1 beef dish 1 pork dish and the rest was chicken no variety. The food had no flavor.  On the up side the service was great.
3	When I first went there I liked some of the food and I thought they had drinks at 99 cents.  The second time I went I was disappointed to find no cheap drinks and prices were not what I paid the first time. I guess it was grand opening special, I dunno.  The food then was okay, not much selection. They may had a couple foods differenet then other buffets had but everything else was just blah. Their food wasn't bad I think need more variety.  They were clean and nice atmosphere!
4	Just tried tonight with a group of almost 30 people. We actually tried the hot pot. It was very good, food was fresh and plentiful. I tried a little of the buffet, it seemed a bit smaller than the regular buffet at other Chinese places but was good. Desert was OK. The place was pretty busy for Wednesday night, lots of young Chinese people so I guess they feel that the food is good. It is pretty clean. Service was good, the owner? and the cook came out and asked us if we liked the food. they also explained how they prep all the food and sauces. I would go back again.
4	I think the buffet is for Americans that have never eaten anything spicier than a French fry.  We noticed there were no Asian people eating from the buffet, only Americans. Not a good sign for my love of real Asian food. On the other side of the restaurant where they serve hot pot it was packed with over 100 Asians, mostly families. It was a little pricey but very good. There was a good selection of seafood, beef, pork, veggies and spices. I'll definitely return. Although the food was excellent the staff seemed overwhelmed and unorganized. They were actually running from table to table and spilling things which made me feel very nervous. That's why I only gave 4 stars.
4	Hot pot!  If you get hot pot here, the buffet is included.  The buffet itself is your standard greasy Americanized type food, with a plethora of battered and fried chicken covered in a sweet sauce (Various incarnations here include volcano chicken and orange chicken).  They do have sushi here but it is very limited and contains all cooked forms of sushi (e.g., shrimp nigiri) but no raw, which is probably better that way if they do not get a lot of people frequenting the sushi bar.  Desserts include various fruit, jello, some strudel-looking cake pieces, cookies, cream puffs, and ice cream.Now on the the hot pot!  The broth here is so good.  There are a lot of veggies and Chinese herbs that flavor the broth, making it a whole lot more flavorful than the same type of broth at Mekong Palace.  The price is for all you can eat, and there is a wide selection of meats and vegetables to choose from.  Selections include thinly sliced beef, squid, chicken organ meats (liver, hearts), blue crab, tofu, lotus root, crawfish, taro, bok choy, various noodles, and daikon.The standard broth they will bring out is a 2 sectioned pot that is filled with half of the original style chicken stock with pork, and a spicy broth (as spicy to your liking) on the other side.  There is a dipping station too which includes all the types of condiments that my mother uses when she makes hot pot (egg, satay, soy sauce, green onion, ginger, garlic, sesame sauce).The price?  $19.99 for all you can eat, $.99 for soft drinks and iced tea.  Service was very attentive.  I'll definitely come here again for hot pot, but probably not so much for just the buffet!
4	Your average Americanized Chinese buffet. The salmon was good.Above average.
5	I am a Chinese and I know Chinese food.  I was a Chinese chef before wile I was in College.  This is the place for Hotpot.  The buffet is OK.  The soap in the half and half pot (half spicy and half not space is excellent).  They use Chinese herbs like the expensive hotpot places in Hong Kong.  There are a lot varieties of vegetable and seafood and meat.  It is $20 with free drinks and worth it because it is a Buffet.There are better places for Chinese buffet.  This is the best Hotpot place in Arizona and comparable to a lot of Hotpot places in CaliforniaHK
2	This is my third trip to the restaurant, I have no issue with the taste of the food, it is pretty much average buffet.  The price to me seems a bit high $12 for just buffet, drink extra as well as dim sum table is extra, hot pot is again extra. All that aside, my true issue is one of safety.  I had some pineapple shrimp and when I started to eat it I noticed the veggie was frozen, no cool but frozen, the shrimp and sauce were steam table warm. This was not just set out and out was about half gone. I pointed out the frozen carrot until someone who spoke some english told me that is how they make it.??? Anyone in food service knows you cannot put a cold dish or part of the dish cold on a warming table. I also found on other dish to be room temp, about 70 deg would be my guess.I did eat it all and have not become sick, but I did not expect to as I have billy goat stomach.Maricopa health needs to visit them.
3	I took my sister and son here, and we thought it was pretty good. Had a decent amount of spicier foods than you usually see in a Chinese buffet. Options available for picky children. They did have simple chicken and fries that a picky toddler will eat happily. Everything we tried was fresh tasting. It is a bit pricey, but it's not too bad.
2	The food was all right, nothing too outstanding about it and nothing too bad about it. The service was all right. I find that the price was a bit much. I can understand paying extra if they were including their hot pot in the price, but they don't; they charge extra.
1	This restaurant was despicable. The food was cold and the sushi was warm.  We brought our 2 year old son with us and they sat us right in a walk way where only one slim person could pass. I asked at least three different times if we could move and the man told us no however , the place was completely  empty and the excuse was that they just cleaned the opposite  area.  I moved my family without permission regardless because ill be damned if some person spilled food on my child because the bussboy failed to move us.  when i went up to the buffet, everything  had been sitting out and obviously  hours old.  this restaurant is to be open until 10pm and we went at 8pm. I highly  doubt anymore  food was being prepared  so anyone  else coming in will  be exposed to this poor quality of food that i wouldn't even feed to my dog if i had one.
5	Only go there for the authentic Chinese Hot Pot. The best i ever had in US. The materials are fresh and the hot pot soup is as what we have in China.
5	The food and service were awesome!! server was nice and always had our drinks full. Although i wish they had better desserts, everything else was great. very clean too
1	Terrible... not much selection and old food
4	We are regulars here because the food is good, staff is super friendly, and well....you can't get that unlimited sushi for that price anywhere else!edit*** 1/30/13 Okay, we still go to Volcano all the time but the ice cream situation is grossing me out. My kids love ice cream and the "freezer" the ice cream is stored in has a broken glass covered with tape, the freezer either makes the ice cream rock hard or way too melted. Please guys, just get rid of that thing and put in a soft serve machine. You can serve the green tea ice cream in soft serve. PLEASE.
5	Go here for Hotpot!I love hotpot. I have been to Sichuan China several times and love the spicy hotpot there. The hotpot at Volcano is the best one I have found in the area. I don't go looking too often because we usually break over $40 for my wife and I. This was a pleasant surprise to see the hotpot all you can eat for half that. We also opted for the BBQ which I believe was only a couple dollars more. The selection for the hotpot is very Chinesey, I wouldn't mind if they put a couple of americanized items on the selection. The selection for the personal dipping sauce was very good, one or 2 more selections would have made it excellent. But at $24 for the hotpot and BBQ this was "as good as it gets."Staff was very friendly and attentive. I don't do Chinese buffet so I can't say anything about their buffet. I will return soon.
2	Sorry volcano your staff is very nice and polite but your buffet sucks I love seaweed salad but yours had a funky taste every dish I had that should have been warm to hot was cold.I went back for a second helping but every thing I choose was so mediocre I left almost a whole plate of food and left.
5	This review is for the hot pot (huo guo) and the hot pot only.  For the poor souls not in the know, hot pot is a pot of boiling soup, into which you put raw meat, vegetables and noodles to cook at your table.  The soup can be anywhere from mild to spicy in flavor, and you can also get the yin- yang, which is one side spicy and one side mild.  I used to live in Chongqing, China, which is the hot pot center of the universe, so I was delighted when a Chinese friend told me she knew a place for hot pot in Arizona.  We were greeted by exceptionally friendly waitstaff.  "Are you drunk?" the waitress asked me, with a smile.  "Um, no..." I said.  "Oh! Oh no... I mean do you want a drink!" she corrected herself, blushing furiously.  We laughed, knowing the evening was off to a good start.  We ordered the spicy hot pot... the kind that hurts so good and makes you sweat, and went to the buffet to load up on meats, and veggies.  The selection was pretty good.  Lotus, lamb, pork, beef, prawns, tofu, eggplant, a variety of greens, noodles... there was also some stuff I'm less keen on like chicken hearts, but the beauty of a buffet is that you don't need to touch anything you don't want.  I'm an omnivore, but vegetarians could make a good meal out of the veggie offerings in a hot pot.  The waiter was very attentive throughout.  My friend and I agreed that he was the happiest looking waiter we'd ever seen, almost to the point of being strange.After we had been eating hot pot for about two hours, we put up the white flag and moved on to dessert.  The fruit was pretty picked-over, but the little cakes were good.  I also tried the skanky looking scoop-it-yourself ice cream and decided buffets should stick to soft-serve.  As I indicated at the beginning, I didn't try the other foods at the buffet.  They looked nasty, but I am not a fan of pre-cooked buffets and American-style Chinese food in general. Price for dinner was about $20 pp.  A little steep, but it's a special treat, not an every-day meal.
4	Good food. Good price.  Great staff. We did the dinner buffet on a Thursday evening.  No problems.  Good experiance.Will return.
2	We just had the buffet and it was a special at the time so luckily it was cheaper than normal..and they gave us free drinks which was super nice of them but the food wasnt really that great. My husband and his friend liked it but I wasn't very impressed. The green tea ice cream was good though...lol. =)
1	Went here on a whim (I have got to stop doing that) because I was in the mood for chinese greasy-ness and boy was that a mistake. The buffet line was really sad looking. Most of the entree items were cut up really small as if they didnt have enough food in the back. Nothing really stood out to me taste wise..Oh ya and they only had iced tea and diet pepsi............. yup that it. and when I asked for a refill he gave me about 1/4 a cup in my glass because they were low LoL. Come on people!!
3	This place is now CLOSED.We did not forecasted that this restaurant would. The service we received during our four other visits were better than what we received from the host/cashier. The hot food seemed a bit scarce, but better tasting than another spot we USED to go to. Price is fair for lunch. We cannot comment in dinner, as we did not dined here during  dinner service.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =This barely 3 Stars Buffet finally folded.  It surprised me to have it last as long as it did, & I think we're just as well off without it!     :-)
