1	First stop on our Saturday night  Montreal club romp, we rolled up to Rouge, the only spot on this jammin' street that didn't have a line streaming down the block. Should have been the first sign, but it was early so we gave it a go.No cover charge was a plus and as we made our way up to the second floor to check out coats, our first glances were of a filled club of people, seemingly having a good time, kinds of getting into the groove. Could it be we struck gold on our first try?Coats checked quickly (only $1.50), we headed to the bar. Though our drinks came in the tiniest of glasses (think rocks glasses instead of collins glasses), they were only $13 for two. We would soon come to realize that this would be the highlight of the evening.First major problem: this club doesn't take credit cards! What kind of club doesn't take plastic? Maybe it was because we were American? Maybe the machines were down? (though I didn't notice any machine to begin with) In any event, when I attempted to hand my Mastercard over to the bartender, she waved her finger in my face (no!) and walked away.After settling the tab and taking a gander around the second floor, we knew right away this wasn't going to be the place for us. The club was kind of dingy, the crowd was less-than-appealing and the music was loud and terrible. Not ready to give up, we tried our luck on the first floor. As we walked out onto the dancefloor, the DJ starting spinning "Whoomp There It Is' and the crowd went CRAZY like he just dropped that new Kayne track. Yep, it was time to go. On the way up to retrieve our coats, there was a wretched stench wafting out of the ladies room. I mean gut-churning, nose-pinching stink. Classy, Rouge, Classy.After doing a bit of research, I quickly learned that Rouge is a 25+ club geared towards the 'older' crowd who apparently used to frequent this other club Angel back in their more formidable years. Yikes. I'd like to chalk this one up to my big tourist mistake of the trip. Le sigh.
4	I'm going to have to jump on the "i don't get the other reviews" bandwagon. Was there this past Friday for a bachelorette party and we all had a blast. It was busy but there was still enough room to cut a sweet sweet rug. Annnnd cut we did! Not sure if the divided reviews are based on age differences but I see nothing wrong with gettin' my groove on to Whoomp!? That may be because I am part of the shameful 25 and above crowd. Drinks were insanely cheap compared to the t.dot and they accepted our credit cards with glee. All around a great night, almost reminiscent of the good ole days...University. It was great to go out for a good time without any snobbery or douchebaggery.Would absolutely return!
3	The music is ok, and getting in is a pain. Somehow the place is always packed after midnight and there is hardly any room to dance or move.
5	Went to the rouge last night (Friday the 9 dec), we had reserved a table to celebrate a fellow workers birthday, there were 9 of us in total.  We had a blast!!  Music was great (second floor as we never went to the third), we ordered bottles of vodka for our group which is the way to go.  The staff was nice,friendly and attentive which is always a plus and we danced the whole night, (even the non dancers got caught up in the fun).  The place is big and was packed and everyone seemed to have fun, the entire room was swaying and cheering and taking photos.  I recommend this place for groups looking to celebrate an event anytime.  Thanks to the rouge team for making our night... we may be hurting in the morning ....but that's just part of it.  The only thing you might consider doing differently is offering some advil to your guests as they leave, cause you make em party hard.
5	Recently went to this club in Montreal with a group of friends and had we had a blast! 2 bottle service and originally had reserved a table and I didn't like the section where we were suppose to sit, but the staff was friendly enough to move my group to sit right in the center of the club! It was great! Guys the canadien ladies are beautiful and they definitely know how to party! My original interary was to go to various clubs but this one was so great that we stayed all night and then went back again the next day! Highly recommend it!
5	I've been going to Montreal at least once a year for the last 10 years and have to say this has to be one of the better clubs on St. Laurent St.  I don't know how this place gets bad reviews.  If you like a good time, dancing, and good stiff drinks this is the place to be.  I went on a Friday night at 11pm and was let in with no cover with two female friends of mine who love to dance.  The place was comfortably packed with a chill 21+crowd who all seemed to be having a good time dancing and chilling out.  I can't deal with the 18+ clubs anymore.  I also like that the place wasn't a vicious "sausage factory" with 20+ dudes crammed into a table service area like most of the other clubs I went to.  It was the perfect ratio of males to females.  It's well kept club with an great design and layout too. Who ever was the DJ, he was on fire with the music.  It was a blend of top 40, hip hop, techno, 90s and 80s (such as Michael Jackson) that kept the crowd moving and cheering with approval at every perfectly timed music transition.  I judge a club by how energized the crowd is, and this place makes gets asses shaking.  This is especially important when factoring in the amount of smoking hot women present.  The upstairs room was equally as impressive with a bigger dance area that played songs like "Poison" by Bell Biv Devoe that got the crowd jumping. The drinks at this bar weren't overpriced and had great deals like getting 10 shots for $35 of premium liquor. Not a bad deal if you ask me.  I also like that they've avoided the the lame "controlled pour" machines that make your drinks taste like they barely have any alcohol in them.  My friends and I were glad to find this club after going to less impressive establishment.  We stayed till 3am and had a hell of a time. Definitely how a club should look and feel like.
4	Had a blastttttttt here!A good walk from the metro (uphill), so wear comfy shoes. Partied here for the first time last night (Sat) and had a blast. It's tough to get in if you're not getting table service or on the guest list (even guest list ends at 11:30), so I say get there  by 11. Two floors, bottom floor heavily hip hop and top 40 top floor heavily house. The bottom floor especially gets reallllllly crowded, so if your with a large group good luck finding a place to dance. There's no dance floor on the bottom floor just tons of people standing around the bar shaking their tail feathers. We ordered 2 shots of Patron and it came to $30 (steep!). The crowd is 21+ although we never showed ID. If you're in the mood to dance all night to some good music and don't mind the crowd this is the place to be!
1	If I could give zero stars to rouge I would. They have two separate entrances,  one for regular people and the other  for "special vip",  ( someone should remind the club owners  that the caste system has been abolished for sometime ). To my disappointment,  it is just another generic Saint Laurent club that plays the same music and has nothing really genuine that distinguishes from any other club on Saint Laurent besides its cheesy entrance and decor. I would only recommend this place to someone that I didn't like.
4	This is a great place to drink and dance with a fun group of friends.  It's not easy to get in and it's best if you know someone or can get on the list for faster access.  I only been here once and we had a blast for my friend's bday nite.  I guess if you really want to get in, go super early bc that is the only way you can probably can get in and you should dress to impress.  It seems like every weekend could be a different crowd.  It is quite packed inside and out.  I guess it's pretty happening kinda place lol.  I will come back for another occassion!
4	Back in my bar-going days, Rouge was one of my favorites in the city. I don't know why but it felt like there were many less creepy people there than elsewhere.The music was always great, energy was high, and prices were decent. Although, expect to wait forever and a day outside on Saturday nights....There are two floors with different types of music, and I've always found that the top floor was always less insane and had a generally better overall vibe. I haven't been back in a few years, so I can't speak for it now, but based on the reviews, it seems to have held on to its reputation :)
