5	Reminiscing about places I loved to eat while growing up in Pittsburgh Armstrong's always comes to mind. I live in CA now but whenever I make it home I always try to make it to Armstrong's. Originally went to the one by the Grove with the huge Mahoney's sign above it, I remember originally referring to it as such. The appetizer sampler with fried zucchini, mushrooms, and provolone was an all time favorite. Can't wait to go home now.
4	Kind of greasy, but it's a unique diner style restaurant.  I enjoy it for fish sandwiches and mac n cheese.
4	Excellent food at great prices. I hadnt been there in years but found it again this past weekend and the food is still just as good as ever and the portions are just as gigantic as ever. Also one of the few places that still have Stuffed Hot Banana Peppers. If you get the crab balls, order them with the honey mustard dipping sauce.
3	Everyone I know raves about this place and for me, its just meh. Probably because I can't find anything I really love on the menu and its kinda greasy like Whitney B. says. The pasta servings are huge and you'll get at least three meals out of it. I do like their chicken wings - we usually order from here for big gatherings and everyone loves them. What I do love, is you're treated like family here and I like supporting local businesses that treat you right.
5	Another one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh to eat. Great portions and delicious food. I get the eggplant stuffed with ricotta ( it is breaded so I order is sauteed since I am gluten free). They also have very good salads, the dressings are all fantastic. This is a busy place so be prepared to wait for dinner.
4	One of my Favorites in Pittsburgh.  The pasta and salads are excellent, the baked ziti is my favorite.  Service can be a little sketchy at times, but other than that, love this place.
5	Armstrongs is the "Cheers" of the South Hills of Pittsburgh. Usually, you will meet someone who "knows your name." Patrons are of all ages and all professions and trades. Ninety nine persent of all patrons are Steeler fans. The staff most definitly knows your name and will share pictures of thier family and their opinions. And by the way, the food and service is great. The desserts are hugh and absolutely delicious. You gotta try the Tuesday night special....
1	It is with broken heart that I review Armstrongs poorly. I at one point would have gone through hell and high water to eat here. I went a few weeks back and it was terrible. The dining room was much dirtier than I remember. Our server didn't even take the time to talk with us and walked away before we finished ordering and never checked on us after the runner brought our food. She did however attempt to upsell our check with desert twice. To make it worse I voiced my concern to the manager, he replied with "everyone has bad experienced sometimes but if you want to hate us for the rest of your life that is your choice". Not sure what prompted that response but I will say after walking out that night.... I will not be back.
5	As with any restaurant, you got to order the right thing.  You can't go to a seafood restaurant and order steak and expect that to be the best choice.  That said... I've never had anything here that wasn't a great choice.  They have a delicate way with flounder, a perfect grilling technique for beef.. and the french fries are perfecto.  And so on.  As another reviewer noted, a pasta dish is three meals worth.  (Even the side dish of pasta will give you TWO meals worth.)  The desserts taste "Local" and not frozen.  (If I wanted frozen food, I'd to to the grocery and buy that!)  The wait staff is patient and helpful.   There is a reason that people are willing to wait in line for an hour and a half to get into this restaurant..  My advice:  call ahead!!!  I wish I lived closer than 60 miles away!
3	Armstrong's is another huge-portion Italian diner, this one being stuck right at one end of Caste Village near Frisch's. I grew up close to this place, so I have been here several times - when I was younger, I thought Armstrong's was a nice restaurant, probably mostly because the menu can go up to $19.95(Most entres are around $14, Sandwiches around $10).I have some family in town and my mom decided she wanted to go here and I agreed. So upon entering some 6 or so years(maybe more) later - 70 Yelp reviews in tow and a couple of upscale dinners in my belly over the years, I was confused: Vinyl booths, linoleum floors, bright cafeteria lights. What happened to the Armstrong's I remember as being a nicer restaurant? Truth be told, it's always been like this. The menus are written somewhat nicely and the waiters are all dressed to look about like what you'd find in an Olive Garden - I feel like this place is in an (perpetual) identity crisis. On one hand it wants to serve good Italian food that isn't exactly cheap for the area(There are 2 or 3 other restaurants in this complex alone that are decently cheaper than it), on the other it wants to be 'the neighborhood place' and come off as welcoming and not upscale.Anyways, after about 15 minutes we were quickly seated. I was forgetful of how the restaurant was so I decided instead of try and find an old flame here, I'd try something new - and settled on the Linguine Puttanesca, a blend of pasta, olive oil, tomatoes, olives, and hot peppers and it came with bread and wedding soup. We also got fried Zucchini, a Pittsburgh staple. The bread came out, half of a large loaf, along with the zucchini, 5 huge(most of us only took half of one) planks of mostly breading. Both were tasty, the zucchini coming with marinara that spurred a lot of bread-dipping, and also came with a horseradish sauce which was not bashful in the least. That stuff'll kick your ass. My cousin even saved that for her entree, just in case. I gave my mom the wedding soup.The entrees came, and I was shocked to see how much food we got. I saw the other table get their food and it looked mountainous(Even to eat a normal sandwich plate seemed to be an insurmountable feat), but the other reviews are right. Three meals, count 'em. Mine was only OK  - having been noted as 'hot & spicy!' on the menu, it was not in the least. The olives were just canned sliced olives, and overall it was just not very flavorful. It didn't taste bad, just not really what I wanted. However, the ladies of the group all got chicken salads(My turned-California cousin was understandably confused as to why french fries had found their way into a salad) which they raved about - and I do remember having a few steak salads from here years ago that I loved, as long as I got it sans-mushrooms.Also, my brother got a shrimp and scallop entree which I have to admit, was not quite so hugely portioned. He finished it with ease, but this was the only dish to suffer that fate. The waitress came with boxes, the salads barely fit in them, there was so much left. The cost was about $20/person after everything was said and done. Not terrible, especially for the amount of food we got.All in all, Armstrong's is just another family Italian place to grab a quick bite, especially if you're a fan of leftovers or sharing. I wouldn't be opposed to stopping back for an occasion like this, but I don't think I'd hike out here on my own.
3	*Armstrong's is akin to a more upscale (with more Italian dishes) Eat'n Park*Armstrong's is located inside of the Caste Village Shopping Center.There is a full bar and the menu is large; many salads and a lot of good Italian dishes.Pricing is moderate, think of an Eat'n Park for the slightly snobby.Good for Kids and Groups.On busier nights, expect a very long wait!!There is a large waiting area for this, however.PROS:Very Clean;Friendly Staff;Full Bar;Food quality (which is good) is Consistent.CONS:The wait can be outrageous at times!The food (though good, is not anything extraordinary or overwhelming delicious).
4	When you walk in you will not be overwhelmed with the decor, but we were greeted by a manager and seated promptly.  The bar is inviting.  There is a lot to choose from and if my stromboli is any indication, you get a ton of food.  The prices may not seem to match at first but when you see the size of the portions it all makes perfect sense.  There is no reason to ever leave here unsatisfied.  The stromboli was great too.
5	i love this place. probably one of my favorite places to eat.  they have a large menu .. great salads, sandwhichs, hoagies, pastas, apps .. i've never had a bad meal here! they have a great drink selection as well and the servers/bartenders are very friendly.
4	Ya know ya really can't go wrong at Armstrong's. I have only recently came here, two times in about 3 weeks because my first visit was so good that I had to make sure they weren't trying to trick me, and they were not playing games with my stomach. We came here on Mother's Day not to celebrate, because my mother is in a far away land called Milwaukee. But it was obvious that many others came here to celebrate which means only one thing to me, that this place is pretty consistent and good. Last time I had a Reuben which was pretty standard as far as my law of Reuben Sandwiches go, It had juicy corned beef, kraut, and thousand island or something along those lines served on Rye bread which is in my opinion the way a Reuben should be. The Special Lady had a Salad which was very tasty but so large that she couldn't finish it. On this visit I had a Steak Deluxe Hogie with an egg on it. I may get blasted for saying this but the contents of this samich rivaled Primanti's I just thought that the bread that Armstrong's uses shouldn't be toasted on a grill but left soft. I didn't eat desert here but from the looks of what people were eating around us the deserts looked Aaamazing... Might be worth just swinging by here to try one of those in the near future. Each time I have been in this place it was packed with people and there was a short wait, maybe 15 minutes but once we were seated the service was really fast and friendly. I highly recommend you all come here for a pretty standard quick bite to eat in the South Hills area.
2	The food here was average. I was surprised at how dingy it was, felt unclean. Most of all, the waitress was terrible. I will never go back here.
4	Consistantly good!  You can always count on a good meal!
4	Excellent food and they always give you A LOT!! Watch out because it can get pretty busy around dinner time, but the food is excellent.
4	Darren forgot to mention the baked artichokes (we had them at the Corapolis location once). We had them here as well, and they are scrumptious! Their linguini with clam sauce is very good as well. They also make their own yummy, yummy pies and cakes. As others said, Armstrong's is like Eat n Park but a little classier and a little pricier and with a bar.  Nice service too.
2	Service was nice and friendly. Food was bland and tasteless. Seems like a place for a much older crowd.
4	This is a Fantastic place for good quality ,BIG quantity dinners. Nestled in a quaint little shopping center near Castle Shannon , no parking problems , fast easy seating , not too noisey , very nice menu. very reasonable prices. friendly staff. Defiantly not a hipster place ,  nice bar. Clean dinning area and rest room.
3	I'm very surprised that This review is only the 24th of this established Pittsburgh landmark restaurant. After all, this is their third location, having established themselves on Mt Washington right on Grandview Ave. this is where I fell in love with their food. I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review. My last visit here was in October of 2012, I had a cousin visiting from San Diego and on her last night she wanted Armstrongs. They were able to seat the twelve of us without any issues. The place was empty, odd for Armstrongs, but it was a weeknight and only about 5:30. The menu is long and extensive, as any well established Italian restaurant would be. I narrowed my choices to the Fusilli with marinara or eggplant parm. I chose the pasta fearing the eggplant would be deep fried, loaded with fatty cheese. It was, one of our party ordered it and it was saturated with grease.Four waiters brought out food to the table and honestly when the food was sitting on the table I said it reminded me of when my great grandmother would cook Sunday Supper after 11am mass. The portions here are huge and just good old fashioned home style cooking.  My fusilli was perfectly al dente, the marinara was a tad watery, but flavorful, even without the addition of parm cheese. A little red pepper gave it some zing and excitement. My mother had the fish sandwich with fries and slaw and said it was as good as she remembered. Two huge fillets of cod, batter dipped with tarter sauce.  Most of the table had lasagna, which is a huge portion. Armstrongs will never be fashionable in the foodies circle, it is what it is, home style cooking with huge portions and a place that brings back lots of good memories, and fills the belly.
4	I have been eating at Armstrong's for many, many years (ok so there was that dark period of time when Armstrong's moved out for a few years and it became Calabria's and then Gullifty's).  My parents lived right up the street from Caste Village and we would find ourselves at Armstrong's, or ordering off the takeout menu, at least once every other week (the ladies who work at the counter still greet my father by name).  Nowadays when I go there I wince at how expensive everything on their menu has become, how packed it is (there's rarely ever a time when you won't have to wait at least 25 minutes for a table on any night of the week), and how slow the service can be.  All of my gripes usually disappear with the arrival of my meal.   Their menu features a wide array of salads, pastas, calzones, traditional Italian dishes, and scrod cooked in more ways than you would ever imagine.  Last night I ordered the eggplant parm, which had crispy eggplants rounds smothered in marinara and cheese.  My dad ordered some kind of hot sausage that was baked in a casserole dish with linguine, marinara sauce and cheese.  Basically, this place excels at smothering things with sauce and cheese.  It's a favorite of the locals and definitely a must try if you are in the area.  Just be prepared for the place to be packed, and try remember as you're standing there with your stomach growling that crowds of people at a restaurant usually means it's good!
4	Armstrong's is apparently the place to be on a weekend night if you live in the Whitehall area. Hubs has gotten take out from Armstrong's a few times but I had never actually been inside. This time it was my turn. I stopped by Armstrong's on a busy Saturday night. I was rather surprised to find that the inside is actually rather nice for what you would expect in a strip mall. While I waited for our food to be ready and watched the game on the t.v. in the waiting area, a party of 40 arrived. Yep, I said 40! Also, four others arrived for their take out within 10 minutes! Now for the food, I ordered the penne vodka with chicken while hubs ordered a chicken sandwich. My penne vodka was creamy and delicious. If you like a creamy vodka sauce, Armstrong's is for you. I prefer a slightly more tangy vodka sauce but I enjoyed this sauce none the less. Did I mention the portion size? I had pasta for three days! The pasta also came with a salad. Nice size salad as well with field greens, tomato, olive and chic peas. Unfortunately, the vinagerette dressing was rather bland and tasteless. Thus the reason for 4 stars rather than five. Overall, Armstrong's seems to be a great family oriented Italian restaurant in Whitehall/Bethel Park area.
4	Good Stuff!  Everything on the menu is pretty good.  They usually have a few decent beers on tap too!  The place gets busy, though, so be prepared to wait.
4	Solid.  Great service, nothing fancy, high quality food with good portions for a fair price.
3	Totally so so. I supposed this is a staple of the Burgh but I don't think I've been here before. The food was literally average quality. I had an OK burger and the fish sandwich looks like the same one everywhere else has. My mum had the mac&cheese which looked great, and I was impressed by the seasonal craft beer selection.  Other than that, it is very average and there are way yummier places nearby to have lunch.
5	This place will not leave you going home hungry! The portion sizes are huge and I almost always take something home as left overs. The vodka sauce is one of the best sauces they make. They have nightly specials, but go early if you want the specials because everyone in the area knows which specials are on which night and they sell out quickly! Some of my favorites include the salmon salad, chicken and peppers and the scrod.
4	I'd been here once a few years ago while on a date, and it wasn't bad. It didn't really leave much of an impression on me at the time,but perhaps I was just a bit distracted. Whatever the case, I really liked it this time around.First off, I got a MASSIVE side salad with my meal. Like an are-you-kidding-me-this-has-to-be-an-entree kind of salad. I hate getting skimpy salads, so that was pretty cool. At the same time though, you don't want to fill up on just the salad, cuz then they bring you bread. And boy is that bread tasty! But.... you don't want to fill up on the bread either, because then they bring out the pasta/seafood/steak/stromboli that you ordered, and you'll want to eat that. On this most recent visit I had the Penne a la Vodka, with chicken. Oh my gosh was that delicious. The sauce was creamy and not too tart, like a lot of vodka sauces I've tried, and the noodles were perfectly al dente. AND I had enough left over for 2 lunch sized portions to take to work the next few days. So if some people say that Armstrong's is a little on the pricy end, it's because you're getting a ton of food! Service was good, decor so-so, but the food was the tops.
5	Some of the best Italian food in Pittsburgh!!  It's not a fancy place and there's usually a wait for dinner, but it's well worth it.  The portions are large and the food is delicious!  I highly recommend the fried provolone sticks and the wedding soup.  The baked scrod is delicious too.  I've never had anything bad here!  If you haven't been here yet, you need to go ASAP with a big appetite!
2	Waited over a hr for a table just to be disappointed.  Weakest alferdo sauce in western pa.
4	Cozy, down-home and super friendly, this restaurant made the grade. I didn't try the pasta, but my chicken sandwich with provolone and mushrooms was generously portioned and the side salad (a $2.00 up charge) was garnished with goodies. I felt okay about this. More than anything, I was blown away by the friendly service. The waitress was super busy, yet attentive, and willing to go the extra mile when something wasn't quite right. Even the young guy cleaning tables was willing to help. How sweet?I don't know if the prices, which are a little steeper than most restaurants like this, are worth it. But I would come back to find out.
4	I took my father here last night for his birthday dinner. I've always loved Armstrongs and it never fails to let me down. I had the stuffed shrimp with crab meat and it was phenomenal. I highly recommend this entree. The crabmeat was not over cooked it was extremely moist, as well as the shrimp. My father had the steak hoagie which he loves. We also had the chocolate mocha cheesecake for dessert, which was to die for! Our server was extraordinary, she even stayed and chatted with us for a while which is nice, and she bought my father a drink for his birthday. I highly recommend this place if you have never been! Oh and you must try the fried mozzarella sticks. Best in town!!
4	I have been to Armstrong's several times and have always had a tasty meal. The decor is old fashioned and nothing special but I think the food here is worth trying. I always get the penne a la vodka which is delicious. My husband has tried the sausage/meat casserole and wasnt impressed but he has tried several seafood items there including the scallops and crab stuffed shrimp which he did enjoy. Wedding soup is also very good and is a true Italian wedding soup! Large portions and fast service. They do get busy on the weekends and we have had to wait when with a big party. There is also a bar with a few TVs for anyone interested. They also have takeout. I will be back and highly recommend Armstrong's! Only reason I didn't give the full 5 stars is the really because of the atmosphere/decor.
3	A lot of people in the area rave about this place. I think it is just okay. Decor is dated. Food is decent. Nothing super special. Prices are reasonable. I think there are better places to eat Italian and worse as well. Their best dish seems to be their penne with vodka sauces but the other food is just okay.
4	When I go to visit my grandma, we go to Armstrong's.  The prices appear to be high when you look at the menu, but the portions are massive.I've been coming here for years, and I've never had anything bad.  Some favorites are the veal cutlet sandwich (FAV), veal parmesan, Italian hoagie, and manicotti.  Every dinner comes with fresh bread, and every meal makes two full meals for me.  The sandwiches are MASSIVE.  You can easily just split one between two people.The service is pretty good, but we always come at a non-peak time to avoid the wait.  I've never been overly impressed by the desserts, and you really won't need one after the meal.It's always FREEZING in here so bring a sweater if you chill easily!!
4	Armstrong's is one of my favorite restaurants! Located in the Caste Village shopping center, you are sure to find parking somewhere near by and I have never had to wait to be seated. The food is delicious and they serve up big portions at a fraction of the cost of other big name restaurants! And if you are ever feeling the desire to go all out, do not hesitate to indulge on one of their amazing desserts! I recently ordered the Heath bar cheesecake and it was amazing- smooth, delicious and full of chocolate and butter toffee flavor. By far, the best cheesecake I've had- better than Cheesecake Factory and much cheaper! The ambiance is great. It's dim indoors usually, unless the sun is shining through the ceiling window. The staff is friendly and the service is great. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a big meal with a reasonable price!
5	Just ate a Armstrong's, what a great experience. The staff really make you feel welcome. The food was great as usual. Whether you are in the mood for a sandwich or a full meal this place will not disappoint. Highly recommend the chicken parm!
5	Three of us came for lunch and the place was packed.    I had the Italian Stromboli, which was excellent.   It was massively filled with pepperoni, salami, ham, onions, cheese and sauce.   The proportion of ingredients was perfect and then it was baked to perfection.   Probably the best I have ever had.My husband had the wedding soup which he loved, as well as the stuffed chicken breast with mashed potatoes.   Everything was hot and very tasty.My Mom had the salmon with mashed potatoes.   She liked the salmon, but the potatoes were too lumpy for her.The portions are huge so we have enough for lunch or dinner tomorrow.  Service was good, even though they were busy.Will definitely return.
5	Two words......... BAKED ARTICHOKES ....... you might not think of them as devilishly delicious ... but ,you'd be wrong ...... tasty appetizer that you don't often find in most restaurants..... try 'em .... you'll be hooked . Very professional & friendly staff.... food gets to your table quick..... fair prices.... whats not to like about Armstrongs ?
3	The food was good, customer service however, so upset. Not to me but to eachother. The front desk girls seemed to be treated POORLY. I felt so bad for them, the waitresses were nice and attentive. I'd go back. Next time I hope employees will be treated better. Disappointing.
4	Great food, nice staff, extensive menu, and everything I've had is excellent. If you're in the south hills it's a great spot for lunch and dinner with a nicely stocked bar too. The prices are comparable to any of the chains, but the portion size and quality outstrip any sit-down chain you could mention.
