5	Our backyard was empty and was nothing but dirt and rocks. We had a couple of companies come out and give us estimates for grass and bushes. The last company who came out was Sun Scape. They took photos of our yard and drew a layout with what they were going to do. The other companies did not do this. Sunscape also suggested some cement dividers for the yard and I knew then that they were going to be more expensive than the other companies because of the blueprint they made and the cement. When we got our estimate I was totally surprised at how affordable they are! They were less expensive than the other companies and their quality work and customer service was better.We get their weekly services and they are always reliable. I love that they speak English in the office and at my home because I can talk to them about my grass and flowers and they can communicate back to me.I highly recommend this company.
5	Attention property owners/managers (especially those that aren't locals):Let me say that it is extremely difficult to find trustworthy landscaping company in Las Vegas, NV.  Managing a property from hundreds of miles away, I've had other companies flake or take payments and not perform services.David and Tammy at Sun Scape Services are awesome!  I've been working in property management for over 20 years with some of my properties being outside of my home state (this being one of them).  I cannot begin to tell you how difficult it is to find a reputable landscaping/lawn service company in the Las Vegas area.  They really are a dime a dozen and some of them are fly by night.  (I was burned by two of them.)  Sun Scape has made me feel completely comfortable and confident being so far away.  My tenants are also very pleased.
1	Not the best experience
1	I called this place and left a bunch of messages. They are supposed to be the best and that's what I needed. Not once was I given a return call. No one even bothered to say "hey we've been busy" or "we aren't taking new business". I would never work with a place that didn't call back and wanted to let people know how they do things before you bother calling!
1	Pretty much a no show, no call.  Tammy set one appointment, rescheduled for another day, didn't show or call, then I found she emailed me saying she couldn't make it. Then nothing!!!
