5	Just came over and they are still open with fresh food still. Price is really cheap $9.99 all u can eat for dinner with sushi and seafood, what more can u expect.
3	There are a lot of items on the buffet. Not the best I have had nor the worst. Went for dinner on 2/21/2013.  The pho soup was bland. Did not try the hibachi. There were a variety of sushi rolls, but I would not get them again. Orange chicken was good. Would not rush back.
1	If you want to run to the restroom all night, then this is the place for you!
1	If I could give this place a -10 I would. NASTY is the best word for it! They had buckets to keep you from walking on an unlevel floor. The waitress never did come back to our table, we had to get up and get our own drinks. The food tasted like it had been on the buffet all day, fried foods were cold and soggy. The Hot and Sour soup was flavorless. The Lo Mein had an off rancid taste. Everything tasted the same. Avoid this place!
3	Well, lets say I've been to every buffet that was featured in the same building as U-Like.  The food is ok like most buffets, so don't expect some 5 star food there.  The main buffet is kind of lacking though with selection. My favorite thing there though was the oysters haha.  One of the best buffet oysters I've had.  I haven't tried any sushi or even their grill because I was full of the main buffet food.  So I dont know if I'll go back there.  There are so many buffets to try out in the Phoenix Metro area, and one I do recommend though is Hibachi Super Buffet.
3	Ambient - casual, booths and tables. The buffet is all the way in the back, but they do have a sushi bar and the place where you can make your dish and they cook it up for you.Service - Its okay.  You order your drink and at times it takes them awhile to give you a refill.Food - they have the traditional chinesse dishes and a few american. Its okay.
1	This place use to be really good until it changed owners. The food is nasty. The people that work there are not friendly at all. Just not the same. We use to frequents this place twice a week. Not anymore. Cold food and slow service makes for a bad restaurant.
1	I drove past this restaurant and was excited to try it.  I was very disappointed.  The food was terrible.  The sushi was not marked to tell you what it was and when I asked for assistance, the male cook in the back was terribly rude to me.  The rice in the sushi was old and hard.  The other food in the buffet tasted like it was cooked days before and was just warmed up like leftovers.  The restaurant itself was not very clean either.  When we were seated, the table was very dirty and sticky.  Even after the server person wiped down the table. at our request, it was still sticky.  The only pleasant part of this experience was the girl who we paid our money to at the register.  She was nice and could understand English.
2	my mother and i were very disapointed with just about every thing.The salad bar had very little choices and the soup was luke warm.I am not that picky when it comes to a buffet, but when it comes to cold shrimp,and cold chicken wings, and sticky floors at ten bucks for dinner, and drinks are extra i wont be back.
1	I just stopped in for a buffet dinner. It was absolutely horrible.  The foods were dry and not fresh.  No wonder the place was quite empty considering it was  a prime dinner hour.  I will never go back there again.
1	Absolutely disgusting! I would not recommend for anyone to go. If you have any expectations at all of eating good tasting food, do not come here. Doesn't matter that it's outdated inside, the food is piping hot because it sits in those metal tins for lord knows how long. I don't even want to know when it was last freshly made. I ate a piece of sushi and there was some foul fish in there that I had to spit it out into a napkin (something I've never done before in a "restaurant") and lost my appetite for the rest of my meal. Well, I guess my $12 went a long way! Never again.
3	Not bad for a buffet... Food was all fairly decent.  Building was clean and servers friendly
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! MOVE ON TO THE NEXT PLACE!!!went there on Xmas place was empty and this should have been a clue!!food was cold and many pans were empty. i made one trip to the buffet and took one bite of each dish and from the look on my girlfriends face i could see that she was going to try to make this work. At that point i decided it was time to leave. I spoke to the cashier, told her that i was unhappy with the food that was out and she tried to negotiate with me. I told her that this was unacceptable and that i wanted my money back and she only wanted to give me half of my money back. i just wanted to leave and go somewhere else so I agreed.like i said at the beginning move on, I would could  have rated zero stars if i could have
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!!!Went there today for lunch! Was really excited and everything looked pretty good. I picked up my first plate and there was a BABY cockroach on it!!!!!!! If there are babies, there are parents! I called for the server to come over. She picked up the plate with it, knocked the roach on the ground and stomped it in from of me. I had already had enough. I went straight to the counter and got a full refund!!!!!! NEVER going there again. Safe your money!
1	HORRIBLE!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!They have definitely gone downhill from mid year last year. They now make you pay upfront for your meal rather than later like they used to.They still have the hibachi grill & pho.The service area was messy and my wife had calamari which was not breaded and cold! The hot & sour soup tasted like it has been there awhile. The meat and chicken were way over cooked ( at least they weren't raw). The damage for this torture was $6.99 per lunch NOT including drinks. Will NOT be coming back
4	Wow!  Good thing I didn't look up the ratings before going there for lunch yesterday.  Otherwise, I probably would not have gone due to the low ratings.  But I am happy I went since I now know of another economical place to get my occasional lunch.  I think this buffet is actually a 3 star place, but I give it 4 stars due to its cheap price.  Essentially, it is pretty much similar to all the other low cost Asian buffet places, but there are a few things that I think gives it a much better rating than the others.  First of all, they have a Mongolian Stir Fry station, which most other buffets have dropped to save costs.  Occasionally, I like Mongolian stir fry, so this is a plus for me.  Secondly, the have a simple Pho station.  This is a good plus for me and for others who like soup noodle dishes.  Too bad they don't add a Chinese soup noodle station, or at least add boiled noodles to the buffet line since they already have both nice pot stickers and nice, big won tons with soup on the buffet line.  They also have a big bowl of chopped green onions too, which most other places don't have on the buffet line for people to use as a condiment/topping (I love green onions).  In fact, I wonder why other buffets don't do this?  Is it because in AZ, most people don't like soup noodle dishes?  I wonder?????  I love it.Third, they have two great fish dishes on the buffet line.  First, they have white fish fillets that are steamed with ginger, soy, oil, and green onion garnish.  Some places have this too, but most don't due to the cost of fish these days.  And they had a great fried fish dish too -- it looked like black sea bass fillets dusted in corn starch and deep fried.  It tasted pretty good to me, but maybe not black sea bass since that type of fish is super costly.  But the pieces where indeed cross-wise slices of the whole fish body which showed me the rib cage and fillets as well.  The skin was a little black and thick, which is exactly how black sea bass looks.  Oh well, at least it tasted pretty good to me and I am a fish lover.So I will be back.  Again, not the greatest, but worth adding to my list of cheap eats for lunch.
1	TERRIBLE... Food sucks. Food is cold. I watched a worker scoop up chow mein people had dropped on counter from pan and put it back into the pan, disgusting. Doesn't even deserve 1 star. I was the idiot that still went to this place even after reading these reviews thinking it couldn't be that bad. Boy was I wrong.
1	Why O' why did I not check yelp before I went here??? Stupid.  Worst place EVER, if the zombie apocalypse happened and this was the only place with food I would STARVE.  It cost $50 for 4 people, you pay first so your screwed when when you actually see the food.  The place was HOTTER than Hades, table was dirty, no ice in the ice tea and something was floating in it.  Nasty kids coughing all over the place.  They had very little food which was probably a blessing in disguise, I picked up a piece of sweet n sour or should I say sponge of oil?? We walked straight out of that place and went to McDonalds.
2	It was just okay. Nothing too impressive. Standard Chinese buffet stuff for $9.99 for dinner. I was actually impressed with the beef pho. It had a good flavor. Just wish you could have added extra bean sprouts or other toppings.
4	Used to be much better when it was Oriental Buffet, but most of the stuff is still here. The food's a little drier, but the flavor is still really good. We've been coming here since they opened & I've never seen any bugs & the staff could be a smidge nicer, but I'm pretty it's just a language barrier. We'll probably keep coming here till they change owners again.
1	Don't come here not worth it.. service was horrible. Food was barely mediocre. Way to high for what they had. Place was dirty.
1	Good jello, everything else was terrible. Weak service bad food bad environment makes this a must skip! It was 90 degrees inside so the whole time i was sweating. The music was blasting at club levels playing asian disney songs. Food was gross/sketchy and they only had water or ice tea. Our drink guy stopped by our table 1 time. I loved the ulike in tucson, the mngrs of this one should go eat there and see what the experience should be.
1	I'm glad that this place is shut down and hopefully it stays that way. everything was bad and the food is the cherry on top. I went in tried little bit of everything literally ran out the door feeling like I got food poisoned never been back since good reason for it.
