2	Bad location for many reasons.  Parking is inadequate.  There's nowhere near enough seating for the volume that this place has.  There's not enough room to accommodate the morning line to order.Consistent like most Starbucks locations are, however not as appealing to those of us who prefer black coffee because they no longer rotate the coffee varietal in the drip.  Everyday it's the same now, over and over and over and over.  Great decision, Starbucks.
4	I've been going to this Starbucks for many years now and thoroughly enjoy going there to get my coffee fix.  While I'll agree that the parking can be a bit challenging during peak times I will say there is plenty of parkiing if you don't mind a short walk from the adjacent bank parking lot.As for the patio - I do not agree with the review that it is a smoky nightmare...haha - I have sat out there plenty of times with my family (including small kids) and have not had a hard time breathing.The staff of this Starbucks are some of the most friendliest people you will meet.
3	Good coffee, decent environment. Great for on the way to work. Right next to the 101.However Parking SUCKS!!!!!  Sorry, but its true.
1	I went this Starbucks last night.  The service was awful!!!  I ordered a venti carmel frap.  The guy who made my drink, Kyle was flirting with these 2 girls and took forever with my drink!  Fifteen minutes later after I stood up looking for my drink he was pouring it in a cup and forgot to put carmel on it that he had to take the lid off to do that.  When we got out to sip our drinks there was NO syrup in it.  Straight expresso with ice!  This was bad!!!  I'm glad I live in California I will never have to visit this Starbucks again!!!
5	My favorite Starbucks in the valley. Great patio and a great feel and energy inside. This place is always busy though. Good place to grab a coffee and hangout.
5	This is a great Starbucks!  Huge patio on the east side in the shade. Some lounge seating inside.  Gotta stop for my espresso..
1	This is pretty funny - so I reviewed this place back in 2010 and an ex-employee (the guy who I placed the review about) commented on my review which I refuse to post.  But in a nutshell he said if I didn't get caramel in my drink then I probably didn't need it any way?  Hahaha!  Why would they have a caramel frap without the caramel?  Wouldn't I order something else?  I mean I know I don't "need" caramel in my drink but that's the purpose of ordering a caramel frap.  Wow!  Maybe that's the reason he no longer works there?  If you work at place where the recipe calls for sugar then it's probably best that you put sugar in the recipe.  Oh and he also said that  Arizona doesn't move 100 mph like California.  I don't understand what that has to do with making my drink?  I was the only one there waiting on a drink - he had no other orders, so it takes longer than 15 minutes to make an incorrect frap?  Any way....
1	I have been to this Starbucks growing up as a kid. The baristas working here always did an amazing job. Last night I went and was disappointed with how the baristas represented Starbucks. They were talking instead of helping us. They never asked for my name to write it on the cup. They took longer than I am used to at Starbucks to make my drink, because they were talking. Then after my drink was made they didn't call out what it was or whose it was. After making a second drink they called out mine. I had asked for extra toppings but the drink was so hot all the whipped cream had melted. I went to the counter to ask for some whipped cream, and again had to wait while the barista made a drink and then washed out the blender before being helped. Then when I told him what I'd like he says, "Oh that's what you were saying" adds the topping and pushes the drink on the counter towards me. He didn't replace the lid or act politely. They were not busy either nor were they understaffed. I absolutely love Starbucks, and the remodel here looks fabulous! I just wish I had a different experience last night.
4	I've been coming to this Starbucks for over a decade now since it has the best outside seating of any coffee shop on this side of town. There are several unplanned groups of regulars who meet here most days of the week and a lot of smaller groups and individuals from the pharmacy college nearby who come to study. Quite a few friendly people and pretty girls. It's a nice place to hang out and drink and there's almost always an off-duty or uniformed police officer somewhere inside grabbing a drink. The staff is always friendly and knows your drink after just a couple visits. The recent renovations are also an improvement but it still definitely doesn't have enough seating sometimes. The patio outside used to be really bad because of smokers. So bad that I stopped coming here for a long time. They've mostly clamped down on people smoking now but people smoke outside after dark when the staff doesn't check anymore and there and even during the day, people cheat the system by standing just outside the fence to keep talking to their friends while they smoke, defeating the whole purpose of the smoking ban. Continued smoking irritation is the only reason it's not getting. 5 stars. If they fixed that, it'd be a great place. Start serving beer and I'd never leave.
4	Great coffee experience.
4	This place is literally in walking distance from me making it unfathomably irresistible to try, so I did. The million dollar question is, how does this Starbucks differ from the rest? It is a chain after all. Well I'll tell you. After its recent remodel it's one of the nicest in the valley, as well as one of the cleanest, with one of the nicest staff. Whether you're sitting inside or out, it's enjoyable. It seems the main complaint here on Yelp from others is the "smokers." Well I personally don't think the staff has the time and energy to constantly check on this issue as they make coffee. The best thing they can do is put up signs. Maybe you, the patron should suggest something to the smokers you are vehemently eyeing. :P
1	Slowest Starbucks in history no matter how many people they have working. The best Starbucks in the area is at the frys at 59th or safeway at 67th. If the kiosks could give the reward drinks I would never have to go to a store again.
5	Nice comfortable Starbucks. We enjoy hanging out on the remodeled patio. Great staff. Jen is always smiling and helpful.
3	They stop making decaf at 12. So I was told, that's odd since you would figure a lot of people don't want caffeine later in the day. Oh well. It is what it is.
5	Surprisingly relaxing find next to one of the former Blockbuster locations. Very attentive and friendly staff, and service is generally spot on. You could miss this one if you don't know where to look, but it's worth checking out.
4	Great patio, extremely busy & tight quarters inside. I always wish for a drive through at this location, overall clean & efficient.
4	Pretty much what we've come to expect from a Starbucks.Decent location with the usual fixings of great coffee, friendly staff, free wifi with inside and outside seating available.Seasonal selections for fall are always my favorite.Caramel frapacinno and caramel macchiato are my two favorite. Iced teas are always pretty good too.Parking located all around this location.
3	Fantastic patio area.....as long as the weather is good! Friendly service with your standard Starbucks menu.
1	This Starbucks is the slowest one I have ever been to, and lucky me I get to live right next door to it so I am forced to come here. As I type this update there 8 people in here.  I am on minute 11 of just waiting for a god damn ice coffee. All you have to do is put ice in a cup and add coffee. And as I type this I am now walking up to the counter to tell them they forgot to make my drink.
5	Just like any other Starbucks, great drinks and great atmosphere. But the staff is excellent here. Cathy and Alexa were so helpful and went out of their way to give us great service. Refreshing smiles, even during the slow hours!
1	Still slow. Still sucks. Still forced come here because it by my house. Come here to view the wonder "cup traffic jam" on the counter at any given time.
3	This Starbucks lacks good workers. They don't talk they just look at you when you try to make a joke or try to talk to them. I love when workers are full of energy talking and being loud. You make drinks. You can't be happy making drinks? Really that hard? Come on!
