4	Qcumberz is the first business I've gotten to review with both of those not-oft used letters Z and Q in its name (Sorry, Quiznos, maybe I'll get to you eventually). This place looks small, but it just keeps going and going... room upon room, crammed to the gills with stuff. Towards the back of the store is an entire room filled with decrepit used windows. If you are in a fixer-upper built years and years ago, there may be something of interest for you here. The interior gives me the feeling that I am trapped inside some Wes Craven movie and at any moment, someone in a silly mask is going to leap out from around a corner and stab my face in. Of course, as with any antiques and collectibles stores, you'll find your selection of dishes, used items, clothing... but furniture is the predominant item here. Worth stopping by just to take in the sheer volume of stuff inside. I was on stimulus overload. There is also a creepy stuffed clown featured in one of the rooms. I didn't get to close to it for fear it would spring to life and eat off one of my ears. Clowns are evil. End of story.Qcumberz may be the place you find that rare item to set your home apart from everyone else's... or you may meet your doom in the back room thanks to some be-masked psychopath. Check it out at your own risk.
2	The English muffin of vintage stores. Nooks and crannies everywhere. So many, you make a wrong turn, you could be impaled by a broken Betty Boop lamp. Qcumber. I have to say. It's a Qcute name. But it's not Qcuite for  me. You see. When I enter a store. I think my shoes, upon leaving, shouldn't be dirtier than when I arrived at your store. So Qcumber. I just have two words for you...Buy a broom and start sweeping for Qcryin' out loud!
5	Qcumber is a lot like when a relative dies and you have to sort through all of their stuff for what you would like to keep only without the grief of the death.They are full, full, full of great dusty old things. There are amazing finds to be had here. I have a thing for old cameras and have bought a couple here, I have a few retro chairs that I have bought. They always have amazing olf furniture of every style.My favorite part about Qcumber is the old window panes, doors and iron pieces. This is the kind of place that you see people on the DIY network visiting and wonder why you don't have one near.  Good News! You do!Look past the dust and appreciate the treasures to be found.
4	I used to hate places like these.  Then I grew up.  Then I understood the beauty of age and old school.  I've come to appreciate places like these even more now that I am making more of an effort to reuse or repurpose along with supporting my local economy.  This place is so much fun to go treasure hunting.  From the front it doesn't look that big, but the inside is so expansive, holding so much stuff you don't even know where to begin.  There is no real organization here except for the back where you can find a pile of old wooden signs and a room full of old windows.  This just makes the hunt more fun.If you are looking to kill some time, stop by and check out the eclectic but wide assortment of findings and treasures here.  Be sure to wipe your shoes... AFTER you leave.  You will get dusty.
5	I've been regulary visiting Qcumberz for a few years now, and I adore this place.  Part antiques and part "stuff" plus the new book section, there is always something new to be found!  I especially like that the items carried in this store are very reasonably priced, and it has helped me immensely to outfit my 1924 Spanish style apartment.  Now that I travel up and down 7th Ave every day for work, it's made stopping and visiting much more convenient!  If you're looking for some great (unique!) items for your house, this place is definitely where you want to go.  And on the rare occasion that you leave empty handed, I'm positive you'll have had fun browsing!
4	Qcumberz is a pretty cool place, despite the cheesy name. They have loads and loads of junk, intermixed with hidden gems. So it takes some searching and sifting to find the prizes... it's definitely not a 10-minute endeavor. You will get dirty, dusty, and, if it's May through October, hot and sweaty. Qcumberz is kind of like Sage for people without fistfuls of expendable income and with tons of time... I furnished (using that term loosely) much of my 1950s condo with items from Qcumberz on a grad student's pittances. The parking situation totally blows there, but you do get the opportunity to flip off the protestors at the neighboring Planned Parenthood clinic, so maybe it all balances out?
5	I love this place! I have found some great mid century lamps, clocks, tables and other stuff that I have proudly displayed in our house. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly.
5	My favorite vintage store!  The owner is really friendly and always thanks us for coming in.  This place is pretty huge inside, so set aside some time to get dusty and hunt.  I've noticed the prices there have increased a bit, but they're still better than most other vintage shops.
4	I randomly came across this place here on yelp and decided to go find it on a random Friday afternoon.When you first walk in, it just seems like endless junk.  Someone is obviously a pack rat.  But after getting past that and starting to walk around, there are so many cool little things here!  I had a look at the books, particularly the children's books, and thought they were waaay overpriced.  $3-$5 for a used kids' book seems a bit much!The place is so big inside that I wasn't sure where I hadn't already been.  There are rooms that venture off from themselves--all stuffed with tons of knickknacks and things!It was really warm in most rooms.  They did have fans going in each room, but being in Phoenix during the summer, I was getting a bit hot and decided to not linger much more.  One room kind of smelled like pee too.  Kind of gross.I found a table with old newspapers, all marked for $5.00.  This is the 40th anniversary (I think it was this week) of Apollo 11 landing on the moon.  There were about 5 different AZ Republics from that date.  I bought one because I thought it would be something interesting to show my own kids as they get older!I would definitely come again!  And the staff were very friendly, yet also didn't walk around me asking if I needed help when I was obviously just looking.
5	I still love the place!  If you haven't been there in a while, you may want revisit.  They've tried to reorganize some of their rooms, so it' s a little easier to view their items.  There's something there in everyone's price range, too.  Visit often, since their inventory is constantly changing.
5	I LOVE this place!  While randomly driving through the Melrose District, I came upon this lovely treasure.  This place doesn't look like much from the outside, and you very well might drive right past, but look for it and go in!  Every room I walked into, there was another room to explore, and each room had a ton of different goods.  When you walk into this store, you might initially think the stuff is all junk, but it's not.  There's more quality products than junk here, and the prices are usually right.  I ended up exploring for two hours here and then bought a red dresser that probably couldn't be found anywhere else for $45.  The man working there was nice enough to bring the dresser outside by my car and also offered to load it for me.  I plan to return again and again to furnish my new apt, and I can't wait!  Be forewarned though: All sales are FINAL. (though i can't imagine you'd want to return anything you bought here!)
5	This store is amazing! I go in here on a regular basis. Charlie is usually there, and he knows everything about everything! I've purchased great furniture, including an awesome vintage chair for my living room, all the way down to the duck cookie jar that reminded me of my Grandma's house. I can always find something, and even when I'm broke I can still splurge on a one dollar wall hanging or a 3 dollar jewelry box. This place is one of my favorite spots in the area. Great value, super finds, and always a friendly smile when I walk in the door! Oh, and it's HUGE! A lot bigger inside than it looks on the outside!
4	I've been to Qcumberz about a half a dozen times in the past year and while I haven't always walked away with treasures, I've never been disappointed. There is a good mix of old and made-to-look-old, and they really do have their prices in line with the bargain hunter's heart.  They also carry some local artists' home furnishings, which was a fun discovery for me.  Last Christmas, I used pieces of block glass that I found for 7 dollars each to create art as gifts.  They have a large used book selection as well, if you're into that sort of thing.  Like others have mentioned - you probably won't be lured in by the building but once you're in, look at your watch if you're on your lunch hour!!!
4	When going vintage/antique browsing around the Melrose area, Qcumberz is a must on our shopping journey.Qcumberz always offers great items at reasonable prices (which is sometimes hard to find in that area). At times, it can be a little crowded in there (from all the stuff), but that's what I love about it. There is always so much to look at and I think the layout adds to the atmosphere.Oh! One of the most important things, and I almost forgot! The parking situation can be confusing. The parking lot is directly in front of the store and that is it. If you don't park there, you may find yourself confused and wondering why there is a lady is telling you there are other options while handing you a pink pamphlet with a fetus on it. If this is the case, you have arrived in the "Planned Parenthood" parking lot and need to move.
4	Great antique store with an eclectic variety. The last time I was there they had an old wood gymnasium floor from a defunct grade school. Very cool and worth a peek if you're in the neighborhood.
4	If you like hunting and sifting then this place is for you! It is jam packed with all kinds of stuff! There is room upon room, there is even a crazy room full of every kind of old window imaginable! Beware there is no A/C, at least it felt like that this past Tuesday when the high was 109, but they do have a ton of fans on all over the place. Also I wouldn't wear white, its a bit dusty. the one thing I found didn't have a price tag on it and neither of the employees could tell me how much it was, one said $45 the other said $60+, they said if I waited they'd call the owner, but I was on a tight schedule. Oh well, I might go back and see if its priced. My aunt found a few things in there she couldn't live with out. Cool place to spend a day searching for old relics.
5	This place is AWESOME! I wanted to check out some antique shops today on N. 7th Ave, and this was my first (and as it turned out, only) stop this afternoon.  From the outside, it looked like a tiny and crowded shop, but after I walked in, I realized that I was only right about one of those estimations.  It was room after room after room of awesome things!! It made me very happy because I love to treasure hunt and explore :)  When you're done with one room, there's always endless possibilities of finding something you want in the next.  One thing that surprised me is how reasonably prized everything was.  I had gone to an antique show just a week or two ago, and a lot of the dealers were asking ridiculous prices for some junk.  This place is definitely different!  One sad story though: I found this amazing polaroid camera that I planned on buying, but as soon as I turned around, some other guy had already grabbed it and I had to watch with my own two eyes as he left the store with MY camera.  It was torture!! :'(  But the owner was very helpful and nice and he helped me look around the store and also gave me some information where and when I can find the kind of camera that I want.  Despite my traumatic loss, I will definitely be back to hunt some more!!
3	-New owners??? Seemed friendly upon check-out...I think they greeted me?-A few grumpy, old lady customers wandering the store, just bumped into me a few times, like a pinball machine. How rude!-Cute shop of antiques and collectibles...mostly household goods, plus a room full of vinyl records...cool!-Check out the salvage pickings in the back room...many old frames, windows, signs, metal stuff (beware of nails & splinters...hmmm, when was my last tetanus shot???)-Good selection of stuff..decent prices (I believe there were multi-dealers).-Parking...SUCKS!!! If you park in front of the store, be VERY CAREFUL backing out into 7th Ave...YIKES! I think you can park to the north of the building, but NOT in the Planned Parenthood lot.
2	Wow this place took a turn for the worse... And to think that this used to be my favorite vintage shop. Everything that made Qcumberz has been thrown out the window and replaced with crafty junk and useless items. No more are the hidden treasures, unique finds and fun atmosphere. I used to feel like I was on a farm fresh pick guaranteed to find a irresistible piece that I had to have. Now it's more like meh... I would describe the new Qcumberz as an expensive garage sale that has a lot of home brew arts and crafts.... then I would quickly recommend somewhere else.
1	This use to be one of my favorite antique stores.It is under new ownership, it seems the new business model is to take cheep beat up furniture and paint it with house paint, and not carefully I might add, just slop it on.  Looks like they used oops paint colors too.  So disappointing as this place use to be great.
3	I...really hate to say the this place has gone down lately. It seems that perhaps it was sold to a new owner? This place just isn't the same. Every time I go there are less and less unique items and more and more crafty, cutesy items. Just not my style..I really hope their inventory improves next time I visit.
4	Odds and ends and everything between. This antiques store is a hodge podge of furniture, collectibles, vinyls records and, well, junk and dirt.  Some good deals to be had, some items way over-priced.  The inventory changes quickly so you never know what to expect when you come in.
4	So cute! I had never been before the new owners took over, so maybe I don't know what I was missing, but I thought the whole store was wonderful. I could take hours exploring all the different rooms, purchasing random junk to furnish my already junky apartment. The furniture seems affordable and like it's begging to be painted bright colors. But in the end, I chose a couple Reader's Digests with cool covers ($2 each), a picnic basket ($10), and a coat rack ($20) just to keep it classy.
4	Really great finds. Helped me stock a vintage 60's bar.  Ron is very helpful and knows where everything is in the store.  Great at finding knick nacks such as distressed wood, door knobs, irons, kitchen wares, etc.  Something for everyone.
5	Went to Qcumberz yesterday with my young son and he bought his first vinyl record, Van Halen for $3 and got his dad, "Bourne" for Dad's day for only $5. Hadn't been in since they got new owners, and I was pleasantly surprised- you could walk around and see all the good deals to be found. Thank you for the friendly service and great deals!
4	great merch. great prices. although..it's a bit sketchy getting out of the parking lot. you have to back up in a major street. is there anywhere else to park?
5	I love Qcumberz so much that I visit once a week. I have found enough treasures to fill my house and I don't want to stop there. I'm in danger of becoming a hoarder because every time I go to Qcumberz I see something else I have to have. The owner Ron and his son Dylan are so friendly and personable, I'm always greeted with a warm hello and a cold bottle of water. I recommend Qcumbers for anything from a new dresser to an old window frame. I am a qcumber for life.
4	This place is awesome. I spend an entire day walking around vintage stores in the area, and this place has the best stuff and the most reasonable prices. I got a 60s couch for $300 bucks. Can't beat that with a stick.
3	This store was really cool.  The prices were reasonable.  They had a great selection of vinyl, but the condition of the vinyl was very poor
2	I came here after seeing some Craigslist furniture ads with an adorable ottoman posted for sale here. First of all, I almost couldn't park because the parking lot is tiny and literally right off the street. I think I almost caused an accident by braking so fast just so I wouldn't pass it. I walked past another antique like store (Charlie's House) and then walked into Qcumberz. Holy blazes was it hot in there!!! I don't know if the AC wasn't working or if they enjoy it being 95 degrees with hot air blowing around by fans but I was NOT impressed with that! Not once was I greeted by anyone either...bah. The store itself is a good size but there's just so much "crap" everywhere! I think I've learned that this kind of vintage just isn't my cup of tea. Nothing struck a cord with me, just a bunch of stuff I could see at my grandma's garage sale. I did find the ottoman I was looking for and it was so tiny...and for $69! I was shocked how small it was...the close up pictures really make it appear larger. And, the color on the ottoman picture was also different in person (in pictures it was green, in store it was light blue). Major disappointment! Overall, I did not like this store and would not return.
4	I love love love love love coming here. they have a pink fridge with water and the maze of the store goes on and on. different dealers so different price's some are really high and others are good just like anywhere you go. lots and lots of different things always a fun stop.
5	Coming from Portland there is no shortage of vintage shops. However, this place is awesome. Great eclectic mix of treasures, novelties and "junk." Will be back again!
5	Found amazing vintage EVERYTHING for my home. You need to come if you have an old soul as myself! You will love this place. Awesome music playing too!
4	We bought some really cute stuff for our home and casita here for totally reasonable prices. I would have purchased a lot more stuff if my husband wasn't there to rein me in.
4	I bought my lamp and matching buffet table (which I use as an entertainment center) from here and the price was def fair considering the quality of both pieces. The man at the counter was very friendly and helpful and even loaded the furniture into my vehicle for me.
5	Well... Qcumberz is my favorite antique store. This place is packed full of stuff and dangerous.....in that I always spend money when I go there. How could you not? They have some great stuff. I found a punch bowl with cups for like 15$, I found a step stool for 9$.... I found an 8 track player (yes...they have those and the 8 tracks to play in them), I found my bench for my front porch here (restored city of Phoenix bench...cool stuff).... They just have so many fun items, some restored items painted fun colors and some true antique items... the prices are right, the selection is great, I would highly recommend this place for some fun treasure hunting.
5	Such good stuff! The people are great and friendly and mostly willing to work with you to get a great price!
4	Ever since I was a little kid, I have always had a special place in my heart for things with history.  I love getting lost in a sweet little antique store and finding hidden gems, that's why I love Qcumberz so much!!  They truly have a great selection of furniture, books, music, lighting fixtures, etc.  And what's great about them is that they aren't overpriced.  I always find things there that are fairly priced.  Some places around town have great wares, but want millions for them.  The last time I was in, the owner (I'm guessing) came over and asked what items/what era I was looking for.  Super nice guy, very friendly without being up in my business the whole time.  Informed me they had layaway available and then let me do my perusing in peace.  Highly recommend this spot!
4	What a fun place to find the unexpected!!!  Room after room of eclectic stuff to add a little decorative interest to your home.  I bought an oil painting, reframed it, and am using the old frame to paint and put a mirror in all for $75.00 (not including the reframing).  If you like digging there are treasures in every corner.  I will go back every time I am in the Melrose District.  The people who work there were very helpful; they took the picture down, loaded my car and moved things around so I could see some of the items.  They were never pushy about buying anything.
5	Love this place! I recently found several one of a kind items here for my contemporary/rustic remodel. One of my favorite items purchased was an old green door that I converted into a computer desk. The little old man that works behind the counter is very nice and always willing to carry my items purchased out to my car. Stock changes about one a week so if you like digging for treasures this is the place for you!
5	For the last three years I've been a huge fan of the 7th Ave shops.  LOVE THEM!  But lately, I realize that Qcumberz is the BEST, has a fantastic choice of unique, classy, trendy and funky items; big, medium and small. I was there twice this weekend.  Each day, the person/people I was with bought something.  How can you not if you're a decorator like myself and appreciate one of a kind pieces?  I bought a couple of things but my main find was my gorgeous window.  It's old (of course) arched at the top, stands 7 feet high and 3 feet wide.  A perfect addition to my beautiful (yes, suburban) home that lacks the architectural detail that I love.  Seriously, the price?  OMG  VERY INEXPENSIVE.   I'm on a budget so I saw it one day, went home to "think" about it and do some research, and found you can't touch it for under 300, anywhere.  And the cordial people at Qcumberz price their goods so reasonably, it was under three digits.  YES!!! They have alluring doors that add so much to your space (just sit them on your floor), and of course the trendy metal letters, mine was small and only $1..yes that's right ONE DOLLAR.... yes, it is metal, not plastic.  The iron work is to die for, so don't forget that even though it's hot as hell out right now, go outside to the yard in back; major good finds there. Throughout the shop you'll find baskets, paintings, vintage clothing, furniture, industrial wire baskets (those were a bit on the high side though) wood carvings.....the list goes on.  The biggest compliment I have had about my space was when I was having a party and someone commented that it looked very "European".  I love that. Items at Qcumberz  will add to my old world look.  BUT, Qcumberz have items that will add to any look you're trying to create, in any spaceTake a little stroll right across the street to another fine shop where you can be amazingly inspired, but not able to buy because the prices are way high...then go back over to Qcumberz and find the same thing at a fraction of the price.  LOVE IT!  Ooops, did I mention the people who work there are extremely friendly?  Well they are!Thanks Qcumberz for keeping your prices so reasonable, your finds unique and your stock full!!   I"ll be back, count on that.
5	I'm afraid to say how awesome this place is, for fear that more people will find out and Qcumberz will raise their prices.  Nevertheless, they deserve the review!  I was greeted immediately upon walking in and handed an ice cold bottle of water.  Alright, you win!  I'm buying something no matter what... just because it's 115 degrees outside and water was exactly what I needed after spending time in 3 other nearby antique shops that had little to no air conditioning.  Thank you Jesus!  Anyways, I found myself lost in the multiple rooms full of hidden treasure...  It was great.  I had no trouble picking out one thing to buy (in return for the water).  Actually, I could have bought several things that made my heart skip if I didn't drive there in a little Grand Am.  I settled on a one-of-a-kind, refurbished, hand painted, contemporary end table for $38.  The table barely fit in my car but no matter, an employee carried it out and loaded it up for me :)  Thanks guys!  I have no clue where I'm going to put it but I'm pretty sure it whispered to me as I walked by.  I couldn't leave without it.  I'll be returning tomorrow with a U-haul and a few spare hours to really study everything...  Thanks again!
2	I was more than excited to visit Qcumberz when I moved to Phoenix this summer, and was more than disappointed when I did.  I am a big fan of updating and restoring used furniture and thought this would be a great place to start.  Unfortunately the items in the store were priced as if they were mint condition or already restored, when just about everything there would require a further investment of time or energy.  The selection of goods was quite interesting and had it not been in excess of 100 degrees in the building I would have enjoyed just looking at all the old stuff there was to explore. But purchasing anything was off the table as the prices were extremely high for old junk.
