5	The staff from the receptionist, to the dental assistant, dentist, and financial services were extremely friendly and accommodating.   My 6 year old daughter needed two teeth extracted due to overcrowding.  After an initial exam with the dentist and dental assistant, I spoke with someone to receive a financial estimate (we have no dental insurance).   They were able to get my daughter in right away...within 10-15 minutes of the initial consultation AND she was finished in another 15 minutes!  The office is fun and clean, friendly professional staff, and great location.  We'll be back!
5	I had been searching for almost a month for a GOOD PEDIATRIC dentist and found this one. Read some reviews and seen that it was kosher... I set up an appt, which was super easy and of course if you know me I'm ALWAYS late... no problem she says! We get there and only had a small wait, The office was decorated very cool and my son liked playing with the game systems. Our DA calls us back. She was very calm and sweet with my son (who is TERRIFIED of dentists/doctors) she talks to him really calm and tells him about the x-ray machine. My son tends to be VERY talkative (I dont know were he gets it from ; ) ) so she was VERY patient with him and helped him. His x-rays are taken and we get taken back to our dental exam room.It was decorated sooooo cool! A giant safari on one wall and a movie playing by the dental chair, my son was totally at ease and not scared. The doc walks in, introduces himself and gives me a run down of whats up in the littles mouth. He spoke to me like I was a person and not some creature and was very pleasant. We had to schedule him for surgery and that was done very easy. I love the fact that they text you to tell you about your appt's, makes it a lot easier for me!All in all I love this place!! We just went back for post op and the doc was still very sweet as were his staff! I highly recommend this dentist to all!
5	I let my kid pick from all the dentists covered in our insurance,she picked Adventure smiles!She says"mom this place is always awesome,they give you little toys at the end and stickers and balloons and stuff!"I have to agree-it's awesome for many more reasons though. You walk in, and the whole place is safari themed. The decor is that of the savannah, with stuffed lions, giraffes, an elephant head on the wall-don't worry he's not lifesize or anything,and he's friendly looking.The staff here is incredible and Dr. Gary is the best. He's very comforting and soothing to the kids, and to the adults, he explains everything thoroughly and and in a friendly manner. My daughter does not fear going to him. She kind of looks forward to it. There is video games to play in the wait room, and a movie is aplways playing,usually Disney (a few times we've gone,it's been one of the Lion Kings.) Once the kiddos are in the chair, they get to watch the same movie,at the same point it was in the waiting room. I'm so glad we found it.We've been coming here for years-teeth pulled, spacers put in, fix a broken tooth, fix a fracture...I think we started coming here when she was five. Anyway, we will probably keep coming here till she feels she s too old! lol
5	I let my child pick a dentistry based on my insurance: we landed here.I think we've been coming for almost 4 years now,My kiddo loves this place.They have a safari theme and it's very tastefully done. I imagine we'll be coming here till she thinks she's too old for the atmosphere.She says" mom,every time I come here, they give me stuff!"She's had a lot of procedures done here, and some of them, not so happy and pain free, but she still wants to come back.Dr. Richardson is phenomenal with kids, and as a parent ,he is superior at explaining what is to happening to my kids' teeth and how we are going to treat it.I wish he was around when I was a kid, I had some horrendous things happen to my mouth,he would have made me feel better. :)Anyway, I recommend him to everyone who even brings up kids dentists.I have only had 1 checkin here since I started Yelp, but we've been here on average three times a year for four years.Love.
5	How oftern do you leave a DENTISTS office smiling? What couldve been a tear-filled visit for my two-year-old was a wondderful experience. I found these folks through.... you guessed it... yelp! Taking all my kids here from here on in!The hygenist was wonderful with my son, the Dr. was lovely and quick, they made a big fuss over my big boy, and gave his a battery-poiwered toothbrush, a sticker and let him buy a prize with a coin.They were so personable. and the place was decorated cutely too, and had tv screen above each dentists chair. Nice!!!5 stars!
5	How oftern do you leave a DENTISTS office smiling? What couldve been a tear-filled visit for my two-year-old was a wondderful experience. I found these folks through.... you guessed it... yelp! Taking all my kids here from here on in!The hygenist was wonderful with my son, the Dr. was lovely and quick, they made a big fuss over my big boy, and gave his a battery-poiwered toothbrush, a sticker and let him buy a prize with a coin.They were so personable. and the place was decorated cutely too, and had tv screen above each dentists chair. Nice!!!5 stars!
5	I have 4 children (teen to toddler) and they all love going here. My toddler can be a handle when strangers touch him, and the staff was excellent with him. Highly recommend this place!
5	We are going to miss coming to see Dr. Gary [Richardson] when we move! After trying Just for Kids Dentistry in North Las Vegas and Smile Stars (and being unimpressed/disappointed with both) we came to Adventure Smiles. Wow! This place is beautiful, clean, and the staff is excellent. They also give out the"good" toothbrushes, the 6-dollar electric ones-not the cheap throw-away ones that a lot of dentists give out. They give the kids a token to use on a toy machine as they walk out, which the kids love. They also don't try to sell you stuff you don't need. Love this place!
5	My daughter had a great dentist in San Diego so I was worried about transitioning to a new dentist... After our first visit all my worries were put at ease! Adventure Smiles is fantastic! The check-in process was all electronic and was super efficient! The staff were all wonderful, friendly and very kid-friendly! They explained everything that was happening and answered any questions I may have. The dentist was quick, but never made me feel rushed. The entire appointment went smoothly and pain-free! I'd definitely recommend Adventure Smiles and am relieved to find a new dentist for my daughter that we both love!!
5	Love this place! The whole process from booking my daughter's appointment to the moment we walked out was great! You can tell the hygienist really loves her job. She made my daughter very comfortable and calm. Dr. Gary was awesome as well and never made me feel rushed. I tend to ask a lot of questions. The office and bathrooms were very pleasant and clean.
5	My son loves this place, the decor is awesome, kid friendly. The staff is so nice and gentle with the kids. Dr. Richardson is the best! I wish they took adults here so I could go to... I totally recommend this dentist!!!
5	Great dentist for kids...been going here for years. The practice is well run and managed and the dentist is super careful with the kids...they never feel any pain.
5	Without a doubt the best pediatric dentist in town. Located near where we use to live on flamingo and el captain, and even though we moved all the way to boulder hwy and warm springs I will gladly drive across town to see Dr. Richardson. I am  a certified dental assistant and have worked at a practice that caters to children and adults. I wish the adults that come into the dental office where I used to work would instead bring their kids here. I am absolutely horrified at the results you get for pediatric dentistry at placed like absolute dental. They always recommend caps/crowns for the children and they always use the ones that look like cheap porcelain with the silver backing which you can clearly see (I guess they do that to cut their cost and figure the kid will lose them when their adult teeth come in) When Dr. Richardson recommended crowns for my 2 year old front 4 teeth because her enamel had white spots because of all the fruit juice she use to drink I was hesitant but he reassured me and showed me an example of what they would look like. He doesn't do the procedure in his office, he schedules them at the surgery center and schedules only a couple of appointments a day which gives him enough time to concentrate and not rush. Her teeth turned out beautiful and look like they would look on an adult that had crowns put on, its completely nice and white and good quality all the way around-no metal on the backside of the tooth. I now giggle because I would say on a daily basis she gets compliments and people telling me "oh she has beautiful teeth, shes going to have a beautiful smile when she gets older" makes me laugh that they're not real but just crowns, but that goes to show the quality of work he does. My son also goes here and he loves it. Every time I tell him he has a dental appointment he will ask me everyday until the day of the appointment.  My son sucks his thumb and Dr. Richardson was very informative about what can be done later down the road for him to correct his bite. Also when we had a dental emergency while in L.A (my son fell and hit his mouth and it was bleeding around his tooth) I panicked and freaked out. I called the office who scheduled me for an appointment the next day as a favor. usually the wait is at-least a week to see him. The kids love going here. Its very clean, the staff is very professional, the check-in and out process is very easy, they give out good tooth brushed that the kids love and even give them a a token so the can get something from the toy machine.Love this place. I will continue to drive across town to see him.
4	Super friendly staff and the dentist was great! My son had an emergency referral and they made sure to take care of us right away. They made my son feel at ease and the Dr. was so quick during the procedure! I like how clam and peaceful the office was, not loud and rowdy like at some other pediatric dentist offices around Vegas, which made thing so much easier on all of us!
5	I love dr. Gary! He is the best dentist that I have ever encountered. He is so friendly and my son has no issues going to the dentist. It's very kid friendly and a clean office. Lisa, the office manager, is awesome. So patient and kind hearted. In fact, every staff member is soooo nice. My son hasn't had to have any major dental work, but dr. Gary explains everything to us every step of the way. I will absolutely recommend him to anyone who is looking for a pediatric dentist.
5	Dr Gary is awesome compassionate caring and very friendly he talks to the children makes sure the understand so they are not scared and is very gentle and listens to them . My kids actually love coming to the dentist now. His staff is also very friendly and professional
5	These folks are great! They are kind, calming and accessible. I left my appointment feeling well informed and as if had found a team of people that really cared about my dental health. Plus they validated parking!
5	Been coming here for 3 years. Everyone is so friendly and everytime I come here, with my 2 sons, always a great experience. Recommends this to anyone looking for a pediatric dentist. Now I wish they take adults, I will sure come here! :)
5	We love Dr. Gary and all the staff! They are super amazing, we've been going here for about 5 years now. Wait time is not too bad. I wish all doctor offices were like this! My kids can't wait to go to the dentist!
