3	Where Jeff reviewed the other activities and excluded the nature center, this review is for the nature center, specifically during one of their "Nature at Night" events (not the UYE, as my inner calendar was off by a week).First up, let me tell you that you may not want to visit at rush hour if you are headed from the Charlotte area, and if you do, give your self plenty of extra time.  The drive down Tryon Street/49 can be excruciating.  Luckily, you generally will be visiting in the day so this isn't an issue, but they do have night programs, so just keep this in mind, K?Once you get to the entrance to the preserve, it may seem a little intimidating.  Like crazy axe killer coming out of the woods when no one is around intimidating.  There is little to no signage and if no one is around it can be pleasant ("hey, no one is around - this is peaceful!") or scary ("hey, no one is around - do I have my pepper spray and yawara stick?").As you pull into the nature center, it is probably best to not get your hopes up too high.  As with many things, there is marketing at work here.For instance, the "indoor campfire" is a fan in a room with light attached to it.  Seating is reminiscent of folding lawn chairs (it may have been folding lawn chairs).  There is also an indoor night sky, which is really dots or splatters of paint on the ceiling - it does not seem to be an accurate representation of the actual sky or constellations (if you are into that sort of thing).There are a few reptiles in cages, and you can color in a spider or draw something on construction paper with crayons.  If you are up for it, you can hike in the woods around the nature center, and there is supposedly a telescope nearby, but the location was not revealed to us by the staff.  On our visit, they also offered hot water which could be used to mix our own hot chocolate.At night, this may not be the best place to visit, especially in the winter season and during inclement weather.  During the day when you can get out and about, there definitely seems to be more potential here.
4	Free, easy access, a paved hiking trail that is 1/3 of a mile long.  Small playground with equipment in good shape.  A perfect place for your toddler!
4	What a great city park!Ok, so I guess it's not really IN the city.  It's located on the outskirts, bordering Lake Wylie, close to Carowinds.  The park is quite large, with several hiking trails to suit your needs.  Several of the trails take you up to the lake, where you get a great view of the water and the surrounding wooded area.  While I haven't done it yet, this is a great place to have a picnic or a cookout.  They have several picnic tables and grills available for just that purpose.  Best of all, perhaps, is the fact that going to the park is FREE.  We don't have great city parks like this where I am from, so this is very refreshing and awesome.  It's a wonderful little piece of nature so close to the city.Next time I visit I really want to check out the nature center and have a little cookout.  I can't wait to come back.
3	while i'm not super-outdoorsy, this is one of the few places i can tolerate when my family needs to get out of the house and breathe in some fresh non-suburban air. there is small nature center within the park, and it's got a few animal exhibits (i use that term loosely here) that little kids might enjoy. i guess they do do some fun, little nature classes that you can register for with your kids. some are parent-involved, and others are drop-off. we haven't done one yet, but we plan on trying them out. sounds fun. there are other family-friendly activities that involve the lake too, but i advise checking out for yourself what might suit you. our kiddos are too little still for a lot of them.the trails around the lake are super easy and kept very clean. there's plenty of parking. fairly decent bathroom facilities. and i believe that the camping areas are super cheap. really, it's a pretty great place to "escape" without having to feel like you need to spend hours in your car to get to that escape. have at it, people!
5	I wish NoVa had a place this size and this beautiful! We did four trails in about 2 hours and saw turtles, fish, birds of all kind! There were picnic areas with BBQ pits along the lake. I loved it!
5	Great Camping Amenities, Friendly Staff, and Waterfront Views. It is beautiful this time of year, and a chill way to spend a day. I especially love the trails, there are so many! It is the only campground in Mecklenburg County, and I just wish there were more like it!
5	Great place to go year round!I hike here all the time and love it. There are lots of short trails for quick hikes and you can loop a few together for a longer hike. Tons of picnic tables and lake scenery. Hiking and kayaking here is great. The nature center has some good displays as well. If you're lucky, you might catch a glimpse if some wildlife!
4	Trees. Trails. Picnic tables and camping spots. I only wish that there was a dog park here and then it would be perfect!
5	Short drive to a peaceful getaway. Pack a picnic, grab the pooch, and get ready for a great day.One of my latest Mecklenburg County discoveries is McDowell Nature Preserve. I love walking trails and getting absorbed in nature and this place fits the bill nicely. Beautiful, well-kept up place making you feel as though you are miles away from anything when in reality it is minutes from the city. There is a great campground to bring your tent and stay the night, a playground for the kiddos, many picnic tables, and plenty of trails to walk for miles. You can even fish, but there are signs posted that say caution because the fish may have a high dosage of mercury. If you are planning a reunion, this would probably be a great place to host it. Rent one of the areas, let people camp out, you are right next to the lake to rent kayaks in the spring and summer...you've got yourself one great family gathering spot!The Nature Center was closed when I was there, but I'm sure one of these days I'll stop in.
4	I love this outdoor oasis. I found it years ago and now me, my husband and pug go to grill past the medium shelter. They have numbered grill spots so you can find your favorite and keep coming back. We go Sundays and bring our picnic basket with kabobs, veggies and cous cous salad and enjoy the sun and fresh air. Each site has a picnic table and typically a view if the water. After you grill (bring lighter fluid and charcoal) you can hike the trails. Get out there before the heat if summer arrives!
5	Great place right in the city, which will take you away from all the busy city life. The nature preserve has numerous hiking trails which are marked and some are good 2 to 3 mile loops. It has picnic tables and grills right besides the lake. Great place to take your dogs for a hike or running on the trails.
5	Love the nature trailsAnd the beautiful picnic areasA great place to take the family
3	Lots of trash on all the trails. Much better woodland experiences in the area.It is a huge park.  There are pretty cool little lake front picnic tables and grills.  Plus, you can camp there.  Other than that, I wasn't impressed.  Ever trail I went hiking on had trash on the trails.  A few had tree's blocking the trails as well.  It just seems like its not mantained.
