1	Got the Honey Bacon Club and tomato basil soup. Not worth the nearly $9 for the pick 2. If you're in the Norterra area, save your self and go to Paradise instead. We won't be going back.
3	Those previous "reviews" must be from Paradise employees. They are nervous now!We've visited this cafe three times now having different sammy & soup each time.The food is good and the variety of options is great. My only concern is the prices. They are on par with Paradise down the walk - both a little high.The difference in volume of soup btwn large and small - if there is one - is not worth the additional charge. Stick with the small.Great place to eat before catcjing a movie next door.
5	The soups here are absolutely delicious! They make them from scratch in the back and they are better than homemade! The lobster bisque is my favorite so far but the mushroom is also delicious! The grilled paninis are really good too. I also tried a few of the salads. The lettuce is very fresh and the dressing are flavorful. They need a 'try 3' combo since its so hard to choose between two! This is my new favorite place. This is a great place to grab a quick bite before a movie.
3	The food was ok. I got the BCH Panini and the Chicken Enchilada Chili. The soup was really salty and the panini was something I could make at home. The employees were friendly but unorganized. I thought it was a little on the expensive end. It cost 3 adults and a child about $45 for soup and salad combos. Probably won't be back. In my opinion, Paradise bakery, Wildflower, and Sweet Tomatoes are a better value.
1	Not impressed one bit! After seeing the menu online I was very excited to try a new restaurant close to home. It was nothing special, AT ALL! The BBQ chicken salad I ordered had a very slim amount of the ingredients mixed in and it maybe, maybe, had 2 ounces of chicken breast. My daughter had the chicken strips and fruit from the kids menu. She's a toddler and eats ketchup with most items. They didn't have ketchup. The lobster bisque soup was okay. A small salad was not enough food and was not offered a size portion when I ordered it. The bread that comes with the meal is just a section of a cold hard loaf and the butter is over ice so there's no way you're spreading that on your hard loaf. The chocolate covered strawberries were a disappointment as well. Only less than half of the strawberry was dipped. Sad to say it but this place doesn't stand a chance with the other restaurants in the shopping center
5	One of my favorite lunch places. Try their tomato soup, it is so good and different than the typical tomato soup. Also you get free chocolate covered strawberry with every meal, can't beat that
4	First time here. The line was almost out the door when we got here but it moved pretty quickly. The menu has a good variety and it pretty reasonably priced. It was nice to see how many salad topping options there were. You get Italian soda mix ins with your fountain drinks and that was fun to play around with. There were some really delicious looking desserts but we didn't get any (this time, but next time...). You get a chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal too. The food was pretty good, fresh and light. They have rolling booted seats/car seat holders and long tables for families. We sat in a booth and had our car seat in one of the holders and felt really in the way from the people squeezing to get by.
5	Really liked this place. Cool atmosphere, loved my meal and the price was good. Had the Asian BBQ pork sandwich and the chicken tortilla chili which were both very good. I'm from out of town but would come here again, and would certainly eat here if they opened one near my home town.
5	After a horrible time trying to get a table at Pita Jungle came here and from the start was impressed.  They opened the door and welcomed us. Everyone was extremely pleasant and got awesome food and sat down right away.
5	What a wonderful staff they have here. Great customer service. Very friendly and energetic. I'm so glad they open this place near me. :))I always get the vegetarian sandwich. It's perfect and it's delightful. The nuts about berries salad, is phenomenal. Strawberries berries and a hint of cinnamon with nuts. Im obsessed :))
1	People say that variety is the spice for life. I couldn't agree more so that's why I ventured out to Cafe Zupas from my normal rotation.I decided to get a large make your own salad along with a soda for $9.29 (inclusive of tax). They give you plenty of mixed greens and about four ingredients on the salad. I could probably fit all the ingredients that they gave me on a hot dog. If you stick out your hand and look at your ring finger and pinky that would have been about the volume of chicken in the salad. I may have gotten somewhere between a 1/3 to 1/2 of a hard boiled egg as well. They chop up the cucumber and tomatoes very fine. Maybe a couple of teaspoons of each ingredient.It's safe to say that I won't be fooled again.  At least I enjoyed this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1QtO2KYwVE   (start at 1:14).
3	I came here on a Thursday at noon w my 4 year old. It was pretty busy mostly with what seemed to be business employees from close by offices. First impression, a friendly girl greeted me at the door to tell me the house favorites. A nice gesture but could be skipped in my opinion since I can read the menu myself and none of the house favs appealed to me at all. An over abundance of (friendly) staff behind the counter took my order and I received my lunch immediately. They offer samples of all of their 10+ soups which was nice. The salmon chowder tasted good but when I dug into my bowl I was disappointed to find it VERY thin w zero bits of salmon or anything other than 2 or 3 bits if corn to be found. In fact, I easily could have drank the entire bowl w a straw. Bummer for a chowder that they compare to the ones found in Washington State!My Thai chicken salad was alright but nothing to write home about. It had very few small pieces of chicken in it, all iceburg lettuce. I did liked the fresh mango, peppers and small kick of spice it had going on. Signs on every table tell you To Not Save Your Table (?) and I couldn't help but feel rushed to vacate mine with several staff hovering over us scoping out our plates. If you are looking for a fast, simple meal on your lunch hour this place will do. If you want to sit and enjoy your lunch, not so much. Bottom line: above average customer service, average at best food.
4	YUM YUM YUM! I happen to have a sweet spot for salads that have fruit in them and Cafe Zupas offers me the motherload of choices to quench my fruit tooth. Their lobsterbisque is so much better than I was expecting it to be. I was happily surprised.
1	Omg seriously I paid 15$ for French onion soup and panini so expensive,And there French onion soup was so oily and gross I had to ask for money back,the staff is so rude the guy on register think he owned it...I would not recommend anyone to eat there they will get sick from that French onion...
1	"What is gluten free?"  asked the shift leader we saw at the front of the line.  To this clueless food service employee, I give her this link to learn about celiac disease:  http://celiac.org/celiac-disease/what-is-celiac-disease/  .This is published by the Celiac Disease Foundation.  This first unwelcome statement was a BIG RED FLAG!  I should have left then, but the next person as I made my way through the line made sure I knew that choosing tofu would count as "two items" (of the six topping choices you have), as she was making my salad.  That is really dumb. Tofu is the least expensive protein you can buy, at only about $1.50/lb.  That was my second red flag to turn and get the hell out of there and find a better choice.  Even the pizza restaurant across the parking lot makes gluten free pizza.  Training is not happening for these young kids, that's obvious!  They wanted to pile lettuce to the brim of the bowl, and I told her it was too much lettuce.  "That's our salad", she said.  My thoughts were, "okay, so they pile on lettuce to make it look like a big salad, and I don't get to make this salad as I would like."  Their cucumber they served doesn't look like cucumber.  I thought it was celery.  I asked, "which of your soups is gluten free?"  They had NO IDEA!  So, thanks for wasting our time and money, and for the diarrhea we both got after eating your gluten full food that no one could verbally validate for us one way or the other.  Even broth can contain gluten, this is a clue for the shift leader who wasn't given any training.  Hopefully one of the business owners will read this to his or her embarassment.  Not only was it a lousy first time experience, going there is dangerous to my health.  This place is off the list for me even if they become more gluten aware.  Gluten sensitivity is not a fad, it's an epidemic, so ignoring it will cause more loss of customers, and hopefully an owner is listening.   If you love the ordinary junk, and love someone else making your own salad, then go here and forget about Sweet Tomatoes.  That's where I am going from now on.  I've already forgiven myself for giving them the benefit of the doubt, but at least I can help others who need this information who are looking.  See you at Sweet Tomatoes!
1	Food was ok. Atmosphere was terrible. Exactly 10 minutes after leaving I had to stop at a QT gas station due to an upset stomach and let's just say I'm not going back.
4	Really like this place. Everyone is super friendly and I haven't had a bad dish yet. Their clam chowder is really excellent. Have had a variety of soups and sandwiches and have never had a bad thing to eat. They are also quick so if you're in a rush on lunch this is a good spot.
2	Went yesterday for dinner, Irish stew signs posted all over. As I approached the counter I was told they were out. I was disappointed but stayed for a soup and sandwich. Both were ok at best, but I did not get my chocolate covered strawberry. Not a good experience.
1	And now its bad here too. Ordered a chicken ceasar salad with no red peppers.  The girl threw peppers on it and we told her we said no red peppers. So what does she do, pick them off right in front of us. So disgusting! Wow. Not coming back.
3	Good not great...Paradise Bakery is slightly better if you are looking for soups,  salads and sandwiches.
5	I really enjoy this place. Their food is tasty and they have awesome customer service. My 2 year old accidentally dropped her plate on the floor when she was less than half done. I went back to the counter to order another meal for her and as I was about to pay I was having a conversation with the gentleman behind the counter and mentioned why I was buying another meal. He handed my money back to me and said I certainly didn't need to buy another meal, accidents happen and they were happy to take care of it. They didn't have to do that since it was in no way their fault! They don't have the BEST food, but I have enjoyed everything I've gotten so far. The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice treat!
2	I love the ambiance of the restaurant and the high volume of staff to keep things moving.  It was busy, but the service remained fast and friendly regardless of the high volume of people there.What I didn't love was the salad and the lack of discussion about what I was ordering.  They prepared me a small salad, I wanted a large but couldn't tell what they were doing.  Once I realized it was a small it was too late.  Also, the added items (chicken, egg, tomato, etc) was WAY too small of a serving for a lunch.  I was less than two bites of chicken - maybe 1-2ounces total..  and about 1/4 of a hard-boiled egg.  I'm not a big eater - but I was pretty hungry when I left the restaurant.  Also - WAY too much dressing - it was drowning in dressing.They were so focused on keeping the line moving (and I understand they need to get people through at lunchtime), but they didn't take enough time to let me make decisions about my order.  Large salad, not small.  Extra chicken please.  LESS dressing, etc.  It could  be great if they improved the service at the counter and actually gave people a moment to order what they want... and if they consider actually adding a decent serving of ingredients to the salads.
5	So So good, you get good bang for your buck,... skip the paradise bakery and head here love it!! They also have Italian soda which is also so so so good.
2	This place is horrible if you need to eat gluten free.  They told me at least 5 times that theirs is an 'open kitchen' and there is risk of contamination (they are set up like paradise bakery in that they make the salad in front of you using crocks of the various items).  But they could not tell me if there was gluten in any of their dressings.  They have no gluten free menu.  Anyone who eats gluten free knows they are taking a risk eating at this type of place and does not need to be told.  The staff even told me it is not their fault if I get sick. I got the summer salad with the dressing on the side - the salad was good and I did not get sick from gluten.  The small salad is not really enough food for a meal.  The kids meals are $4 and include an option of two items from the following - baked chicken tenders, grilled cheese sandwich, fruit cup, and soup.  They come with a drink (from the soda fountain) and a choice of bread or chocolate covered strawberry.  The kids seemed to like their meals.I will not be going here again until they have a gluten free menu.
2	Not a fan of this place.  It is loud, hard to walk down the isles (tables are really really close together), food is mediocre AT BEST and I feel like I am ordering at a school cafeteria.  Paradise Bakery has a similar set up to their restaurant, but the food is worth it.  It is usually busy, so some people must like it (it is affordable) -- but the food is very bland and lacks zest in my opinion.  No complaints about the staff though.  :)  My friends like this place, but I just can not stand going here due to the food; I've tried it about 4 separate times. There are so, so, so many other more flavorful restaurants to go to in walking distance.
3	Good food- weren't very accommodating to my mother who can't eat certain vegetables. They seemed to be frustrated when they had to start the salad over- work on your employees attitude.
3	An alternative to Paradise Bakery. Had the Asian BBQ sandwich & tomato soup, both tasty and I would return. I prefer Paradise however.
3	Turkey avocado sandwich and Caesar salad are really good!!! But the breads all get hard quick
4	The million dollar bar is worth a million dollars. Best dessert bar I have ever tasted.The salads get drowned in dressing. They must confuse soup and salad? That was our only complaint. Sandwiches were very good, unlike a few reviews we had plenty of salad ingredients... No skimping (seriously, cool it on the dressing).Better sandwich selection than paradise, and the million dollar bar is better than any cookie at paradise (a very overrated place IMO).We'll be back for more.
5	Delicious salad and sandwiches. Had the avocado and crab sandwich and berry salad. It was just the right amount to split with my friend. Nice atmosphere with bright colors and lots of big windows and cozy booth seating. My new favorite lunch spot when I'm in the area.
3	First of all:  It's a cafeteria.  If you want ambiance, quiet and a gourmet cuisine, you need to find another place to eat.  I've been here twice: once when it was not busy and one time around lunch.  They do handle crowds pretty well and they keep the line moving.  Communication with the serving staff is a little tough when it's crowded because of the noise.  The soups are very good; I especially like the lobster bisque.  I've also had the New England clam chowder and it was acceptable but not exceptional.  My wife liked the Yucatan chicken tortilla soup but I thought it had too much cumin in it.  She also had a Thai chicken mango salad which she said was on the spicy side... It's Thai... I think it's supposed to be a little spicy.The sandwiches are also decent... not exceptional.  The salads were reasonably sized and fresh however they did seem to skimp a bit on the "protein" parts (chicken, egg etc.).Overall it's a good place for a quick meal and the food is decent and a good alternative to a burger.  The prices are a bit high for a cafeteria type setting but it's not outrageous.  I'll probably stop here again when I'm in the vicinity and in the mood for soup and sandwich or a salad.  Expect it to be crowded around meal times and expect it to be on the noisy side; other than that, I would give it a thumbs up.
2	I really do enjoy the food at this place which is why is why it's so disappointing that it just isn't run very well.After eating here several times I've decided not to return to this location. Every time I've been here I've been greeted by half a dozen super cheerful people behind the counter, who take my order and make my food. I pay for my meal and then the challenge begins.It doesn't matter if the restaurant is busy or slow, it's almost impossible to find a clean table. The dining room is always a wreck and the area where you get your drinks and silverware is usually a mess. Tonight was no exception, there were dirty tables everywhere and the tables that weren't covered with trays of left behind food were not wiped clean.I understand that this isn't fine dining and it's a counter service restaurant, but if I'm paying $12 for soup and salad I should be able to find a clean place to eat.
4	I just recently found out they had a location at Norterra and I am so happy I did. I've been coming here for lunch quite a bit lately because I can't get enough of it. I love the Turkey Bacon Avocado Panini. You can't beat getting a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal either. I tried the Rocky Road Brownie last time and I highly recommend it. Everyone who works at this location is always very friendly too. If you're looking for an alternative to Paradise Bakery I'd give Cafe Zupas a try. They don't disappoint.
2	Went for lunch. Ordered the ultimate grilled cheese creamy veg soup. Soup was lukewarm but very tasty. If you wanted croutons or cheddar on top extra charge.Ultimate grilled cheese, not so ultimate. I expected tons of cheese and there just wasn't that much.My friend ordered the summer chicken salad, lots do lettuce but very skimpy on the chicken. Overall, a bit pricy for what it is.  I prefer Jason's Deli or the corner bakery, or Mimi's.  My lunch was over 9 with tax and no drink.
3	Nothing that is going to blow your mind from a flavor or culinary perspective, but great value and a home run with the kids.  They love the grilled cheese, soup and who doesn't love a chocolate covered strawberry.  I have had the turkey panini which was good, the Cuban was would have been perfect but the pork had a bit of a funky flavor to it like it had been sitting out for a while.  Their beverage counter in back has some cool hot sauces and flavors for teas and sodas which I haven't seen at most sandwich shops.  The thai mango salad is pretty good as well but order the dressing on the side.  As another reviewer stated they drown their salads in dressing.  Their service is up and down.  Sometimes they have someone greeting you at the door, sometimes they don't.  Sometimes the tables are clean, sometimes they aren't.  Sometimes the bathroom is spotless, sometimes it isn't.  We will keep going back to grab a bite before a movie and hopefully things even out.  It could be a 4 star place if it does.
1	Salad: Red Raspberry Spinach Salad Location: Norterra Pheonix, AZ Price: $9.49  Pros:  Seemed organic, claimed house made, natural salads and so and such. Happy to know that Zupas created soups and salad dressing from scratch.   Cons: Initial order was for  1/2 salad-Red Raspberry Spinach Salad. But I changed mind in 30 secs and asked for full salad (due to lack of sandwich options) The manager-in-charge (the great!) decided to switch  1/2 salad bowl to full salad and call it 'that's easy' by adding a handful of spinach. I was shocked & had a conflicting thoughts as to may be there is more or may be I'm missing something..blah blah! But the bowl is moved from one end to another just with a spoonful of pistachios and some grapes (cheap stuff) and i opt out for blue cheese - they load the salad with sugary raspberry proclaimed salad dressing. And I ask for cranberry, which comes with this particular salad. But, guess what! they charge an extra 1.49 on this and make my bill for what? let's say a-big-handful of spinach, teaspoon of pistachio, teaspoon of grapes, big scoop of cheap dressing = $9.49  Argh! I ask 'is this it?' at the register and the untrained not-courteous-at-all guy at register just wants my card says nothing at all. I feel cheated, robbed and hungry looking at this spinach salad. I pay and decide to never return.  Lesson learnt: if I'm dying and all resturants are closed in the town if only this is open I might go and if I did I'll buy only a 1/2 salad. And the dressings are too much of sugar - not close to what they have claimed as healthy stuff.  Lastly, don't bother taking vegetarian friends coz there is not a single decent & healthy sandwich that you can make it a vegetarian version. And the salads will starve you to death ;-)   My request: Please make your salad portions fair (read more healthy and quality veg, fruits, nuts) Please add more veg sandwich options And freaggin make more veg soups other than the classic tomato soups.
2	No thank you. My date and I went there after a movie. She had a salad and a sandwich. I had clam chowder and knew that I would eat half of her sandwich. My chowder was loaded with green bell peppers, which I hate. This was not listed in the ingredients in the menu. Thankfully, they were happy to exchange it for lobster bisque. Both soups were bland. The date ordered that salad sans tomato and onion, both of which were not left off. The panini sandwhich was pitiful. The smallest portion and no flavor. Luckily for me, my date paid for all this, as it was way overpriced for what we got. She's still willing to see me and we'll probably go to Sauce next time.
1	Was a regular at the Norterra Cafe Zupa. No more. I ordered the usual sandwich and salad combo (the Italy with a ceasar salad). Get to the end of the line. What did you order? Italian sandwich and ceasar salad. We don't have the ceasar anymore we discontinued it. What? You couldn't tell me that when I ordered? No sorry. Just we added a few more salads to the menu. Not even do you want to try one of those. I said just the sandwich then and left. After a 10 minute wait in line (only one customer in front of me who had to sample everything and order everything) and then this, I will not be back. The food combo was the only thing keeping me coming to this place as the young employees behind the counter have no clue what customer service is. Goodbye Cafe Zupa's. Here's to finding something better!
