4	I took my computer here when it crashed (right before finals of course). All of the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. When talking to me about my computer and their opinions, they were very open and honest and I didn't feel like I was being taken advantage of at all due to the fact that I am young, female, an clearly not a tech genius. What really stood out to me during my experience of working with Raven was that after I got my computer back, I realized they had forgotten to put my files back onto the computer. When I called, they were so apologetic, and they immediately sent someone to drive downtown to my apartment to pick the computer up and then bring it back when it was fixed. THIS is how costumer service is supposed to be. I was so thankful and impressed that they did not make their mistake my problem, and it reminded me that when someone makes a mistake, it doesn't have to be an anger inducing experience if they are quality customer service representatives and are honest about making a mistake and doing everything in their power to fix it without inconveniencing anyone else.Such a great experience, my computer is still working great, I would send anyone here knowing that they will be taken care of.
5	This was a complete surprise..Best retail experience I have ever had..my netbook was fried. They brought it back to life and upgraded it to work better than when it was new..AND for the agreed upon price..If you are looking for great service at reasonable and honest pricing this is the place .BRAVO RAVEN
5	Great customer service. He ordered the part I need a new touch pad for my laptop. The part was going to take over the weekend to come in so he let me borrow a mouse. The part came in and I brought it back in. The turnaround was great. It was done by the next day. I also didn't feel overcharged either. His customer service and promptness were well worth it. And the labor charge really wasn't bad.
5	Just raving about this Raven Computers, Inc  to my friends and family. I had a mac problem where I couldn't log into my computer, couldn't install iTunes, go to the Internet, nothing! Their tech came over to me and got it working in 5 minutes! I saved time and money with these guys!! The best!
