3	Yep, it is a Panera.  Same as the other thousands out there.  But I did find the people working at this one to be very friendly.  For OK tasting soup and sandwiches in a family friendly atmosphere this is a good option.
3	I think it's some sort of law that if you live in Lebo and have young kids, you must visit this place at least twice a month or the authorities will, like, confiscate your GymBucks. At lunchtime it's absolutely overrun w/ small kids. But the food is reliable, the bread is genuinely good, and-- pregnant women take note-- there's caffeine-free Diet Pepsi in the fountain. I appreciate the free wifi.
5	I love Panara, I hear some bad things about management but I don't believe the rumors. Anyway, Pittsburgh is sorely missing good bagel places and Panara comes through not only with bagels, but other great, fresh bakery items. Good soups and sandwiches, being vegan I love their offerings. Good coffee too, they have a french roast that puts Starbucks to shame.
2	Some good some bad.  This goes for the food and the service.  You MUST check your order if it's to go in any of the locations.  I have had more mistakes than correct orders in the last year or so.  The "presses" are MICROWAVES.  They are not training their employees to know this and they are not making it public.  I had an employee actually argue about it with me this morning because I wanted them to toast my bagel and assemble the egg and cheese without nuking it.  I got to my car and they had forgotten the cheese.  I went back and the cook told me that the counter person didn't know if I wanted it!  I think someone should have double checked if this was the case as the sandwich comes with cheese to begin with.Even Burger King doesn't microwave their breakfast!
4	What's with the new bistro French onion soup? I liked the old soup better. Too many onions, not enough cheese, and lack of flavor in this one. Ham and Swiss sandwich was solid though.
4	Asian Sesame Chicken Salad is my favorite 'healthy' lunch.
4	Needs more registers in the mornings. Mildly unorganized. But the breakfast sandwich is worth the wait.
4	I'm a big fan of Panera Bread in general. While I don't think it's all that healthy (even though it's mostly salads and sandwiches, the calories definitely add up. I'm not a big green tea fan, but for some reason Panera's Green Tea is SOO incredibly delicious. They even offer refills here (other panera locations don't. believe me, I've asked). I love the strawberry/poppyseed salad but it's a seasonal item. There's also a nice selection of food for the little ones, although you're dropping almost $6 on a PB&J or Mac N Cheese. If you order a YOU-PICk-TWO combo you can throw in a dessert item for $0.99.
