4	The china wok buffet is the best Chinese buffet I've ever been too! I only give it a 4 instead of a 5 because if i find something better(very unlikely) i won't be able to rate it as such. This buffet has everything you could want from Chinese food. It has a delicious array of chicken's, pork, and seafood. My personal fav's are the Tso's, peppered chicken, crab cheese bake, deep fried shrimp, and the baked salmon. Their crab Rangoon, egg rolls, and soup are fair. Finally their desert. Unlike most Chinese buffets I've been to this one buckets of ice cream. You serve yourself but you get a decent assortment of Mint Chocolate chip, strawberry, butter pecan, and birthday cake. If your ever in the mood to over indulge on food at a really good price. I definitely recommend going here.
4	I typically hate and do not recommend Chinese buffets, but this is totally the exception. I have been going to this buffet for a few years now, and it is great every time.  They don't overstock the buffet, so they keep the items fresh all the time.  From the soups, to apps to the main dishes, is very good food.  Remember, its Chinese, so stay away from the sushi, its not up to par with the rest of the buffet.  Finally, there is ice cream kind of hidden in the back.   Put a scoop or two on top of a hot doughunt or two and you will finish in heaven.
2	I went to this place at 7pm. And most of the food was cold or warm some hot fresh food. That was good but not for 10.75.  The only thing was great was the ice cram.
1	Went there on Saturday night to get some food to go. On of the worst Chinese Buffets I've seen. Half of the trays were empty and other half were almost empty. Very little selection. The worst pay is the take out prices: $10.50 to get a to go box(should be under 2lb) and 40 cents for every ounce after, WTF is that!!! So we just went somewhere else that night and didn't dine there at all. Bottom line: EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE.
2	Not good, not BAD, this place is a fine choice if you're looking for totally mediocre but plentiful food. That being said, I would not recommend the place to friends.
4	this place is great for what it is.  i've never been disappointed - even after the lunch rush is over the food is kept fresh and rotated.  i can't speak for dinner, but lunch is as good as chinese buffets get in the madison/middleton locale.  jade garden is good if they are busy, but they let the food go to pot when they slow down a little.
3	I live close by and stop in periodically and have not had any issues with food or service.  I have left full and happy every time.  Hot food...all the sushi you can eat!Keep up the good work!
3	This place is average. Lots of food. Speedy staff. It's a casual buffet. Great for business lunches
2	Some of the food on the buffet is quite good. The Szechwan pork and barbecue pork stand out in my recollection. The fried rice is memorable for its blandness and frozen peas and carrots. Cabbage was apparently the only ingredient that they could find to stuff their egg rolls with.This gets lows ratings for staff and service. We were barely acknowledged upon entrance and completely ignored when attempting to pay. One drink refill arrived at all, and even then it was about 7 minutes later than desired. The manager chatted quite loudly on his phone while we and several others tried to settle our bills. He grunted in lieu of speaking and made his best effort to lob the receipts over the counter to avoid ever being within 6 inches of his customers.
1	Not sure why I keep deciding to come back here. Rice is rock hard and has no flavor, along with most of the other food on the half-empty buffet trays. $10.50 for a plate of stale food and a drink that they forget to refill? No thanks.
