4	New Nike store that replaced the Nordstrom Rack that left for Stephanie street.Real nice inside, clean layout. I found some nice things on sale and good pants for work. Nike is quality
5	I came to the store looking for specific shoes unfortunately they did not have them. I was pretty upset because I drove from Summerlin :[ . Anywho the five stars completely go to Jamaal! He is probably one of the best employees I have ever met at any store. He was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
4	Good prices, great selection and a friendly staff... What more can you ask for?
2	The deals can be amazing, but finding athletic wear tends to be the real issue. I like their shoes, but the clothing was not impressive. One walk through of the store and I had found nothing.The plus side, the staff were very considerate. As I was browsing a few came up to assist me. I did not need the help, but the offer was appreciated.Apparently, women's apparel is the place to be. My sister was able to find many items.
4	saves a trip to outlet mall, not quite as good of selection as outlet location but still nice to have close to home. good deals on sneakers, not quite as good on clothing.
4	diggin this nike outlet location away from the strip... smaller in square footage but i like it better than the one at premium outlets & the charleston one, too. employees were super friendly & various people were readily available to help us out. granted, it wasn't that busy but good customer service should be commended whether the store is a madhouse or not. and being that this outlet probably does not get as hectic as the other ones in vegas, the space was kept very clean and well organized.we saw a lot of lunar running shoes. from lunarglide 3 to lunar eclipse, etc... lots more sizes available in the clearance section. i liked that. not too much apparel but they had a good selection of elite basketball socks. my friends & i will definitely be checking this location out on the regular whenever we're in town.
4	I have to say that I was a little shocked at the price of some of the clothes at the Nike store.  However I have to say that they are worth the price.  I bought a jacket that is used for running in the colder months made of  thermal material.  I really can wear a sports bra and this jacket and be warm enough during my workout.  I did have an issue with the first jacket, where the fabric was pulling apart at the seam.  I brought it back to the store and they didn't even question the exchange.  No hassle exchange!  That is why I will shop here again!
3	On the search for Shox for my fella, I scoured the earth trying to find the right pair for him. This store is smaller than the other outlets in town. Not as well stocked, but they still have quite a selection of clearance and sale items. Still not a large selection of what I was looking for and customer service was a little less friendly and attentive than other locations I've been to, but overall they're worth a shot for their clearance items alone.
4	Like this location due to the fact they have a pretty good size of collection of shoes and clothing for a stand alone. This place made it for me due to the fact they have pretty decent sales as well. I think I ended up picking up 3 or 4 pairs within a month span. I know a little excessive. But man, picking up shoes that are originally like 70 to 120 dollars and only getting them for 50 bucks or less. Can't really beat that. The only down side is the clothing. Wish they have a bigger selection of clothing to choose from. And when they have some decent looking clothing. It's surpringsly overpriced. But than again, it is nike. All I know is I could always trust this place on finding shoes with good prices. Can't wait till I get my tax return and wait for them to have a sale. Probably blow all my tax return on shoes an some clothing. :)
4	My fav of the factory locations in town. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Very knowledgeable about the products and can recommend others to fit your needs. 30% and 40% sales very often! Make sure to complete the survey on your receipt for $5 off your next purchase. I'm addicted to this store!
4	Not a huge fan of Nike shoes anymore but I do like the gear and this store a lot.  It's very clean and organized and the employees are so friendly and helpful.  The sizes are always in order and easy to find.  The employees will happily try to locate it for you if your size isn't on the rack.  One star off because my husband was trying to locate his size on clearance rack shoes and the wrong sizes were found in the labeled boxes.
5	I found size 15 shoes, I purchased two pairs and the people were nice and helpful!  I will decently come back!
4	This location sets back off of Eastern in the Target strip mall.  There is plenty of parking in this area also.  I wanted to stop in to see what kind of deals that had.   We arrived just as they opened for the day.  The store was very clean, organized and bright.  The clothes are in the front half and the shoes are located along the back.  Just before the shoe section are the clearance racks.  Hooray!  I love finding good deals.    The dressing rooms are open for customers to try on an item.  I was happy to not need to find someone to unlock a room.  When I was ready with my things, there was someone ready and waiting to check out.  She was very pleasant and courteous.  I would not have any issues visiting this store again.  Thanks Nike!
5	I do wish they had more selection , but they are so helpful . I bought a shirt thinking it was loose fit, wore it on a hike and found out it was slim fit. They let me exchange it!!!
3	Really nice staff work right I front of this store I wish they had more things but other than that really nice place !
5	Hi, my name is Cathy Crazypants and I'm a Nike and Lululemon addict.I was in the area and I honestly wasn't expecting to buy more gym clothes or shoes - like I need more. But I do stalk their website at least every week to check the latest stuff and items on sale. So, when I saw this building from where I was at - I was hypnotized and I just couldn't stop myself.  I got there 30 minutes before they opened which is at 10am. I was ogling some colorful pants and tops on their window display. Significant damage will be done, I could feel it!I attempted to open the door again at 9:55am - it was unlocked! I was greeted by the sales associates and I felt like I was just floating - moving from one rack to another; browsing and grabbing shirts, tank tops, pants, sports bras, shoes and accessories.  Colors, prints...I just went on autopilot with a freaky smile on my face. A sales associate took my shopping bag and shoe boxes to the counter for me as my hands could no longer grab more stuff.I was mighty impressed by how organized everything was, especially the shoes. Everything was perfectly aligned, stacked and placed in appropriate shelves. People with OCD must work here and I love it!I've been looking for a pair of all black running shoes, red shoes, blue tank top for months - they have them all! It was just meant to be.  Some styles are from 8 months ago and there are some that are still relatively current. But I don't know anybody else who's as obsessed about gym clothes and shoes as I am so buying the most current style doesn't matter. They're nice, they fit, BUY!I ended up with 5 tank tops, a shirt and 2 pairs of shoes for only $243! That's definitely a steal! I found a pair of capris I bought at Niketown for $120 last year, they have them for $50!
4	This store is definitely not Caesar's or Nike Outlet Malls size, but it's kept pretty clean and organized, still a good handful of selection to choose from.Located in the same parking lot as Target, Ulta, PetSmart, etc. Martha, the sales associate, was definitely helpful with suggestions and pointed out new items that just came in or may be popular by customers.I'll be coming back, especially that it's so close to work / gym.
