5	Tony has his own shop now he's a great barber giving out great cuts at a great price!! Go in and get a great cut today!
5	It's always hard to find a good Barber, but when you do it's a relief. Tony is friendly and also gives a great cut too. So if you are looking for a great cut Tony is your man ;)
5	If you're looking for an old-school shaven haircut this is the place!! Tonys great. Highly recommend and will be back again:))
5	We have had our 3 boys and my husband's hair cut by Tony for the last 13 years. He's always done a great job and we always get what we ask for. He's fun and professional and I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	Stop on in! You'll get a nice haircut with a friendly and talented barber. He's big on basketball which is something I'm always happy to talk about. The shop just opened but he's a multi-generational barber with over 20 years experience.He's got a couple nice tv's (one is huge!), soft drinks, water, and perhaps even a cold brew if you're in need. He's a hard-working guy and his efforts show. Do yourself a favor and check his place out!
5	Amazing barber! Very professional and I let him do what he wanted and I am very pleased with the hair cut I got. I also got the beard trim and he gives you tips on how to do it yourself and it was very masterfully done! Visit him if you want a barber for a very long time!
5	Stop by a great barber and get your haircut and enjoy a free beer. Great attitude great talks. The haircut looks great as well. Help a new barber out and stop by.
5	Followed Tony to his new place because I always get a great cut by him. Always looks fresh and neat. Traditional barbershop expertise and service. Go see Tony for a great cut.
5	Best place to get your hair cut and beard trimmed!! I have tried many barbers over the past couple of years and always am very happy and say I've found the "one"..... Couple days later the feelings are just ok. I happened across Tony Stark out in BFE queen creek in a tiny little shack on the side of the road. I was out there for work and had some time to kill and desperately needed a cut. Can't be that bad right? After all he is Ironman.....He asked questions gave suggestions and I walked out REALLY happy!!! I thought, give it a few days as usual and I will look elsewhere, after all he's all the way out there!!!  A week later I knew I'd make the trip again every month!!New month, new closer location!!!!WIN/WINDo yourself a favor and give him a try. You won't regret it!!
5	I followed Tony from his previous shop.  Top quality haircuts for an affordable price.  I am x-military and still like my haircut to be high and tight with skin on the sides.  Tony excellently executes haircuts while maintaining a friendly environment.  Its nice to have someone who remembers you and asks how you and your partner are doing, or how are classes going.  Very clean shop, and a nice BIG TV to watch!
5	I started going to Tony for haircuts prior to him opening his own shop. I decided to follow him to his new shop EMG because he gives excellent haircuts at a great price. He is very social and inviting which makes the experience much more pleasant. It's nice to have someone that takes pride in their work and shop.
5	A friend told me about this place so I thought I'd give it a try. Tony just moved to this location a couple weeks ago so the walls are still a little bare, but don't let that deter you. He has been in the salon/barber business his whole life, and I wish him luck on the new shop. I walked in with no appointment and was greeted and seated right away. He started out with a shampoo, then put me in the chair for a much needed cut. We had a nice conversation while he trimmed away. He even cleaned up my goatee and bushy brows, then finished up with shaving the back if my neck. Super friendly guy. I've been looking for a regular barber and I think I've found him.  I'll be taking my son in later this week. Highly recommended!
5	I live in Maricopa and recently had an opportunity to visit Tony Starks executive men's grooming and was pleasantly surprised.  I have been looking for a good barbershop, and now that I have found one I will not mind driving the extra 20 minutes to see Tony on a regular basis well worth the trip. I have never had a beard before and wasn't sure how to take care of it Tony explained everything I needed to know and more I really appreciate it.  He was very professional and down to earth. Mike C
5	Great cut, no question. Tony knows what he's doing. I went to Tony right before he opened his own shop and everyone said " best haircut, looks great", etc. including my wife. About 4 weeks later I went to sports clips and the lady was very nice but the result was not good. Wife was pissed and others actually even commented it didn't look as good as the last time. I went to Tony yesterday at his new shop and we just had a party for the4th, again, after Tony, they said it looked great and asked for the location. Seriously it's not worth going to someone other than Tony anymore. In12 years I've never had anyone including family even comment on my hair so I'll make the 20 min trek from my house instead of 5 min from work because it just looks better. I'd refer everyone to Tony. Worth the visit and you get a great look. Jonathan
5	Posting this on my wife's account just got my hair cut from "Iron man"... Lol just found  my new barber thanks for the great hair cut!
5	I've been getting my hair cut for 38 years and I can honestly say that the one I just got from Tony is the best. It's only a few dollars more than the place across the street, but at least 1 billion times better. I no longer have to roll the dice and hope that I get a "good one" at the scissor shacks...  I'm happy that I've finally found "my" barber.
5	Via Yelp we found Executive Men's Grooming by Tony Stark.  And let me say, he is a gem, an absolute gem.  He has a passion for hair and watching him cut my boyfriend's hair,I could see it.  It was beautiful, WILL DEFINITELY BE COMING BACK!
5	I love supporting small businesses, however, I will not sacrifice quality just to do so.  Tony is talented, friendly, and I would recommend him to anyone. I like being able to go to a barber shop and get an actual haircut rather than getting "the haircut."  Laid back atmosphere and I was in and out in 15 minutes.
5	Tony is great at what he does and is certainly cool in my book. Totally worth every dollar. I've had a difficult time finding a good barber in the area until I came across Tony. He took his time to understand what I wanted and exceeded my expectations.He most definitely has a long term customer in me. I would recommend him to anybody and their father. I plan on getting my young son's cuts through Tony, particularly my newborns first cut!
5	First trip to Tony today and I will definitely be going back. The man knows his business and is very personable. I told him what I was looking for and he walked me through his plan to make it happen. I was very happy with the results and he took great care of me. The price is very reasonable and his place is nice. Don't hesitate! Get in there and let the man work his magic!
5	I always get a great cut from Tony! It's really cool he has his own place now! He's a fun dude to talk to and provides great service and he keeps me looking fresh! Go see Tony for a professional cut.
5	I used to get my haircut by Tony when he worked at another place in town. When he left, they hired a guy and he f'ed my hair up real good a couple times. Luckily I found EMG on Yelp. I won't go anywhere else.
5	Just popped in to get a cut from Tony.  I'm from SoCal and the cut is just as good, if not better, than what my regular barber does.  I will definitely be back here for a cut next time I am in town.
5	Such a clean fade.  Who knew I would get such an amazing haircut from Iron Man's alter ego!  Tony is a really cool and genuine person whose barber skills are on point.  Coming from California, we are quite particular about who we let touch our heads.  Tony truly is a master of his craft!  I will now use only him for all my future cuts.  What a great find in the land of mediocre barbers.
5	Today was the second time i came to see Tony and it was the second time that i left satisfied with the level of service that he provided.  He listens to what you want and is always in a great mood.  I would recommend him to anyone as this hair cut was the best cut i have ever had and i am someone who always hates his hair cuts. Not this time; this was as close to perfect as it gets.  Next time, Ill need to get a shave.
5	I have been looking for a new barber in gilbert and came across Executive Men's Grooming. Very comfortable, clean shop. Tony is an awesome barber and I couldn't be happier with my haircut. I will be back regularly!
5	I went here yesterday after reading the reviews on here and I was not disappointed at all. Tony was amazing and did exactly what I asked for. Being a local owned business, it's what I was looking for in a barber. I'm very happy I tried this shop out and will continue to come back for my hair cuts, not to mention tell all my friends about it as well. I highly recommend it.
5	First and foremost, I am very particular with my hair and I make critical judgements with the way people cut my hair.  I must say Tony is the man!  Great attention to detail and has great advice for the look you want.  Hospitality is amazing.  I will be a regular.  Thanks Tony!
5	Tony is awesome. The best hair cut I have had here in the valley. I will be a regular. I am glad I found him, my hair is cut perfectly. He worked with me when I really had no idea what I wanted. He came up with a game plan, and I could not be happier. Had a beer while I was waiting and watched ESPN in a comfortable chair. I will be telling all my friends to go see Tony for their grooming needs.
5	Was looking for a place nearby and couldn't be happier with Tony. Fantastic haircut and great conversation, this guy is the real deal and I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5	Tony cut both my hair and my 2 1/2 year old sons fantastically! Nice atmosphere, huge TV to watch, and the best part, Tony! He was patient with my son, gave him a toy car and a cookie, and cut both our hair well even when I didn't know what kind of cut we wanted. Tony is funny but not over the top, and his prices are great for a family of four with one income. We will definitely be going back.
5	Tony is the man. I came in showed him some pictures of the cut I wanted and he nailed it!! By far the best barber I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. I don't take the time to give reviews but Tonys work shouldn't go unnoticed. If your looking for a awesome haircut check this place out!!!
5	Tony does a fantastic haircut, pays close attention to detail and its a great guy to have a chat with while you enjoy a beverage and watch some football on his big screen TV.
5	I found this place on Yelp - it's right by my house so I gave it a try.  I'm glad I did.  Tony runs a cool barber shop that is comfortable for guys.  There is a huge big screen for catching games and the atmosphere is real relaxed.  Most importantly, the haircut was very good too.I like to support local businesses when I can.  Very good service at fair prices.  I have found my barber shop - finally!
5	I went in looking homeless and unkept. I left looking so good that when I came back to work my boss offered me a substantial raise, his office and access to the company jet. When I arrived home my girlfriend instantly gave me full control of the tv remote. It was a great day.  I will be back soon!
5	Tony does a great job! Best haircut I have had is quite some time. He is a really nice and friendly guy, and his shop is really cool! Great cut, great shave, great price! I will be back for sure!
5	Tony is excellent. Raised for the profession immediately after exiting the womb. Maybe before? Talk about anything with this guy and he will have an opinion. Sports? Check. Cosmos? Check. Motorcycles? Check. Religion? Check. Don't want to talk? No problem - dude will respect you. Check. My brother is a barber but lives more than 500 miles away. I try to wait to get my bro bro's badass chop for free, but distance is an issue and I need to keep my wife's eyes on me. When my hair gets to the point where I start to question what the hell she sees in me, I go to Tony. Instant confidence boost and marriage in-tact! Check! Tony will give you whatever cut you want.  I asked him to give me a hard part (buzz the part line right into my dome). He did it perfectly. Go see Tony.
5	My husband loved it - great job and hair cut and beard trim.  He'll definitely be back!
5	Tony was very patient, meticulous and professional. He took his time and explained ways to style the hair and gave me recommendations for the next visit. The store was very clean and professional. There was a huge tv that I could watch ESPN while he cut my hair. The price was great for the cut I received. He did an excellent job,I will definitely return.
5	started going to EMG a few months ago when my regular barber took off on vacation and i haven't been back since.  Tony really wants your hair to look the way you want it to and will take  the extra time to make sure you leave happy.  does a good job on kids' hair as well.
5	Tony is excellent. I spent the last 6 months in New York and could not find a barber comparable to Tony. He also knows how to trim a beard which is a lost artform. His personality is fun and friendly. The prices are actually low in my opinion for the quality, service, and friendliness. If you have not experienced a real barber, you owe it to yourself to go.
5	I found Tony here on Yelp and I am more than pleased. I was looking for someone I could trust to give me a stellar cut on both my hair and beard. It took me 6 months to grow and I didn't want to have it messed up in just a few minutes.Tony assured me he would do my beard justice and he definitely kept his word. I've never had a regular barber before, I usually just stopped into a "cuts" or "clips" type of place. I now have a regular barber and would recommend anyone to stop for a visit.
5	I have been searching for a place that I could call my regular spot for a haircut. I've been searching months for a place that would listen to what kind of haircut I wanted and actually take the time to help me achieve that look. It's frustrating trying to find some one you trust. Each place I went to would cut my hair same as everyone else and say, " Have a nice day." And much to my dismay I would get home and have to suffer with their butchered job for the next few weeks. Sometimes having to grab scissors and a razor to fix the uneven bangs or sideburns. Personally, I prefer a male to cut my hair so I went barber vs salon. Saw this place on Yelp and was excited to try it. I recognized Tony immediately from an old barber shop I took my dad to for a Christmas gift. I found out he left to start his own place. I remembered his personality and how passionate he was for his customers but I never had the chance to get my haircut from him. The shop was well decorated for us men, Star Wars and iron man is tough to beat.  I had one customer ahead of me. He even offered me a cold soda while I waited, which no one else does that! Even though I was waiting he made an effort to include me in the conversation which I appreciated to help pass time.As for the haircut he listened to me and nailed what I was looking for. I have difficult hair that can be troublesome to style and I can be quite picky about how it's cut. Tony did a great job and took his time despite having others waiting for him to finish. He would review his work and ask for my opinion on the length and fix what seemed out of place. I also liked how he took the time to style my hair and get it just right. Tony is one of the best haircuts I've had in years. I hope this review will convince others to go check out his shop. Thank you Tony, I will be back as a return customer!
5	Tony is the real deal.I went into the shop for the first time for a cut today not entirely sure of what I wanted, and not only did Tony help me figure out what would look best for me, he did a phenomenal job when it came to the actual cut itself. He's a natural conversationalist, and you're guaranteed to have a great discussion with him on a plethora of topics as he expertly cuts and styles your hair. His professionalism and friendly demeanor are unrivaled, and it's apparent that he enjoys what he does. He even offered me a root beer! What an unexpected, yet welcomed touch. If you're looking for an affordable, high-quality, and enjoyable barber shop experience, look no further than coming into Tony's shop. You won't regret it.
5	I had a great experience today at this barbershop. I got a haircut and also got a clean shave. All the girls at my office commented on how good I looked afterwards. It was money well spent and Tony has made this place comfortable for guys to hang out even if you have to wait, although I didn't have to today.  He's got a huge flatscreen TV with SportsCenter on but also turns on some music of your choice when it's time to get that shave going. I'd recommend this place to anybody
5	When my family was next door at Bahama Buck's the other night, we saw the sign for EMG and decided that it was far past time for my son and I to get our haircuts.  It was past closing time already, so we made a plan to come back.  Looking first on Yelp, I was excited to see so many 5 star reviews of a local business!  So my son and I headed over there this morning.  When we got there, we were immediately greeted by Tony, who invited my son to sit in front of the huge TV and relax while he started on my haircut, and put on one of his favorite movies - Back To The Future.  Coming from many haircuts at various different "****Clips" kind of places, neither of us knew exactly what to expect.  I gave Tony some thoughts about what I'd like the final product to look like, but then gave him free reign to do whatever he thought would look best for my face shape and hair type.  I'm getting ready to start a new role in my company, and am going to be shifting to overnights, so I need a hairstyle that can be easily replicated when I'm dead tired and getting ready for work.  :)  Tony worked his magic on my hair, and gave me a great cut, but also explained why he chose to cut the hair this way, and how it would extend the time the cut would look good between cuts, thereby saving me even more money!  Who does that nowadays?!  He was friendly, engaging, and an expert with a pair of shears.  He even gave the back of my neck a quick wet shave to get rid of the little stubble left behind by the clippers! My son, who is very picky about his hair, also came out with "the best haircut of [his] life" according to him!   Sadly, my new job is also coming with a relocation to Dallas TX...wishing we had known about Tony sooner...but I might just have to pop in one last time before the final move for a touch up before I go.  The best part was when I went to check out - I hadn't bothered asking how much the cut was, but had a figure in my head...his prices are extremely reasonable for the service and atmosphere that you get, and I ended up paying less than we normally pay at the other chains!  Don't hesitate to go meet Tony - you will not be disappointed!
5	After coming here just once I completely get why Tony has so many great reviews. Attention to customer service and pride in what you do goes a very long way. Tony was charming, beard trim looked great, and it's always s good thing supporting small local business.
5	Can't really say much that hasn't been mentioned. Clean shop, reasonable prices and Tony is great. Aside from good conversation, he provides great hair cutting. He's been doing this for a long time and you can tell.
5	So the owners name is Tony Stark, how cool is that? He might not be the Iron Man Marvel fans have grown to love in comic books and the big screen, but he is a super hero in his own right. He is fighting the good fight, and he does a damn good job. I'm sure you've been to barbers where it seems like they are there to cut as many heads as they can and rush you in and out the door. Executive Men's Grooming sets the bar to a whole new level. As you walk-in with your shaggy hair you'll be greeted with an ice-cold beer to sip on while you wait to get your hair cut. Tony is a rare breed, let me explain why. He's got passion, and you can see it as soon you walk in, and when you're done and you check out the haircut you, will understand why Tony is the best at what he does. It will become even more apparent when you go out that night and get complements from all the hommies.Do your self a favor and get your shaggy butt to EMG, you and your hair deserve it.
4	My hubby and I were visiting family in Arizona over the Halloween weekend. He decided to treat himself to a haircut (head shave) and we found this place on Yelp...the reviews were too good to pass up. After a little difficulty finding the shop because of the lack of signage, we rolled into the shop and were greeted by a very friendly Tony. He was enthusiastic and friendly and welcomed us in. Carlos gave an awesome haircut and clean up for a pretty good price ($16). The shop was cozy, clean and guy friendly (game station, sports memorabilia, car bench seats). My only star subtraction is because Tony was a little too chatty...very chatty. He was talking about what to have for lunch, what "diet" Carlos was on, how he slept on the couch when he was in the dog house with his wife...and on and on and on. The biggest mistake he made was when he asked us where we from and we said Los Angeles, he changed his demeanor immediately. He even ("jokingly") stated that he didn't need to bother talking us up anymore since we were out of towners...did I mention that we were visiting family, potential clients? Not to mention that we visit more than once a year, meaning we could have been 2-3 times a year clients. As a business owner, I would think you would use any and all opportunities to create new customers who will then use word of mouth to create even more customers. Carlos was the saving grace for our experience and I hope that Tony realizes that every body that walks into his shop is a potential for more customers.
5	Came across this place on yelp, desperately needed a new place to get a haircut so I thought I'd give it a try. Glad I did! Showed Tony a picture of the haircut I wanted and he explained how my hair wasn't quite ready to look like that but he would cut it and we could achieve the look within a couple of visits. He went right to work on my hair and in no time I had a clean line up and great hair cut! You can tell he really knows what he's doing. Nice guy and best haircut I've gotten in the valley in the 5 years I've lived here! Honestly have never had so many compliments on a haircut before! I have found my new barber!
5	I searched around online for someone that could trim up my BEARD - I had been growing it out for about 5 months at the time and needed a trim to get it cleaned up. My haircut is pretty simple but I needed a BEARD TRIM and saw some reviews about Tony so I decided to give it a shot. Tony is very welcoming and makes it point to show his appreciation for your business. I have been to him 3 times now (once a month) and every time is a great experience. I have recommended him to many friends and family - Nice waiting area - offers you a drink while you wait - nice big TV and good conversation - Go give him a shot you won't regret it!
5	Finding a good place to get your hair cut is a daunting task, much more so when you're in town for work and need to look good for an important meeting.  I chose Executive Men's Grooming based on Yelp reviews and drove about 35 minutes to get there.  From the outside, it looks like just another barber shop in a strip mall.  When I walked in, however, I knew I had made a great choice.As I walked in, I was enthusiastically greeted by Tony.  I sat down to wait, as both Tony and the other barber were working on customers.  Several TVs had sports channels on, and the barbers were engaged in friendly banter and joking with the customers, including myself.  The customers left excellent tips, and you could tell their patronage was truly appreciated by Tony, and everyone left with a handshake.When it was my turn, Tony took several minutes to discuss with me what I wanted and how I liked my hair.  He then proceeded to give me one of the best haircuts of my life, all the while maintaining a pleasant and entertaining conversation with me and the other patrons.  Every time someone walked in, they were greeted, and I was impressed that the majority seemed to be on a first name basis with Tony.To recap:  I got a great haircut, had the most fun I've ever had getting a haircut, and became friends with Tony.  Just wish I lived here.  Tony, when are you moving to Sacramento?
5	Iron-man for sure. Thanks Tony for an amazing job and dealing with a difficult customer. My husband finally found his Barber! Truly an amazing cut and experience. Great location and shop.  You rock in the Mohawk dept.
5	Been meaning to write a review since my last haircut here, long overdue because it was just a great haircut and a cool guy to get my haircut from. Great to support a local business and am looking forward to my next cut. Definitely worth checking out!
5	What other lady can say she so enjoys going to the barber with her man? This lady! Awesome atmosphere and always leaves my man looking sexy !
5	I have tried several places and they all messed up my hair. Tony knows what he is doing, perfect job, great personality. He knows his stuff!!! Highly recommend him to any guy for any cut.
5	I took my seven-year-old son here, it was his only second haircut since going to a child oriented place since he was under two years old. My boy has a ton of hair, and I didn't know exactly how to explain what a good haircut looks like on him, because it had been so long since his last good haircut. But Tony totally got it and I am very happy with the cut. My son is good at sitting still, but I think Tony really made him feel at ease and I wouldn't hesitate to send any young boy there for a big-boy haircut.
5	I never had a professional shave before and wow what an experience. He took great care to make sure I was comfortable. I enjoyed the whole proses from the hot towels to the aftershave at the end. I have very course hair and sensitive skin under my chin however It was the best shave I have ever had. I will be back! I also got a hair cut and it was perfect!
5	Decided to check out this place based on Yelp reviews and seeing it every time I visit Thai Bistro (awesome Thai food btw). I can tell you for sure that this place is not like your typical barber shop, boring old men cutting hair with Christmas music in the background.  This place is the exact opposite!. Tony is a very genuine barber that comes from a century long family of barbers. He greets every single person that came in and still was able to delivery an awesome haircut. He actually gave me a finishing fade that no other places can do easily with my asian  hair...  If you want an awesome experience and a great haircut / Beard trim this is THE PLACE TO GO!!. They have me as a customer as long as that place stays open!  The price is very fair as well so you really can't go wrong.
5	This place is genuine. I moved to Phoenix AZ recently and tried many barbershops , some of them are ok some of them are good, but Tony is different, he loves what hes doing and each time i cut my hair am super satisfied :)
5	Tony is super friendly, professional, and does a phenomenal job with haircuts and beard trims! Both my husband and son look forward to getting their biweekly haircuts from Tony. I highly recommend Executive Men's Grooming. This is the type of service I would imagine you would get from a old time barber.
