5	This place rocks! If you want to chat a bit get there before 9pm...after that it starts to fill...and the dance floor starts to shake. Can't beat the $4 shots! Wait $4 for a shot?? Well these shots are a bunch of shots all in on BIG glass. Most drinks come with 3 shots some with five. Even the names are exciting like The Pornstar, The Purple Gatorade (UV Blue, Blue Curacao, Sweet and Sour, sprite, and Red Bull) and The Vegas. They get served like a shot or with some extra ice and some extra pucker or sweet n sour for a big drink! Tasty is the word, and a bit of a punch is the after. Don't like sweet, Jack Daniels can be your friend as well as a slew of vodka beverages. Lyndsey or Lance know how to make them all. There are even rumors of the occasional bar top dance.The music has a beat and the video mixing is killer. There's even a special area for VIPs that has preemo bottle service. Oh and the place is open in the afternoons for a cold one, oh yeah.... and there is beer for those of you who may not like the harder stuff. And TVs to watch a few sports.Pretty sure I will be back ...
1	This bar is terrible in all ways possible.Bar: Overcrowded and overpriced. You will wait/push/shove/yell for at least 5 to 10 minutes to get any drink.Inside: Crowded to the point where you have to manhandle the other patrons to get anywhere. The dance floor is the size of a civic hatchback. Outside: The patio is tiny and always overcrowded just like the inside.People: 21 - 25ish all tattoo artists (ie chronically unemployable) and they all know each other. The patrons of this bar think that trying to "act hard" and draw pictures on peoples' arms is a productive venture.Chilly Bombers is the culmination of bad design, bad service and useless people all mixed together.
2	This establishment is way to small to be the dance club that Chilly Bombers strives to be.  You either have to bully your way, or be some sort of contortionist, in order to make your way through the crowd.  Getting a drink is a challenge, the patio is cramped, and by the time you get to the restroom and back the night is nearly over.Between the cramped size of the location and some of the questionable clientele - Chilly Bombers is the perfect environment for a full on brawl to ensue at any moment.  That is evident by the constant presence of Phoenix Police standing right outside.With all that said - I've had some good times there, but it's never been my first choice to hang out on a weekend.
3	Hmmm I have not had the displeasure of dance night at the Chilly, I guess. I came here to meet some friends I haven't seen in a while and ended up having quite a good time on poker night. It was crowded but I never had a hard time getting a drink. Mostly regulars, I would guess, and I thought everyone was pretty cool that I played with. Can't complain, but can't rave, either...
1	i haven't been here in ages, but i'm sure much hasn't changed.  whoever said that they are over-priced must be from somewhere else because there prices are definitely low to average.  which is why there hasn't been a single incident when i haven't witnessed a bunch of over-served d-bags.  it takes a LOT for a bar to make me feel uncomfortable, but this one succeeded.  there are some great people that hang out there, but there are enough shady ones that it's just not worth it.  there are too many other dive bars in the area to ever go back here.
1	This Place sucks.I'm 25. And back when I was a newly 21yr old I use to come here and get annihilated. Look let me be honest. This place is GREAT if your 20-21 and want to pick up a drunk SLUT. And when I say slut...i mean dirty slut. During the day this place is like a ghost town. Only at night is when the activity picks up, usually only Friday and Saturday nights.The owner or head manager now, use to be the manager/owner (not sure which he is) at another crap hole, Casey Jones. Which isn't too far away.Anyway I digress....He is is douche. Racist guy. Kicked out my black friend one night because his pants were "baggy" and they were skin tight compared to the types that frequent in here.To sum this place up, you might get stabbed, hit with a bottle or catch a std just by entering into this closet.
2	Came here with a group of 20 after they had their poker night. Everything on their menu was fried, fried, and more fried.  Not one healthy item!And I was a bit afraid to drink the water they served me cause I wasn't  sure if the cup was clean since quite a few of the plates the waitress brought out for the appetizers were dirty.The upside was the waitress was friendly and the company I was with was fun.Def would not come here on my own or be one of my choices if I was the organizer!
1	This bar sucks. Its small bar that wishes it was a night club. It's full of dumb douche bag types who think they are in Scottsdale or something.  I feel like I need to hit people when I go there. The staff sucks an they are FULL of drama and would much rather be busy with their friend and drama that serving drinks to people that actually pay! I only recommend this bar to white kids with no money but think they are rich.
3	I dropped a few weeks ago, early on a Saturday evening and split prior to the place going all W/S disco (WESSSIDE!). The place certainly lacks charm, to say the least. You can tell that the daytime hours are just filler before the meat market, ho's/bro's auction begins. What I can say is that the food was surprisingly good. Just the typical bar fare but everything was super tasty; burgers, fries, mozzarella sticks, wings etc. were all great. They have no beer on tap but a decent selection of domestic, micro and import bottles. The service was very good as well. Can't say I'll be rushing to return, but I'd meet up for lunch at someones request just for the food.
2	Had enough beer to think this was one of those hip, retro bars.Platinum blonde indie girl spinning old-school gangster rap from 20 years ago...IRONICALLY. It's cool because you're superficial and don't expect her to play that. Bunch of guys repping Extreme Sports fashion like Monster Energy caps with their Ed Hardy shirts...IRONICALLY. It's cool because no one seriously wears that anymore, and it's a great throwback to simpler times. Not much for pastafarianism, I tried chilling out with my modern, 2010s clothes and music taste. Didn't fit in. But fear not! Chilly Bombers has some redeeming aesthetics. Like...the pretty lights (so bright!). Or the huge (and unfortunately vacant) dance floor. When I closed my eyes just long enough to stop the spinning, I envisioned how much cooler this bar could be if it tried to be a little more dive-y, and a little less of a refuge for people too broke or afraid of Hurricane Bay*. *I can't believe I just used HB as a favorable alternative to something.
1	Awfull, chicken undercooked, bartender a got order messed up, there were 6 people in the place total, awful experience
3	Service was good.  Our bartender was friendly.  Overall it's a nice place to drink in the middle of the afternoon. The bathroom was clean and smelled nice.
5	I'm going to rate their Saturday night.We went in around 830 to grab some food and drinks.At 9 the DJ booth turned on (which was unfortunately right next to our table) and blinded us with neon lights.The food came out really fast, but it was really good. We all got hamburgers variations (cheeseburger, double cheeseburger, etc.) with fries and it was all pretty fantastic for bar food. In fact, I would probably come back in the daylight hours to try some other items off of their (somewhat limited) menu.Then at 930/10 the DJ started spinning this weird mix of 90s music. I can only assume that Saturday nights are 90s nights and that is the reason behind it, because there's no other explanation.I would recommend this bar for a girl's night, boys night, date night where you want to dance (though you might be the only ones dancing out there... at least that was how it was for me and my friend)
3	This is a Browns backer bar and closest to our home.  The bartendar, Leanne is fantastic!  What a sweetheart and on her toes!  The medium wings are awesome, didn't care for the onion rings and the basket of fries is huge and yummy!  On a plus, they serve Coke products.  The group that comes in to watch the Browns games are a great bunch.  On a Sunday afternoon, the crowd is mostly 30+ and everyone is friendly, regardless of what team they are there to see.  Drink specials and food specials are great prices.  Friday & Saturday nights is 21-25 year olds.
1	Terrible bar to go have drinks at. It's about the size of my living room and they let more people in than the fire department allows. There is always some kind of fight here.if this place closed down it would be the best thing that ever happened to the area.
