5	Awesome place!!! Can't wait to go back!
5	Love the service here. I go to see Travis almost every weekend for my hole-in-the-glass mimosas and I've tried almost everything on the breakfast menu.
4	We enjoyed the barbecue and atmosphere at this place. Husband got the pulled pork w/ coleslaw sandwich and I got the brisket platter. His sandwich was too big and messy to pick up right away but it was tasty. My plate had tons of brisket which I only like 1/3 of it. I also had the cheesy grits and coleslaw. All was tasty. I liked the atmosphere b/c it was laid back. Half of the crowd had small kids but the music, tv and noise level was perfect so that the kids can be themselves and loud w/o bothering others.
2	A buddy and I came here for lunch after a weekend project.  I ordered the signature hammered hog sandwich with the macaroni and cheese.  The pork on the sandwich was dry and a little tough.  There are only 2 barbecue sauces to choose from and I wasn't particularly impressed with either. The sandwich had a ranch slaw that was OK and the bun was grilled. Unfortunately I had to disassemble the whole thing to put sauce on the meat and by the time I was done trying to reconstruct it, it was a soggy mess. The macaroni and cheese was home made but not especially good.   The waitress left me with an empty glass of Dr. Pepper for quite a while and it took a longer than I would have liked to get our check taken care of.Overall I'd say mediocre service and mediocre food.
5	Good BBQ nice staff enjoyed hope to try more stuff pulled pork was good  the place is clean & ever thing is new
4	I'm not a big BBQ fan but willing to try it to see if I can develop a taste for it .... This place was pretty dang good in my opinion .. All the meat was tender , not dry like some I've tried... I usually don't like BBQ sauce so even if you don't dip it in sauce it's still good . Not dry or flavorless. ALL the sides were good , couldn't stop nibbling at everything. Cool divey kinda bikerish atmosphere (which we love) .. And there's even a bar ;)
3	I got the family platter to-go,everything was room temp when I got home.i know it's to go but I live 1 mile away so I figure it would stay hot.not a fan of microwaving the food I just brought home.dont get me wrong the ribs were alright and the pulled pork was decent.but I would not suggest getting take out
5	We've been here a few times but have never had the ribs until this visit. WOW ! Unbelievably awesome. I've had a lot of ribs from other places and these were some of the best I've had. Really enjoyed the smokehouse habanero sauce. Well done, Hammered Hog !
1	This place is terrible. We were not greeted upon entrance. They still had the Friday special on the board, when it was Sunday night. We ordered the platter with choice of 3 meats only to discover 3 bland flavorless meats. The chicken and pork seemed to taste as if someone rubbed them in an ashtray upon serving. If it weren't for the BBQ sauces available to drench them in, I do not believe I would have even bothered to swallow them. Cornbread is nothi9ng special/ French fries are crinkle cut, nothing special. Can't complain about the beer because we ordered Coors light bottles. Do not go here ever. Tell your friends to get a tub of Lloyd's at the super market. This is not BBQ.
3	I had the oppertunity to try this establishment out last week, I wasn't out looking for it. I was just in the area, and it was there! This is a place I would like to try again, I had their Hammered Hog sandwich w/fries. This sandwich consist of 1/2 pound of pulled pork, served Carolina-style with creamy bleu cheese cole slaw on top. Even though this is their hallmark sandwich, glad I tried it, and it was OK, I will not eat it again. However, there are a lot of other items I would like to sink my teeth into! Not sure if this place is a Bar that sells food, or a restaurant that sells beer? Place is a little dark, has a bar with TV, with a dining room.When I come back for a second time, I will follow up with second review!
3	The ribs are the reason to come to this place. The potato skins were okay, but had spent a bit too long in the freezer. Service is friendly. Ambiance dominated by televisions playing Fox News, which I detest. Lots of room.
5	Honestly the smokiest most tender bbq I've ever had. I ordered the family plate with a roommate of mine ... Got to try everything. . As I write this we are still eating and it's been 45 minutes since food arrived . A perfect place where you come for food , not atmosphere
5	First time ever eating here ... taco tuesday for 1$ you get mini street BBQ tacos... awesome !! Will be back to try other menu items
5	Free breakfast on the weekends!! But u have to buy a cup of coffee... (2 eggs,bacon,hash browns,and toast( nothing fancy) Lol.  The breakfast burrito is the best.. Order it with extra links!!!! And a shot of crown royal.  LolThere peach cobbler with ice cream.. The best in town !!! The ribs are good,the hamburgers are still the tastiest I've had.. Very moist,juicy!!! There onion rings !!!!! Mmmmmmmmm  Go there.. And check it out.
5	My favorite ribs in town.Free breakfast on the weekends, awesome service.What else can you ask for? : )
5	Awesome place. Love the ribs and the coleslaw. Also they have they great selection of beers on tap. The owner is there to make sure you have a great time. Highly recommend for all sporting events. They have big screen tv's on every space. Awesome. Will be great for super bowl. Cannot wait.
5	Bloody mary's were great food was awesome.  Dave and Roxanne ate great people.
5	Great food and service! Would highly recommend. Had the pulled pork sandwich. Tried friends brisket, ribs and all were tender and tasty.
4	There are a few very good bbq places in the area that this place has to contend with and it holds its own. Ordered the hammered hog signature sandwhich and it was good, i added quite a bit of habanero bbq sauce to it to spice it up and i couldnt quite get the blue cheese taste in the cole slaw but no complaints. Hush puppies were good and seemed fresh. Excellent beer list on tap! Service was fast and friendly around dinner time friday.
5	Awesome BBQ/food clean bright and plenty if TV's! Great deals on HH senior's and breakfast on the weekends :)
5	Tried the Poppin' Mary today. Yum yum. Super busy for to football season. Great service, free breakfast... Do I need to say more? : )
1	We (3 of us) went here on a Sunday morning for breakfast to this seat-your-self bar/restaurant.  We sat for 15 minutes without any staff member acknowledgement and left to go to Denny's!  One waitress carried a chair across the room and placed it at the table next to us, turned her back, and walked away!  We did go here a few weeks ago and had terrible service for a table of 6.  Expect to flag down wait staff to force them to take food & drink orders.  Our previous breakfast was good, but who cares if the service is completely terrible!
4	Some of the best BBQ I've had in the valley. The smoke on the ribs was great and there was incredible flavor in their hot links. Great environment, friendly staff and good prices.
5	We went there again last night and had the brisket sandwich which is called the Texan. Very good. A must try. Great Service and love the drinks too.
