2	As far as airport parking goes, not that good.  Prices are not special, and service wasn't great.  If you end up parking here, make sure that you get a card from the driver when you get picked up from you car so that you remember whether you are in the "Washington" or "Van Buren" lots when you get home.  A couple of issues:1) The driver did not give us the little "business card" with your lot number, spot number, and phone number of the parking lot, when we first parked.2) When we were picked up from the airport, they had to turn people away at the terminal because the shuttle was full...3) Instead of numbering the spots, they make people yell out their row and make/model of car so the driver can find your car.  Most other parking lots have space numbers and the driver just takes you there...
5	08/18/11I initially reserved an uncovered spot at a discounted daily rate of $7.15 (reg. rate $8.95) online for this location, but then spotted a special daily rate of $6.40 at the Washington location, so I reserved a spot over there.  I called to let this location know that I didn't need the reservation anymore, but was told that I needn't have made one in the first place since there were many available spots.  Rushing to make the flight on time, I typed in the wrong address into my GPS after my companion handed me the wrong sheet of paper w/ the parking info on it.  I asked the attendant if this location would honor the other location's rate, and he said yes.  (FastTrack will soon be known as The Parking Spot, as well.)  Sure enough, when it came time to pay, after we arrived from our vacation, the new attendant honored the coupon, bringing the total for six days' parking to $38.40.  But that's not the best part!  Before the attendant lifted the gate to let us through, he asked if we'd like some water.  Why, yes, and thank you!  (I really wasn't looking forward to being thirsty for the next 21 miles.)
5	Been using this lot for several years now for work travel and personal travel.  I *really* like the following:- easy to get in and out, esp if you have your employer's Executive card (you rack up points for stays)- $8.95/day uncovered ($2 extra for covered)- drivers and gate staff have always been friendly, genuine and customer-service oriented- spot is safe and close to the airport for a quick shuttle ride even if you're running late- point redemption is easy if you have an Executive card and an online account- free USA Today and cold water bottle on entry & exit- driver always gives you a reminder card for where you parked your car (life saver!!) and he drops you off exactly at your car, not at some convenient middle spot.I doubt I'll take my business anywhere else when they've consistently been courteous, quick, friendly, accommodating, and affordable.
5	We park here everytime we travel.  The shuttles are right at the car when we get out, they help with the luggage, and take us right to the terminal.  The pickup is great to - maybe a 5 min wait at most.  Cheaper than airport parking & better service.
