4	Best Mexican restaurant I'be been to in Montreal so far. They have food that tastes almost like it does in Mexico. Good and fast service and it was pretty packed. Its prices are OK for Montreal and they sell all kinds of Mexican candy, salsas, chips and other stuff from Mexico.
4	I stumbled into this place one evening as I was wandering Jean Talon on a quite empty stomach.  Two empty stomachs entered, two very satisfied and full stomachs walked out that night.  We each ordered the chili con carne taco bowl, and we both thought it was very good.  The chili con carne actually had steak strips in it, and was seasoned well.  The taco bowl was crunchy and big enough to hold all of the veggies that were piled in. Served with rice, all for about 8$ Tidbits:++ Chips and two awesome, authentic salsas arrived immediately after we ordered+ Pitcher of water *  Plastic rubbermaid style plates and water pitcher -- not the most beautiful set, but effective-- Disposable cups (BOOO)All in all:  authentic, delicious and filling food.
4	On the north side of Jean Talon with entrances from both Place du Marche and Jean Talon, El Rey del Taco is definitely the best place I've found in the area for Mexican. The pork tacos are spicy and delicious, the mixed meat plate is a yummy mountain, piled with steak, sausage, pork, rice, spicy meat sauce, sour cream and more. The nachos are tasty but at 15$ they are overpriced and out of synch with the rest of the pricing on the menu. The staff are super funny and nice and they have a sign up declaring their intention to be a business with happy customers that's a great place to work (a-dorable.) El Rey is too brightly lit for me to love eating-in here for dinner so we usually do takeout, although as an afternoon stop during market shopping it's excellent. The resto doubles as a specialty shop full of Mexican products - foods, shampoos and other imported brands. They also sell homemade salsa and guacamole from a fridge in the back - the verde is insanely firey and delicious.
5	After trips to Mexico , i was looking for a real mexican treat , glad I found el rey ! Fresh, authentic and  sooooo tasty !
4	This is a very nice place to grab some nice authentic food. They have a pretty friendly staff. I enjoy making a stop at this place before I shop around the market. If I forget to eat before I do my shopping I end up with $50 worth of stuff I certainly don't need. :P
4	Yum.  Great place to grab something "different," from your typical farmers market (i.e. gourmet/speciality foods, fruits, meats & cheeses).  No frills dinning indoors or alfresco.  Fast made to order food for takeout or dine-in.
3	We went here after the awesome Yelp Spring Fling, and had a sampling of a number of menu items. The "ambience", if one can use that term here, was part taco joint, part Mexican food store, and part Mexico City bus station replete with a tv showing telenovelas. We were dying for tequila or at least a nice cerveza, but alas, no liquor licence. However, they do have some "drink if you dare" Mexican sodas, which contain twice the legal limit of sugar and food coloring of normal soda (which I generally don't drink anyway, unless it's mixed with something). Don't expect too much in any regard here. They do tacos, fairly well, and that's what I'd recommend ordering here, although something possessed me to order the tamales too (more on that in a sec). We started off with guacamole. Having lived a good 10 years in Texas, and traveled a lot to Mexico for work, it was, well, really odd. They mix iceberg lettuce and tomato in with the avocado, and there's nary a hint of garlic or lime. The result is a bit gloopy and fairly unpleasant, especially if you're expecting a beautifully dense unctuous avocado forward, garlic, lime, salt, and cilantro based dip. Oh well. The tortilla chips though, which seemed homemade, were light and crisp, and we even bought a bag to take home. The salsas were equally good, with the tomato based one being the standout. The tomato salsa was served warm, and had bay leaf and celery in it - a flavor combo I've never had in Mexico, but one which really worked. We also bought some salsa to take home. We had beef tacos and tacos al pastor. The beef tacos were pretty good, but too much char on the meat, and the overall flavor was bland. The tacos al pastor were just as they should have been though, nicely cooked meat and great tang from the pineapple. Big marks also for serving everything with soft corn tortillas. The tamales though were pretty bad. I am a big tamale fan. These were mealy and dry, and the filling was cloyingly sweet and unpleasant. This place does tacos, and they do them pretty well. I'd come back for the tacos al pastor and chips and salsa, and the telenovelas of course. Hasta pronto.
2	So strange and disappointing. After reading such great reviews, we were super excited to try this place. I had high hopes because I don't mind if places aren't really fancy. Things started off well enough. The guacamole was tasty but came with maybe 12 nacho chips... Our meals came and maybe it was just a bad night but our meals were really salty. Also the tamales arrived about 5 minutes or more before our daughter's quesadilla so we just sat there waiting. We never got water either, and my hopes that this was going to be a cheap, tasty night out were dashed with a $50 bill. We'll give it another shot but might just stay away from the tamales and guacamole. I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt that it was just an off night.
5	Absolutely Delicious! And authentic. Simplicity. Did I say delicious?
5	My first Mexican experience was tacos made by my mommy when my tastes buds were just developing as i go older I had the chichi's experience and after eating stale food served by non Mexicans my outlook on Mexican food wasn't that great ..after exploring and hanging out with my friends i tried the three amigos experience, after inducing vomiting and a week of sitting on the thrown getting very close to the charmen, i was set to never eat Mexican again ... but then i came across this joint and instantly made a friend with Chef Jarvier Munoz (Mexican) and his wonderful family who brings out piping hot authentic Mexican food . the meal are beyond good the explosion of flavors go off the moment walk in the door the aromas are so thick you can taste them in the air and once that plate hit the table and the wave of freshness wheels you closer to the place the intoxication makes your belly rubble with great intensity . i suggest you fast for 5 days drink nothing but water and head directly to the market and check this guy out he will not let you down
4	The food is good!! I must admit they make good tacos but they are not great! The service is good as well.
5	I lived in the U.S. in teh great south west where there were many many first generation Mexicanos.  This place is good by any standard.  Home made salsas and tacos that are a little unusual to get outside of Mexico such as taco di cabesa and taco di lingua.  Only minus was I think they don't make their own tortillas.
4	Typique restaurant mexicain sans flafla! Miam!
4	Spring is finally upon us in Montreal which means my regular excursions to Jean Talon Market are occurring once more. Outside of the wonderful produce available to us at the market, there are some very interested options for anyone looking for a good meal. One of these is El Rey del Taco, a Mexican grocery store with a terrasse space overlooking the market and dishing out some south american food. With the recent rise of tacos in the city with Grumman 78, Icehouse and Mais amongst others, El Rey del Taco can get overlooked as a worthwhile option but I am here to tell you that would be a disservice.Over the last month, I went for a quick lunch twice. As soon as you sit down, you are greeted with complementary tortilla chips with 3 different salsas, one mild, one spicy and one salsa verde. All 3 are enjoyable - the salsa verde in particular packs a pretty good punch.To cool down from the heat, I ordered a glass of horchata. For the uninitiated, horchata is a rice based beverage which I absolutely love. Nice hints of vanilla and cinnamon within this cold drink. Great refreshing beverage to balance nicely the heat of the dishes. One of my favorite summer non-alcoholic drinks.First up, I ordered the cheese quesadilla with guacamole. The guacamole has a nice thick consistency with the right hints of coriander, lime and tomato with the avocado. The quesadilla was quite good as well. The tortillas had the right crispness to them on the outside without becoming too brittle in general. The cheese in the middle was perfectly melted and had the right tang to it.As a main, I chose to go with the chorizo tacos. The chorizo was broken down and cooked perfectly well with the natural spiciness of the sausage coming out very well. The little sauce added to the mix further enhanced that flavor. Topped with some coriander and onion to add some freshness and sweetness, these were very nice balanced tacos.On the second visit, I went for the lamb tacos. In contrast to the spicy chorizo, the lamb was mild in flavor but had a more tender consistency and a much fattier taste as well. Topped with the same onions and coriander as the previous tacos, these tacos were quite tasty as well. I could have easily eaten the lamb by itself as a meal. Juicy, tender and falls apart without any effort. Just a wonderful cooking job there.El Rey del Taco is a great option for anyone looking for a good taqueria in Montreal. Service is a little up and down but the price is reasonable and the quantity are plentiful. If you come to Jean Talon Market with any regularity, you need to stop by at least one and enjoy a good meal.Cheers!
4	The King of Tacos doesn't look like much, but the food is great! In fact, when I have been, the place was stuffed from the front to the back terrasse. The poor waitress was everywhere at once! A popular dosh is a bowl made of tacos, and filled with basically everything in the kitchen: veggies, meats, guacamole etc..etc.. I had the cactus salad, it was good, it tasted unlike anything I knew, but needs more cactus!  The huarache is pretty tasty as well, but I'd steer clear of the quesadillas, not enough cheese (to my taste). The guacamole always tends to be cold. odd. Regardless, any dish will plaster your stomach for the day.Go crazy with the desserts, fried coconut donuts, massive churros, snacks on sale by the cashier's desk.. Aaall delicious. In fact, go crazy with everything, El Rey let's you buy guacamole by the gallon, multicoloured nachos, cacti (oh yeah!) and more (like lucha libre masks), while watching mexican Tv. We have a winner!
4	Stopped in for a late lunch today and really enjoyed it!Very busy spot, service is brisk, not overly polite but fine.Complimentary chips and salsas to start - ole!I enjoyed the chicken tamales, smothered in salsa verde with a side of rice and beans - so freaking tasty!!My main squeeze ordered shredded pork tamales and I can attest - they were awesome!!Great place to enjoy a tasty bite near the Jean Talon market!!
4	I was really glad to discover this restaurant while browsing in the lovely Jean Talon market on a lazy saturday morning. The restaurant is on the north side of the market, just across the street.There were four of us and the restaurant wasn't quite busy. So we sat at a table by the street and the friendly waitress went over the menu. It was a nice break from French and I struggled to revive my Spanish.We got four different dishes, I ordered the plate of the day (see picture) and it did remind me of eating at roadside comida corridas in Mexico city. A mix of three meats (pork, chicken, beef), sauteed vegetables, salad, beans, rice and assorted tortilla chips with mild, medium and spicy salsa. We washed it down with a glass of agua jamaica.I'd certainly recommend eating here. :-)
4	Great place, full of mexicain flavors, ver authentic.I had a great time here, and the bill is not very expensive. There are definitely more "high end" tacos places in Montreal, but ElRey Del Taco will suit your purist needs.
5	Hands down the best Mexican place North of the border. Its a hole-in-the-wall meets Mexican Grocery meets awesome food. If you are lookin for a place with good decor, you will be disappointed.  But what this place promises is some great food.  Also very light on your wallet. Conveniently located just outside Jean Talon market. Service is friendly. Most of the servers are fluent in Spanish / French & English. Except the one at the cash register.       If you are a group of 4 or more, I'd recommend Tacos by the kilo.   40 bucks for chicken / beef / fish/ sausage tacos. You can try half and half for 50 bucks. Still cheaper than ordering individual dishes.     Their  Tamales are great too.  Free nachos and sauce. 3 diffrent types of sauces. Also you can buy these sauces and almost everything else at their grocery store. So : Food - GreatService - FreindlyAmbience - MehWorth the money - Awww Yeeaaahh
4	Dropped by when we came to the jean talon market. This is a really special restaurant. It got a small grocery shop section where you could buy some salsa and stuffs. this place has a authentic Mexican feel. Their food is good too! I got the lamb taco, and it was great! Also the churro was large and tasty too. Furthermore, their prices are fair. Most of their dishes cost under $10. I will definitely come back for more!
5	Fantastic food. My wife and I have tried just about everything on the menu and we have never been disappointed. The service is quick and friendly. There is also a large variety of grocery items you can purchase as well as fresh salsas and other sauces. We come as often as we can and travel all the way from ile perrot.
5	Excellent food. Wasn't able to stop eating. Never had such an authentic Mexican  food ever in my life. Not to be missed at all
4	El Rey Del Taco is a true Mexican restaurant that would make any gringo or amigo happy!  I came by here by chance because my usual Mexican Bottega was shut down for Victoria Day and I was in a hankering for some salsa.  Sooooo I picked up some of their guacamole and a pico de gallo.  Pricing was a bit on the higher side compared to my regular place Tortilleria Maya but hey "change is good"!  The PDG I picked up was the mild variety nice and fresh and lots of flavour!  The guac was awesome.  A bit salty but had some great big chunks of avocado with tomato and onion plus cilantro.   As I was waiting in line to pay my mouth was watering watching them bring out delicious looking plate after plate of what looked to be amazing authentic looking Mexican food.  Although I came here for salsa, I'm coming back for the real experience!More to come after I get to try a real deal meal!
3	Based on the food alone this is a four star place; however, I have subtracted a star for poor service from the staff. I went with a group and we had orders that were not correct when they arrived. The waitor acted very annoyed and pissy. Would have been nice if he confirmed the orders before leaving and not coming back for several minutes. The coffee service was less than desirable as well. All that said the food when it did come was fantastically delicious.  I hope to fo back and find the service has improved, but we shall see.
4	I love this place! The food is good and the menu is varied. It reminds me of some of the more casual restaurants in the Mission in San Francisco. The fish tacos are good and the portions are decent without being overly large . As a plus they sell items as a grocery store too.
5	I was visiting Montreal & decided to yelp some restaurants near the Jean Talon Market for my friends and I to go to. As soon as I read that there was a Mexican spot (being Mexican myself) so close by, I convinced them to dine here. Let me say that I've been to plenty of Mexican restaurants in New York, & no place in the 5 boroughs has food as flavorful & authentic as Rey del Taco (I'm extremely picky about Mexican food). This place is a total gem in my book! The four of us tried a little of each other's plates: gringas, sopes, Plato del dia, & a quesadilla de pollo. All of these items did not disappoint, and the meat-- especially the Pastor-- was AMAZING. Can't wait for my next visit to Canada & el Rey del Taco!
4	I don't think I've had a better taco salad (you know the one with the crispy tortilla shell) ever in my life. Obviously, a taco salad is representative of authentic mexican, but it still warms that spot in my heart where Tex-Mex should be. It's worth it and they deliver to certain parts of the Plateau/Mile End/Little Italy.
5	I am such a happy camper! This place was amazing! Their tortilla chips are so colourful and yummy, and their salsas were so tasty I bought some to take home, along with my left over guacamole. Trying to figure out where to go for lunch, I demanded (oh yes demanded) that we should have tacos, or something authentic Mexican, and my friend said this was his go to taco place and I was not disappointed! There was tons of choice on the menu for so many dishes, but the second I saw Fish Tacos, I was won over. He got the chicken tamales and of course I had to try some of his. Their Black Beans were out of this world! Rice was really tasty, the dressing on the side salad was very zippy, and of course my fish tacos killed. This was the second time I had tamales, (just a bite of course) but I wasn't a big fan, but it could be that I wasn't a big fan of tamales. We also ordered guacamole, and that too, was super delicious!!All in all, check the place out if you have a chance, my face was happy.
3	Not very clean the restaurant...but the tacos are amazing... 4 stars for the food and 1 start for cleanness
4	I came here for the first time with my boyfriend a couple days ago, and I immediately knew I was going to have the Gringas. I snacked on the trio of delicious house salsas and waited for him to make up his mind. He picked the Enchiladas Rojas with chicken. We enjoyed the outdoor seating and when the food arrived he tried a couple bites and said it was too saucy. So I switched plates with him without even getting a bite myself. That's love. However, I really liked the enchiladas, the sauce was slightly spicy and the chicken was well seasoned. The refried beans were creamy, a good counter to the spicy rojas sauce. I got to eat the guacamole that came with the gringas, I like that it was full of coriander and zesty from lime juice. I'm sure we'll be back again....
5	Really nice and helpful people. Authentic Mexican food with lots of options. Definitely recommended.
