5	I recently was referred by a friend to a new start local carpet cleaning business. I needed my carpets cleaned so I decided to try them out. They did a great job, and had lower prices then most competitors. They were very friendly, professional, and knowledgeable. They even offered to clean my couch for free as an added bonus since I was a new customer! I highly recommend Scrub Buds for home or business. They not only clean carpets, but also tile, couches, and drapes and offer emergency water extraction.
5	I recently threw a party, which unfortunately resulted in all sorts of havoc being unleashed on my carpets. (Dirt, spilled drinks, shoetracks, cigarette ash, etc.) Was in a panic to have the carpets treated a.s.a.p. and was referred to Scrub Buds by a girlfriend of mine. Easy to contact, arrived quickly, and virtually everything was removed from the carpets! They were a whole new colour after being cleaned. I suppose you don't realize how unkempt your carpets have become until you have them professionally cleaned :)
5	I was referred to Scrub Buds through a friend when I moved out of a very large house with lots of stains on the carpet! Not only were these guys fast and very competively priced, but they were also extremely professional, personable and definitely went above and beyond to take care of my carpet cleaning needs. Not only will I use them again, but I also highly recommend them to anyone who needs carpet cleaning services!
5	Used a lot of other cleaners in the past but finally found someone worth using again. Not only do these guys do amazing work they're actually good people to boot. Would highly highly recommend to anyone reading this.
5	Awesome!! They did a fabulous job, my carpets have never looked better. After a few parties, my carpets were looking less than stellar. They took their time and made sure everything looked great. The team was very friendly to me and my dog. Super professional, they were careful with my furniture and cleaned up after themselves.  I will be using them again.  :)
5	Just had my carpets cleaned by Scrub Buds at both my home and rental property. The carpet at my rental property was filthy, actually another business refused to clean it.. But then, Scrub Buds came to the rescue!! That carpet looks 100 times better! A few days later, they also cleaned my home and did an amazing job. I've already referred them to all my friends. They are punctual, courteous, and professional. Their prices are extremely reasonable and what they quote you is what it is!! No extra this and that.. Can't get simpler than that! I do wish they accepted credit cards... Hopefully in the near future. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	The Scrub Buds were at my neighbors house cleaning and we asked if they could come over and clean ours after they were done. They didn't have to but they did and did an amazing job! Not only were they nice and fast but they were reasonably priced! Will definitely use them again. If it tells you anything about them, I have never used yelp before but really wanted to give them props so this is my first one!!!
5	4 years of 4 dogs accidents removed completely!  I will only use Scrub Buds from now on.  On time.  Fantastic service
5	I don't know why the other review only had 3 stars.  Anthony and Scrub Buds will be my ONLY cleaners from now on.  Anthony is professional, on time and his job was amazing!  Absolutely loved the results.
5	Scrub Buds are THE best I've come across in the longest time! Friendly,  honest,  efficient,  quick response,  and not to mention great price! I've used these guys multiple times they never cease to amaze me! Can't express how great these guys are! Just awesome!
5	Definitely will hire them again! They did a great job and got out all the stains our little four legged nuggets have made.
5	I had them do my mattress and couch and it turned out amazing!!! Their prices were half as much as other cleaners and they did just as a good a job if not better! They were able to come within an hour of calling so that was convient as well. Plus to top it off they cleaned my box springs for free too just because! Would definitely recommend to anyway who needs an upholstry cleaned. Will use them when it's time to get the carpets cleaned!
5	What a pleasant experience! Came on time and completed the job. Rugs look great. Good price and no up selling which I always got from Stanley steemer. I will recommend these guys to my friends.
5	No Messing around, these guys did an outstanding job at my daughters apartment. They took their time and worked out the stains. Excellent service,  I would recommend them to all my friends.
5	Amazing!
5	They worked hard on my carpets and sofa. Even though I think the job took longer then they thought it would (my sofa was a challenge) they still stuck with the price they quoted me. They even called the next day to see if I was satisfied. I mentioned that some stains on my carpet didn't quite come out but overall, all looked great. They offered to come by to treat those stains, when they were in my neighborhood, at a later date, at no charge. Very nice service!
5	Anthony and Gray  were about 90 min here.really they are honest and hard worker.they know what they are doing.My son 4 years made mess with honey and the stickiness , I couldn't took off the stickiness of honey completely. It made carpet more more nasty.Every day was Nightmare!! Seriously.Now, no more stick no more nasty carpet.Thank to  Anthony and Gray.i paid by personal check and little tips with cash.I m gonna ask again thank you!!
4	The last carpet cleaning company I used removed the spots from my puppy but within a day they came back so I figured all hope was lost. I began my search for a new company the week before Thanksgiving and most places were either completely booked or never returned my call; that was until I came across Scrub Buds!Anthony answered my call, gave me a price over the phone, arrived on time and then when they inspected my house gave me a price cheaper than what he said on the phone.....WIN! These guys cleaned and scrubbed my carpets for longer than any company I've ever hired and their hard work shows!! The stains haven't returned and there was no old moldy smell afterwards! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because it took a little longer than I had hoped to dry, next time I use them Ill plan to  be out of the house for the rest of the day. I know they tried to get it as dry as possible because they used tornado level fans! Lol Thanks guys and see ya next time!
5	These guys are awesome! They came in and cleaned my whole house before we moved in. I thought the house was pretty clean. I thought wrong. When they were done, the  house looked amazing. We also had the carpet cleaned. We figured we'd have to replace the carpet soon because it was pretty beat up. It was so clean it looked almost new! Scrub Buds are also very reasonable in price! I would definitely use them again in a heart beat! I highly recommend these guys!!
5	I'm really happy with Scrub Buds. They came the same day I called them up and left my capet looking like new.
5	I would highly recommend these guys. They arrived as scheduled and didn't cut any corners. The carpet looks fantastic!  He also cleaned a kitchen rug that he noticed was dirty for no extra charge! I doubt that you will find any other carpet cleaning company out there that offers this much value for the service they provide.
5	Contacted Anthony on Monday and asked about doing my carpets due to my dogs that are getting old and having accidents. I explained that we really only had about 2 1/2 rooms to clean around everything, did not want to move furniture. He quoted me over the phone, $20 a room. Wow....First I could not believe that as everywhere else I checked was at least $60 a room. I asked about getting it done the next day which was yesterday. He said absolutely and was here at noon with another guy and both were absolutely a pleasure to have in my home to clean my carpet. Anthony walked the area and then then explained what they would do and how long every step would take. He was very informative every step of the way and really did a fantastic job. Our biggest problem was where the dogs were having accidents and as he treated this area with the chemicals the urine was extracted because this morning, I awoke to no odor from their potty spot.  Anthony and his partner did a great job and I will definitely be calling them again within the next few months. For the economical price, there is no reason to attempt to clean your own carpet. These guys do a great job and are beyond the meaning of polite....
5	THEY DID IT AGAIN!!  Got my carpet cleaned by Scrub Buds again and once again they did an excellent job! I was going to try a different company to see if the results were better.. but then I thought, bump that! why pay a ridiculous amount of money!??!??! Anthony was very accomodating to my schedule, he was able to fit me in at the last minute. They were there on time.. They don't give you this lame 4 hour window, they set up a time and they are there! uhmm.. actually, I called to push back my appointment an hour and they did not hesitate to accomodate my crazy schedule. They again did an amazing job, my stairs needed the most help, they spent extra time going over them and made sure all the dirt came out. I was hesitate because sometimes things aren't always "as good as the first time"- but this was one of those exceptions. And you CAN NOT beat their prices, even if you do it yourself, it would probably cost you more money to rent the machine, shampoos, and who has time for all that?!?!  Trust me, you can call around and you won't get that kind of pricing anywhre for the quality and results. I am on the Scrub Buds train! Again, keep in mind that they only take checks and cash.. so no credit cards, maybe one day!!
5	Where to begin? First of all, the value was incredible. After having to move into a brand new place, I was on a budget and particularly pleased to find a carpet cleaner that was so inexpensive, even if I was a little skeptical. After describing my apartment they quoted me a fee based on that and honored it even after seeing the actual space and realizing it would actually constitute a higher fee. Definitely appreciated them keeping their word. Second, they did a PHENOMENAL job. They were done quickly, but didn't compromise quality for speed. No joke, my carpets looked like new. After having two puppies and a few "trouble areas," as well as discoloration in high traffic spots, you would never know. The guys were super nice and incredibly detail-oriented. Cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	They came to my house last minute, did an amazing job, great customer service. The week after I called them again for my parents house and my car. Again, amazing job, excellent customer service. Will definitely call them again.
5	I had a stain that I couldn't get out and hired Scrub Buds based off of other positive reviews. Anthony came over on the time I asked him to and removed the stain and cleaned the living room and two bedrooms. He was professional and the price was right.  I plan on using Scrub Buds on a quarterly basis moving forward and would recommend them to others.
5	I was revered to this company by a co worker. I called today to make an appointment on a short notice and he could actually fit me in...surprisingly. he gave me an estimate over the phone what really surprised me,he stayed by his estimate (believe me my carpet looked bad).now my carpet looks absolutely like the day we moved in. I almost cried and my husband saved a fortune on new flooring. Very reasonable. I would highly recommend this company. ...thank you so much...we will see you again
5	They are super friendly they were on time and did a great job .. They  vacuum the carpet 1st  before they shampoo  the carpet ...
5	They came on time and ready to makeover my carpet.  I was very excited and they ensured they would do their very BEST!!  And without a doubt they did!! I def recommend them and they are very well priced.  They take the time to do it RIGHT !! i was very pleased that they didn't rush and they really made sure to go ABOVE and BEYOND!!  I will be calling them again in the future.  I refuse to go anywhere else.  My first yelp review and they deserve it.  Thank YOU Scrub Buds!!!  FYI my carpet as NEVER EVER looked this clean even when I moved in (renter).
5	We just moved into rental house and realized that the carpets had a strong pet urine  smell. I started to freak out because we  already paid the deposit. I talked to my mother and she referred me to scrub buds. I called Anthony at 730pm thinking I would need to leave a msg but  to my surprise he answered. I told him my situation  and that I  needed help ASAP. He told he would be by the next day , which he was. When they arrived , I showed him  the areas of concern . It was very easy to tell because the smell was so strong. He told me they would be able to take care of it. I had my doubts because of how bad it was, But I was wrong. They did get the smell out, all of it. They work over two hrs on three rooms. I am very very happy with the quality of service they provided.  Everything he said, they did . 100% I will use them again and tell all my friends and family.
5	I needed a last minute job to get the carpets cleaned and they were able to work with me.  They arrived early, help me move some furniture and carry a huge TV out to the garage.  They did an amazing job, really personable and friendly.  Not to mention they completed the job with enough time for me to hang out and relax.  Most importantly, they cleaned up after themselves.  Would totally use them again in a heart beat.Thanks guys.
5	Bottom line: these guys are awesome and do fantastic work at a great price.I called Anthony on his cell, he was on the job but he quickly made an appointment for me later in the week. On the day of the appointment, he comes on time with a worker and ready to go. They my entire upstairs is good and clean in about 2 hours. They left my carpet SPOTLESS! Anthony is a very cool guy and an honest worker. I definitely recommend him!
5	I hadn't had my carpet washed in forever, so I looked on yelp and came across Scrub Buds. They did a great job! Punctual, and they really worked hard to make my carpet look as good as it does not! Thx you guys!
5	Anthony and his team did a great job, they were punctual, quick and my carpets look amazing.  Very nice guys, I would highly recommend them.
5	Anthony was very flexible with his hours. I called on a Saturday morning and he came to clean on a Sunday night. Both cleaners were friendly and efficient. The price was very reasonable as well for the service they provide. I highly recommend these guys to anyone looking to get the job done right for a good price.
5	So I'll start off by introducing my carpets and their condition: first off, I have two beagles who out of nowhere decided to make the living room their own personal yard. (Disgusting I know) I actually purchased a personal carpet cleaner to at least try to remove some of their messes as soon as I could attend to them. I have a significant amount of foot traffic in my apartment and the nice white carpet would start to turn dark and flat even. Now this is where my situation get's complicated... I live alone and am rarely home because of work and so getting a carpet cleaner to work around my schedule is close to impossible it seemed like. I called another company and availability was only Saturdays for both parties and so I had a 1 day window to work with. First time, they called me to reschedule because they overbooked. (ok I guess I can wait ONE more week) Second week, something came up on my end and was unavailable so I had to reschedule on them. (Two weeks, my hounds are starting to think it's ok to urinate indoors) Week three, they were able to arrive (2 hrs late at that) and just to break it to me that they couldn't honor my quoted price (which was fine) but they didn't have enough hose to even complete the job. (Now 4 weeks is too long for me, but I had no choice but to reschedule) I got Scrub Bud's number through a friend and immediately booked for that same Saturday. They arrived on time, prepared and could not have done a better job. They put so much effort into taking care of my needs and really pushed through to do a fantastic job and I would recommend them to everyone. I would use them a hundred times over and over again no questions asked. Thanks guys, keep up the amazing work!
5	Called Anthony he set an app. the next day .Came on time and preformed a miracle on my carpet with a pet accident that we thought was permanent ,he made it brand new again all I have to say is that  Anthony was very professional and gave me a great price will use him now for every cleaning need and will only recommend him
5	As a lot of the other reviewers mentioned, they are awesome. Flexible on scheduling, great communication, fair prices, excellent job on the carpets. I'm happy I tried them!
