1	it was called mi casita taco, same owner jose.... it was a good spot. they have lost their way. the owner is a nice guy, but, his kids always mess up the orders and don't care. after many chances i'm out, food quality has dropped dramatically and i will not tolerate rude attitude from his wife. never going back, ever...i'm out!
4	Good Mexican food. Family business . Service is great. Green salsa is the bees knees. Worth the visit.
1	Terrible,terrible,terrible..... that's only way to describe this place,we stopped in for some take out on cinco de mayo it by far the worst meal EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ordered a chicken chimi and my GF got the rolled tacos platter,ughhhhh OMG it was terrible.I got so sick after eating here that we'll never go back.This is as bad as it gets,after my first bite i knew something was up,it just tasted off.I thought it was me but after my GF tried she too said something wasn't rite.I left it on the table for a bit cause i really thought that it was my taste buds messing with me and had a few more bites and had to stop.Not long after eating this meal i started to feel queasy and then outta no where i was off to hurl into the bowl.After hurling my insides out and chugging a bottle of pepto and 50 or so tumms i made it out alive.My GF tacos were flavorless but the rice and beans were good.I have made up my mind and that is i will no longer buy mexican food from a restaurant out here( except for Nandos Cantina inGilbert),i will make it @ home where i'm in control of everything that goes into my food and i know that it'll be awesome.Adios Amigos
1	Garbage mexican.  Another sad copa restaurant
5	I've been going there for years. Best Carne Asada Torta ever
4	Good food, great service!  I love their #5 taco plate!  I only wished they would open earlier.
2	I used to like Pepe's but last time I stopped in on "taco tuesday" for the $1 tacos, they filled the tacos half filling and you needed a magnifying glass to see the beef.  I didn't say anything, I just won't return.
5	Love this mexican food we just to work around maricopa and this was stop for lunch! Everytime que come here we keep having food!! Love it!
3	Just ok. Husband has asada nachos which he liked but got the sour cream and guacamole on the side because he doesn't like those. I didn't see anything that appealed to me so I just got a side of chips and salsa and figured I'd use his guac and sour cream. Chips are good and fresh, served warm. Guac was served in a tiny cup and pureed, yuck not the kind of guac I like. Salsa was served in ketchup and mustard bottles. You get red, which is hot full of seeds and runny also ( not the kind of salsa I like to eat with my chips ) green salsa was a little more mild good thing it had a good flavor or I would not of been very happy. I will probably not be back there again as they had nothing that appealed to me and I rate my chips and salsa high. They were friendly though.
2	Not very good. Edible but not good. I could go into details but why. I've had great Mexican food in Cali and this is not even close.
1	Not my first choice for Mexican food. Bland to explain it at most. I had the California Burrito. Customer service was good. I didn't care for the Salsa either. I was hoping for better and was disappointed.
