2	$9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through "Paradise City" with the rest of the crowd.
3	Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.
5	Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.
5	Piano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat, $7 cover and really fun crowd. We had sucha great time and I can't wait to go back.
5	SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar, cool town, cool people... What else do you need!! The piano players are great, funny, semi-good lookin'... I mean dude, you gotta go!!! :) Love me some SingSing!
4	Well, the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully, it (mostly) improved from there.So there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3, two were really good. Good singers, good piano players, and very funny. The third guy, well, not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range, he wasn't too bad actually, but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.They played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it, it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.Part of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night, so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot, providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course, that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.My friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.If in the Waterfront for a night out, definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.
4	While we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day, we figured we'd see what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I, along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It's apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was, were the nine or so original mill smoke stacks still standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.Sing Sing, which is a piano bar, is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves a selection of RBB's in-house brews and shares a similar menu. There are no TV's, no sports memorabilia (which is rare for this city), and no big booths for large groups. This place is all about being a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn't a bad thing, just note that if you want a bar, go next door or across the street to Dave and Busters. I'd say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.This particular night they were hosting a (shocker) NYE's party. For $40 bucks a person you got a choice of two entrees (beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken), veggies, mashed potatoes, one free drink coupon, a midnight champagne toast, and, what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again... Pretty Cool.There were three musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano (drums, electric synth, bass guitar, and apparently I missed the sax). There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with a tip. The larger the tip, the better chance of hearing your song you have. I put three requests on a sheet with a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto's Africa was fantastic and surprisingly, my curve ball got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV's "Growing Pains." I was sold from that point on.I will take this time to note that this is NOT a family friendly joint. I'm not sure if it was 21+ only but I certainly wouldn't bring anyone too young to drive. A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.Drinks were stiff and not horribly overpriced. I think rail mixed drinks were $7.00 and beers were 6 or so (RBB doesn't brew anything I particularly enjoy so I stuck with rum and cokes). All and all my bill wasn't scary and I'm not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitress staff was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there. The only down side to everything was group seating as you're sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back (allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc), also, being a tourist, we had no idea how hard it would be to get a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for a cab because, as we found out, Homestead is a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives. Ooops!All and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car.
2	In my opinion, Sing Sing is really not worth it. It gets expensive because you drink, maybe start to sing a few lyrics, drink some more, think of a song you wanna hear, put $5 and title of said song on a piece of paper, you drink, they play it, everyone else is trying to get their songs played so you put $10 on your next sticky note...and so on and so forth. I wasn't really into it when I first got there but as the night went on and lager went in I started to warm up to the place. I feel that if I have to drink in order to have a good time, it's not worth it. But again, that's just me.The 2 stars are for the piano players, who are entertaining and very talented, and the Rock Bottom brews they serve.
4	So.Much.Fun! I WISH I could play a song at the drop of a hat. Too bad I never took piano lessons and I'd probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. Unless it's Salt n' Pepa's Shoop. This is a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out. It's just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on a Saturday night. Keep in mind you'll be paying around a $5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. The good thing is the food is coming from the attached Rock Bottom Brewery. So a lot of it is restaurant quality good. Plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good! OF course you will be paying restaurant price drinks...so of course they're up charged a bit. But you do pay for the whole experience....so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits! The guys who play are incredibly talented. There's 2 guys that will take requests and play songs on the piano. They pretty much play ANYTHING you ask. Contemporary songs, throw back songs, fight songs, rap songs, pop songs. You name it, they play it. My favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. They'll all four get on stage and play two piano's, a guitar and drums. They usually rock out with some fun familiar songs (um, Journey, of course!). The birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!
3	Dueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square, and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet "waterfront" opened in 2000 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.When it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovations. I know, I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Free Bird, Stayin' Alive to She's My Cherry Pie, Elton John to the Boss, they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out, songs only you though you knew, and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song, sounding like the band who's song they sung.But today, Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano, shout out a song to stump the band, Sing us a song you're the piano man has run it's course. I don't hate Sing Sing, but I could never come here more than once a year. It's a been there, done that kind of place.
5	If you want to be wowed by musical talent and want to laugh all night, go to Sing Sing :) If you send a dollar up with a song request, they will play it. If they don't know it, they will ask for the person who put the request in so they can sing something else they like, or they will look up the lyrics and sing it!! They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
5	Sing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)
5	What a great time!  This place was awesome!  I wish I lived right down the road, because I could see myself being a regular here.Honestly, these guys have got some talent, like real talent.  They can play the piano, sing, play guitar, and the drums.  Did I mention that they are all pretty hilarious, too.  I'd easily pay the $7 cover to get in here any day because it really is worth it.  I am sure I will be back in no time at all.  Next time, I am bringing a big group of friends.
3	Came here with a group of girls and didn't have a reservation. We paid the cover, walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not all of us got in, they let us get our $7 cover back without issue. I recently went with a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staff was very helpful in dealing with the group. They brew their own beer so do not expect to see any known brands. There are only about 6 beers on top, so if you are more of a light beer drinker you might not be too happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about $9 and they have a limited number of bottled wines (despite what it says on the menu). The entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation.
2	This place has gone significantly down hill.  I've gone to Sing Sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 years.  When we started going there you couldn't get a seat unless you got there early.  It was always packed.  However, each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8/4/12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage, taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be.  This was likely my last time at Sing Sing.  Save your $7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once a lot of fun.
4	Had an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd, any occasion, any age! Ashley the waitress was AMAZING
4	Picture Billy Joel's "Piano Man" DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.The crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
4	First time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout
5	Went here for the first time this past weekend. Needless to say I'll be returning! It was a blast!!!It was cheap to get in and since we got there a bit earlier we got a semi-good table. Though it was very annoying that people had reserved tables right up front and never showed up. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE?! Everything if you ask me! Seriously though if you're going to reserve a table, you better freaking go! I had no complaints about the place itself! The guys were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple times was just the cherry on top! Anddd this has to be the only place I've ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk, because the comedians take no prisoners! I did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!
4	Always a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often. It's great for groups....which is quite obvious since there are always several folks there for bachelorette  parties and birthdays. Shut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax. They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained. Also know some pretty obscure songs. My big criticism is the set up. If you don't have a reservation and/or come later in the evening, it's difficult to get seats. Believe me, I don't mind standing, but it does become a bit awkward when you have to keep scooting over to let waitresses and patrons past you. If you do find a seat, it is often littered with someone else's empty glasses.
3	The musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd, so I can't say they are all bad.  However the minimum for a song request is $5.  I spent $20 on a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it!!  They were playing songs for $5 and $10, but my $40 got me no where.  Even if they didn't know the song, which I doubt, they could have picked one they knew and improvised,  my tip, save your $$ on the requests.Otherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile.
2	I went here with a bachelorette party. We had reservations, which was good because it was packed that Saturday night. The performers were very talented, but the acoustics were strangely off.   The theme that ran through the whole show was, to quote some phrases they kept repeating, "you bitch, you slut, you whore" and  "twinkle twinkle little slut, why don't you take it up the butt" which one of the pianists wrote on the mirror at the back of the stage... You get the idea?  Perhaps if I had not been the designated driver, alcohol would have made these jokes funny the fifth, sixth, seventh time. Or maybe not.
1	He was incredibly sexist/homophobic. He could barely play the piano and when we finally recognized a song we could actually dance to he literally asked me to get off stage because he didn't like another on stage who could actually dance with the girls.
3	Pretty fun place to go every once in a while, but, believe me, by the end of the night you'll be ready to go. The show lasts around 5 hours, by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again.
3	My best friend took me to Sing Sing for my bachelor party. I had a blast. The musicians (dueling pianists) made fun of me in a bunch of songs. They also were really good at playing requested tunes (rock). When the show was over we shuffled across the hall to the connected "Rock Bottom" restaurant for some grub. We all had so much fun that we went back for my buddy's bachelor party.There were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday, if their drinks weren't so damn expensive maybe more people would show up. And sometimes they used vulgar language which was just unnecessary since they would have otherwise still been hilarious. Also there was no table service, and the only bartender was a bitch. I'll probably be back, but only for a special occasion when I can afford it.
