5	My husband and I have been using A&P for many years.  They do awesome work and their prices are outstanding.  Over the past 10 or 12 years, we have used their services on numerous occasions and have never been disappointed.  We can always get an in-home estimate either the same day we call or the next day and installation is also done quickly.  We have NEVER had a problem with anything we've purchased at A&P.  We own rental homes, have used A&P on a regular basis and will continue to use them.
5	I'm glad I found this family owned bussiness to buy the new carpeting for our bedrooms, since we like to support local business! The service was quick, they installed the carpet the very next day we bought it, the installation was done perfect and for a very reasonable price. The owner and his team were very friendly too. I highly recommend this place.
5	Absolutely excellent service - efficient, friendly, reasonably priced. I walked in, got exactly what I needed with fast service and in my price range, and installed the next day. The "two Georges" that installed my carpet were on time, professional and fast. Ron and Pat at the store went out of their way to make sure I got what I needed. I'm so glad I found this place and will always buy my carpet there from now on.
5	Art and Pat are the cutest couple.  I went in on Saturday and it's being installed today.  :)  Yeah.  I haven't seen it yet but I'm sure it's fantastic.  He is a fair small business owner.  Rare to find
5	Very nice team, great selection of in stock carpet. A&P had a very fast turnaround on the installation and competitive prices.  Great service and follow-up. I don't see needing new carpet again anytime soon, but I would recommend them to anyone.  I love supporting the small, local business owner and this is one worth supporting.
5	We replaced the nasty carpet in our house when we bought it and went with A&P and dont regret it. We called on Friday, got a quote immediately. Looked around and they were the least expensive and seemed to be the most trustworthy. Sunday we told them we'd go with them and by noon on Monday it was installed! Looks great so far and is cozy... Of course I dont know how it will hold up years from now, but the way my experience with them has been so far, I trust it will be fine. Very friendly and helpful as well!
5	I had the pleasure of visiting here last week, I have to say I was pretty impressed with the hospitality of Pat, the owner. As we were looking at the carpet, she brought us some bottled water and was very courteous and knowledgeable. Also, there was a pretty amazing selection of carpet. They really have something for everyone. They have outdoor carpet, indoor carpet, lots of different colors and textures. So many times when you look at carpet all they have is a little sample for you to look at. It's pretty neat to see the massive rolls of carpet, it gives a better picture of what it would look like over a large area. I had my 6 year old with me and he has a short attention span, but he enjoyed our visit here.
5	These guys are the best!! Great prices, and their carpet is the same high quality brands of carpet other stores I looked at sold. They will bend over backwards to accommodate your needs. I was preparing to show my house on a Saturday. They came out Thursday night measured my house and gave me the lowest prices of anyone. Friday they installed over 1500 sqft of carpet and it looked GREAT. Unbelievable service.
5	A&P Carpets gets a 10 star rating from me.  I had never had carpet or flooring installed and was a bit overwhelmed, but Art, Pat and their team made the project easy, fast, enjoyable, and a great success!   I began the process by visiting A&P's ample warehouse on University Blvd.  I was greeted by Pat, who within minutes had helped me select exactly the color and style of carpet that was ideal for my location.  I explained to Pat that, living alone with my son off to college, my first concern was moving furniture and items off the two floors of my house.  She assured me not only that the job could be done but that the installation could be completed in one day--amazingly, three days later.  I returned home.  An hour later, Art came out to measure and quote me a very reasonable and affordable price.  The price had included the carpet and all aspects and details of the installation.   As promised, three days later the installers arrived on time at 8:30 a.m.   It was a two-person crew.  Over the years I have arranged numerous contractors who have done work in my house, but never have I worked with any who were more dedicated and professional.  They asked for my advice on moving furniture where and when needed.  They  made me feel as comfortable as possible during the tear-out and installation.  They showed great care in handling my items.  They kept me informed of their progress throughout the day.   They were done by 3:30.  Not only did they install the carpeting.  One of my baseboards had been damaged.  I purchased a replacement piece, and they installed that too.  It was so pleasant that I took pictures of the installers and their work and sent them to my son.  I absolutely  love my new carpets!  Not only was the quality of product and work is amazing.  Most memorable was A&P's top-notch  customer service.  Pat and Art run a consummate family business with a family level of care!
5	Nowadays it's very hard to find truly reliable people that you can do business with and at the end of the transaction, be 100% satisfied. Well, that's my experience with A&P Carpet. I had installed carpeting in half my house already by another company called "Carpet World" (avoid them, they simply don't care about the customer) simply stopped returning my calls and I was left with no recourse but to look for someone else to continue the job. In a sense, I am glad it happened this way. I called on a late Saturday morning for an estimate and Art was at my door an hour later ready to give me an actual price. I must say that I was very impressed since I live about an hour away from their location. Art is a true businessman. He did all the calculations in his mind and he gave me a low price on different carpet options. He was very attentive to what we wanted and he was extremely courteous throughout the whole process. He also worked around my schedule and I had the carpet installed on a Wednesday; exactly the day I needed it to be. The installers that came out were professionals and they were very quick. They laid 700 SQF of carpet in about three hours. Foremost, they did an excellent job; it came out exactly the way I had hope for. I would recommend A&P Carpet to anyone in the valley that is looking to install some carpet.
5	Thanks for the communication Art.  The carpet looks great.  I will definitely go with this company on my next carpet replacement.  I've owed 16 plus rentals over the years and wish I had used you guys from the start.
5	Need carpet? Go here!!! We are moving out of state and selling our home. We needed to replace the carpets thanks our the poodle when he was a puppy. I guess he really likes carpet pad and spent his free time ripping up carpet so he could chew on the pads. Of course I turned to Yelp to guide me and read several 5 star reviews for A&P Carpet. I called at least 5 businesses and got multiple quotes. Art at A&P Carpet was very competitive in terms of pricing and was able to work with my schedule. I told him I was looking for basic carpet since we were selling, he pointed me in the right direction and I picked from two colors. I am staring at the new carpet now and it looks fantastic. The carpet installer showed up promptly and did not waste any time. He was very professional and did a phenomenal job. He has over 20 years of experience and it shows. Art has also been in the industry for a long time as well. I met Pat when I went to the carpet warehouse to check out the selection of carpets, she is very sweet. You will not be disappointed, all the 5 stars only support the customer service and pricing that this local business has to offer. Save yourself time on multiple quotes, I did it already and A&P Carpet is competitively priced.
