4	What's that, you say?  Looking for something to do that's a bit off the beaten trail, but perhaps not too spooky?  Maybe you have had your fill of haunted houses and corn mazes, or you just want something to do with the littlest of kiddies.  Then look no further than Belmont - which is, admittedly, a bit further than most of us get on a regular basis.The Purple Planet offers an indoor 3-D Mini Golf course.  That's right, 3-D mini golf!  Once you are inside the converted building, you don your hi-tech 3-D specs (these are the corny cardboard variety, not the futuristic plastic ones, so you'll have to work to keep them on) and try and get your mini golf groove on.The course isn't especially challenging if you don't use the specs.  But if you manage to wear them, it's a bit more difficult to walk, much less get the ball in the hole.  The dimly lit interior, as well as the black-lit backdrop fresh out of That 70s Show will have you wondering if you'll ever get done.  No wonder it's only 9 holes!A couple of things make it even better - one price gets you all-you-can-play golf.  That's right - haven't had enough, go around again!  And you can even combine the course with a combo pass for the Haunted Mill, housed in the same building, for even better savings (or, if some of your group like extra chills, you can take it all in at once)!
5	SAY WHAT?!How couldn't you have been here before? You don't know what you're missing. 9 holes fun for the entire family (even for adults unless there are bratty children running around unattended by parents who should actually become victims of the haunted house people).Golf is played in dark light. 3D effects are created by using differing colored spray paints. Special glasses are provided that allow the effects to stand out some. I believe this entire place was built completely from parts left over from the junk yard and Home Depot for all of a few hundred bucks.Be careful for the spinning tunnel. The goal is to do the craziest dance you can while walking through it without falling over. The last whole is a bear. I'm pretty certain we've lost a few balls on it thanks to ricochets. I'm told that happens a lot.The haunted house is currently closed for remodeling in preparation for Halloween 2011. More Home Depot runs??? That would be my guess as well.Enjoy! it's a blast.
5	I loved the Haunted Mill next door, so I tried Purple Planet, my nieces and nephews loved it.  My sister already booked their next birthday party there, seems like they do all the work for when you have one of these parties. Wish this was here when I was a kid....Robert, Charlotte NC
5	Stopped here while in Charlotte on vacation.  So fun!!!!! The tunnel was INSANE!
5	Woo hoo!  I can NOT believe I haven't Yelped about this place since we went earlier in 2013!  We had a group of six go together (5 adults and 1 child), and it was a blast, and so hilarious.  I don't need to say too much more than what's been said already as the descriptions are spot on.  But it's one of those places you have to experience for yourself when you're looking for something fun and different.  Keep in mind, it is dark and the music is loud. The icing on the cake was when we went in, it was cool and sunny and dry outside.  When we opened the doors to leave, we were greeted with the biggest, softest, prettiest snowfall we had ever seen.  Snowball fight in the parking lot!  Great day.
3	Oh wow. I don't know where to begin. This is an experience. The Good:- You will talk about this. For months. This is the sort of place that you go to and you never forget the experience. It is an experience- not typical.- It isn't expensive. You can throw birthday parties there- the golfing is fun (if you have glasses- consider wearing contacts so you can easily wear the 3D glasses that they give you)- My nephews and his friends LOVED IT. Children are so strange. There is a very odd psychedelic tunnel. It makes you dizzy. Most sane adults hate it. Children think this is SO AMAZING.- I value stories. I like that this isn't the typical place. That deserves to be mentioned twice.The Bad- Really guys? REALLYYYY? Can you please clean the bathrooms? It is disgusting. Not a little digusting...it is very disgusting. I'm not some OCD person, but I couldn't go to the bathroom there. It was really gross. It isn't just gross from not cleaning it but there is a fear of finding used condoms and needles as well.- It is a dump. I love a good story. But this is really a dump. It is probably better for teenaged kids to go here around Halloween. - I feel like you need to be on drugs to enjoy this placeGuys- this is a great concept and a lot of fun. Can you just PLEASE clean the bathroom? The wall that is crumbling is another concern (is that even legal?)
1	I would put one star but with the glasses on i guess it was worth the two minutes of looking around at 3d stuff.Ugh this place was the worst. I bought this as a birthday present thinking this was about to be the most fabulous outing after reading the other reviews. This place is a complete DUMP. We couldn't use the 3d glasses because they don't stay on your face, you can tell there is absolute no maintenance going on inside the building, even the mini golf "course" was flawed when we would have to pull the flags out of the holes so that the ball could actually go in. We will never recommend this to anyone, and we will never be back.
1	Delete the one star and you have it. This place was HORRIBLE. Old and dirty. Complete ripoff. Don't waste your time or money.
2	Pretty atrocious. Really just a run down dump of a place.  I definitely would not ever go back here.  It's not expensive, but still seemed like a ripoff.  I am giving it 2 stars instead of one because of the 3D tunnel.  That was Really Cool!
