5	This church has been around FOREVER! I can't believe there are no reviews! The pastor here is Fr. Rinn. His sermons are short and to the point, he never goes around in circles. What I love best about him is that he's from Chicago. What I hate most about him is that he's a White Sox fan! Sometimes when his mirophone goes out, he blames the Cubs fans in the back...what a funny guy. There are 'children's' masses at 10am on Sundays, Fr. Bill is normally the presider then, but the singing is normally the kids from the adjoining school. Talk about beautiful. Their singing brings tears to my eyes, it's breathtaking!
5	St. Viator really does deserve 5 stars mainly because this is the most community oriented parish in town. I have family who moved to other parts of town but still prefer going here for mass. Maybe I'm just being a little bias because I have been going to church here for as long as I can remember. My brother and I both had our first communion here and I've also been to a lot of other things such as weddings, funeral service, and a number of baptisms. There are only 2 priests, which both of them I have grown to love. Not necessarily personally, but as a priests who put effort into their homilies and genuinely love their parishioners. Although this church is not the best part of town, the church attendees represent a good demographic most likely because of all the families required to attend mass because of their kids attending the school. They also always have some type of construction project going on, which is nice that they try to keep buildings and its surroundings new and up to date. Then again, that means they ask for additional donations on a regular basis, haha, but I don't mind it. My advice is, if you live on the east side, come here!
5	This church feels like HOME! Friendly Ministry there. Welcoming atmosphere. A Joy to attend Mass there.
1	This review is strictly in regards to customer service.  I just spoke with Beth, who is the wedding ceremony coordinator and I was surprised at the information that was given.  First she asked me why I wanted to have my wedding there, she sounded very rude because initially I said I am not from Las Vegas.  She told me that they only cater to Las Vegas locals, and ONLY if you know someone who lives in Las Vegas or goes to that church can they even consider helping you with having a ceremony there.  So I mentioned my aunt and she said "Well, you would have to plead your case.  The priest is very busy and he cant be taking out of town weddings, he would never have time off."  I've never felt this way from a church before.  She straight out said "We don't do weddings here just because your venue is here"  I honestly felt like crying, I hoped to get walked down the isle by my father in a catholic church because i'm having a wedding in a place that I truly love and this is what a catholic church does?  Denies (or should i say, discriminates) me of that opportunity because I'm not a local and because I chose to have my wedding in the same community?  I deserve to be able to share this experience anywhere there is a catholic church.  I was even willing to go out there and attend whatever it was that I needed to do.  I felt so judged and unwanted, and this is a church.  If that information she gave me was valid, then they should make sure to add that to their website, no where on the site does it say that or else i would have never called.
1	This review is to all that volunteer during mass. No No No No . I can't believe how this ladies disrespect the altar! I attended mass today ( Christmas Midnight mass) and I couldn't believe what I saw reading the word of god! This chicks are in super mini skirt and and freakin slit galore showing thighs....  Wow! This is not the banks or hakkasan ladies nor the blue martini! I am not conservative at all. But helllloooooo right place and right time! Father if you can read this post better give a major shout out to this women. The church is not part of match.com but rather a place of worship to our god in heaven and our lord Jesus Christ .  Sad very sad when this ladies are trying to get attention. Well you gals got it alright in a gross way. Oh yeah ladies trying wiping the end of the chalice better during the communion rather than you keep pulling your skirt down!  Father during this mass did superrrr wonderful :)
