4	Victoria's Secret of Canada! Reminds me so much of VS in the US. I was here while they were having a great sale on underwear: 7 for $30. The have a huge selection of panties: boy shorts, briefs, bikinis, thongs. They also have many bras in different colors and styles and an assortment of perfumes and body products that remind me so much of the stuff from VS. Staff was friendly and helpful. I was glad I visited this store when I did last week. I saw on the news the day after my visit that the windows had been smashed during the "celebration" that ensued after the Canadiens game.
4	Sarah A is partly correct about La Senza being the Canadian Victoria's Secret.  It is owned by Limited Brands which also owns Victoria's Secret!  But for some reason, I like La Senza better.  Whilst Victoria Secret (to me) has a bit of a trashier image (sexy, but trashy), La Senza comes off as being more playful sexy.  There are tons of bright colors and fun designs that make shopping for lacy danties a fair bit of fun.I also think that their prices are quite reasonable.  They aren't as expensive as some of the luxury brands but they aren't the cheapos either.  They are that nice middle ground where you feel like you're getting a deal for quality goods.  The day I stopped by here they were having a massive sale and the place was PACKED!  Staff was handling it quite well and they were keeping the lines moving and helping people find what they were looking for.I won't tell you what I bought *wink, wink* but I'm glad I happened upon this shop as its something that I miss here in the US!
4	I have to admit to having avoided La Senza for a while, mainly because in summer, the undies' colours are so darn bright, But I needed to broaden my undies' selection so I peeked in. The store is huge (3 stories), and it's easy to feel intimidated. Even easier when you are immediately greeted by a pretty saleslady. I don't remember much of customer service, but it seems La Senza has switched to a full-on, quasi personal shopper experience, and it's...pretty awesome?! Within minutes I had 6-7 pieces to try on, too much than what is allowed to try on at ounce! The saleslady in charge of the fitting rooms was equally personable, introducing herself, making sure you're attended to..The selection is gigantic, with underwear being on the first floor, lounge wear being on the second, and pajamas on the third. The last floor, isn't always open though, and I wonder if it isn't a seasonal thing. I'm pretty sure you'll find what you need, the colours and the models are varied, the prices are reasonable, so have fun!
4	Ok, what woman doesn't love a good deal on undies? There's something for every kind of budget here, from $3 panties to $50 ones; from every-day bras to something a show-girl would wear. Oh, and they have pasties with tassels too! There's a discount card that costs $ 10 a year and gives you 10% off each purchase. I immediately bought one because I spent over $100 today so it already paid for itself...I now have a reason to indulge one of my guilty pleasures - buying pretty underthings!
