5	Not to much going on here...thats the way I like my libraries...glad it's in my  'hood.
4	It had been a while since I visited one of the Clark County Public Libraries.  But when you lose your job and anything free is good, this is the place to be.I live maybe a mile away from the Enterprise branch on Las Vegas Blvd. so it's really convenient.  While it's not the largest library it has an ample selection of books, magazines, cd's, DVDs, and pretty much anything else you would need.  The library staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.  There's about 8 computers you can reserve for an hour at a time. (or more if it's not busy)The only other library I have visited is the Rainbow branch in the northwest valley.  That one is bigger but I prefer the enterprise branch.  We all pay to have these libraries so use them!  They're great resources.
3	This is my local library, and my rating would be higher if they had not shortened their business hours. Closing at 7pm Mon-Friday? WTH is that all about? I know the city's trying to save money on their budget, but shortening the hours to the library? That's low, Las Vegas, that's damn low.It's a decent library, nice selection of books. I love the automated checkout system, and also the online hold. Know your book, but can't find it? Check the website, and if the CC library system has it, they'll hold it for you and deliver it to your specific branch. NICE! I feel bad for the kids today, if they can't hang out at the library till 9pm and do homework. Maybe things really have changed and it's not as necessary anymore, and that's kinda sad. Libraries are a great place to lose yourself!
3	Certainly not the nicest or largest library in town, but it just happens to be the closest to my house. I needed to do some studying this week. Realizing that there were too many distractions at home, I headed for Enterprise. I like the fact that they had ample study rooms available for me to get in some alone time. That might be a different story when schools are in, but noteworthy nonetheless.As I was researching a good library to go to, I discovered that they all seem to have the same hours. So that's not a deciding factor at all. And when it comes to borrowing, you can order anything within the system and have it moved and ready for pickup at your local library, so that's not a deciding factor either. They also all have the new automated checkout and return system. Great convenience.In photography, the best camera is the one you have with you. Similarly, the best library is the one you actually go to. If Enterprise is near you, I see no reason why it wouldn't be your go-to location.
4	I like this library...right off LV Blvd...easy to get to location.  The library is basically automated now and you rent out books by yourself.  There's nothing to write home about...typical study rooms, internet access, etc.  We go here to rent audiobooks before long car rides...they have a decent selection and can request books from other locations.
5	Friendly staff and well organized.
5	I adore this library.Lots of books, private rooms for studying (reservation, only), free wi-fi, large children's section, huge selection of DVDs one can borrow, a well-priced selection of secondhand books available for purchase in a small library bookshop, community activities, a small (changing) art gallery - and friendly staff members.I love this library.
5	When I first moved to Las Vegas in 2004, one of the first things I obtained was a library card at this location. Near my house, it's been somewhat of a refuge for me when I need to study and was too lazy to drive twenty miles to UNLV. It's not modern and grand like the Lied Library or as polished and fresh as the Windmill Library, but Enterprise offers a lot resources in a small space. For example: Study rooms (you must reserve to use it), plenty of open tables, a wide selection movies and music to rent, a (compact) computer lab, and a children's and young adult's section. Additionally, there's a small art gallery, a room devoted for books on sale (cheap!), and a community auditorium.Self-checkout and return is so simple and fast, I saw children use it like pros. The Clark County Library sends a courteous e-mail when your library materials are almost due. The staff is helpful and kind; when I had difficulty finding a book they directed me to the correct location. In a town redundant with Spanish tile houses, flashy buildings and obnoxious billboards, the old-school brick exterior is refreshingly pleasing to the eye. However, there are a few complaints: the book selection is limited, the fluorescent white lights and cacophony of patrons yapping can be encumbering when studying. So if you plan to cram for an exam, reserve a study room and bring headphones. Those faults are minor and don't deter me from visiting. One of the few libraries in the south side of town, it's presence is vital and I'm grateful for it.
2	First off, I love the Las Vegas library system and it's one of the advantages of living in this city. I recently visited this location and I have to say it's the smallest library with the narrowest selection of all the libraries in town. I hope they expand it. However, it was a big day for my toddler who got her first library card and stayed for story time which she adored. It was endearing to watch her pick out the books she wanted to check out and the librarian and my teen explaining how the library works. She loves books and thanks to "Your baby can read" she can read already so that's a bonus. Seems like this end of town gets less effort than other parts, I hope that changes.
5	The Enterprise library is very clean and very organized.  ITs a library, I do not expect anything less from them. They have a wide selection of material along with an entire half of the building dedicated to children and a big reading room dedicated to teens. I went there for the first time to get a library card and the process to sign up was extremely easy. Go to a computer, type your info in, hit send and proceed to the counter to get your card. The staff is very friendly and helped me locate the books I was looking for.  Checkout process is fast and easy!  You place your books on the lighted up square and the computer can read all the books you have stacked up. Fantastic!
4	As I take the Yelp 100 Challenge,  I am challenging myself to read one book a week. This is a reasonable challenge. I am a book lover. In 1985, when I read Ray Coleman's "Lennon", it planted the seed of a lifelong reading habit. To this day, I am usually in the company of a book. My genre is the biography-preferably musicians, actors, and winners.  Books are nutricion for the mind and food for the soul. Books are knowledge.  Knowledge is power! A good book is entertaining and enlightening. A good book lifts my mind to an elevated place where I feel like the Baron of Cloud 9.  Las Vegas is a suitable metropolitan area for book lovers. There are more Las Vegas Library District branches scattered throughout the area than there are Station Casinos. The southernmost branch is Enterprise Library. It is a branch that is convenient to my Henderson apartment.  Enterprise Library is small. It ain't a New York Public Library, Seattle Public Library, or Sahara West Library. When you walk in, there is a hall to the right. That hall connects to a conference room. There are some interesting Las Vegas pictures. The majority of the action is straight. There are two stations for information. The books are toward the back of the room. To the left are couches, reference books, and magazines. When I started visiting the Enterprise Libary, this was a large biography section. Walking further into the library, the computer room is on the right. This is where I have gone when I do my online taxes. The computer room of today is controlled by your library card. To the far left are cubicles and study rooms. Just past the computer room is the CD racks. I have downloaded many of the all time best classic rock albums from here. At the border of the general bookshelves are DVDs (I believe music is still by the music books), large print books, and new releases. There are about ten aisles of bookshelves before the room dead ends at a few large tables overlooking the rancher style homes of Enterprise.   Enterprise Library might be small in size. However it is large in substance. I view libraries as buildings to check out books that bring your mind on an adventure. When I checkout a book at Enterprise Library, my mind feels like a jet taking off from McCarran toward Cloud 9.. The books that I have checked out from Enterprise Library have taken my mind on incredible adventures. Adventures that include Elvis jamming with the Beatles in the Hollywood Hills, the Stones recording Exile On Main Street in Necote, self help advice from Mayor Giuliani,  and Howard Hughs in the late 1960s controlling his Las Vegas empire from his Desert Inn hotel room.   There is a misconception that book lovers are geeks. However when I am feeling like the Baron of Cloud 9 everything else is irrelevant.The Yelp 100 Challenge Review 35 of 100.
4	This is the closest Vegas library to me and I love it! It's not big, but it has everything I need and more!RSVP to get a computer online before you get there as they only have 7 of them (not counting the kids ones). They have study rooms you can reserve or ask for one at their help desk. They also have cubicles in the back.There's a lot of activities and events for everyone; my sister takes the girl she babysits (age 5) to events like storytime, crafts for holidays and parties.If you ever need a book, it doesn't hurt to check their paperbacks; there's not many but it's how I managed to get my hands on Mira Grant's Feed Trilogy without waiting on hold for it!The staff is helpful and quick about getting issues fixed and helping you find what you're looking for.
4	This is the closest library to us.  Always have been able to find what I am looking for and on the few occasions they didn't have it, it was easy to get and have sent here. Hubby likes that the movie selection is decent and has never had a problem finding a free movie to watch
4	This a great library to go to. It has a nice selection of movies and books. It also has an above average size children's book and DVD area. Furthermore, in the children's area there are about 3-4 tables or so where kids can play with puzzles and kids games or they can just read one of there favorite books. Lastly, they have a variety of children's programs including story time so be sure to check their calendars.Overall, this library is nice and clean and I come here often. I'm sure other libraries are just as nice but just prefer this one due to its proximity. If you would like to go to a really impressive library with a huge selection try visiting Clark County Library. It is near majors Flamingo and Maryland Pkwy. PS. If there is really something in particular that your looking for just put yourself on the wait list and when it comes in you will receive an email for you to come in and pick it up.
4	easy to maneuver through this library.  the staff is friendly.. well kept. las vegas libraries are pretty state of the art and current with using the Internet for just about everything..  &! your library card is more than a library card.. it now holds acct information!  don't know how I feel about that... but you can load it with $ too.  Positives: you can always go online and check the status of due dates, books/DvD/cd's on hold, etc..their are like 6 computers to do book searches.. [very impersonal this tableof computers.  their placed so close together. ]  not sure if there are any other comps... maybe in the children's section.  *children's and teen section are separate.  *large selections of recommended books [like when you're in line at the grocery store and you have to look at the candy...]*DVDs and music.. and a study area with desks in the back.plenty of computers  for Internet use.. It's in its own room, so there's  privacy from the rest of the library.  not sure if you have to pay, but I don't think so.they have a way cool self serve area where you place your books on top of a scanner and it magically scans all the books.  you also get a printed receipt with a list of books you have, and the due dates.  this magicalmachine is also a late fine pay station..verrrrry coooool...their are drive thru return boxes if you can't make it before closing time.best to bring your own bag.
5	Internet is super fast! way better then starbucks, quiet, tons of free movies... this is always my go to spot to study!
4	One of the most iconic libraries of all time. It is my personal favorite to be at a library great enough to be a museum unto itself. Where to go if you want to get some serious research done.
4	A huge collection of books. The one near Lincoln Center also has audio and video library.
