5	This place is a little hard to find at first its inside the shell gas station. But do not let that detour you. Pretty much every thing there is awesome. Prices are awesome too. The 16" one topping pizza is 7.99 it really reminds me of the pizza places back east. It just has that look and feel. Pretty much every thing there is made there so its not just a bunch of frozen stuff. Plus Mo the guy who owns it is the nicest guy ever he really puts forth the effort to get to know his customers and to remember them. Also they have home made baklava that is .99 a pieceYou really cant go wrong with Mo's.
2	I've read many raving reviews about this place but found it to be less than good myself.  It kinda tasted like frozen pizza dough(its not) and my cheese was barely meted.  I prefer my pizza to be nice and bubbly on top.  I give it two stars because the owner was super nice and gave us extra toppings for free.
5	This place has great pizza and it's done really fast. I got a medium pizza with 4 toppings for $10! That's a heck of a deal. The pizza was really good and mo is a super nice guy. I ordered the pizza and had it delivered and while he said it would be 45 minutes he was here in 30. These pizza's are made to order and are fresh, if you stand there you can watch him make your pizza, no frozen dough here. The Baklava is really good too. I highly recommend this pizza place.
4	I tried the $5.99 large 16" cheese pizza special here yesterday and it wasn't bad for a pizzeria located in a gas station. I honestly didn't catch which kind of cheese was used, but it was garnished with herbs which gave it a good taste. I will go back here when I feel like a pizza again since I live close to it. The menu also included the extras like pasta and burgers, I'll try one of those next time I go along with the pizza.
5	I love Mo's, been here plenty of times and it never has disappointed. The pizza is great and well priced, good extras too including the Eggplant Parmesan dinner. Also, the owner is really nice and goes above and beyond for his customers. I recommend trying it out, and not for just the pizza. Everything there is made there except for the desserts which is fine with me. He does make the baklava himself though.
1	Tragically bad pizza.Undercooked to one notch above raw.The brilliantly white "cheese" was bland, tasteless and of questionable heritage.Same for the red sauce.The "sausage" looked like the pellets left by a rabbit.The veggies however were actually fresh.I live about a mile from here but will not be ordering it again.Sad.One wonders about the relationship of the owner to the previous reviewers.
5	Some of the best pizza that I've ever had. This is quite impressive since It's located at a Shell Gas Station. Don't let that fool you. The ingredients tasted incredibly fresh and home made. From the sauce, crust, cheese and toppings you are guaranteed an amazing experience. Fast and Delicious!
4	Love to get Pizza at Moes!  Cheap and the owner is the friendliest in town.  Seems like he works 7 days a week, because hes never not there.  We get the $10 Carryout pizza special, freaking delicious.  As for the other non pizza foods, there just ok.  The burger is huge and good but the fries are always kinda soggy.  The hot wings are good but suffer a little due to the over-complicated taste of the sauce. Maybe too much seasoning? The baklava is made on location and is freaking delicious.  Will come again and again.
4	Great pizzas, burgers, salads and service for a reasonable price.
3	Pizza is like sex.  Even if it's bad, it's still good.  That pretty much sums up how I feel about this place.  The pizza itself wasn't too bad.  I liked the garlic stuff they put on the crust.  I was disappointed that they screwed up my order and instead of pepperoni and garlic, I got pepperoni and olives.  They didn't even apologize or offer to give us a discount or anything.  We also tried their chicken fingers which were alright. Nothing special.  You could tell they were the cheaper ones.  For the price though, I'd go back again (2 med 2 topping pizzas, 5 fingers for $15).
5	Best pizza I have ever had. Talked to the manager/owner that I'm allergic to gluten and he said he'd order gluten free dough now. I'm so happy I can eat this delicious pizza without gluten pain!
5	This is by far the best tasting pizza I have had in Vegas. I love the herbs they add. I do not live close to this place, but will make the trip for this pizza.
1	Had their pizza for the first time at a elementary school today. All were different stages of doneness.  Tasted like cardboard. Liked the oregano on op though.
3	Really good food.. They messed up on my order which took a little long not to long . I asked for a sausage pizza and they put pepperoni instead.. I told them I didn't see any sausage and he said it's there it's under the cheese. I said no it's not and the lady in the back said she messed up but they said they would fix it. They did and it was excellent. Also have good chicken wings and the mozzarella sticks were really good! Great price I would eat here again. If they didn't mess up I would have gave them a 4 star rating.
2	We ordered from this place for the first time. We ordered 2 hot dogs, a western bacon cheeseburger, an avocado burger, and a pizza. Let's start with the hot dogs....they were BLACK! And covered in ketchup and mustard.  I would have preferred that on the side. The bacon on the burgers was turkey bacon! If you are going to use turkey bacon on your products you should inform your customers so they can decide if they want that bacon! The avocado was brown and looked old. I hear the pizza wasn't bad. Pretty sure we won't be ordering from here anymore.
