1	Some friends and I placed a large order for delivery. The food arrived in about an hour (we were quoted 45 to 60 minutes, so this was acceptable). Unfortunately when our order arrived it was incorrect. When we called and told them our order was incorrect we were told it would take at least 90 minutes to receive a corrected order, and that we could complain to the manager if we wanted. On top of the poor service the food was poor quality (wings were undercooked, the tiramisu was frozen in the center, the fish portion of the fish and chips were bland). Overall, I don't recommend this place.
1	1 star because there is no 0. It's hard to find places that deliver at 1 am while at work. they had a nice website set up and great menu options, however, apparently that's where they put their money. Cuz the staff sucks. We Ordered our food, Cheese Burger and Italian Sub, online and they said it would be 45-60 min. It's a habit so we called and confirmed they received the food shortly after. 2 HOURS LATER!!!! food still hadn't arrived. When we called they said "It was in the oven and would be 15 min."30 minuets after arrival time we called on a different phone to check if our food was on the way. The female that answered said "Yes" without asking our name or order number then promptly hung up.  The food finally arrived 3 hours late, Burger was Cold, Sub was Soggy. Highly Unprofessional, Seriously Overrated.
1	Ordered Wings and a Pizza. It took an hour and 45 minutes to deliver - the driver did call to say that he was lost, but by the time he got here, the pizza and wings were cold. He didn't offer anything to make up for it - reheated the pizza, threw out most of the wings and all of the fries - too cold. Won't retry.
5	Hi I like to thank all workers at this location you Gus doing good jab I will see you next time I will be in Vegas and that will be next week I rally have good time playing drinking and eat so thank you and seeyaaa
3	GroupOn mislead us into believing this was an actual Italian restaurant. It's a bar. It's actually a seedy bar. The tables are in the very back and there's no wait staff. Surprisingly the food was really good. It did take forever to get, but still good. We had pizza, ziti, fingers & fries.So locale is questionable, but the food is decent.
1	Worst food ever. Staff is rude too, after hearing the place had bugs I never went back.
1	Phone number listed on yelp is turned off. Don't waste your time.
