5	I love this store because of all the awesome things I get here. I found natural and crazy colored hair here to make synthetic dreads, I bought wigs here for only $30 (one of the best prices in town for natural looking wigs!) and I have received some great advice from the owner on the options I have regarding coloring my own hair. Very knowledgeable, very friendly and very affordable. There is even a beauticians station in the back, so call if you need to get your hair done. Oh yeah, and you don't need a beautician's license to purchase here... but if you do have one, you'll be getting a discount!
1	I am a licensed Cosmetologist and I came here tonight to buy a blow dryer. This was a bad decision! I bought the Ceramix Xtreme Babyliss Pro blow dryer. I just got home and I opened the box to check out my cool new blow dryer and it's definitely not new! It's all scratched up with I don't know what all over it and there's paint missing on the blue button. Whatever the yucky stuff is, is also all over the cord. TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED. I am definitely going back tomorrow to hopefully get my money back. I uploaded pictures of the blow dryer.
2	This review is for people who have never worn a wig but want to 'try it'. My natural hair is highlighted blond and I wear it fairly short. They didn't have much of a selection for that in stock on the day I went in so I allowed the sales person/manager to convince me a highlighted reddish auburn wig was perfect for me. Two other customers in the store agreed so I was swayed and spent $140. I think I probably did look good in it - if you didn't know me. The change was just too drastic and I could tell by the looks I got from social acquaintances that it wasn't "me" (my husband and favorite waiter at Abuelo's agreed). Everything about the color screamed I was wearing a wig. I know wigs are not returnable but I did want to call the manager and just suggest to her that when dealing with new wig wearers that she doesn't try to convince then that a totally different look works. It doesn't. Now if you are known for the variety of wigs you wear, it's a different story. She was defensive, of course. I certainly wasn't trying to get my money back - just letting her know my experience and I would not be wearing the wig.
2	I am only giving this place 2 stars because there is only one employee that is a professional and she is the ONLY reason why I go there, other than that this place feels like the scene on Menace II Society when the Asian woman follows the guy throughout the store. 07/06/13 at 0930 I went there to buy some hair extensions. The owner was also coming in the shop. I greeted her and she rolled her eyes at me . ( strike 1!)As soon as I went to the back to grab the hair I wanted this young brunette w/ glasses asked me if I needed anything. I told her I was deciding on what color extensions I wanted. And when I tell you she was hovering over me, she was so close that I could smell her breath. Then while I'm going to the next aisle to find  a shampoo....she's literally FOLLOWING ME! ( strike 2)07/08/13 1600 hours I realized I needed 1 more pack of extensions. Just go in , buy, & leave! As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a distant voice. As soon as I walk to the back I hear foot steps moving fast in the other aisle . TA-DAA! The brunette is there FOLLOWING ME as usual. Its really pathetic because she followed me the whole time.Should I use the race card? No but this place is bad business and over priced. Buy online and save your self from tempting to elbow a worker because she is treating you like a thief. (Strike 3! I'm out!)
4	Lashes for days. And 3 bucks a pair. I use the cherry lashes or whatever kind they sell there and use them for my freelance makeup work. There are even some great MAC dupes. I'm determined to find somewhere even cheaper and I'm sure that place resides far into the hood.
5	Dear reviewers reading,First off I'm not a beautician or nail tech I'm just an average joe that loves eyelashes! I love how I found this place it was ton and ton of eyelashes everywhere! They have brands like Cherry or Kiss and those work well with me not many stores carry different styles or human hair eyelashes, but this place does! I fell in love now its so amazing how many they have, and the staff is very friendly and helpful unlike other beauty supplies where the workers follow you around. I like this place now and look forward to coming back next paycheck hahaha.
