3	Tacos.  They are so delicious yet so bad for you.  But at .99 per 2, you can't go wrong after a long night of beer.On a side note, their Asian Grilled chicken salad is good too.
4	Honestly the food is great, although their single burger prices makes one have to buy a meal ($5 for a burger).... I enjoyed the food better than Mickey D's- I wish there was one in the Chicagoland area
4	Quick service, pretty clean, staff was nice.  Not crowded at all @ 6:30p on a Monday.  Better looking than other Jack locations we've been to in the CLT & was easily accessible via wheelchair for my hubby!  We tried the Bourbon BBQ Steak sandwiches -- pretty good, pretty greasy too!Update:  right after I wrote the review last night, more traffic started coming in.  We quickly became the minority by a landslide, and not able to understand anything anyone else was saying.  I thought we time-warped somehow to South of the US border, but we were still in Charlotte.  The cashier at the counter became completely TOO LOUD, carrying on loud, Spanish conversations with some of the patrons.  Most likely better enjoyed via the drive-thru or with earbuds/music.
2	I just don't think the food is that good, I have eaten there 3 or 4 times, nothing special. I'd rate them Behind Wendy's, McD's, BK, Sonic, Hardees, and the local fast food places. I've been to Seattle, it seemed better out there, maybe because they have more customers and the food is fresher. The closed stores dotting the area should give you a clue.
2	the food is fantastic but the customer service leaves alot to be desired. tonight I witness 3 orders in a row including myself turn back around to get the order corrected. Not because we got each-others orders,but because the orders where just wrong.
2	I haven't known Jack in a while. I don't eat his food all that often, preferring Dave Thomas most of the time. So when I stopped in here for the first time in over a decade, I was surprised to see how many different things that they have on their menu - chicken, tacos, burgers, all sorts of stuff. And so I ended up choosing the "Bonus Jack" which is a whole lot like the Big Mac except the sesame seeds on the bun. With a small side of curly fries (they don't have those at McDonald's!), I decided to sit inside and people watch for a bit.So how was it? Looking little like the picture on the menu board, but still a decent fast food sandwich. The cheese wasn't melted. The fries weren't hot. The soda fountain area was untidy. One of the napkin dispensers was empty. But the staff was nice enough when she brought my tray to my table. So that saves Jack from a one star.About ten minutes after I'd gotten my food, there was another shout for a Bonus Jack and curly fries. Yep, they'd made my order twice. Dumb.
4	Had to get a breakfast jack for old time sake.  They don't have these in NY anymore...too bad!
5	I love, love, love, LOVE Jack In The Box!! Sourdough Jack's are the best sandwich on the menu. Employees are always polite, no matter which franchise I go to.
1	Very disappointed!! My very first visit to a Jack in the box and NO ONE even greeted us, not even the employee who was leaving! There was no one up front to take orders. We left and went to Sonics next door for our dinner!!
2	So TOTALLY didn't realize these existed on this side of the country! Stumbled across Jack in the Box while looking for a Starbucks and had to at least try it once!....It was....Meh. The menu was surprisingly big for a fast food place, featuring everything from breakfast items to burgers to tacos to...Chinese food? Yeah...The menu here is a bit random. Perhaps that's the draw? We decided to keep it simple and try a burger and fries. The burger was of the  unimpressive fast food variety but the curly fries were pretty good! Sorta like Arby's. Service was very slow, and kinda lackadaisical. No one greeted us and we waited about five minutes to order despite there being no line. For a few moments there was no one behind the counter at all. I probably won't be back any time soon, especially not this location.
1	Food was ok. Ordered to go. When I got home I saw that the order was wrong and food was missing. I guess you get what you pay for.
