3	This is the warehouse for Walker Furniture - so you go here to pick up your furniture you purchased at the regular store, OR - go and get a better deal on their liquidation items. (Floor samples, last few pieces of item)We got a beautiful end table here for $159 regular $299. My sister also bought her couch from here. It was such a great deal. Leather, black, sleek...regular $2999 (we got it for $1100.)Hint- you can bargin here for a better price. Don't pay the clearance price....offer something less and you will get a better deal!Good service, good prices...good deal yo!
2	Even though this is an 'outlet', the prices are outrageous for furniture that is broken & busted.  The employees are super friendly but the product just isn't up to par.  We were disappointed to find that a scratched end table with a missing drawer knob still cost $90.  I don't think I would pay that much for one end table even if it were in perfect condition!  You are better off going to the regular Walker store & buying new.  You might even get a better deal with some of their holiday sales rather than purchasing from the outlet.
2	Outdated and busted up seems to be the best way to describe this hot house. A friend and I went browsing around the place and found two items within the whole store worth giving a second glance at. There is a low selection of anything that could be considered modern. I even looked for items that were good in structure, but just needed to be reupholstered and found nothing. I will probably come back to scan around since the selection changes frequently.
2	Overpriced for an outlet store!Plenty of sales people to assist you!  Seems like they don't want to sell anything here.  I did see a really  nice sectional, it had 2 recliners, that massage you like at the nail salon.  And 2 more recliners on each end, and it was leather for about $1800.00.  We were looking for a really nice desk chair!  What we found was $250.00!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  A used computer desk chair!  They had a flat screen 45 inch television for $998.00.......REALLY, REALLY!  And someone bought it!  You can go to best buy, walmart or target and get a brand new one out the box for that price!   Anyway, the other store I went to was more affordable for couches, sectionals, headboards ect.  If I'm looking for something, I might go look again, but I doubt it if I will buy anything from here.
1	DO NOT PURCHASE FURNITURE FROM WALKER FURNITURE.We were told they removed the old furniture. Salesman wrote it on the receipt.Large sectional and two chairs.The furniture arrived. We were told they do not remove furniture or help move it out of the way. Sofa was the wrong color.......Had we known we would have arranged for the removal. Had we known. Customer service put us on hold....hung up on us..didn't know what we were talking about.Myself and my 81 year old mother moved the sectional and chairs out of the way.
1	I ordered a sofa on May 24, 2014. Paid a huge $100 delivery fee for it to be delivered on May 27, 2014. I took off work and waited for a call to confirm a window of delivery between 8am and 10pm. Of course the call never came. When I called them I was told there was nothing they could do because the trucks had already gone out for the day. I was transferred to a number with no answer. Tried to call back and no answer on the Delivery extension either. Now paid for a sofa I do not have, paid $100 for delivery that didn't happen, and missed and entire day of work. The most expensive piece of furniture I have every bought...and still don't have.
