5	First of all, what a beautiful salon! The place was very relaxing and modern. Hossai does a fantastic job with color. I definitely recommend seeing her for color and cute.
1	I bought a groupon for this business and have left FOUR voicemails asking to make an appointment. Last Saturday, I finally got ahold of someone who answered the phone by saying "hello?" as if it was a cell phone or a home phone, not a business. Pretty unprofessional. When I asked to make an appointment for the next Monday, she stated they were booked for 2 weeks. When I said I was hoping to be seen sooner the girl stated "Well you're using a groupon, so other customers have priority scheduling." I asked to speak to a manager, the girl said she was Nancy, but Nancy was not in the office. I just hung up. I have left voicemails asking to be called back but nothing. Completely unprofessional. Why have a groupon offer if you will look down to the customers who purchase it? Snobby and unprofessional business practices!
1	Well... Blo Salon has done it again!After purchasing services for Blo Salon through Groupon, I made an appointment.  When I got to my appointment the salon was closed.  I called the salon and left a message.  I also called Sophia's cell number and left a message.  After this happened I went online and found out on Yelp that this seems to be Blo Salon's mode of operation.  Apparently they are not responsive.  I am not sure if it is the Groupon deal that they are not responsive to or if Blo Salon's has poor business acumen which includes inept employees/representatives/owners.  In any case no calls were returned until a Facebook review was posted.  They subsequently removed this posting.  Reimbursement from Groupon was also requested.When I finally did get the returned call from Sophia at Blo Salon, Sophia claimed that she had lost her key and did not have my phone number to call and reschedule. She was concerned that the owners would be upset and wanted to schedule my appointment immediately.  Because I did not have my work schedule, I told Sophia that I would call her back when I did have my schedule.  I also told Groupon that it appeared to be "just one of those things" and that I would go ahead and keep the Groupons.Here we are 9 days later and after leaving several messages with Sophia and at the salon, I finally got an appointment scheduled for today, July 17, 2014, at 11:00a.m.Guess what?? Blo Salon was closed!! This has now cost me $148 in Groupons, 1/2 tank of gas and time.Way to go Blo Salon!!!!!
