5	I have been complaining about my knives for a while.  They have become dull and lifeless.  Well they got new life!!!  My boyfriend I frequent the Phoenix Public Market and Farmers Market on Saturdays.  Matthew had seen an ad that they offer knife sharping while you shop.This morning I woke with a mission - MUST GET KNIFES ROCKIN AGAIN.  What a great find.  We were greeted by a young gentleman and when speaking to him, you can tell knows his stuff.  He gives you a little laminate number and you can shop while he sharpens your knives.  We had 6 knives sharpened all sizes and lengths for $30, and we really only need twice a year.  They looked great!  He puts the tips in a wine cork to prevent them from cutting anything and wraps them in thick plain newswrap.I highly recommend and the location is great.  Win - win, a little shopping, dog friendly, wine bar, farmers market and food trucks - come out and new knives - I drove straight home and started cooking again.
4	There is nothing like a dull knife to ruin your day (or a perfectly good cooking session).  What a convenient cure for such a frustrating problem.Sharpvan is at the downtown market on Saturdays and we stopped by check it out.  This guy knows his stuff and seems to be able to sharpen just about anything.  He also has a nice selection of knives aboard.   We dropped of 2 knives on our way in to the market and they were sharp and ready to go by the time we left - wrapped up with the tips stuck in a cork to prevent any mishaps on transport.  Now our knives are sharp and good as new.
5	Professional work and very accommodating. Love that this business provides great customer service. Will absolutely be using again!!
5	I found a flyer for this sharpening service at Von Hansons market. Though I've been burned by other 'knife sharpeners' in the past who have used grinding wheels and other machines that altered the temper of the steel, I thought I would give his service a try. Since he is mobile, we connected by phone and determined when he would be near me. Since I have become distrustful of knife sharpeners from past experiences, I was a little skeptical ( but hopeful )I dropped off three cheapo Farberware knives (an 8" chef, 4" & 3.5" paring), my pride and joy  7" Shun Santoku, and my 15+ year old Benchmade Emerson CQC7 folding pocket knife. Holy honed edges Batman! Although he uses an abrasive belt, every knife was sharpened to perfection! I'm a bit OCD  when it comes to the quality of my blades and he did not disappoint! I've been cooking more in the past few days than ever just because of how much easier and fun it is to use my cutlery!I dropped my knives off with him in a restaurant parking lot in Chandler, ran an errand at the bank, and stopped by roughly an hour later and they were all ready. If you have a bit more money than time and skill, look him up. ~40 bucks for 5 knives coming back razor sharp is a treat!
5	I have been using Jeremy's sharpening services to sharpen my dog grooming blades and scissors or a couple years now and I'm very happy I found him.  He is one of the most knowledgeable people I have encountered in his industry and always does a superb job. He comes highly recommended!
