5	A favorite spot for lunch on the weekends.  You order up your food in a little farmhouse.  Pick from a selection of farm fresh sandwiches, salads, soups, and fresh baked goods.  Everything is very good.  Then grab a picnic table in the pecan grove and enjoy the fresh air, Arizona sunshine, and serene view of South Mountain stretching before you.  This is a great place to take the whole family.  The kids can run around and play while you enjoy a meal out.  A perfect day in the country without having to leave the city.
4	We stayed near the airport in Phoenix on a trip to spring training in March, and this restaurant/farm was nearby. There are three different "eateries" on the farm premises, from a counter that sells sandwiches & baked goods (the scones are SO good... I got some to go and munched on them all weekend long) to the Morning Glory Cafe, where we sat outside and had a fresh, delicious brunch. The berry/yogurt granola and the breakfast burrito were perfect. There's another, fancier indoors/sit-down restaurant, Quiessence, too.We walked around the farm grounds afterwards and observed folks at work - they were very friendly and explained what they were doing and what they were growing.Minus one star primarily b/c I've only been here once -- parking signage was a little confusing, too, and our pleasant walk was somewhat interrupted by drivers that zipped up the main road (possibly others who were confused about parking?) leaving clouds of dust in front of us to walk through. But little matter!
5	We went to the Farm to check out the Farmer's Market and go to lunch.  It was amazing.  I can't believe this is only 15 minutes from my cookie cutter stucco house.  It's almost hard to believe it's even in Phoenix - though to a native like me, it's just one more reason to remember why Phoenix is so great.  When most folks used to think of South Phoenix they thought of crime, blight and anything else associated with being on the "wrong" side of the tracks.  Sure, there may have been areas right next to downtown that were like that, but most of South Phoenix was all farming community.  While some of this still exists - especially near and in Laveen - most of these farm plots were sold off during the years to individuals for their own homes - and any of the large lots were sold off to developers in the last 10-15 years or so.  Most of these became mass produced houses (like mine) or shopping centers.  The Farm is off of 32nd street (with property stretching back almost to 24th street) between Baseline and Southern.   To put this in perspective - there is a huge Target/Fry's/Ross/Applebee's kind of complex at 24th and Baseline - and the South Mountain Community College is just North of that on 24th.  At 32nd and Baseline there is the Raven Golf course, with lots of condos all around it.  That all seems a whole world away once you pull in to The Farm.I'm attaching some pictures from their web site www.thefarmatsouthmountain.com.  I've been only to one of the restaurants so far - The Farm Kitchen which is their lunch spot.  But I plan to visit Morning Glory soon.  All the stores are amazing - and it's so cool to see where it all grows.  As we walked by the gardens it was great to see some kids (and adults) having the process explained to them of how they grow the food organically here - and it could end up at one of their restaurants, in one of the nicer restaurants in the valley, or sold at their Farmers market to be eaten in their own home.Check out their menus online.  Yes - it's a bit pricey.  I was hesitant that I'd think it was "worth it".  But oh it was.  I can't explain it any better than stealing from a commercial - You can TASTE the freshness!  Everything just tasted so much better.  Not that the atmosphere didn't help - but it wasn't the only factor.  One interesting thing to mention - pets are ok.  There were two folks there who brought their dogs.  The doggies seemed quite happy to have some run around space (leashed of course) and then a nice meal by a picnic bench.  I'm planning to go again - bringing lots of friends and family at different times.  I'd love to try out their yoga and/or gardening classes too! This will definitely be on the short list of places a visitor needs to go when visiting from out of town.  Better yet though - it's one of the few places you can go in town and feel like you took a day trip out of the valley.
5	A favorite spot for lunch on weekends?!?!?! God.  I hate you guys. This restaurant makes me want to move to Tempe!!!!!!!!  Does not compare to ONE, not even ONE sandwich place I can think of in the east bay.  I got the Pecan chicken salad sandwich and Billy got the steak sandwich, hands down, best sandwich this side of the fucking mississippi.  All outdoor seating, so be forewarned, if the weather is not good, you'll have to maybe escape to an air conditioned car somewhere to enjoy your mayo while it's still good.One thing I just can't understand...  We were steered to this place by two peeps at the Fry's down the street after atleast five minutes of head scratch.  Now wait one goshdern second people!!!  How could you even question the all supreme sandiwch gods when it comes to the caliber of this place????  Please.  If I worked at a Fry's nearby, this place would be my fucking fall back plan in a second.  I'll stop now.
5	We went for brunch on the recommendation of some friends that live in the area.  What a great choice!  The setting is fantastic....you're just outside in a great little garden area.  And the food was amazing.  I'm a bit of a champagne nut (I think I mention champagne in every review I write....) and I loved the fact that they give you a mini bottle and a mini carafe of oj to mix yourself!  I also found it funny that the woman at the table next to ours used all of her OJ and I used only a little bit....mmmmm...its just to color, right? ;)
4	The Farm is a 12-acre organic oasis in the heart of inner-city monotony. Although the admission to the Farm is free, eating and/or shopping here will set you back a few pesos. View the lush gardens and pecan grove, browse for antiques, shop the farmer's market for freshly baked bread and organic vegetables. Foodies can choose from three on-site restaurants at the farm, including sandwiches and scones to die for.
5	this place is great, but i am partial to anywhere that offers outside dining possibilities. actually, it's only outside dining, picnic tables, to be exact.the Farm is just that, with an attached lunch counter to get chicken salad sandwiches with pecans, both fresh from on site. Tons of tall, shady trees, picnic tables and wandering ducks and birds to delight the kiddies.
5	This is some CLASSY brunch.  I love it.Hot damn, it was warm this morning, but not enough to make a difference on a 5-star place like The Farm at South Mountain.  I was in a rush to try this place out this weekend before it closed.  (FYI, it closes every summer from June - September.)You pull up to the place in the midst of this vast city of ours to find a huge, and shady (in a good way) farm before you.  At the Morning Glory Cafe, the small menu has just the right mix of items to please just about anyone.  Lots of veggie options to be had here, btw (Bonnie would DROOL with desire here).The food is really incredible.  They had my favorite dish on the menu - croque madame.  It had eggs, and some delicious asiago cheese and black forest ham on some crusty artisanal bread.  Ahh.  It was missing the bechamel sauce, but it made up for it with freshly-grown asparagus.  How did they know that's my favorite veggie?  I attribute it to kismet, of course.  It was accompanied by some terrific oven roasted potatoes baked in some spices and oil.  Nice...The patio is cute in a rustic way.  Think checker tablecloths and white plastic chairs.  Not exactly sexy, but hey, it fits in the grand scheme of the farm.  They have a self serve area for water, lemonade and tea.  The mimosas here are the best part.  For only $7.50 you get your own mini champagne bottle and orange juice.  So you're getting the better end of the bargain with about a mimosa and a half! Service here was a bit slow to start.  But after paying the check I spot a wandering blueberry scone that is calling my name.  (Even better, is their scones are featured in Cooking Light magazine too.  Man I love this place.) So I give in, place an order and ask for it to go.  She brings it out.  I ask to pay in cash, since she already ran my debit card, and she says "Don't worry about it."  CLASSY.  Classy, with a C.  The scone was DELICIOUS, btw.  Nice touch, and I leave her an extra tip for it. Prices are higher than average for Phoenix.  Expect to throw down about $40 for two.  But let me tell ya, that will be the best $40 you've spent in a while. I am now eager to try the other restaurants here.  Now if only September would hurry up and arrive....
4	Great sandwiches and a BEAUTIFUL atmosphere. The Farm is a perfect place to spend an afternoon with a huge group or just one special person. If you're going, try to reserve some extra time, there's a lot of nice walking to be done and it's just not worth going if you can't relax and enjoy the environment.A couple words of caution: Don't bother going in the summer. The whole experience is about being outside and, well...Also (and this is the restaurant's only real downfall) the sandwiches are PRICEY! Most average around $10 and that's before you add on a side or drink.
4	The Farm is a perfect place for a romantic picnic, a group, a family, and I imagine even an escape if you want some alone time... the grounds are well kept and beautiful.  Dog friendly also.The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because they run out of salads that are on the menu if you get there later in the afternoon... (I guess they only make a certain # of salads per day so if you snooze, you lose!)  However, sandwiches are made to order and delicioius...  The iced tea is really good here, and so are all of the deserts.  Since it's located so close to South Mountain, I recommend going for a hike before and working up an appetite before heading over to the Farm for lunch.There are picnic tables, or you can bring a blanket.  I went with a group of people last weekend and we brought a football to play catch... we had a blast!  Make sure you call ahead for their hours of operation.  As I recall, they close at 3pm on Sundays and they will kick you out if they have to because I think there is a gate or fence they close as well.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I was introduced to it when a couple of friends of mine got married here.  I am still impressed by it five years later.  There are a few eating options here, a couple of restaurants and a large picnic area.  It's an oasis in the middle of south Phoenix.  The area around it is nice too, the old farming lifestyle all around.  If you weren't around in Phoenix twenty years ago, you can see the type of farming pockets that used to exist in more frequency around the city.  The only thing missing is an orange orchard with the trees painted white at the trunks.
3	The Farm at South Mountain was the recent cite of a Mom playdate my friend and I scheduled when it happened that both of our moms were in town over the same weekend.  We went to the breakfast place, which worked out well because I probably would have lost my mom to baby fever if we'd gone to the lunch spot, as there were several tables of baby shower celebrations set up there.  I thought the food was alright, but not great.  I loved the fruit salad that my mom ordered and thought that the mint syrup was an innovative touch that really classed up a pretty standard assortment of melon.  The egg burrito thing I ordered was on the rubbery side.  I'd definitely go again.  If only for the mini bottles of champagne.   It is nice to sit outside and look at all the flowers and eaves drop on the young couples and watch all the baby shower guests cart huge gift bags from the parking lot across the street to gingham covered tables under the shade trees.  I hope Del Web or some other super developer doesn't purchase all the surrounding land and totally ruin the illusion or originality and quaintness created by a brunch at the Farm.
4	The grounds were so green and peaceful that the food came second to the environment. I tried the still-warm-out-of-the-oven cranberry-walnut scone and the American Breakfast. The scone was definitely a do-again, but I think I will pass on the applewood smoked bacon next time. I also tasted the waffle, and I would order it just for the blossom honey whipped cream alone...it's fantastically light and delicious. The coffee was okay, but it was on the acidic side, and not really worth the $2.25. Nonetheless, the service was great and the walk around the gardens was inspiring. If you check out the chicken coop, don't touch the fence - it's electric.
4	Yumminess of all yumminess!  Fresh sandwiches!  Crisp salads!  Delicious cookies!  My friend and I ate at the Farm Kitchen around 2PM on a Sunday and all the ready-made salads and baked goods, sans bars, were 50% off!I enjoyed my chicken pesto sandwich and garlic soup, but my favorite part of the meal was the chocolate chip cherry cookie.  They make a mean pecan pie too!There's only outdoor seating, which I'm sure is normally fine, but it was pretty chilly the day we went.
5	This is about the ONLY reason I miss my old job: it was right around the corner from "The Farm".The first time I went, I thought it was so peaceful to be in a city!  I love the outdoor picnic tables and their potato salad is to die for!  It reminds me of my small town back East.  Friendly, open-air, with good, homemade food.
4	Very "neat" place.  My neighbor/friend Melissa works there ... she's a cute little neo-hippy and an obsessive organic farmer. So I assure you that the food is locally grown and organic.  She a vegan and sometimes she has to chase chickens (that cracks me up).Nothing here is deep fried or drenched in grease, so it's not really my kinda place.  Then again I'm certainly not your typical diner.  No doubt, NORMAL people would LOVE this place
5	I took my out-of-town visitor here based on the rave reviews other yelpers gave it and, let me just say, there was no disappointment!  It was a bit chilly because we had to eat outside in mid-January, but they had heat lamps out to make sure people didn't freeze their arses off (however, it would be wise to bring a jacket depending on how sensitive to cold ya are).As soon as we got there, a nice young waitress brought out a basket of scones and muffins in case we wanted to buy any for $2.95.  I had some kind of almond sweet delicious-ness of a muffin and it was well worth the 3 bucks.  I then ordered a la carte and had eggs and rosemary taters.  My friend had a mushroom and tomato omelette.  Boy did we enjoy ourselves.  It was a very pleasant, airy, light-hearted kind of environment, complete with little finches chirping and flitting about here and there as if you were in the movie "Willow" or something.  My friend couldn't deny the finches crumbs from her tasty herbed biscuit.  If it were me, I woulda scarfed down the whole thing and said to hell with the finches. Either way, we both had a wonderful time.  It was a great way to end her visit to Arizona before her flight back to North Carolina.  Although the prices were a little bit on the higher side (hovering around 10 bucks a dish, including bottomless coffee), it was well worth it.  And it's also refreshing to visit a breakfast place that actually attempts to be organic and doesn't deep-fry everything it serves.
5	YUM!There's not much which hasn't already been said.  I had brunch/breakfast with my fiance, a friend, and an out of towner with his friend.  We had breakfast at the Morning Glory Cafe and it was delicious!  Three of us had mimosas (Thanks Kristin for the tip on those - they were delicious and too cute with the individual bottles) and the serve yourself beverage bar was convenient.  I had french toast with a side of potatoes and my fiance had the monte cristo with a side of bacon.  I would recommend both entrees.  We both ate all of our food (which was a lot) and didn't feel overly full, which was nice.  The potatoes were delicious and the bacon was so-so.  You would think for $2.50 you would get 3-4 thick, juicy slices of bacon.  Instead, you get 2 kinda puny, nothing-to-write-home-about strips.The atmosphere is fun and earthy.  Too bad it was overcast and a little chilly.  Otherwise, it would have been perfect.  It's a nice setting in the midst of "the farm" complete with veggies growing and chickens in the coop (beware of the smell folks if you wander in that direction).  There are also other vendors selling art, jewelery, and other pieces.  My favorite was watching the man selling bread.  He seemed like the nicest man and was so happy to pair a person with the perfect loaf.  My fiance didn't get that from watching him, but I could tell.  We went over to buy some bread and he was in fact one of the most genuinely jolly people I've met - and I don't use the word "jolly" very often, but it fits him perfectly.  He had us smell the asiago loaf, introduced us to the jalapeno Cheddar, and finally sold us on the rosemary with sea salt.  It was $7, which I would normally think is ridiculous, but for as often as I'll probably make it out here, I bet I'll buy a loaf from him every time if he's around.  The happy bread guy is worth the last star for me.
5	The Morning Glory Cafe is excellent.  My boyfriend took me here for the first time to meet some of his family, and I just fell in love.  I like the atmosphere and the food is hearty.  I scheduled a morning brunch with all of my girlfriends there a few weeks ago and it went off without a hitch.  The staff is great!
5	love love love it! What a quaint little piece of heaven. Located south phoenix...I wasn't sure what this place would look like as we kept driving south but as we walked onto the property it felt as if you were no longer in the big overcrowded city. We went to the morning glory cafe for breakfast. The food was wonderful and the presentation was great! I highly recommend it. It would make a wonderful place for a baby or wedding shower!!
4	Totally can not talk crap about this place. There was no line today at all, food is very tasty and fresh, service is nice. Quite interesting experience if you have not been there and absolutely worth checking out.Not 5 starts for price and upkeep - i feel both cold be somewhat better."I like"Eugene
5	Being that this place is on the South Mountain side of Phoenix, near where we were staying, with not one other place around us that YELPers recommended, we knew this would be on our to do list for our trip. The place is not open on Mondays and breakfast has limited hours during the week. There are three separate restaurant/eating areas on the farm. The lunch area is close to 32nd street with a canopy covered area and then lots of picnic tables deeper into the property. Back deep into the property there is a breakfast place, Morning Glory and the dinner restaurant, whose name eludes me right now. We dropped in for breakfast (almost missed it.)We were able to seat ourselves and chose an umbrella covered table to stay out of the sun. The red and white checkered table cloths were very cute and very gave the whole area a homey feeling. Drinks here are serve yourself and you can just walk up and get what you like. (Try the lemonade/iced tea combo, aka. an Arnold Palmer, yummy. )The wait staff were very nice and friendly. They asked where we were from and made a little conversation. SG got the French toast and I got a simple egg dish. The setting was gorgeous. I am not sure how it would be on a summer day in Phoenix, but March was perfect, especially with umbrellas to cover from the sun. Our food arrived fairly quickly. My dish was straight forward but good. SG's French toast was to die for. It was homemade bread, very thick and super good. The lunch place was absolutely packed. This was a Thursday and the line was really long. Tons of mom's with little kids and people who look like they were on lunch break from work nearby. Food is served in baskets and then you can take it to your table. It seemed to be more like sandwiches and sides. I do not think there are servers, only counter service, and mostly it appeared to be cold foods. We did not get a chance to eat here. I have rated this place a 5 because the place is just such a great setting. All of the eating areas seemed to have great setups for groups, families, and couples. A designated room is set up for rental and parties. I think this would be a pretty great place to get married too and have the reception. Ifr only it had been in CA.
5	We've been twice now for Sunday brunch, most recently yesterday when we took my in-laws, and both times have been fabulous. It's amazing that a place so serene and beautiful exists in the middle of a metropolitan area.  Both times we have had to wait, but nothing too long. Yesterday there were some vendors set up outside Morning Glory Cafe, so my inlaws shopped a bit while waiting.The food is absolutely delicious! I love how they use fresh and seasonal products, which I think makes it even better.  The American breakfast is standard breakfast but enough food to make me full without being stuffed. My husband had the belgian waffle yesterday and let me have a bite...it was awesome. Plus the whipped cream they give you with it is so light and refreshing...needless to say I ate the rest of it when he was done!  My mother-in-law loved her eggs benedict and had to give half to my father-in-law because the portions were so large. My father-in-law had the chicken enchalidas...delicious! Everyone at the table snagged some...the tomatillo sauce was so flavorful.  I love how they give you your own mini champagne bottle for mimosas.  I'm not sure what the final bill was because my father-in-law paid, but the first time we went for brunch, I think it was around $50 for my husband and I with tip.After eating, make sure to wander around the property. The Artist's Studio and The Cottage are very cute and full of art and jewelry for sale.  We met the artist in residence yesterday and she was super nice. The artists in residence change every so often, so each time you go, you'll likely see something new.
5	Trying to figure out what to have for breakfast - not really wanting the the usual hotel fare of sausage, scrambled eggs and french toast that's been sitting on a warming table. Talking with S on the phone this morning and he's on Yelp looking for unique places for me to check out that's in close proximity to my hotel. He mentions the Farm at South Mountain - it sounds intriguing, so why not? It sounds so much better than what was being offered at the hotel.The Farm at South Mountain is one of Phoenix's gems...When I first arrived, I wasn't quite sure what to make of the place.  I took a walk down the little road towards the back end of the property. Here you will find an open grassy area with shade trees and rows of picnic tables and space enough for kids to run and stretch out their legs. There's also an expansive organic garden with rows of vegetables and flowers which I understand supplies the cafes that are on site with all their fresh produce. A little further behind the garden, the Morning Glory Cafe serves breakfast, The Retreat - a place for massages, facials, Reiki and mid-wife counseling, and the Cottage - a place for local artists to display and showcase their artwork.After I had breakfast at the Morning Glory Cate (that's another review) I spent some time at the artists studio looking over the work of some very talented artists.The lunch spot is the Farm Kitchen which is located towards the entrance of the complex. By the time I walked toward the entrance, the Farm Kitchen was bustling with the lunch crowd. I didn't get lunch, but from what I could tell, everything looked fresh and yummy. I stopped in to pick up some fruit, some bakery goods and a drink while waiting for the hotel shuttle to come pick me up. The Farm at South Mountain is a great place to find respite from the hustle and bustle of the city - even for a short while.
5	This is the cutest and yummiest place! Came here for a sat afternoon birthday party for my friends kids. It is sosososo cute!  They have double rows of picnic tables, and trees. Then several small places to eat, gardens, (you can buy fresh eggs in diff colors! and other veggies/fruits dep on what is in season). There is a little house with art exhibits. When we went, they were showcasing a local artist, and had an exhibit where you go through close-lines of white linen sheets. Just like the movies. Never did that before. That day, they had fresh bread baked and sold there.  It was so charming, and so cute.  I think there were 2-3 bridal showers and 2 other birthday parties. We had a great time. And the food was sooo good (we had a steak sandwich and fresh lemonade and apple pie.  yummm)
4	Best veggie sandwich ever?  One of the tasty vegetables was orange, so I think it was a sweet potato or possibly a carrot, no matter it was awesome.  Bread was soft and fresh,(I've almost broken teeth on some of the other really hard bread here before). I find the service counter a little odd, it doesn't flow very well.Hurry up and go here people before it gets too hot!!!
4	Thanks to Mercy B...I stopped by this place for lunch at the Farm while I was in Phoenix.  I had the albacore tuna sandwich which had jicama in it! I've never heard of such a thing, but I have to tell you it was delicious! We sat out at the picnic tables soaking up the rays eating our sandwiches and drinking the homemade lemonade which wasn't too sweet or sour...just the way I like it! : )The Farm's menu consists of sandwiches and salads..but boy, do they have tons of little "treats"!  Cookies, tarts, pies, and so much more...but only one that caught my eye was the this thing I'm calling the "Coconut Ball"! It looked sooo good and was looking forward to getting one after my lunch..but I was too full! BOO!!  So if anyone stops by that place and tries it, you'll have to report how good it was! : )  - I'd definitely stop by here again the next time I'm down this way!
5	seriously, this is the best place in arizona for breakfast. you can't beat the great outdoor seating, fun little market shopping and the mimosas and bloody marys! what makes this place pretty special is that they grow a lot of the veggies right on property.
5	This is a great place to take out-of-town visitors.  Just be prepared to take a nap afterward...all of the fresh air, beautiful scenery and delicious food makes you sleepy!  The ambiance is unique; it's all outdoor seating at picnic tables under pecan trees.  Your meal is served in a basket and the food is very tasty.  You can buy fresh vegetables, unique gifts or go for a stroll through a botanical garden.  I highly recommend dining at The Farm at South Mountain!
4	This is a great place to picnic, bring out of town visitors, bring the dog, even bring some obnoxious children. Just don't bring them all at the same time.There are so many reviews, I'll just add a few quick things.The soup and sandwiches are probably the better things on the menu(although the bread can be hard), I agree with the others who said the counter line does not flow well, especially if you need a refill. (bring your own chest of drinks)I've had several of the desserts and they were absolutely gross, especially the Pecan Pie ( I Make the Best) the blueberry pie used canned blueberry goo= Yuck, not impressed by the bread pudding or carrot cake either, the butternut squash creme brule' was quite tasty though.Basically it's more about the scenery and having your own picnic, Heck you could even bring your own food if you wanted. In fact you should.I haven't been to the back of the farm but I understand they have a breakfast restaurant with waiter service and a nice dinner place too, along with a few other shops.
4	Jen and I walked down a long mulched farm road lined by trees.  It felt as if we weren't in Phoenix anymore.  Well, except for the burning desert sun overhead.On the farm road there were a handful of dining options.  Our selection was Morning Glory Cafe.There were lots of cute outdoor tables, some with umbrellas, scattered in a little garden courtyard.  Servers were mulling about offering muffins and scones from large baskets as you looked over your menu.  Unlike bread at many restaurants these carbs ain't free.  we were told to help ourselves to drinks.  Nearby, there were spigotted vessels with coffee, water, lemonade, and a unsweetened flavoured iced tea.  Again, you will be charged for these later.Perusing the menu, we were torn because everything looked delicious. There were a handful of omelettes, eggs benedict, french toast, and even a french toast monte cristo.  You could also order beverages not on spigot, like fresh squeezed oj and mimosas (i think these were $7.50) from this menu.Sticking with self-serve drinks, Jen ordered a South Mountain Omelette which came with rosemary roasted potatoes and an herb biscuit.  I ordered morning glory benedict minus the ham, which came with accoutrement of rosemary potatoes but no biscuit.  It seemed like our food came a few minutes after ordering it.  It was the fastest service I have ever experienced.Jen's omelette had green peppers, red peppers, snap peas, tomatoes, swiss chard, and farmer's cheese ontop,  She said, "This is the best omelette ever."  My eggs benedict (i'm a fan of benedicts) had perfectly poached eggs voluptuously mounting a tomato, on an english muffin bed, a dark green blanket of spinach draped over shoulders, and one of the best hollandaises ladeled ontop of it all.  It was delicious.  Also delicious was the rosemary roasted potatoes.  However, the biscuit was incredibly dry, so it was like mixing Quickrete(r) in yo mouf. (yes, i just said yo mouf)It was very good food overall though with the eggs coming straight outta the hen house a few yards away and the veggies hailing from the equidistant farmer's market.  These fresh local ingredients make a big difference.Morning Glory Cafe would make a great place to take out of town guests, family, bedheaded lovers, or hungover friends.
3	Being 72, I felt my parents tremble a bit when I said I was taking them to the "farm". Growing up in the midwest, it wasnt rare to hear "somebody bought the farm". This did not mean an uncle decided to purchase a ranch, but rather, met his maker, is now six feet under or my favorite, "he's in a better place now." That said, my folks were delighted at our Farm experience. It's always a challenge getting dad a plain sandwich in any restaurant but they were very accommodating. Mom and I both enjoyed our turkey sandwiches and the ice tea is extra good. Maybe it's brewed in the sun. That would be very farm-like, no? Now, I get the whole theme here with the picnic tables and all. Just not a big fan of it myself. That, and walking on grass. Ewww! But it's called the Farm and not the City, so no points docked for that. Really a unique Phoenix experience with a gift shop, walking trails and the smell of dirt. So hitch up your tractor and git on down to the Farm.
3	Cute cute spot and a fun idea... but I cannot get past the fact that even with plastic silverware, picnic style containers... and no servers, our bill was astronomical.  Be careful how much you get!Anyway, the soup was the best part.  The bread was ridiculously hard on my sandwich.  The Pecan Pie was gelatin-ish and weird.But it is fun to sit outside in this nice space.
2	it is a place that everyone wants to like just because of its topography.Yes it is different from most here in AZ. Nice and peaceful. But I can find that in my back yard. I do not think the food is too spiffy. My sandwich bread was so hard it came close to cutting my gums and yes I do have healthy gums. The taste was of no particular flavour to the point that I can not remember what I ate. I get the feeling the customers are trying to hard too. This place is just not for me.
4	BOTTOM LINE: I love the soup & sandwiches. I can bring my dog.
5	Really great, really fresh food.  Definitely on the pricey side, but if you don't go too often, it's not a huge deal.  Outdoor seating is nice, and the Fall/Winter/Spring weather in Phoenix makes it really pleasant.  They aren't open in the summer, FYI.
3	If you go at the right time of the yr everything is in bloom and it is soo pretty. I went there the first time and ate the french toast which is amazing!,Now heres were they lost a star. I ate breakfast there and I got egg whites and some other stuff. I went back to my hotel, about 3 hours later I had the 2nd worste food poisoning. I was in the bathroom the whole day and couldnt leave the next day for check out. I in no way could drive back w/o using a bathroom in 5 mins.I lost about 5 lbs so they earned that star back ;)
4	I've been going to the Farm at South Mountain for a few years now. Its been a favorite place for me to take people when I just want to relax and enjoy the beauty of the outdoors. The ambience of this place is quaint and serene. And a tip for the guys, this is THE place to go if you want to impress a lady friend. They'll be so impressed that you picked such a cute and beautiful place. Trust me. ;-)The food here is nothing spectacular, though you'd never know it from the price. As other reviewers have said, the sandwiches and salads from here are above average in price and just barely above average in taste and flavor. That being said, I think that some of their sandwiches are great ideas and actually have quite fresh ingredients. I love a chicken salad sandwich that actually has chuncks of chicken in it and not just a trace of what could have at one time been chicken. The best part of the meal could possibly be the little baskets that they put your food in. But, like I said, they food isn't bad, but its not spectacular for the price you pay. I highly recommend this restaurant that is so much more than a restaurant. From the trees and picnip benches to the little shop in the back to the gardens, this place is an oasis in a hectic city.
4	Morning Glory offers great French toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8rlTOw0IA1TENURMBJpaXw?select=-4feMjhfMVa68yPeJJeZ1Q#-4feMjhfMVa68yPeJJeZ1Q and good omelettes.  The Farm Kitchen sells great sandwiches and a few tasty pastry selections.  Side salads are pricy considering the size portions.  Haven't had a chance to dine at Quiessence, yet, but I've read great reviews.BTW, one can also get massages here at The Retreat!  I've never been, but there is a sign that says "by appointment only."  There used to be a giftshop where one can buy natural beauty and skin products, but that's long gone (I used to get e-newsletters).  Those products used to be sold at a location next to the vegetarian/vegan restaurant that used to be on Goldman and 5th in Scottsdale, but that also closed a year or two ago...
4	Oh, I'm a fan.  Ever since we moved out from Washington, DC - three years ago and stumbled on this green oasis in the midst of all the brown.  Anytime I miss the East Coast,  we visit the Farm at South Mountain.  It turns out that The Farm is convenient to us as well.  But I'm happy to know that folks come from all over the Valley to enjoy the ambiance.We love the breakfast.  YOU HAVE TO TRY THE MONTE CRISTO breakfast sandwich - it's a little slice of heaven (actually it's a huge, gimundo slide of french toast stuffed with an egg, ham, and swiss - except the description is a little fancier than what I've outlined ).We've been going religiously for three years - almost every weekend when they are open.   The wait staff seems to revolve frequently- which is sad, because I love it when people know my name (it makes me feel special).
3	I have always enjoyed the atmosphere at the Farm. The menu is served cafeteria style so its quick service. My favorite part is finding a seat amongst the pecan tree orchard at a picnic table - makes me feel like Im at a picnic. If you visit at the right time of year - all of the foliage is bloomingA little bit of a drive for me - but when has that ever stopped me!??Everytime I eat there though - I have not been impressed by the food. The salads ok....the pastries have you salivating while in line but nothing special.Its too bad because they get the thumbs up on everything else.
4	This was a cool little restaurant with a great option to eat out under the trees. I loved their soup!
4	"I would give the location 5 stars and the restaurant 3, so we're at 4 stars overall.I went with hubski and a couple of friends for a nice weekend picnic. The experience would have been a 5-star one if we had brown-bagged it, but as it was, we purchased food from the quaint little house-converted-to-restaurant. Hubski and I shared a veggie sandwich and a peach pie thing. Tasty, but most definitely overpriced. The iced tea was tasty and refreshing, but still, sharing a meal with a drink each, it should have been less money.I'll go back for the ambiance. It's definitely kid and dog friendly, but we'll bring a big blanket, some kid toys, a dog or three, and lunch in a brown bag... we'll still buy pastries though."
2	An interesting venue - definitely mixed feelings re. this review - take it with a grain of salt if you want to visit, but otherwise, consider other options if you have them.Joan and I were visiting her sister in Phoenix, and, to be honest, we had no idea where to go and consulted Yelp.  This place came up first for breakfast in the rankings, and I'm not surprised.  I don't know much about Phoenix, but relative to my standards of NY/LA, there's not much there.  We were very happy to drive up to the farm, park, and sit down at a very nice table in a beautiful, popular, semi-rustic setting.  The weather was perfect and the atmosphere delightful.  Service was also great to start, coffee was self-serve and tasty too  ...... if only the food had been good as well.  I hate to give two stars, but Joan's frittatta was straight-up cold and rubbery.  Doesn't get much worse than that - the waitstaff warned us that it was 'served at room temperature,' but seemed like that was all-too-subtle code for 'just don't order this - it's bad.'  Wish they had just said that.I had Eggs Benedict and it was so-so OK, but not good enough to balance it all out.  In the end, the waitstaff switched through shifts too and they messed up the bill, so that didn't help either.  But more than anything it was the mediocre food that earned the two stars here - I hope they improve it, as the setting was delightful, but until they do I can't recommend the place.  (As an alternative, though...what else, exactly, is in Phoenix?)
3	Love to go for brunch on Sunday's. The food is always great but the service can be slow. If you're not in a hurry, enjoy the atmosphere...that's half the reason you should go there. They are supposed to have great bloody mary's however last time we were there they ran out of their mix and instead of telling us they ran out, they made a new mix with whole tomatoes. Although I give them credit for improvising I couldn't even drink through the straw it was so thick! It also had absolutely no flavor.  I ended up paying for a whole tomato in a glass even after I told the waitress I was unhappy with the drink. The food was delicious!
3	The service here is spotty and inattentive.  We actually had to remind our waitress twice to bring us our silverware.  Also, the breakfast skillet I ordered was less than hearty.  It came out in a mini iron skillet and was about the size of my palm.  For the price, I would have expected a far healthier portion.  The pretty outdoor setting is what makes me give these guys 3 stars instead of 2.
3	Awww...this place is really, really cute. I was introduced to the Farm when a friend held their wedding reception in the courtyard. It was beautiful and the food was delish. The restaurant is great, but when I took friends here for lunch it wasn't exactly what i had expected. The sandwiches were fairly overpriced for what they were, the drinks were even pricier.  You have to order your food up at the front instead of being waited on and even though it was quite busy, I still found the staff to be aloof and inattentive.If you're looking for a place to bring mom or to have brunch with girlfriends, the setting alone is enough of a reason to bring them to the Farm...otherwise I would suggest somewhere else if you're looking for a an everyday breakfast or lunch spot.
3	We only had breakfast/ brunch at the Morning Glory, so i can't comment on any other feature of the Farm- Cute place; looks like a small, family-run farm- loads of picnic tables (and as we were driving out around 11a, we noticed a long line of cars parked along the gravel) - the setting would be great for baby and wedding showers, great for groups Food:I had the Gourmet  Wild Mushroom Omelet with a side of sausage- Home fries and Biscuit were a 3*- Omelet was ok, with a too-thick hollandaise sauce; 2.5* at best- Sausages were awful; really dry and cold- Coffee was lukewarm; not very tastyEveryone else's food looked pretty good, including the benedicts and tacos.
5	The Farm at South Mountain is a splendid little slice of the country- right here in the middle of the desert!The plentiful green grass spotted with picnic tables makes me want to plan a family reunion. There are gardens and walkways to explore. From first glance, The Farm is a quaint, family-run farmhouse.Visit Morning Glory Cafe for breakfast and you won't be disappointed. I've personally enjoyed the Morning Glory Benedict on several occasions, while my brother is a big fan of the Farm Monte Cristo. Both dishes are made with as many local ingredients as possible... mmm... local-icious. The Farm Monte Cristo is about as close as any breakfast food gets to "groin-grabbingly delicious." (a la Homer Simpson) It's slow baked ham, over easy eggs, and melted cheese between two generous pieces of French Toast. Served with warm maple syrup, this is it, folks. The grand-daddy of breakfast foods. The service here is generally solid. Our servers tend to be interesting, friendly, and adorable- all good qualities to have when you're serving breakfast to someone who isn't happy about being up early.I'll return... and return... and return. I'm hooked.I only wish Morning Glory wasn't closed for the summer! Killing me.
5	So different and refreshing. I love the set up and fresh ingrediants, great expierence, I can't wait to go back!
2	I love the atmosphere here but the food has taken a turn for the worst.  This used to be my favorite breakfast place but something has changed.  The food looks like the chef does not care.  There was no garnish on the plate, my eggs were cold.  My friend's waffles were burnt.  This is a lovely place to visit with a friendly wait staff but I do not recommend the food.
5	The Farm is a whimsical little natural paradise with great fresh food coming from THE farm itself. I've actually only been to one of the restaurants nestled in the gardens, The Morning Glory Cafe--and am never disappointed. I love going there mid morning on the weekends when they have a couple vendors out front. I'll always take family there when they come visit PHX and we'll spend time walking around through the veggies growing next to the restaurant and then to the little shops selling plants, jellies, books, etc. My favorite would have to be the tree that wears a knitted "sweater". Very practical because, #1 trees need sweaters, and # 2 it gets damn chilly here in AZ. I happened upon an outdoor yoga class once as well while waiting for a table...all kinds of good ,clean, hippie, fun:) So, all in all, The Farm has absolutely delectable, fresh, invigorating food that isn't all that pricey and even though you may have to wait a lil while for a table at peak brunch times, it usually turns into a lovely stroll through the gardens and fun shops (fairly painless in my point of view).
4	A nice place to have a sandwich and enjoy the open space!. Good to brunch in a big group. I still haven't try the morning glory cafe, but soups and sandwiches feel FRESH!
4	I love The Farm At South Mountain. It's kind of far from me, but definitely worth the drive. There's a plethora of things to do here, restaurants, small shops, great food and breath taking views of agrarian life in the city and South Mountain make this place a must! I've had some of the freshest and tastiest vegetables here, and I go all the time.
5	This place is a gem! It offers separate restaurants for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Came here on a Sunday for brunch which ends at 1pm. You just have to be seated by then, and from what we noticed, a few came in after that and were able to be seated.That being said, it would be tough for a wheelchair or elderly people to make it to the brunch restaurant. It is all the way in the back of the property and the parking lot is across the street. The rest of the trek is gravel and dirt.Everything they serve here comes from the property you are at. You can truly taste the freshness and your body will thank you. I had the chorizo scramble and it was excellent. A very filling meal, the flavors were vibrant and the atmosphere wonderful. For drinks, they have a self serve, station with lemonade, teas, coffees, etc. The speed of te service was excellent and very courteous.This is a great place for groups or a couple to dine!
2	I visited the Farm for the first time today and frankly, was disappointed. I was expecting freshly prepared items and homegrown produce, and instead was met with a cafeteria counter of prepackaged salads that looked like they came straight from Circle K. Even the iced tea was not freshly brewed, but came from a dispenser. The Red Grape and Walnut salad was good, but the plastic container it came in was too small for tossing ingredients and for $10 I expected something MUCH better and bigger. I've heard the soups are good and the desserts looked awesome, but I'm not sure if I'll return.
3	We've always loved going to the farm for breakfast on the weekends.  There's always a wait, but you couldn't ask for a better place to wait!  We let the kids run around, the dog gets to walk, we stop and chat with Maya over at the farm stand, buy some things to plant in the garden.... pretty much a perfect morning if you ask me! It seems though, that the food just isn't what it used to be.  On our most recent visit, my husband's omelette had hardly any cheese in it, the french toast that our girls shared wasn't that great, and the "apple butter" it came with wasn't really apple butter.  Maybe it's an east coast thing that people don't know about out here, but apple butter doesn't contain butter at all.  Not in my book.  But, as I was saying, this was just apple-cinnamon flavored butter.  It was tasty, but I thought I would be adding something somewhat nutritious to their french toast when I requested it.  Quite the opposite...  To continue, the gravy for my country fried steak tasted fantastic- peppery and creamy and delicious!  But my eggs were completely undercooked and I had to send them back.  My husband was charged for a coffee he didn't get, and overall I think it was a bit pricey for the quality.  We'll probably be giving it another chance soon since it's just a great way to spend the morning and so close to the places we like to hike.
3	this review is for the morning glory cafe met friends this morning for breakfast parked right after entering enjoyed a nice walk to morning glory restaurant casual dining all outdoors I had white truffle scramble w/lots of fresh vegies and a side order sausage, tasted fine my only complaint was that the food was barley warm my wife had a omlet with the same complaint we did not say anything and our friends did not mention it but my guess is the food was probley the same. service was good and setting was nice
4	This is my all time favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.  It's just far enough away from me that I can take the scooter out for a "long" ride.  You ALWAYS have to wait for a table because this place is busy, but while you wait, you can get your coffee and have a walk around the farm.  It's a great way to spend your morning.
3	I went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon after hiking South Mountain. What an adorable place this is! It was pleasant to walk around the property, relax, and enjoy the scenery. I think you will appreciate this place if you don't compare it to similar *greener* places from where you probably grew up. I got the Tuscan sandwich and thought it was decent (although pricey). If I ever hike nearby again I would definitely go back and try something else!
3	Just happened here, on a business trip, between arriving at the airport and our afternoon meeting.  It was like we were in Sonoma, not Phoenix.The pulled pork tacos were really nice and fresh, the tortilla soup a bit oily.  Someone else got some bread pudding and it was gooood.Somehow, they ran out of running water, even in the bathrooms.  Strange, is that just part of this being a farm?
4	Haven't eaten at the farms restaurant. We went on Mothers Day and the menu seemed a bit pricey. But, we did shop at the farmers market (bought bread and some produce.) Then we sat down on the picnic tables and had a wonderful brunch eating what we had purchased at the market. There is a neat art studio towards the back of the farm. Staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a cool chicken coop that the kids can walk up to, the garden is right by the market which is an education tool for teaching our city kids where food comes from.  This farm inspired my family to put in a large garden and raise 3 chickens in our backyard. It is great for an early summer morning outing with the family.
5	When we went here, we didn't realize that it was a real working farm. We just thought that was the name of the restaurant. We went for breakfast at the Morning Glory Cafe. It's all outside seating, self-serve coffee in a laid back atmosphere. The food was excellent. I got the breakfast tacos with eggs (although I would have preferred if they had a tofu option.) My husband got the cowboy breakfast and enjoyed it as well. Portions were large and service was fast. It's a very unique dining experience and I recommend it to all, especially tourists like us.
4	I hate cooing over how "cute" places are, but the Farm is SO CUTE.After brunch, we walked around the grounds and checked out the chickens, which I would describe as "MAJESTIC" and also "NOBLE."  The hens looked really happy, just clucking around and soaking up some sun.  It made me feel bad for liking to eat them.It can only imagine how gorgeous the Farm is in the summer - I'd love to take out a big woven blanket and a book to lay around the farm on a lazy afternoon, doing nothing except...periodically walking about to admire the chickens.
5	After a late night at work on Saturday, a late Sunday brunch at the Farm sounded amazing! We pulled in around 10:00, and were warned by someone at the front that the wait for breakfast was at least 45 minutes, but there wasn't wait for lunch. By 10:00, I didn't really care whether I ate breakfast or lunch - just that I ate. We walked in to place our lunch orders, and I was a little surprised by the cost of the food, but it looked really good. I ordered the albacore tuna sandwich and grabbed a sugar cookie as a little after-lunch treat. The tuna was amazing, and the veggies and cheese on my sandwich were so fresh! Definitely worth the $10. My sugar cookie was great too! It was almost like a mix between a muffin and a cookie, and was made with all natural ingredients, so it wasn't artificially sweet. The outdoor seating area is huge, and was perfect for a beautiful spring morning. I hope to arrive earlier next time so I can check out the breakfast, but will definitely be back for lunch.
4	It's so nice to stroll around this old pecan farm. You really feel like you're in the rural country side. I love the garden, the towering trees, the shade. It's lovely. Best chocolate cake I've ever had is from here. And amazing soup and sandwiches. A little more on the pricier side, but worth it. I've been a couple times and have never had a bad experience with service. It's too bad they shut down in the summer. I understand during the day, but in the evening this place would be delightful to have dinner.
5	It's really called Morning Glory Cafe.It's on a farm that's all organic. My sister asked "Do you think they spray for flies?" but immediately noticed the incongruity.The sausage at the breakfast place was really good.An admin at Yelp needs to move these reviews over there. I give it a 5 mostly to counteract the one-star. Otherwise, I didn't pay, but I'd give it at least a 4 on taste.Look for the rest of the reviews for this place here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix#hrid:YAbb2MOxdLvD4qkvlO7Wug/src:search/query:The%20Farm
4	One of the most relaxing places that's within biking distance from my house. I, am indeed, one lucky gal! While it's not huge, the farm can keep me occupied for hours on end. I just love the serenity and beauty of it all, and taking time to breathe deeply and enjoy the little things in life. The Maya Farm apparently has amazing CSA shares I am going to buy into shortly that include flowers. I buy myself flowers every week, so this is a super fantastic deal :)The little art shops and gardens are just beautiful and everyone is so nice and kind. I spent quite a bit of my stay there today playing with an adorable boston terrier. Downfall is the lack of good places I felt safe parking my bike. Bonus is I just brought it with me (consider it my dog) wherever I traveled. I will be back here... again.. and again.. it's a great weekend morning trip. I took some fantabulous photos today.
4	4 stars because when the weather is good in the Valley, we should be outdoors eating in a shaded pecan grove... rather than playing on the Wii or walking inside the mall.  Came here for a baby shower hosted by another... so I haven't tried the full monty for food, but it's in my mind for any event I might have to host...
5	This place is awesome! I ate a chicken sandwich at the Farm Kitchen for lunch and couldn't be more pleased, it was delicious!! The menu carries a good selection, the food is fresh, and the desserts.... WOW! It is a little pricey - I paid $32 for 2 sandwiches/2chips/2drinks. Parking is confusing - especially if its your first time. I went at about noon and drove into the property only to get stuck. Too many cars are trying to come in/out of a small space which creates a mess. There is a lot directly across the street that handles the overflow - just park there! The employees are very pleasant and the overall feel of the location as a whole is very welcoming. I definitely recommend it - can't wait to try the breakfast and dinner restaurants :)
5	Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good.
4	Who knew this place was here. Located in South Phoenix in an area you wouldn't expect it.  Great for it's picnic type atmosphere and good old school healty food.  Don't forget to try the desserts as they are heavenly.  Summertime it is a great breakfast place on Saturdays but arrive early or you may have a wait.
4	While you will pay more for lunch here than most places, I believe it is totally worth it.  The pecan pie alone is worth the drive.  Can't wait for it to cool down again so I can go!  Fresh and local...good combination!
5	I don't mind waiting for brunch when I can casually stroll the garden and visit the farm animals and just slow down-.  This is the place to go for a touch of 'green' oasis in the desert- a place to bring guests from out of town to enjoy organic food and the company of each other.
5	Probably the best mushrooms I've ever had.  Beef was nice.  Service a little slow but ambiance was great.
5	All right, this place holds sentimental value, so forgive the obligatory 5 star review.The restaurant serves a variety of sandwiches, which are great, and also tiny little pecan pie that I never tried, but are simply adorable. But I am not here to talk about the food, I am here to talk about the ambience of....THE FARM.In Phoenix, it is hard to get away from the feeling of, "hey, I live in a desert!" But during your time at The Farm, you kind of forget that. And that is nice. It looks like, and is, a farm! If you walk a little further beyond the picnic tables and you will visit the giant cabbage patches, pecan groves, and loud roosters and hens. If you aren't up to spending some money, then just bring a blanket and a picnic basket & enjoy the scenery.And, if perchance, you decided to get married, this is by far the best place in Phoenix to have your ceremony & reception. It's pretty freakin' romantic.JUST SAYIN'.
2	If you like spending $25 per person for a breakfast that includes flies, bird droppings and an extremely long wait (40 min) then this is for you!!!  In our exhaustive search for a breakfast restaurant in PHX that has NY style home fries, this unfortunately fails.  Although the Benedict itself was good, the tiny portions, soggy overseasoned home fries and aforementioned service/atmosphere make this outdoor experience a good place to skip.  I'll see you at Matt's, that is far worth the wait!
5	Amazing and as fresh as it gets.  best breakfast in AZ
5	I love The Farm! We do eat at their restaurants, however we also brown bag a lunch and enjoy a beautiful day lounging in the Pecan Grove. I can't rave enough about the location, the people, everything!Oh, and we got married there, which makes it even more special :)
4	Went to Morning Glory and had their french toast with candied pecans. It was delicious! Loved being outside and enjoyed the atmosphere so much.
5	Really great bfast and beautiful setting. Great for kids.
5	I love Morning Glory for Sunday brunch!  I've had everything from their oatmeal to the Monte Cristo to fruit, and everything has been delicious.  I'm a fan of bringing guests from out of town, because it feels like you're escaping from Phoenix.  All the staff have been really nice too -- one very sweet waitress always remembers my puppy and brings her a bowl of water even if she isn't waiting on my table.
4	I like the this place.   The food is good, but the best thing is the atmosphere.   In Phx we have great weather much of the year, but it is hard to find a good outdoor eating place.   Most of Phx restaurants are on busy major roads, if you eat outside you are looking at a parking lot and being serenaded with traffic noise.   There are some nice outdoor places but they all seem to be really  $$ or crowded or poor food or loud.The Farm is far from a road or even a big parking lot.   That does mean you usually have to walk a little ways, but it is a nice walk.   Nothing like going their early in morning in April or March, very nice setting.One person commented on flies - I never had this problem, not sure if this got better or worse.   I was last there over a year ago.
3	Beautiful property, nice place to spend a lazy weekend morning. But the food is overpriced, and really small in quantity. I got the Italian sandwich with meats and pepperchini and cheese....it was good, though very much on the salty side. My friend got pasta. It was simple and tasty, but the quantity was so little that he was done in 5 minutes! My sandwich came with no sides. The passionfruit ice tea I got was delicious, though. I think the food prices include the price of the entire "experience"--the farm, the artists cottage and the ranch-like atmosphere just a short drive away from the city. That's what makes this place pricey. I had a coupon from Groupon so I didn't feel too bad about it! Oh, and we saw some people out in the picnic area with metal detectors....don't know if The Farm had hired them, but they were using those detector thingies to hunt for quarters! One of the men said on most "expeditions" they find rings dropped by guests. So be careful, people!
4	Best eggs I have ever had and take my word for it, I am very picky with my eggs. This is a straight up farm with the gardens, trees, and chickens. It was absolutely beautiful. You sit outside surrounded by mother nature and your breakfast comes out at record speed nice and hot. I ordered the eggs skillet with the truffle oil. The vegetables were delicious, the eggs were perfect, and I am a new fan of truffle oil. After the delicious breakfast, i walked over to the chicken coop and thanked the chickens for my delicious breakfast as it would not have been possible without them. I will definitely come back here. They have different places for lunch and dinner.
5	My immediate and extended family have been coming here for years and have ZERO complaints. The food is a buck or 2 more than most places but this isn't your typical dining experience. No place in town compares to the atmosphere and the food is very good. We all love the variety of deserts and the ice tea is excellent. As for the person complaining about occasional ant... HELLO... it's outdoors! And for the person who thought the food was too expensive... go to Denny's for a cheap meal. They cover all three meals via the Farm Kitchen for lunch, a terrific breakfast area, morning Glory cafe, and an excellent evening dining experience @ Quiessence. Thanks for giving us this jewel in the desert.
5	A really cool experience.  Located on a large property that takes you instantly from the city into this quaint goodness of organic gardens and Pecan trees.  It's a dining-out experience, so the best time to go is on nice days.  The food is perfect, picnic style food.  I had the tuna sandwich which was fantastic.  Overall, the whole experience of dining out in a picnic setting was  most memorable.  Take your friends and family !!!
5	The overall experience will become something you crave.  Take visitors here, take your dog!  Nestled in a huge pecan grove, with organic garden, just moments from the city, the food is amazing.  You will never forget it.  The place should be named "The Jolly  Farm," because I didn't want to leave.  I woke the dreaming about the chocolate cookie I took to go and ate when i  got home.  FANTASTICAL !!!
5	I love this place!!! This brown bag sandwich, salad, and soup place is soooo good. Although a little pricey ($15 pp sandwich+drink), it's worth every penny. You will know what I mean when you sit down at a picnic table in the sun, under huge pecan trees. If you have kids or dogs , bring them with their frisbees and toys. The turkey club sandwich is excellent, so is the chicken salad sandwich. ALL of their salads are amazing, as are their sides (dreaming of their sweet potato salad). The ingredients used are top quality, fresh, and amazing!
2	I have wanted to go here for brunch for a long time.  Finally made it there this past weekend.  Great setting -- so pretty and unique and reminds that Phoenix can be awesome.I arrived at 11:30 and had a 20 minute wait. No big as it gave me time to walk the grounds.  Was seated, odered the ham & cheese omelletee with home fries.  Food took about 30 minutes, again no biggie but something to be aware of if you are hungry and/or with children.Food was dropped off with not much fan fare.  Immedietly I saw a black hair sticking out of the fries.  Eww and Hello!  Did no one see this?  Ate the omelette, was very good but found two more very long black hairs intertwined in the fries.  It was gross.  One hair falls out --ok its unfortunate, but this...was like someone had pulled these long hairs out in wrapped them up in the fries.No thanks.
4	Breakfast is fantastic.  Work on the coffee selection.  Only thing holding back a star is no French press coffee or an espresso machine
4	With a "moo-moo" here and a "moo-moo" there... Everywhere a "moo-moo"!  Sorry that was the first thing that came to mind when I was  asked to go to the farm for lunch.   As first timers , we were a little confused on where we suppose to start, but there was a long line of people, with no food, holding menu's... so we started there. As a vegetarian I was pleasantly surprised with the variety in their menu.  In fact I changed my mind five times before we got up to order.  I ended up with a 1/2 Farm Fresh Veggie sandwich, a cup of bean soup and finished up with butternut squash creme brulee. The food was excellent, in fact I had to restrain from licking my soup bowl clean.  The only downside is it took forever to come out, and to top it off, I had to get a redo on my sandwich because they smothered it in Mayo (Which I do not eat, EVER!).  Despite the semi-chaotic service and delivery, it's hard to complain about getting a great meal, and enjoying in such a beautiful setting. The tables are set up along side the farm, and surrounded by huge trees.  I am really looking forward to coming back and giving their breakfast a shot!
2	although the location and seating outside were great the place scored very low on recent visit for lunch. very pricy for what u get pre made salads looked small and unappelling. our sandwiches were lacking the main ingreditants which left them very small mostly bread which was dry. soup was cold a..even with our groupon coupon our bill for 3 people was $20 would not recommend this place ..
4	Yes, the line to order was long.Yes, the wait for the food was a good 15 minutes.  And, yes, the food was worth it!I had the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich.  The bread and the veggies were very fresh and the creamy balsamic was perfect.  Normally served on focaccia, but they were out so it was on a baguette.  Probably the softest baguette I've ever had; no scraping up the roof of my mouth!  The boy enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich and we split a piece of the Pecan Pie.  YUMMY!!As far as the wait for the food goes, just get a piece of pie while you're in line and eat dessert first!  One note, you can't order salads from the register.  The salads in the cooler are the only ones they have.  Once they are out, they're out.  If you want a salad, you might want to go early, or at least before 1:30.  They serve lunch until 3:00.While we were eating, I witnessed one woman pull a plastic grocery bag out of her purse, then pull two baggies out of the plastic bag, and put the second half of her sandwich in the baggie and offer the other baggie to her friend.  I haven't quite decided if this is a genius move or a crazy-bag-lady move.   Either way, she was prepared!One thing that could have made my lunch at The Farm a five-star experience would be a nice glass of bubbly or crisp white wine to go with my lunch.  I'm sure the boy would have enjoyed a nice local brew with his pulled pork sandwich.Lunch at The Farm reminded me of my lunch at the Olive Mill except for the drinks (bummer) and the 45-minute drive (cool).  Yes, it was a great lunch!And, yes, we will be back!
4	I love the surrounding farm! If you want to have a retreat away from the office in the middle of the day this is a great spot. The food is really good! A little pricey but you get what you pay for. It's usually crowded and you have to stand in line to order but I don't mind standing amongst the trees and plants. They aren't open all year around for lunch so you may want to call first. There is only outside seating.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you off, it's a really nice place. Take me away!!!!
2	the sandwich was amazing....but defintiely not worth $9. I've definitely had better.  It didn't even come with a side. great location and outdoor seating, but overrated.
5	A unique park-like setting, located at the back of a modest farm.  Many lovely things to look at while you wait.  The brunch is served very casually, on paper plates, which seems strange for what is essentially gourmet food, but maybe it keeps the costs down.
1	there were too many flies, it is outside and people bring their dogsto sit on the chairs.  Everything from the trees flies on the table and in your food.   There is no accessability for the handicapped at all, there is no pavement, you are walking in mud and on rocks.    Also the bathroomsare awful and no one wears gloves at all!!!!
4	I've only had lunch here (too hard to leave the house in a timely manner with a three year old...sigh, so I missed breakfast) and cannot wait to return. I had the BBQ pulled pork, which was tender and juicy and the best BBQ Iv'e had recently (beside homemade). My five foot lover had the veggie, which was refreshing and crisp, and just perfect, which can be difficult in a veggie sandwich. Most places have a very generic idea of a veggie samwich. My munchkin had the PBnJ, which was really good for the kind of sandwich that I hate to order from a restaurant because it is such a (sad) staple in our home. And the setting....ugh, so pretty!!! Ready to give up the city and hit the hills, where all I do is (pretend to) garden and eat and drink and create wonderful watercolors.
3	The food was excellent. The service...meh. We waited an hour for Sunday brunch, but there was alot to do while we waited so it was fine. I understand it's a busy place, but I guess I just expected a  a service experience that matched the food and atmosphere.
4	I love the atmosphere at the Farm (when it's not too hot) and the food is pretty darn good every time I've gone.  The downsides are it's a little pricy and gets pretty crowded when it's nice out.
5	Great place to go on a nice sunny Phoenix day.  Be sure to bring a Frisbee or football to throw around and have one of the delicious soups and sandwiches.  Most locals don't know about this place and I am OK with that since it already gets crowded to the point that I have never been able to walk in and get a seat at the Cafe.  You can easily spend an hour walking around the farm and discovering a bit of Phoenix history.
4	great sandwiches and olive oil products!
5	The farm is fun place you can take the kids and sit on a bench it or can be romantic breakfast for 2 - fell in love with the fresh yogurt/granola and French toast with sweet syrup for breakfast! Better to eat on a nice cool day and then walk around after and enjoy the greenery ;)
5	Just plain excellent every time!! Love it! Food and setting are fantastic! They do a good job for Arizona!! Probably one of the best breakfast/brunch places in Phoenix! This is one of those spots that actually is good even if you have to wait to get a seat!
5	Deep within a pecan grove, is a small organic farm that has a small cafe. which prepares its food with using the organic vegetables and herbs.  It is an anomaly and is always popular for those who want to get away from suburban sprawl.  It is a little pricey for breakfast, but it is worth the splurge.
5	Love it here. Highly recommend and can't wait to go back. They do a lot of cute things, and the food is good.
5	Finally got to eat brunch at the Morning Glory cafe and it was fantastic! The only downside was the cost of Bloody Mary's...$9??? That's steep. For this time of year, the setting and the weather definitely enhance the dining experience. Our waiter/host was fantastic, especially when he offered my friend a great-smelling rose. I wish I had more opportunities to make this my weekly brunch spot.
3	The ambience and the setting is awsome but i expected a lot more from the food.  Came out slighlty on the cool side so by the time I was finishing my plate it was warm at best.  We had breakfast but i will be going back to try their lunch and dinner.
4	The Farm at South Mountain is so very quaint, and doesn't feel like you are in the middle of Phoenix. When I went it was for a self lead venue tour, so I was free to roam the property- and I was most impressed with the succulent green house, the old house that is turned into a shop, the chicken coupes, and the quissisential wedding garden. All were so charming. The farm was my front runner for a long time for my wedding but another venue gave me a better deal. I will always hold a special place in my heart for the farm at south mountain though. :) I can't tell you anything about the food as I have never tried it, only about the location itself.
4	Awesome fresh sandwich!  Had the Tuscon and the entire thing was delicious.  Minus a star for the flavored iced teas - a little too diluted.But yeah, this is what a $10 sandwich should taste like!
1	Four stars for the food.Another cumulative star for the service, making them a solid five.That was before we checked out.Minus five for their not having a defibrillator anywhere on site when my heart began missing beats right after their informing me how two cups of turkey soup, one half sandwich, a whole sandwich, two iced teas, a cookie and a small slice of bread pudding came to forty-seven bucks.I must have appeared to the cashier as a mouth-breather and to everyone else in line when I stood there, frozen, vegetatively reverberating;  "huh....forty-seven bucks...really...how is that even possible???[head shake]Eventually, my friend's laugher brought me back. But it was my turn to pay for lunch, so I couldn't tell them to stuff their forty-seven bucks and walk out. This place is in the middle of BFE, with nowhere else to eat except the desert, and I don't care for cactus or rocks...so I sucked it upand did the only thing I could do under the circumstances.I sat there eating my lunch....fixating on how I'd just blasted through one fifth of my unemployment check on a fucking turkey sandwich. Not going back.
5	DELICIOUS! Try the coconut cake, I hate coconut but love this cake, and the carrot cake!
5	I am not a breakfast person at all. So for me to be raving about breakfast is a funny. My sister took me here cause they loved it. It is by far the best place in Phoenix to have breakfast. The biscuits and gravy was out of this world and the cinnamon french toast was heavenly. It's a little hard to find. Once you find the farm you have to travel down the long dirt driveway to get to the cafe (to find no parking). Just park out front and take the nice walk through the beautiful farm on the way in. It's worth it!
5	I am partial, my husband and I got married here last May and it was everything we could have wanted. Being from the northeast and him from the Midwest, we feel starved for green grass, deciduous trees and rustic, wooden fences. The Farm really delivers those wonderful feelings of reconnecting with nature and socializing in an outdoor setting that doesn't feature poured concrete flower beds and overly watered tropical plants. For wedding reception/ceremony: We used Mike Kennedy, the nondenominational officiant The Farm recommended for our ceremony, he was excellent. The staff at the Farm as well as Santa Barbara Catering (You must use them to be married here) were outstanding! Our guests said it was the best food they have ever eaten at a wedding, which is a huge compliment. We choose the grove (under the white tent in the pecan grove) for our reception (they have a few other locations to pick from depending on location on the property) and our ceremony was under the large wooden, vine covered arbor - perfection! As wedding prices go, it was definitely reasonable - no idea why the world thinks that in order to have a lovely wedding you need to drop oodles of loot - the Farm is a great option for nature lovers, people missing trees, grass etc, great food, amazing service and a memorable location for their wedding (it was actually less expensive than 90% of the hotel/buffet options out there)Food: there are three dining options at The Farm, Quiescence (fancy, high end dining) Morning Glory Cafe (breakfast/brunch), The Farm Kitchen - (lunch) I could write a novel here, but overall: the food is a little expensive (lunch is usually $10-$15/person with drinks or if you want desert tack on an additional $3-5 bucks) but it is very good, plus you get the great ambiance of dining under trees on a picnic table or in their little courtyard area. If it's busy prepare to wait awhile to order  and get your food (self serve, you gotta pick it up at the window when they call your number) For breakfast/brunch at Morning Glory expect similar pricing, but this is located towards the back of the property in a cozy little brick patio area - simple waiter service.
4	Our wedding here last year was beautiful. The moment we arrived I knew this was the place for us. It reminded me of back home in the Midwest with the trees and grass, and was the perfect outdoor location for our romantic wedding. I wish I'd found it sooner. But we'll look forward to going back to visit for our anniversary. After our tour, we had breakfast on the property - fresh eggs and lemonade, sunlight streaming down. What a happy memory!We also had a laid-back fun rehearsal lunch catered at the picnic tables that was delicious and picturesque.
3	My wife had a tuna sandwich and I had the flank steak. We bot had a small iced tea. The total was $31. which is quite high for  two drinks & sandwhiches with no sides. The rating I gave was an overall rating. To break it down, I would say the food was good, but not exceptional, so 4 stars. The value rating would be 1 star, based on just two base sandwhiches & two drinks. Atmophere; you eat outside and most of the tables are right off 32nd st so it's a little noisy. Just basic plastic chairs so nothing fancy, so 3 stars. The staff here gets 5 stars; nice and friendly.I came here to scheck out what all the high ratings were on both yelp and urban spoon. I don't think I will come back.
5	One of my best girlfriends got married here this weekend and all I have to say is AMAZING!!!!! The location is spectacular and a hidden gem in the middle of the desert. I am from the Midwest and it really felt like I was back home. I have had brunch at the cafe here and walked around the property when my friend decided it was the location for her Wedding. The BBQ dinner that was prepared for the Wedding reception was so yummy!!! And the staff was amazing and stealthlike...things were always taken care of but you hardly noticed that the staff was there and when you did they were so accomodating and friendly.My only caution is to any bride who thinks this is a beautiful setting but does not consider that you are at a FARM! The bride's dress was filthy after dragging it across the ground and everyone's shoes were dusty but no one at this Wedding cared. If this might bother you or guests, this may not be the place for you. I urged female friends to wear wedges or flats because heels will dig right into the grass at the Farm.Regardless of the event, go check out the Farm at South Mountain. You can grab lunch and sit at one of the picnic tables and just enjoy the beauty of the property.Thank you to The Farm for making my friend's Wedding day the best it could possibly be!
2	The Farm at South Mountain is beautiful and a real gem of the Valley.But the restaurants are FAR to expensive to even bother trying the food!A sandwich at the Farm Kitchen can cost you no less than $10!! And that is all you get for the price-a sandwich, not even a pickle on the side!The small treats, like bars, muffins, etc. are expensive as well.So...to really enjoy the beautiful landscape, pack a picnic and walk around the property. They have a beautiful shaded picnic table area, large garden, and artists' cottages. It really is a great place to experience actual greenery and you can make your time there even better by preparing a picnic to enjoy!
4	Atmosphere is awesomeTree lined picnic table area.  We brought badmitton set to play, other ppl had frisbeez & footballs.  Leashed dogs are welcome.  Food is very good bu a tad pricey.  I will definitely be back to spend a sunny day, but ill probably bring my lunch & purchase a drink or dessert onlyQuiessence looks like it wld b an amazing place at nite.  We will for sure check that out some evening
4	Oh my goodness. The food here is amazing. Simply amazing. I have had the pleasure of ordering food to-go here three times and staying for lunch once. Each time it does not disappoint. The restaurant is out doors and quite quaint. You order your drinks inside and they serve it for you, which can be a pain for people like me who re-fill about 4-5 times, you have to go back inside and wait in line to have someone serve you. The serve your order in a cute basket and you have to find your own seating. Every time I have gone I've ordered the Old Fashioned Turkey Sandwich, although it costs almost $11.00, it's worth it! I don't go as often as I'd like because I can't justify buying an $11.00 sandwich so often but the times I do go I don't regret it. Parking is limited so if you don't find parking directly in front of the restaurant then park on the opposite side of 32nd street. Don't waste your time driving through the long road past the restaurant, parking is too far and the multiple speed bumps are annoying. Each time I have gone the service has been just fine.
5	Beautiful, charming farm with 2 restaurants on the premises. Lots of beautiful crops, pecan trees, awnings and pergolas to drool over. There's even a chicken coop! I honestly could spend all day here. I wish I had known about this place when planning my wedding, it's absolutely gorgeous.
3	Cool set up! We liked the feel of the place. The food was good, but I guess we were hoping for really good. We would return but only if we were in the area.
5	I can't tell you enough how much I love this place. I love the scenery, it's like you're not in Phoenix anymore. The farm has three places to eat, I am more of a picnic girl, specifically because I know I can get sweet potato salad and a portobello sandwich and frolick in the grass. Okay, so I don't frolick, but I do sit on a cute bench. Everytime I'm there they have a new soup! It's like a birthday present midweek I swear. The weddings are beautiful there and morning glory is good for company in town.
4	This is a fun little hidden spot.  The Farm has amazing sandwiches!  My boyfriend got the flank steak sandwich and the meat was fresh and delicious.  I got the turkey sandwich and it tasted like a Thanksgiving dream!  The location is huge.  We came on a Saturday and it was very busy, but there was plenty of space.  All of the sandwiches are served in baskets so its like a cute little picnic.  The area is beautiful as well.  Next time I am there I will definitely do some more exploring of the grounds.It would get a five star review, but the prices for the sides and desserts are a little steep.  I got a sweet potato salad which tasted like it was dunked in onion juice.  The cupcake we got was a chooclate gnache which was so thick it made the cupcake crumble.  They were each 4 dollars too (bringing our total for 2 sandwiches, 2 drinks, 1 side and 1 dessert to 40 bucks). Overall though this a great little outdoor spot.  I say its a definite "must visit" for locals, but I recommend avoiding the sides and bringing your own bottle of water.
5	this is a very interesting place to go if for no other reason than the setting....but don't do like we did and park in their lot across the street....parking available right by the restaurant........the food is great for breakfast, and the buttermilk biscuits are phenomenal...the young waitress was from White Center, a suburb of Seattle, where I grew up....she did a great job.....recommend this place to anyone....and buy an extra biscuit!!!
4	Being new to the Phoenix area, I heard about the Farm from friends at work. I've been missing the grass and trees of my east coast hood, so when I saw a groupon for the Farm, I decided to bring the hubby for a Monday lunch date. The Farm was quite a drive from our Arcadia home, but the scenery was beautiful. Since I didn't grow up playing in the desert with cacti, I get giddy when I see mountains and cacti!Anyway, we parked across the street then proceeded to walk the grounds. I heard that there is a farmers market on the weekend, but since it was a Monday, it was closed. I did walk through their food co op and it was pretty impressive that they grow veggies and fruit onsite. After about an hour, I was ready for lunch, I had the Pecan Chicken Salad Sandwich and hubby, the flank steak sandwich . I saw lots of homemade deserts but settles on the cherry bread pudding. Our sandwichs were on par with any gourmet sandwich shoppe and the cherry bread pudding was average and very small on portion. Even with the groupon (which was worth $20) we still spent an extra $25, so it isn't cheap. Honestly your not really paying just for the food, but the experience of a picnic lunch in a large , lush field. It made for a fun lunch date outside.
4	A picturesque locale with good sandwiches and beverages. Since the seating is outdoors, this does limit the times when I feel like coming here, since your enjoyment level of eating here will partially depend on the weather.
4	Great outdoor option for Phoenix people
4	The food was very fresh and so good but quite pricey. It was $10.95 for a sandwich or salad and that didn't include anything else. Their Portabella with roasted pepper sandwich was to die for.  Unless we have another Groupon it won't be a place we'd go on a regular basis.
4	An excellent little place to have a picnic lunch!  Prices are a bit high, but the atmosphere and use of local products for the food is great!  We will be back.
3	I just moved here from CA and I had NO IDEA that something like this could exist in the desert. The farm is absolutely gorgeous!This review is based on the Breakfast restaurant, not the lunch or dinner restaurant. I haven't tried those places yet.We have come here twice now for Breakfast. I wanted to give the place another shot before writing a review.The first time we came on a Sunday. The place was packed, expect to wait at least 30 minutes. The table we were seated at was slanted since the tree roots had brought up the pavement. Neg 1.The back of the menu talks about how the Farm is into recycling, the environment, etc... So I told the server that I wanted the eggs benedict. I will pay the full price of the meal but I just wanted half an order (so I didn't waste any food). We spent about 5 min going back and forth about how if I just got half an order I would still have to pay full price (as I already said I would). Then someone else came out and told me I would have to pay full price, I said I understood that, I just didn't want to waste any food. Finally, my order comes out she says "sorry the kitchen is too busy so you have to get the full order."My eggs were okay but I think they forgot to toast the muffins so the meal didn't taste good.The second time we went there, we decided to try going during the week so it wouldn't be as busy. Well, we got the same sucky server. She forgot to bring me my orange juice until the end of the meal and forgot to bring me my lemon. The menu is smaller during the week. The biscuits didn't taste fresh which is one of their signature items. The bacon tasted and felt like it had been on the burner all morning. She brought out sausages for my husband when he ordered bacon.We will not be going there for breakfast again... If we do, we will bring our own breakfast and eat at the picnic tables.
5	This was a great place to stop for lunch. A great sandwich and bowl of soup. The setting with the flowers and trees makes you feel  miles away from a big city nearby. Lots of picnic tables and cafe tables with a  live flower on each one. If you want a relaxing lunch and a stress reliever, you need to find this place and relax. Makes you feel  like you are on a picnic. Your food comes in a paper lined old fashioned basket. Put this on your to do list. They also serve fine dining at dinnertime.
4	We ate here on Mothers Day at the Morning Glory Cafe. Our food was great. Everyone in our group cleared their plates. I had the Juevos Rancheros and it did not dissapoint. I also tried the French toast and the sausage gravy. Everything amazing. We had good service too!  We got lucky and were seated in the shade.  The only part I didnt like was that it was up to us to find out own high chair and we could only find 2 in the entire resturant and they were in use.  I think the staff should find the high chair, especially since when we made a reservation, we said we needed 2.
5	I can't stop coming here. From the day that I discovered this place, I'm here pretty much any chance I get for lunch.It's incredible to drive less than 10 minutes from my client's offices and find myself at a beautiful farm. I love eating at the wooden picnic tables under the trees that adorn the long grass field adjacent to the Farm's kitchen. You feel like you've left the world you were in, and gone off to simpler time and place, the kind you see in movies or read about in books. It's an incredible 30 minute vacation from work. Just be careful as the summer months approach, eating outside can take it's toll in 100 degree weather.But the Farm doesn't get a 5-star rating on ambiance alone - the food here is fantastic. Everything is about as fresh as it can be - the vegetables are crisp and vibrant, the breads are all fresh baked and incredibly delicious, and the meats are always tender and juicy.I love getting two half sandwiches (at no extra cost), and frequently will choose an old favorite and an interesting new item.My absolute favorites:Tuscan Sandwich . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $10.95Grilled herb chicken, marinated artichokes, shredded Parmesan Reggiano and Asiago, balsamic dressing, tomatoes, herb mayo and organic field greens on focacciaGrilled Chicken BLTDA Sandwich . . . . . . . . . $10.95Marinated chicken breast, crisp Meat Shop bacon, organic field greens, local Black Sphinx dates, Granny Smith apples and tomatoes with basil mayo on potato breadAnd if you're eating vegetarian (make sure to add avocado):Farm Fresh Seasonal Sandwich . . . . . . . . . . . . $10.95Local seasonal roasted vegetables, shredded Parmesan Reggiano and Asiago, hummus and organic field greens on nine-grainEvery dessert I've had here is marvelous. The chocolate cake stands out as magical (incredibly rich, yet somehow feels light enough to float on air).Go. Now.
4	My sister got married here March of last year, we had a great experience. All the pictures turned out beautiful, the area for the bride was very cute! The one down fall to the situation was the bathroom. I was unimpressed! Everything else was wonderful! The food was incredible!! Probably the best part of the wedding :) The staff was all very accommodating and helpful! I would recommend The Farm!
4	A really charming feature of the Phoenix Metro area is the Farm at South Mountain.  Located  a couple miles north of South Mountain, it truly brings out that Midwestern nostalgia that has a very simple comforting feel to it.  Our destination at the Farm was Morning Glory Cafe.  With all outdoor seating you would expect it to get a little toasty, but the its completely covered by gorgeous trees that not only shade, but provide a picturesque surrounding.  The food is all grown on site and the quality was great.  I had the Italian Omelet with mushrooms, cheese covered with marinara sauce.  It was delicious and the perfect size serving.  Theres so much I didnt get to explore on site, but for breakfast, I can't think of many better places.  Give it a shot!
5	Ok, I have been back a few times since my last review and I must say the food was great, the atmosphere was amazing, and the service was charming.  I take everything back that I said before.  Everything was great!
4	Very nice ambience, especially in the fall. Large, mature trees line long fields with a pretty view of the south mountains. A quaint "farm" setting with small gardens and little shops in shabby chic buildings. You park across the street in a dirt/rock lot. Once you wander across the street, there is a cute little shack type set up, you walk in, grab your fresh made, plastic packed items. They have fresh and hearty salads with your choice of gourmet dressings, choices of sandwiches on artisan breads, delicious muffins and cake slices, all made right there. There are really cute miniature pies that look great, as well as fresh made lemonades that are really good. You get your sandwiches (fresh made) in a little picnic basket, after you pay. Grab a seat in the fenced in garden and enjoy the views and the weather (if it's not too hot out). Many people bring their pups and enjoy a walk around the farm.I love this place, I love that everything is fresh and it always tastes great!Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting.
4	We just ate breakfast here, and it was great.  It *is* Phoenix, and it *is* outdoor dining, so bear that in mind.  I ordered the Monte Cristo French Toast and holy crap was it good!  haha  Seriously, it was really, really good. The coffee was good, and the fresh orange juice was even better.  My wife had a omelette special of the day, and it was decent (according to her). The most frustrating part of the meal were the flies, and to be honest, I'm not sure what all steps you can take to get rid of them outside. It didn't make the food any less tasty, and some odd part of me felt like all that waving around might have helped burn off some of those calories. The server was very nice, and was honest about things she had tried or had not tried. For example, they had a new "Brisket Hash" on the breakfast menu, but since the menu had come out the day before, she hadn't really gotten to try it yet.  Good place.  I'll definitely be back. And if it weren't for those flies, I would have given it a 5 star rating.
2	Over priced sandwiches!!!Tasteless Flank Steak Sandwich (nothing else) and a bottled coke $16Surrounding area with picnic tables was nice though.
4	This place is great. A gem inside the city.My sister took us here as she knew we'd never had a dining experience like this, and it was pretty enjoyable.  Lots of picture-taking settings.Food is worth the price.  It's straight from the farm, mind you. How many places can say that?  When you have regular places in Chicago that sell sammies at $12-20 a pop, you will value what you get from the Farm.  I had their special that day - a herb roasted chicken sandwich along with some tasty tomato bisque.  Everything tasted very fresh.Huge area of picnic tables to sit and watch or bring a blanket and sit on the grass.  There is so much to explore with different boutiques, cafes, and shops all over the the lot.  Hope to come back for brunch or breakfast someday.
3	Not that great! For the prices I expected much better food. Lacked that special something and pretty small portions. Outdoor breakfast seating was beautiful and staff was sweet. Just left me desiring more....
5	Wonderful place to dine al fresco. Freshest food.
4	Always come here for lunch except in the summer when they are closed. I mean, at over 100 degrees F, it gets hot on a farm! You can always find fresh food at the Farm Kitchen and its a great atmosphere for lunch. Does not feel like you are in Phoenix! There is a cute sitting area outside the kitchen and a bunch of picnic tables throughout the grounds. Tons of greenery and beautiful landscape you don't normally see in the Phoenix area. It is great to come over here on a weekend with a blanket and have a picnic out on the grass. If you need to relax and rewind, I highly recommended checking this place out - you won't regret it!Sandwiches are great (Chicken BLTDA) and so are salads, they are pre-made and sit on ice at the Kitchen. Morning Glory has great reviews for breakfast/lunch and I have yet to make it over there. And as of now, I still have Quiessence bookmarked on my list ready to try!
1	Hello,And I hope this review does exactly what I intend for it to do. Get the principals of this joke for a restaurant,  who ever they are,  to read it and wake up. Obviously they must be eating the dog food they have been fed by others who rave about this place.Let's start at the beginning, went for lunch, walked in, saw people at tables so waited to see if an employee would be directing us. NOPE!! nothing of the sorts, walked up to an outdoor menu over a entrance, again what do I do next? People inside look at you but don't ask to help you. We had our dog with us, so I asked my girlfriend to go in and see what she can find out. She walked to the counter and again no one would help. Can I order? Then a person replied and pointed "you start down there" Okay great, were getting somewhere. She placed an order for a salad (pre-made crushed into a small container) a chicken salad sandwich and a lemonade. she came out and handed me the salad and drinks and said ' let's find a table, I have to go over to another area to wait for the sandwich"  I sat down at a table with our dog outdoors next to  32nd street (This is a farm?) and she went to get the sandwich.  OH the daymare has just started. After about 20 minutes, she sent me a text and said," I haven't left you, still waiting" This is Chicken Salad People!!! slap it on the bread add some lettuce and tomatoes and it's ready to go. Here's where it gets really good, several people who arrived after us are getting their food from the mystery window by the red umbrella. My girlfriend has now been standing there 30 minutes waiting, she taps on the window and asks " is there a problem with the chicken salad."  "I'll check"  the window closes and 10 minutes later the window opens revealing the sandwich.  Now I would say this is possibly a one off scenario except right before she received our sandwich another person who had been waiting said he was on 37 minutes, and then another person came up while she was receiving her sandwich and said "how long does it take to get a tuna sandwich" he had been waiting 30 minutes.We eat what I would say is ordinary fresh food, nothing to write home about, and because I found the concept of standing and waiting 40 minutes to get an average sandwich so ridiculous, I stopped back in to express myself and politely said  "This is our first time here and your service was awful and we will never return"Their response, exactly like the whole experience started. NOTHING.And although we typically know what items cost before we eat anywhere, so initially the price seemed okay but this place is definitely OVERPRICED.
3	Great atmosphere if you enjoy eating outdoors. I'll ditto what other reviewers have said regarding the cost of the food...it's pricey. We've been here for breakfast and lunch and enjoyed it both times however average cost for a sandwich, drink and chips is $20.
5	I cannot believe it has taken me 19 years of living in Phoenix to get out to The Farm. The breakfast at Morning Glory Cafe is unbeatable, truly. My omelette with fresh veggies and crispy potatoes were so flavorful, but that little buttermilk biscuit was dynamite. Nice homemade jam to go with it too. My mom had the waffle and it was so fluffy, crispy on the outside, and some plump juicy fresh fruit on top. I can't wait to go back and try the French toast! Wait staff is friendly and the get-your-own drink station is clever and easy. The ambience is so nice here, and sitting outside with out-of-town guests was a true pleasure. Thanks to you!!!
5	I'm mortified!  I've never written a review of the Farm at South Mountain?  I'm not sure how this is even possible!I go here so often that this might actually be my favorite place in Phoenix to go for a relaxing cool/warm Saturday or Sunday afternoon in PHoenix.  In fact, I think I'm headed there momentarily.Many people write reviews for the various "businesses" at the Farm on South Mountain on the wrong Business/Venue pages.  But I guess this listing is a catch-all for everything.  Let's see if I can help people get this clear.  I really want to point that the Farm at South Mountain has several "businesses" and venues listed on Yelp.  You can go here for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  You can have your baby shower here or your 200+ person wedding and reception here.  You can hold a corporate event in "Stoned Grove" area around an outdoor pizza oven or you can have an intimate dinner under mature trees with glimmers of stars at night at Quiessence.  This place is a one stop shop for everything simple and beautiful in the out of doors.  I've written reviews for a few of the places on the farm and I will let those reviews speak for themselves.  I've posted pics too... One of the things that the Yelping community might appreciate knowing is that you should visit their website for special events.  Sometimes, they have special Farm dinners.  Sometimes there's a special holiday dinner or lunch.  For instance, I know for Valentine weekend, they have Valentine Dinners and Picnic lunches.  Here are my reviews of places on the farm:Maya's Farm (At the end of the Farm Drive and directly North.)Organic Certified Farm.  See them at the Farm on Sunday mornings.  Phoenix Public Market on Saturdays and also get on their CSA)-http://www.yelp.com/biz/mayas-farm-phoenix#hrid:5dPGtdn4SQIClbJ_uIe1zwSucculentia (it is in the green house on the north side of the farm, back by Maya's garden House)http://www.yelp.com/biz/succulentia-phoenix#hrid:Z91CIQ4jVqF9RG3HrRe22wThe Farm Kitchen (Lunch/Brunch and is the closest to the Picnic Tables.  you see it immediately as you enter the farm, north of  "The Farm Driveway".)http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-farm-kitchen-phoenix#hrid:7w3mgerwC9Yqd_b1amkDjA/src:selfMorning Glory (Breakfast only, but the patio is a nice place to rent for an event.  Go All the way to the end of the Farm Drive and YOu'll find it.)http://www.yelp.com/biz/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix#hrid:yzI8RxBsNlKndP1HMQ0Q6AThere are a few other businesses on the Farm listed on YelpWeddings:(I am sure there was a wedding listing on Yelp for the FASM because I used to check in to it accidentally when I first started Yelping.  If I find it, I will update)Quiessence (I haven't written a reveiw of this either.  SMH!!):http://www.yelp.com/biz/quiessence-restaurant-phoenixBotanica (Been here once, but no review)http://www.yelp.com/biz/botanica-phoenix-3This is a great place to visit after you've completed a Hike on South Mountain too.  Enjoy.  Thank me later.
2	I don't know whether this is a real farm that is serving home-grown food, or a Potemkin Village masquerading as a farm. The sandwiches were fine, if heavy on the mayo. And how can any self-respecting farm be serving sodas sweetened with artificial flavors and corn syrup in this day and age? A sandwich in a picnic basket doth not maketh Ye Olde Farm.
4	Fantastic spot, try the smoked brisket hash! The prices are a little high (2.95 for coffee, but free refills) but well worth it if you're looking for a nice bfast/brunch. Get there early, weekends get busy!! Bring your dog!
5	I recently took a friend who was visiting from Chicago here and he looked around and said, "I thought you guys only had desert and cactus".  Well, that's the usual stereotype but no, we have a lot of farms; you should have seen the look on his face when I pointed out some of the cotton fields in the south and east valley!.As others have said, this is just a gem of a place. I just can't think of a more peaceful place to enjoy a meal.  My go-to spot is the Morning Glory Cafe. Good coffee, fresh-pressed juice from local citrus and the huevos rancheros are delicious.  After eating I like to walk through the pecan trees and check out the garden plots.Nice, relaxing spot. Great way to start the day.
5	Awesome place. Endless possibilities of spots to eat. Fresh farm food. A little pricey, but worth every penny. Very romantic lunch spot, great atmosphere. Will come back!
5	Wow. I ate the best omlet of my life here. The eggs were so light and fluffy and fresh. The vegetables were crisp and the avocado guac mix inside was to die for. Thank you, Yelp, for guiding me to the ultimate Sunday Funday brunch in Phoenix. I loved that the atmosphere was so casual. You felt like you were in a famiily's back yard (if their back yard was big and beautiful and filled with goodies. I loved that it was dog friendly. What dog wouldn't want to chill on a patio in the fresh air and maybe get a few scraps of bacon. The Bloody Mary was so fresh and had a good kick to it. We also got an order of the Monte Cristo. Woah. Insanely big slice of fluffy french toast w/ syrup, ham and an egg. I want to go back! I am a huge fan!
5	Really nice place love it it feels like you are far away from downtown
5	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place during our visit to Phoenix for Spring Training. Wow! Driving into this place you forget that you are in the desert. We arrived a little before 9am on a Sunday and were happy we did because by 9am every table was filled and people were pulling in pretty quickly. After we were seated the waitress said the coffee and water was self serve which I thought was pretty convenient. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so I was really torn about what to order. I ended up ordering the farm burrito and I was happy I did. The burrito was filled with scrambled eggs, tepary fried beans, cotija cheese and chorizo wrapped in a flour tortilla, it was fabulous. The burrito came with a side of home fries and just to warn everyone the portions are huge. I ended up only earring half of the burrito. My boyfriend ordered the farm omelette which is a popular item on the menu. Filled with fresh vegetables and a side of home fries let's just say he cleaned his plate. The ambience was great and the views were fabulous. As we were leaving we noted that this will definitely be a go to place whenever we come back to Phoenix. Such a gem of a find.
4	This a great place to go with friends, family or lover. You can enjoy sunshine and organic fresh sandwich and cakes.
4	This is a fun place to go for breakfast. Love the history on the place and how it became a farm. The food is good and so is the service for a place that is always so busy. Within the same farm they have a lunch restaurant and a dinner restaurant that are on my list to visit.You can also buy organic vegetables and watch them planting and/or picking the produce.There are picnic tables and families come to celebrate birthdays or special occasions at this place.I like this place very much!
5	The food was fantastic.   The service was excellent.  The wine list was interesting and varied.  Highly recommend this resteraunt
4	Delicious food, fabulous venue!!
5	Great little gem!  Stopped for lunch.  I enjoyed the Tuscan sandwich and a lemon bar.  Both were fantastic!!  it was $11ish for the sandwich but the portion was large.  I brought home 1/2 the sandwich.   All fresh ingredients.  All sorts of desserts to sweeten your visit.  The atmosphere was super relaxed and anyone of any age would find it enjoyable.    There are picnic tables under the trees and tables with umbrellas.  I have always said that I don't mind spending money one something that is quality and super tasty.
3	This place gets 5 stars for uniqueness and character. I've been here several times over the years and it's always lovely in the spring and the fall. The food is above average and fresh. Unfortunately, they get a 3 on service. The staff is downright rude and snippy when you ask them questions. Everything is self service and it's as if they don't want to be bothered.  Note to the business manager: please update your listing. It says you close at 4pm on Saturdays, but it's really 3pm.  We saw many people come to the door at 3:15 and they were locked. By 3:20, staff was turning the chairs upside down so we would get the hint. When I mentioned it to a staff member that the closing time on Yelp was incorrect he mumbled "yah, we get that a lot".
5	Delicious food in a beautiful setting.  We loved walking among the pecan trees, sipping lemonade and looking at the farm animals.  They even have a small produce market.  I had the pecan cinnamon brioche french toast - it was amazing!  The caramel sauce was decadent!  My husband really enjoyed his omelet.
4	This was our first visit to the Morning Glory. The scenery was beautiful this morning. Very relaxing place to enjoy starting the day. Staff was very friendly. The food was very good and the portions were large. I would deficiently go back.
4	I had an old groupon that was sitting there waiting to be used.  I wanted something new to do for a birthday lunch but did not want to go to the normal lunches.  I also wanted somewhere i could take a dog with me to enjoy the amazing weather in Arizona.  There is not much parking outside the front of the restaurant but they have an entire parking lot across the street.  From the second that you walk onto the property to the second that you leave you so not even feel like you are in Arizona.  They have a very select menu but let me say everything sounds amazing and even better everything that we order was outstanding.  I could not have asked for a better afternoon to spend with a friend.  We were able to sit at some picnic benches that were out under old pecan trees.The only thing that could be worked on is the attitude of the associates.  They were not as happy and energetic that they could have been.  Other than that this is a great place and cant wait to enjoy the amazing and fresh food of this restaurant again.
5	The Morning Glory Cafe is absolutely gorgeous.  The food portions filled me up halfway through.
5	Good food, they soften the butter for you ; -)Self serve water coffee, ice tea . You sit outside but it's shaded.
2	Ahh yes, The Farm Kitchen at The Farm At South Mountain. I had it bookmarked to try for over a year. Finally got around to doing just that on Sat, May 3rd, 2014. I guess it was a bad omen when the BBQ place I wanted to take friends was already sold out and had been before noon that day.While they may serve good ingredients they sure do charge a premium for them. I spent just short of $22 (yep, half sandwich, cup of soup, drink and a small dessert, $22) for lunch and that was no tip included.Why no tip you ask? Well other then having to make the sandwich I ordered and pour the soup into the cup you have to do everything yourself including clean up after yourself. TIPS really means: To Insure Prompt Service. There is no service here. Plus they gave me the wrong sandwich. So they got 50% of my order wrong.$22 for a self service lunch with baskets and plasticware. The sandwich was good and the soup just ok. This should have been at the very most, $10 to $12. I guess you have to pay for the ambiance of dining outside. Hey, it didn't cost them a dime to erect a building, insure it, air condition it, etc. All of the other expenses which might drive the cost up to $22.And honestly while it was nice to dine on a rickety old splinter infested wobbly picnic table under a tree, it wasn't like it was a nicely manicured golf course like lawn. I'm not sure why all you people are so WOW about this place. I'm never going back.
5	First time at Farm at South Mountain. What a hidden gem!  Beautiful gardens, shops, restaurants and mini-community. Our table (all the tables) was set on a shaded patio with gorgeous views of the naturally-landscaped gardens. My wife ordered the American Breakfast, while I had the Morning Glory Spinach Benedict.  The drinks were self serve. Our meal arrived in five minutes. She got two eggs, sausage, skillet potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit. The eggs were cooked perfectly, along with the crisp/soft potatoes. My plate had toasted muffins, cooked spinach, loads of farm ham, poached eggs with loads of hollandaise, plus the same yummy potatoes. The meal was excellent. A little pricey ($33 for the two meals and two drinks, plus tip) but absolutely worth it. The service was outstanding and the view: all five stars. This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in my LIFE, considering the whole package. Get here!  They close for summer.
3	This place is a hidden treasure.  3 different restaurants on the same grounds, all hidden away from the rest of South Phoenix.    Good food, good service, outdoor seating, beautiful grounds to stroll around on, plenty of parking, a cute little vegetable garden, a country store and much more.
3	This place is really cute and relaxing. I really like the concept of the outdoor sitting and the open area. The sandwiches were good. The only thing was the price for everything. The price for a sandwich was a bit much. My husband and I both had a sandwich and soup and it was over 30 dollars. Also we ordered the potato soup and it had no flavor. I will give it another try for breakfast.
4	It's hard to find a good, fresh place to eat, but this place is it. It's definitely a go for vegetarians and meat eaters alike but who are also concerned about ingredients. The environment is cool, but if I was reviewing based on comfort, I would take 2 stars off. I have a problem sometimes eating outdoors due to my bird phobia, and unfortunately this place is infested with birds . Just wished they had more indoor dining. But the  food is great, I just have my wife order for me, and I take home. Problem solved
5	A different world all together.  A cleverly operated dinning experience.  Unexpected    good quality breakfast amist a peaceful farm land location.
4	Great, great, great! Relaxing, classy, excellent food. I had no idea such a place existed in Phoenix. A real gem!
5	Favorite place to go in Phoenix! Great atmosphere and food with quality products and service...from farm to table.  Morning Glory is our favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of their restaurants.  Quiessence is amazing, but pricey so we only go on special occasions. Recommended to all!
4	Mobile Tip - Hope they hire an organized valet company next mother's day. Review - Now I've been to The Farm before, having eaten at Morning Glory with girlfriends on a saturday morning a while back.  It was a lovely experience (from the environment to the service - having asked for my "any style" eggs to be hard boiled.  They didnt bat an eye at the request.) and I wanted to come back for Mother's Day with my family.   Mother's Day - It's crowded.  I mean like WAY over 1+ hour wait for MG, crowded.  But that's understandable.  It was Mother's Day afterall.  If you want to come here for an event like the Mother's Day Brunch, reservations ARE required.  If you miss out on reservations for brunch, and decide to go to MG, go early!  We decided to skip MG and were going to eat at The Farm Kitchen, but we ended up having to leave because Little C ended up having a major asthma attack.  We had used the valet service for parking, which offering valet on a busy day like Mother's Day is great.  BUT only if the service is organized.  We hustle back to the valet stand and I had over the ticket.  I look at the valet stand and there are key piled up everywhere.  No organization whatsoever.  They're digging for my keys, meanwhile Little C has just puked all over me for a 3rd time.  2 minutes go by and J and I ask them a couple times if they could please hurry and find our keys.  They find our keys and one kid runs off.  Next thing I know, the head guy (I'm guessing he was the guy in charge over valet), turns to us and says in a snarky manner..."I'm SORRY your child is having issues."  Umm...excuse me?!  Thank gawd they found the keys and got our vehicle up in a flash or else I would have had to not only call 911 for Little C's breathing, but for my putting my foot up that guys ass.   I think if we decide to come back, (which I'd like to go back because the atmosphere, service, and food at MG was great) we will self park across the street.
4	I can't believe it took me 8+ years to pay a visit to the Farm. I was drawn in my a free jazz event they had one Saturday morning so a friend and I drove out for brunch. We got there before the concert started so we walked around and took in the grounds before grabbing something to eat from the cafe and lounging at a picnic table for awhile. I would definitely recommend a visit, whether you are looking for local goods, a nice meal, planning an event or check out their calendar of events.
5	The Farm has such a special place in my heart! I love going there for lunch and feeling like I am getting out of the desert and the city. It is so peaceful and quiet there. I have only been to Morning Glory and The Farm Kitchen, so I can't speak for the dinner restaurant. My cousin also had her reception here for her wedding and it was beautiful!
2	We had high expectations based on the Yelp reviews, but was disappointed on the overall conditions of the grounds around the two restaurants and the Maya farm.  The Maya firm was an actual pit, with weeds, mud, and huts in shambles. The chicken coop was in poor shape w/animals drinking out of green water. The Morning Glory cafe was good...great attentive service and the food was excellent. But, the amount of flies made it unbearable to eat, and sitting on those white plastic chairs wasn't that cool.  And, the grounds were just run down and really not ready for the public. A real gold mine, if the owners would invest in updating and cleaning up their property. Hopefully, they will.
5	This place is TOTALLY a hidden Gem! They have 3 restaurants here, that is all outdoor  seating, so I would highly recommend coming here for food, or just a relaxing time at the farm here.
5	This is a unique dining experience.  I come to Phoenix a couple times a year and this is far, the best breakfast in Phoenix.  Very casual, relaxing and super food that is fresh and natural.
4	Arizona's version of NY's Blue Hill at Stone Barns...very lovely grounds with three separate restaurants for your dining pleasure..review of their fine dining restaurant- Quintessence- is in a separate review but I wanted to note how impressed I was with the property. I came at night and it was lit up very nicely and there was a great feeling of serenity as we strolled through the property and took it all in. There was a wedding reception taking place in one area and if I lived in AZ I would definitely have considered getting hitched here.
5	What a delightful surprise to stumble upon this neighborhood local farm and market after I just ventured out in search of a new breakfast place! The wait for the breakfast restaurant was 45 minutes however after walking the farm, buying some fresh greens, produce and watching a duck lay eggs, I'm glad we decided to head back to the brunch building. We enjoyed amaziny "bltcda" (bacon, lettuce, tomato, chicken, dates, apple) half sandwich with soup ( cream of mushroom and Italian sausage were both amazing), potato salad,  greek salad and some sodas..  Needless to say, I can't wait to get back to Phoenix to try the breakfast with my cute boyfriend ;)
4	Yum, been for lunch a few times and love everything I get. Careful crossing the street that can be a challenge but worth it!!
3	Mixed review.I liked their shops. Lots of fun items. I liked the produce stand. The man working there offered to hold my bags in a fridge while I went to eat. He was very helpful. The restaurant was not worth the wait. We waited well over and hour for a party of 2. Once seated, our table tilted when leaned on because it wasn't level, there were a ridiculous amount of flies, and little bits from the tree repeatedly fell into our drinks and food. The food was pretty good. It tasted very fresh, but a bit bland. The prices were really high.
4	Farm At South Mountain is such a gift to the city of Phoenix. As a public school teacher, I often stress to my students the importance of eating healthier and more sustainable local foods. It is wonderful to have such a great farm so close to town so that children can see that food should be grown from the ground and that it doesn't just come from packaging. I would love to take my students here one day for a field trip to walk the grounds.I came here with a large group of friends for brunch. The wait for our large group was a little over an hour but the time went by quickly as we walked around the many shops and fields. The restaurant also has plenty of water and iced tea available for patrons as they waited for their table.I really enjoyed roaming the grounds here and dining with my friends. Most of us really enjoyed our meals, but the waffle I had was not worth it. Everyone else's entrees looked much better than mine. I cannot wait to come back here to try other dishes.
5	An absolutely delicious brunch with honest food and eager to please staff. Youll definitely see me again.
5	Great place to take out of town guests when the weather is nice!
