4	A suitable East Side alternative to the mammoth Woodman's.  Quiet and unassuming, the Jenny Street Market has the butcher in town.  While the selection of grocer goods can be a bit limited, if you just need to grab some stuff for tonight's dinner or some brats for your cook-out, this should be your destination.
5	i love grocery stores.  a decent place to shop for food is the mark of a town's liveability.  (believe me, i know--i lived in florida with nowhere to shop but publix.)  upon settling in the jenny spaight area, the search for groceries began. i have two rules:  i want to shop in my neighborhood--preferably locally owned, and i want to be able to do 90% of my food/beer buying in one place.  now certainly, being the good isthmus dweller that i am, i cherish the co-op.  problem is, i have a serious diet coke addiction, as well as a lust for some other salty, fat-laden goodies, which means that the co-op doesn't satisfy rule number 2.  then, i discover jenny street market.  it is love at first sight.  a small, locally owned grocery store full of friendly faces and nifty food finds.  what more could i want?  decent array of produce? check. fine selection of cheeses?  it's wisconsin.  fage yogurts?  um-huh.  more ice cream than you can shake a stick at?  got it.  fancy crackers (i am a sucker)?  yep.  a walk-in beer cooler, complete with jackets for comfort? oh yeah.  nonni's biscotti?  yes ma'am.  and of course, diet cokes.i love the neighborhood grocery.  makes me feel at home.  prices are a bit higher (so i hear) than woodmans (never been) or some of the other bigger stores, but i feel good supporting local markets.  selection may not be as vast as the biggies, but the bottom line is if i can't find it at jenny's, i don't need it.
4	I am addicted to Jenifer Street Market's fresh orange juice! Now that we no longer live on the east side, it's more of a treat than a staple in my fridge...unfortunately. I've heard that the meat counter here is wonderful. Usually, we just zip in and out with a few goodies.
4	Their meat is definately as good as it gets.  My dad came into town recently and wanted to get good steaks.  I took him here, and he was amazed.  They are pricey, but you get what you pay for.  Incredible.
4	A great neighborhood grocery store. They have their own label products that are often higher quality than the better known brands. They have an excellent meat department (although the staff rarely knows much about what they are selling--kids and all--so don't ask for cooking tips). The cheese department is one of the best in the city and far surpasses the co-op down the street. Produce can be hit or miss, but they will often have what Willy St. Coop is out of (and vice-versa). Prices are definitely higher than Woodman's but so is the quality.
4	Great little market that manages to carry most everything.  Makes me sorry Madison doesn't more neighborhood markets.  Surprisingly good selection of produce, ice cream, wine and beer.  Many of the cashiers seem disengaged which is too bad since so many of the customers are from the neighborhood and would probably like to make eye contact with the cashiers they see regularly.Bring cash - credit cards aren't accepted.
1	I know that people really like this place and it is a very nice thing to have a local market in this neighborhood.   But I have to bring this place down a few notches. I had the displeasure of having to resolve some issues with the management some time ago and was met with such a smug and uncooperative attitude that it greatly changed my opinion of the place.A good grocery requires happy management and for some reason these people are very unhappy.
4	Really?!  No one has reviewed this place yet?Jenifer Street is the go-between market for those of us who don't necessarily want to shop at Woodman's but also don't want to spend a lump of cash at the Co-Op.  The selections here are good, the meats aren't bad (though they have far fewer local selections than they should), and the beer corner is just awesome.  Seriously, the beer corner is the best part of this store.  They even provide jackets for people to wear.  If that doesn't get you here, nothing will.The produce is a mix of local and not, but it's a good mix.  I go here for pretty much everything when I don't want to drive too far for something.  The Co-Op is great, but it just charges FAR too much for a lot of things.  That is what drove me to Jenifer Street in the first place, and I've never looked back.  Sure, I still hit the Co-Op up for some things, but they're the things I know I can only get there.Anyway, this store is great and it's a neighborhood fixture.  It's cash only, but there is an ATM at the front door and when you get money out of it, you get a $1 coupon for shopping at the store.  That gives you the $1 back that the ATM took from you to get the cash.  VERY nice touch!!Overall, this is THE place I go to when I want to hit up a non-major outlet on the near Eastside.  Willy St. is good too, but know that there's a fiscally savvy option just down the road.
5	Best meat in Madison. How do I know this? Have you ever had a Bou burger? If yes, then you know. If no, then go to the Caribou on Johnson.
3	I love this place for its convenience and the old-fashioned neighborhood grocery feel. I wish we had more. The meat, beer and wine selections are good. The quality of the produce is too variable for the price. I've also noticed that you have to check expiration dates on everything. I've found a few expired items on the shelves and once was given sliced turkey that was partially green. I do think many people assume that it provides more locally grown and organic items than it actually does. Still, it has enough going for it to make a quick walk more than worth while.
3	I have been visiting this store since 1989.  The market has an excellent wine, beer and cheese selection.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  The butcher counter is awesome!  My only complaint is that the produce has taken a bit of a nosedive in the last couple of years...I really have to inspect veggies and fruits before purchasing, as they are often rotten.  Don't know if it's due to a change in produce staff or whatever.  I purchase my produce at the Co-op and most of my other food items at J Street.  Oh, and as somebody else has mentioned, you REALLY have to look to make certain that items aren't past their due dates.  Otherwise, you can't beat this place.  A very nice neighborhood feel.
5	4.5 stars.This is my favorite place to shop in Madison, and I've tried them all, many times.Fresh-squeezed orange juice? Check. Decently priced bread? Check. Good produce? Check. Knowledgeable butcher? Check. Great wine selection & prices? Check. Not the Co-op? Check.The problem with Woodman's is it sucks the life force out of you and makes you want to stick your head in a toilet, though goods are so cheap that you return again and suffer again and so on. The problem with the Co-op is . . . well, it's The Co-Op. Good for some things, important for ethically raised, locally sourced meat, but but but but but. Jenifer St. Market is a great local joint that really is a midway type of place. It's easy to get around in, which is probably its greatest strength. You can't find everything here, but you can find most things. I often find too much candy, but that's my own idiosyncratic problem. The wine selection is pretty good and the prices are really reasonable! I got two bottles last night, one white and one red, and didn't pay more than $12 for either. The meat counter is superb, though the ethical meat selection isn't so hot (they do sell Bare rotisserie chickens and Bell and Evans whole and pieced chickens, same as the Co-Op). Some downsides:-Extremely annoying cash-only policy. There's a free ATM out front (you get charged $1 and then the machine gives you a $1 coupon).  -The market seems to have a policy of only hiring 16-year-old girls who have never packed a grocery bag or even bought groceries before. One girl once literally threw a tomato into my bag while I looked on with horror.
3	Nice place to shop in a pinch. They've got a good selection of things (e.g. beer, cheese, deli meat, prime cuts, and produce), but this is also a bit of the weakness, no? If I got full on grocery shopping to do, I'll go to Hy-Vee. Nice staff, fairly helpful and knowledgeable. Some of the customers need to take a bath though.
5	If they accepted credit cards this here folks would trump Disneyland as the happiest friggin place on earth. Edit: If they accepted credit cards and let you take pictures with Belle this here folks would trump Disneyland as the happiest friggin place on earth.
3	Come here to wear the big jackets and dance in the beer room! The deli is good, the produce is great, decent selection of all things I eat. They have a good mix of more expensive local stuff and conventional goods. Baked goods are not that great. By this I mean "kind of gross"Remember to bring your cash!
4	Wow, I think I found my new favorite local grocery store! A friend told me about Jenifer Street Market and said they have great prepared foods and meats. I went after work today to pick up a couple things and I loved it!Jenifer St. Market has great prices on in-season produce. I bought a giant spaghetti squash for $1!!! They have a great selection of wine and beer and a lot of basic items that other small markets lack (or charge an arm and a leg for). Friendly staff. Parking is easy in the lot. Cash only!!!
4	Even though the place is tiny, I'm a huge fan of it. You'll be hard-pressed to find better quality produce or meat in the area, and their beer cooler is one of the best in terms of variety and options.Service has always been friendly and helpful; their butcher shop is fantastic - I needed a bone-in pork shoulder and when I inquired about one, the butcher said, "I can cut one as big or as small as you'd like - it takes about a minute." I was looking for something in the 9-lb range, and within 30-seconds, I had a 9.12-pound pork shoulder. Price was more than fair at $2.49/lb.What a great neighborhood market. If you're looking for big box items or need to choose from six dozen different types of bottled water when you shop, you might want to head elsewhere. If high quality and fresh food is what you're after, look no further. Yes, it's cash only. They have an ATM that offers you a rebate on your grocery purchase to help offset the transaction fees. Oh, and be sure to check out the cheese selection! Yum!
4	i'm surprised this place got three $, I think it's very reasonably priced. having said that I only ever buy meats, produce and beer there. compared to woodman's the beer is probably 10% more expensive but they have a better selection in their 500 sq ft cooler than the entire woodman's liquor store. seriously, mikkeller, green flash, hoppin' frog, clown shoes, three floyds, Stillwater, etc, etc, etc. truly a craft beer paradise. they don't even waste their shelf space with bud, coors, or miller. bring a sweater. you have to stand in the cooler to make your selection, which we all know can take some time. another thing I love about this place is that you can actually make a dollar by using their atm. they charge a dollar fee but then give you a coupon for a dollar off any purchase over $10. if you use the coupon and you have a bank that reimburses you for atm fees, you make a buck. sweet. it's a really cozy market, as opposed to the big box places, and you get a good, comfortable feeling shopping there.only downsides are that it is a small place so it can get crowded, cash only so no cc points, and checkout is often on the slow side.
4	I love the Jenny so much. For such a tiny store, it is amazing how many needs they can fulfill.The butcher counter is astounding for a neighborhood grocery, but perhaps more impressive is the craft beer selection. Kudos for an impressive and very reasonably price wine and cheese selection! The only area the Jenny has to improve on is their produce. The veggies are not generally very fresh looking and they continue to keep their potatoes too close to their onions which leads to the onions rotting very quickly.THe produce notwithstanding, I'm lucky to have a neighborhood market like the Jenny.
2	Most things here are great, but the checkout staff is something that needs A LOT of fixing. They are slow, unfriendly, and frankly, shouldn't be in the customer service field if they can't treat a customer LIKE A CUSTOMER. And that doesn't mean kiss a customer's butt while doing your job - just wear a damn smile and say "Thank You" every once in a while.
5	Awesome end of summer produce at incredible prices you guys! Get there and eye over everything upfront... nabbed some sweet pineapple and peaches on the cheap!
5	Beer selection, meat market and convenience surpassed only by friendly and helpful staff. Produce section vastly proved over the last few years. The anti-Woodman's.
1	Recently, when we've shopped at JSM, we've had the unfortunate experience of returning home, excited to use/or are in the midst of using a product, whereupon we notice one of the following: 1. Far past the expiration date; 2. Poor quality; 3. Stale. Of the expired items I can recall, one was a package of tortillas, purchased in the last few days that expired 12/09/13! Almost a full month past expiration! A month ago, I bought hummus. It didn't look right when I opened it (mold), & of course, it had expired 2 weeks earlier. Fortunately, we didn't eat the hummus. Unfortunately, we discovered the tortillas had expired in the middle of dinner. There've been a handful of instances where rolls/breads are stale, particularly from the bins by the registers. Rolls weren't just hard on the outside or a day past fresh-baked, we're talking inedible. It's incredibly disappointing too, when you're looking forward to good bread. Then there's the deli, where there's been a few issues. Deli issue #1: My wife bought sliced deli meat, a cut known for being fatty, but this one was overly so. It was slimy, chewy, tough, flavorless, & ultimately inedible. It was the first time I've returned meat. I'm a carnivore. I've had hackepeter, steak tartare, tripe, chitlins, sheep brain, sheep testicle... things most people won't eat. This particular deli meat however, was a few steps beyond. Deli issue #2: More an observation, which now prevents me from buying from the previously liked, pre-made deli salad section. One time at the deli counter, I saw a JSM worker "clean" the front of the pre-made salad case, from the inside, with a towel. Mind you, none of the salads were taken out of the case or covered for the cleaning process. So when this worker brought the towel back out of the case, I was aghast to see a dirty towel, with all sorts of crumbs, crumbles, food pieces & products, being carried haphazardly, over uncovered salads. I saw some bits fall from the towel, over the salads, as it was brought out of the case. Deli issue #3: A JSM worker cut slices of meat & cheese, kindly packaging them with care. However, he did so without gloves & without washing his hands. I was pretty much done with the JSM deli at this point. You can have all the locally produced, environmentally friendly, organic, small batch, artisan &/or handmade, gluten-free, nonsense all you want. It does no good however, when it's stored in unclean, unsanitary conditions, &/or expired all together. If I were a "freegan" I'd say this place was a rip-off. Everyone knows you can get spoiled foods in dumpsters behind most grocery stores, for free. I'd also make exceptions for small "mom & pop" businesses, but I have standards & limits. JSM has surpassed both. It's unfortunate since we like the place, or rather, we want to like it, but there are just too many problems.
4	When I moved to my current home, Jenifer St Market was one of the main reasons... Underground parking, bus line, and groceries within walking distance.I find the staff to be helpful, the meat counter excellent, cheese selection fantastic and the beer cooler beyond compare. I am in the store way too often. Grab a rotisserie chicken, a garnet yam and some incredible cauliflower fresh from the field. Dinner in no time flat.A gem indeed.
4	My roots with this little store go very deep.The house next door was my grandparents', for my whole life, until they passed away in the '80s. My uncle put himself through college at UW Madison working here in the '60s. I still remember watching him spray-stencil the sale signs for the windows when I was a small child. When I was going to middle school at (then) Marquette, I was probably in this store several times a week.So it's part of the family; loved it then, love it now. I don't know how they fit so many awesome and hard to find elsewhere goodies in this small space, but they do. Founder's Rubaeus beer? They've got it. Colectivo coffee? Check. Awesome steaks and house made brats? Double check.You will have to write a check, btw, if you didn't bring cash; no plastic accepted. There is an ATM, with a fee, if you prefer that route. I get it and understand why, etc., but it's the only reason I don't give it five stars.Love this lil' place.
4	This won't be a very helpful review because the only reason I really came here was specifically for their beer...A surprisingly good selection of beer that's entirely found inside of a walk-in daaaamn cold fridge (almost freezer) in the back corner of the store. The selection is great, the pricing is fair, and the beer (at least what I got) is fresh. I can't attest to other items in the store being expired like some reviewers are complaining about, other than that my dad got a few things from around the store and they weren't expired. Or, if they were, he didn't get sick or keel over and die from anything he got at Jenifer Street Market.It's not a true beer store, but if you're in Madison and want beer, stop by. I knock off a star because they're cash only, and they don't have a true singles section for their beers. Bummer.
3	My jets are cooling on Jenny-Street Market... Now that I live in the neighborhood and I find myself stopping by more and more often, the shine is starting to tarnish. - Produce is taking a steady turn for the worse. Some seasonal items remain outstanding, but for the most part, most of their items leave much to be desired in terms of quality.- The layout is terrible. Nothing is in a logical place. I've probably walked 10-miles in those aisles over the course of a year while looking for items. - Crowded checkout area. Always a line. And, if I had a nickel for every person who's gone to pay only to learn it's cash only (and then go to the ATM while the line waits)... ugh. - Expensive. Case in point: Cowboy Charcoal. $9.99 for 8-lbs at Jenifer Street. $5.99 for 8-lbs at Woodmans. + Outstanding beer cooler. I think I'll limit my shopping here to this area and be happy (minus the wait to check out).
3	Here's the thing, I just never have cash on me, and so it's unlikely I'll ever do the bulk of my shopping at Jenifer Street Market. With that said, my excitement from a year ago has dimmed due to the fact that their produce section has really taken a hit, and I find the place a bit dirty. I don't really want the place I'm buying consumable products to be dirty. Staff is helpful and I don't mind their unfortunate maroon vests (seriously what's with those) but the place has just really gone down hill and doesn't warrant using the ATM and paying insane fees.
5	This place is THE BEST! Struck out at four different grocery stores looking for a Tofurkey to please the vegetarians at out thanksgiving, called the market to see if they had one in stock and they did but only a few left. Asked if they could hold one for me and they did one better and delivered it to me as I work near one of their regular delivery sites. Seriously saved my holiday!
