5	This Kohl's is a hidden little gem :)It's a bit out of the way, there's nothing really around there yet, except for a Chase bank & a Wendy's.... so basically everything you need when you go shopping, lol!This location is always very clean, well stocked & there's hardly ever any lines!All of these things make it my favorite Kohl's location :D
5	I purchased a pair of shoes for work & after wearing them for a week decided to return them (they hurt my feet). I lost my receipt & expected to run into problems, however I'm happy to report that it went smoothly! The young lady at customer service simply entered our debit card number into their system & pulled up the actual transaction. The young lady was very friendly & helpful as well. She explained the changes they've made with regards to Kohls cash & coupons etc. I LOVE this store & would recommend it to everyone.
5	It's a nice, clean store. It's still off the beaten path so, unless you love crowded shopping, you'll enjoy have free run of the store. Very friendly staff.
5	Of the two stores in suprise, this one is the best.  Polite and helpful employees, much better organized and stocked products. The parking here is great, as they do not share a lot in a busy shopping center andthe store is less busy.
5	This Kohl's is a fantastic treasure in Surprise versus the store located on Bell Rd. The staff is polite and helpful, the store is CLEAN and the clothes are even on the proper hangers! Although it's still important to make sure to check the size on the hanger versus the actual size of the item, you are less likely to have an error at this store than the one on Bell Rd.  I honestly hesitate to review this place so highly because I don't want it to get overrun but I can't help but gush about it.
5	I love Kohls. My favorite place to clothes shop. Always have good deals. Love the Apt. 9 brand and you always have a selection of clearance shoes. Keep it ip!!!
5	I like this store much more then bell rd. its newer nice quiter. I enjoyed my time there. I think everything is easy to find. I really enjoyed this store:) i will be back now that i live more west in surprise this will be my new store!
