5	This is a tiny shop and everyone in it is just WONDERFUL!! I was the Maid of Honor in a recent wedding and the ladies at this shop went above and beyond to make the bride's dress and the bridesmaid's dresses.  To begin, Jeannie has an amazing eye... she was able to help us get dresses to flatter every figure.  One of the bridesmaids lives out of town and is quite large.  She helped us pick a dress and suggested alterations to make it work. When the out of town bridesmaid's dress didn't fit (she sent the wrong measurements) Loretta, the seamstress altered it perfectly.  Don't waste your time at big chains where you are just another number.
2	This store had wonderful reviews ....therefore I chose to give it a shot.  I made an appointment prior to arrival with the specific types of gowns I was looking for documented in the phone call.  When I arrived, I was asked to AGAIN outline what I wanted wasting a good 30 minutes of both our time.  I was from out of town and would rather spend my time more wisely.  Further, the owners dog was running all over the store.  I have extreme allergies and found this beyond irritating.  When I told her I was allergic she rolled her eyes at me and told me I was in the "couture" section and could not afford the dresses.  She had NO idea what my budget was at this point.  Very small selection ladies.
1	Giving this business only one star is still one star too many, Customer service here is horrible, The woman who runs it is very rude and unprofessional. Not to mention this place is a ripoff, I have found the same dresses other places For almost 30% cheaper. Do not waste your time and money go somewhere else, save yourself the aggravation
5	Excellent customer service!!!! Jeannie is fantastic. I made a same day appointment to meet with her; and prior to getting off the phone she asked: size, my preference in style of dresses, and gave me specific directions to find the Boutique. My sister and I were warmly greeted by Jeannie, we immediately felt welcomed & comfortable. She found several beautiful gowns in my size to try, she even walked us around to see other dresses we liked. She found a dress THE perfect dress for me.  She introduced us to her lovely seamstress, as I had on the dress to discuss important details.  I said yes to the dress!! She is really kind, patient, &  takes her time to make sure all of your questions/concerns are addressed.She even wrote me a lovely e-mail  the same day!If you're looking for a place that makes your feel special from beginning to end, please make an appointment with Bridal & Boutique-- you won't regret it!
2	Selection was poor. The customer service was ok as the woman in the shop was helpful and wanted to please, but the few gowns they did have were old and outdated.
5	I am am an offbeat bride. I'm a size 20 and feel most comfortable in a t-shirt and jeans. I was dreading shopping for a wedding dress which is the complete opposite of how a bride SHOULD feel. Taking all this into account I'm so happy I went to Bridal & Boutique! Jeanne (or Jeannie?) made me feel immediately comfortable and assured me we would find the perfect dress. I didn't feel judged for my size. She provided a corset bra in my size for me to wear while trying on the dresses since I didn't have the proper undergarments. She was personable and friendly and knowledgable. She put me in a few dresses that I never in a million years would have thought would look good on me, but they did! She has a great eye, and she made me see myself differently. I ended up buying the second dress I tried on because under Jeanne/Jeannie's tasteful eye it flattered my figure perfectly, giving me a defined waist while flattening my tummy. Although the dress isn't exactly my vision, she will have it altered to match exactly what I want. We are altering the length, adding fuller sleeves, a green sash and a green tulle underskirt for a pop of my favorite color for my fall wedding! Additionally, she made sure that even with all that customization it came in at the budget I gave her when I first walked in the door. I've read some of the bad reviews here on yelp and I have to say those experiences are so far from my own that I almost can't believe them. True, her dogs were in the shop, but when I was there she had them shut in the back office until I told her she could bring them out because I love dogs. And they gave me a friendly sniff and hello and then went and laid down near the front of the store. They were no bother at all. Everything I saw was clean and well taken care of. As someone who was intimidated by wedding dress shopping, my experience at Bridal & Boutique could not have been more pleasantly surprising or enjoyable. I can't wait for my first fitting!
5	I got married last month and I called around many different Bridal Shops to try on in town for months.I tried more than 100 dresses but still did not find THE ONE until I had an appointment with the Bridal Boutique.The Boutique wasn't real big but it was inviting and friendly.Many different and unique styles were in stock to caught my eyes. After being many different shops I could sense this  boutique was different. The manager was very professional and extremely knowledgeable. She knew what I wanted and the look I was looking for. She then pulled out a couple of dresses to try on and very First One ,,, I knew that was it...Beautiful silver embroidery with over lay of lace which was just amazing ... it fits and looks I have been dreaming of..The custom fitting was great and the promptness of their services were also highly recommended.One of my associates from work is  getting married in Sept and she is also getting her dress at this Boutique as well.I had a great time dealing with the staff and just pleasant experience that I had and just wanted to share with everyone.
5	"Excellent customer service and awesome wedding gowns and accessories."I recommend the store because I had an amazing experience in the store. I tried on more than 50 gowns before I went to there but I did not find my gowns. Jeannie is amazing. She was helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and so nice. I felt comfortable with her because she willing to help me. Finally, I found my perfect wedding gown in there. I just bought wedding gown but Jeannie found a lovely veil. My friends said the veil is perfect fit with my gown. I highly recommend the shop. Thank you Jeannie. My dress and veil was so pretty and perfect to me.
5	The best bridal experience! I had been on the hunt for over 2 weeks, I was trying to keep to a budget. After going to a few different shops I was having trouble finding something that was perfect with a perfect price tag. After contacting the store owner, she quickly returned my call. She inquired about the style of dress I was looking for. I did my best to describe what I was picturing, and then inquired about her having something in my price rang. She told me she had just the dress and that it was on sale! When I arrived there was a dress on display that I fell in love with first sight. She was dealing with a customer over the phone so I peaked at the tag and GULP it was out of my range. And I looked for others that may better fit my price point. The owner having finished her phone call approached me and asked if I liked the display( the one that made my heart skip a beat). I replied yes, sheepishly. She said that this is actually the one that she had picked for me and that is was on sale and in my range.THIS OWNER WAS NOT ONLY ABLE TO SELECT MY DREAM DRESS JUST BY A SIMPLE PHONE CALL, but also had a warm kind demeanor. I am so very grateful for her taking the time to use her experience and knowledge to help me find the dress.- thank you so very much!
5	My wedding is next month in October and I have been working with Jeannie since this past January to find the perfect gown for me. She has been nothing less than amazing!!! She returns all my calls/emails, and is just so willing to help wit htm whatever I need. It has been an absolute joy working with her. Would recommend her business to anyone!! Thank you Jeannie for all your hard work and help
