4	This plane has to do I rinks.  There could be free skating on one wild berry and ice hockey on the other. With the hockey rink being divided into three smaller rinks horrible kids teens to play and practice. If I lived in the Phoenix area, and had a child that was interested in playing hockey, or I was interested in playing hockey myself, this place would be fantastic.
5	We've been taking our 3 year old here for ice skating lessons and the kiddo loves it. At first I was apprehensive - I mean really, she just learned to walk 2 years ago! - but she really enjoys it and I give the instructors all the credit. I think they do a great job at getting her comfortable on the ice without being pushy.  The students' ages vary but bc the skill level is the same for each group it works out. I was worried that being with older kids my daughter would get trampled on or something. Haha. We signed her up for the next level and can't wait what skills she's moving on to.  There's also a food area but I've never had anything to eat there.  The bathrooms could use a little updating but it's usable. Oh yeah and summertime in 60 degree temperature-you can't beat it!
1	Pieces of human garbage run this place.  Our neighbor had a couple of extra tickets to an on ice performance of Frozen put on in the god awful dump now known as AZ Ice.  We arrived early and were mortified to see that the show was oversold and there were no more seats.  The person who planned this must have been hit in the head with a puck in the past and has to have someone else lace up her skates.  Instead of telling our neighbor's kid that she wouldn't get to see Frozen on her birthday we sat on the cold metal floor near the glass.  Mercifully, they had an intermission before my hip, knees and back gave out from sitting cross legged for forty minutes. We got up and stretched and went into the foul smelling, poorly run bathrooms.When we returned our spot was taken by some kids so we moved down to an open area.  Just before the show started again some fart faced woman approached us and started spazzing out over her kid's seats being stolen.  I told her we would love to sit somewhere else but had nowhere to go.  She couldn't believe that sitting on the ground were people's urine covered shoes had been wasn't our first choice.  Before I could finish explaining to her that she was a moron her husband, who was clearly been experiencing steroid induced performance issues, couldn't Let It Go and yelled at my wife and I. I got up and he nearly started a fist fight.  Finally, one of the frazzled employees asked for permission to use the facilities shared brain and the family was told to sit down and shut up.We thought it was all over when a blotchy faced cave woman approached us and asked if we had a problem.  Still shocked from earlier we didn't know how to respond.  She said if we cause any more problems we will be kicked out.  Having the fear of being kicked out of a low budget, unlicensed, community theater production of Frozen sending shivers down our spines we sat silently for the rest of the show.  Bottom line:  If you dropped out of high school, have a severe brain injury, don't read so good or consider yourself to be walking diarrhea you should open a skating rink.  It must not be that hard.
3	The facility is wonderful - very clean, tons of seating for spectators during open skate - the ice is in great shape and there is ample parking.  Unfortunately, there are 2 issues here:1.  Several of the young staff members provided good customer service, however there were 2 young girls working on Christmas Eve early afternoon (1:30 - 3:30 open skate) that had horrible attitudes.  Of particular note was the staff member working the concession stand at 3:30 pm, who served up an awful attitude, complete with eye-rolling, along with our hot cocoa that we ordered.  We had such a pleasant experience until just as we were about to leave and decided to grab a hot chocolate to warm up - and unfortunately, it was her attitude that left a poor taste in our mouths!  2.  There is no supervision on the ice - I have never been to a busy public skate session anywhere else where there wasn't at least once ice guard on duty.
