5	I love this radio station.  As soon as I'm within an hour or so of the Pittsburgh area, I tune in and catch every second of amazing programming that I can.  Imagine a public radio station in this day and age.  One that plays music from all decades (but mainly focuses on relatively recent releases) and not just classical music and the news.  There are NPR news updates every hour on the hour and some special talk radio programs here and there (including my very favorite radio show, the brilliant _This American Life_), but for the most part you get music, music, music.The entire staff is really knowledgeable about what gets played.  Every CD gets listened to with care before the music director and his staff decide whether it'll get put into rotation.  No record companies or big businesses breathing down the deejays' backs here, for a change.  The songs you here are of the highest caliber.  That doesn't necessarily mean I dig 'em all--sometimes I have to just sit back and take it in, thinking of WYEP 91.3 ("where the music matters!") as this amazing mix tape made by a friend.  Not every song is going to hit me just right the first time, but I have to realize that each and every tune was chosen with care and for many reasons.  That thought encourages me to stop my obnoxious habit of flipping the dial as soon as I don't feel a love relationship blossoming between me and the song that's just started.If you don't live in Pittsburgh, worry not--you can listen to streaming audio at wyep.org!  I have done this many a time, I tell you.  If you do live in Pittsburgh, the perks get even better.  Volunteer and you get to see the studio and their amazing collection of CDs.  Volunteer at a festival and see some of your favorite singers up close and personal for free!  There are volunteer appreciation shows, member appreciation shows, and of course plain old shows for the regular public (some free, some not).  There's always something going on, so be sure to check out the website.  I'm rarely in town for the summer concert series, but a few years back I stood in the front row of a Wilco concert for free!  Thanks, public radio and all of you out there who donate time and money. Wish I still lived near a station as great as this.
5	One of the very few things I truly miss about Pittsburgh.  This station is truly a gem.  Thank you WYEP for the live stream so I can still listen.   Have to admit it makes me a little homesick when I do.
5	Do you love music?  Are you tired of Lady Gaga or Pink or the Jonas Brothers ad nauseum?  Does the thought of the same 50 classic rock songs over-and-over (as excellent as those songs are) make you wish you had some paint to watch dry? Do you remember when WDVE played new music along with classic rock?  Do you remember when they played Nirvana, Cracker, Dada, and the Lemonheads alongside the Beatles and The Who?  Remember when shows like "Brave New World" were at their peak?Well come on over to WYEP!  If your tastes are as eclectic as mine, then they got ya covered!  Just in the past hour alone, I listened to Chuck Prophet, Tracey Chapman, Stray Cats, PJ Harvey, Citizen Cope, Delbert Mclinton, Suzanne Vega, Marvin Gaye and the Dave Matthews Band.  Some of my favorite programs include "An American Sampler with Ken Batista" in which he covers new and traditional folk music; "The Roots and Rhythm Mix with Kit Strecker" in which she showcases traditional Bluegrass, Country, and Americana; and the Afternoon Mix and Evening Mix.  WYEP also carries NPR staples like "This American Life."WYEP has a preset on our car radio and is a staple in the Susan D. house.  If you like intelligent programming and your tastes in music have matured into an eclectic mix, then this is the station for you.
5	This is great radio, indy rock, college rock, blues, oldies, and bluegrass all wrapped up in a public radio station not counting on commercials for income. They have a great staff, who know what the music is all about. No morning shock jock Quinn and Banana routines. Just good non top 40 radio and NPR at the top of the hour.
3	Great station! I know you need memberships to stay alive but do you have to have membership drives every week. And beg during every commercial break. Its pretty irritating to already established members. Some of the djs have really obnoxious voices as well and they are usually the ones that talk the most. More music and less talk may get you the memberships you need.
5	This radio station is one of the best things about living in Pittsburgh. It's an indie/classic rock, folk, sometimes bluegrass station that's also a public radio station, so no commericals. They keep the programming pretty fresh here, so you can listen day in and day out and you'll hear very little repetition. You can also go to their website to view the playlist every day, in case you hear something you like but don't get the name of the performer. I've discovered so many bands and lots of cool music listening to WYEP. They host a free music event every month called Third Thursdays, where you can listen to live local music and have a few beers (Penn Brewery, too, so the good stuff!), and there's an annual summer music fest they host too. You will get membership drives on this station, but that's part of the trade-off...become a member and listen guilt free!
5	91.3 is one of the best radio stations in the city, by far.  And few other cities have a station like it.  WYEP is a great place to go for new music that doesn't fall into the mainstream scene.  They play a lot of bands and artists that are still coming up, as well as a good collection of older quality music.  Dylan, The Band, etc to My Morning Jacket, Cold War Kids and more.The station also has plenty of free concerts throughout the summer, bringing new and growing acts to the city.  Fitz and the Tantrums just rocked a show between Jukebox the Ghost and Eli "Paperboy" Reed at WYEP's annual summer music festival.  You can even go down to their studio to catch a show by bands they bring in, and they usually have some free beers from local breweries.Overall, WYEP is just a great station and a great part of the city.
5	Hands down the best radio station in the city. This station plays a little bit of everything, and I really mean EVERYTHING. Indie Rock, Delta Blues, Modern Rock, College Rock, older hip-hop, funk, the list can go on and on. In addition to music WYEP also has great additional programing, my favorite being This American Life.There are lots of different DJ's and each seem to play the sort of music they personally enjoy. My favorite had to be Bumble Bee Slim (seriously what a great name) who used to spin blues every Saturday night. I think he retired last year, but he had that quintessential DJ voice.I definitely like some of the DJ's better than others, mostly because of personal music preferences, but  have noticed that everyone who works at YEP is extremely passionate about music and aren't afraid to play something other radio stations won't.Finally, the greatest thing about WYEP is no commercials!
5	I concur - best local music station I've ever heard.  The DJs all seem to be very passionate about music, and they manage to pull it off very professionally.  (I want to say the station has an overall "slick" production sound, but that makes it look like I think they're disingenuous.)  Good mix of old and new, good mix of general indie rock with specialty/genre shows.  I might not like everything I hear on there, but I can't say they ever play bad music.  Definitely the best station in town.
1	This station definately should be taken off of the air.  The only saving grace is the old songs that are not often enough played.  The girl singer all sound the same,  the music is boring and drab, and the pitch for  money is constant.  Would not recommend wasting your electricity on this radio station.
