5	Go here!  Fresh, crafted juices, breakfast, locally roasted coffee, amazing food!  Beautiful atmosphere, attentive and friendly staff, great patio, creative and delicious eats.  I am soooooo impressed!  Also: plenty of organic and local stuff on the menu.  Plus: they have cocktails made with the fresh juice they make.  Hello???  What else could you want?  Health conscious people will be absolutely delighted.  I sure was.  This place rules.  Fresh sushi tuna appetizer, excellent fresh juiced bloody Mary, pan seared salmon to die for and finished with chocolate beet cake.  Seriously.  Go here.
5	You must check out this place!!!!!  I went there for dinner tonight, and it was amazing!!!  Beautiful, cozy atmosphere, and great food choices!!  No matter what style of food you feel like, they will have a dish to satisfy your pallet.  The cold pressed juices are delicious!!!  Not to mention the high end cocktails that you can get mixed with the juices!!  What's better than enjoying a cocktail and knowing it's actually "healthy"!!!!!!????  Can't see a better combo!!  Please go, try it...I can't see how you won't love the place yourself!!!
5	Love this place! The service staff was super friendly. My friends and I shared a couple different plates. We really enjoyed the enchiladas and the veggie burger has tons of flavor. I can't wait to get back in there to try more food and check out some of the cocktails!
5	This is just what this part of town needed. Something fresh, something unique, something original and most of all something with Variety!The menu serves up quite the variety. I was fortunate enough to be with a large group that wanted to try (and share) quite a few items, and I must say - everyone single one rocked. Start with a cocktail - preferrably the Eternal Sunshine or Disco Lemonade, much on some $5 chips and guac for happy hour - and then save up some room for the Turkey Burger. It is literally the best damn burger I've ever eaten. Don't look it over just because it's turkey. It competes with the best of them - and in my opinion - WINS.I also had the chocolate beet cake - it was divine. Rich, amazingly moist and full of flavor. Love, love, love! Can't wait to sit on the outside patio, in the beautiful fall/winter weather and enjoy this wonderful new place. Way to go guys.
5	awesome place. nice atmosphere. very polite service. my bf is gluten free and this was a great menu selection for people who are allergic to wheat.
1	DON'T BOTHER ~ YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO FIND IT ANYWAY WITH THEIR SIGN REVERSED AND UNREADABLE!   I don't who wrote these other reviews, but I think they were written by insiders or employees. Went on a Friday night at 7:30 & there was hardly anyone there...  A table of 4 & a table of 6 were quickly seated after we got there. The decor is nice but has a strange room at the far end of the restaurant that is a half glass wall with a bunch of TV's & seating. After a while it occurred to me as to why this room looked so strange... It was just like what you'd see in an upscale hotel, especially for a wedding party, banquet, meeting administrators, etc...  That's when everything else made sense...  such as:  getting the menu. It was printed on a cheap piece of paper & the menu items were very limited but PRICEY!! Salads were $13 not including $6 for chicken (if you want it added). Sandwiches were all starting at $13 and the entrees were starting at $18. All the meals come by itself & the "sides" are all extra, starting at $8.00! After we sat there for 10 min. finally this guy cautiously approached us & stood about 10 feet from our table & after an awkward pause he asked us if we were being helped?  Really weird! We asked what draft beer he recommended... ALL OF THEM, he says... again, really strange.  We ordered the kale citrus salad ($8.00) & enchiladas ($20) w/ an extra plate as we were going to share. Again, we asked the waiter what dish was most popular & he responds with  EVERYTHING is GOOD!! ... okay you're really helpful. After about 20 more minutes we flagged down the waiter & asked if our salad was coming out anytime soon? He said (I kid you not), I was going to bring it out with the entree!! Thankfully our salad came out but then the "shock" set in. The waiter brought out a huge plate with this 4 inch diameter bowl w/ about 3 oz of salad in this tiny bowl. I was so shocked I immediately asked him if this was our salad? he replies, Oh Yes!   I then asked him if this was the $8.00 salad and he just stares at me... (another awkward pause)... then he asks me if I want to talk to the manager?  I just gave up & said no. Obviously this was not a mistake and there was no reason for me to go on and complain about it ... We each picked up our fork and ate (maybe) 3 small bites each of salad & it was gone. Just then the enchiladas were brought out on another large platter/plate. Again shock set in. They were the smallest enchiladas I've ever seen and there were 3 of them on this huge plate. The tortilla shells were a little bigger than a street taco size but not quite big enough for a larger taco traditionally found in mexican restaurants. They were extremely hard & very difficult to cut through with a knife. My initial bite was lukewarm with the shell being extremely hard & the inside meat being almost cold. It was supposed to be tri-tip but it was not!! (we know steak meat) ... plus there was hardly any meat in the enchilada. There was sauce on top which was absolutely disgusting. It was obvious this was some kind of wine sauce but the wine had not been reduced correctly so the sauce was absolutely bitter & inedible. My husband & I were so shocked by the total experience that we weren't paying attention to what was going on around us. The table of 6 had just left after a bit of a commotion. My husband observed that the man at the head of the table asked to speak to the manager & then the whole table got up & left, leaving 6 meals almost untouched. We don't know if they paid or had a family emergency or what, but it seemed very strange. Right about then, I happened to notice the 4 people sitting near us & all of their food that had come out at the same time as our enchiladas were all in doggy bags! Now they were leaving. After our experience with the ridiculously small portions and poor taste, I would venture to say we weren't the only ones EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in this pretty expensive meal.Now everything made sense... the owners must be ex-hotel restaurant owners where you have captured customers that will pay a high price for under-sized portions. Needless to say I will NOT be back nor will I be recommending this place to anyone.
5	Great area, terrible location where previous good restaurants have failed because no one from Scottsdale Road can see the place. It is behind the California Pizza Kitchen and was previously "Seasons" Restaurant which was a great restaurant.Does not help the the restaurant sign is placed backwards to help locate this place. When you find the restaurant,  it is worth searching for. Beautiful inside seating with an outside area.Shared for lunch the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, Soy Glazed Beef and Soba Noodles and Sea Bass.All 3 were winners, one of the better meals I have had in a long time. Perfectly prepared Sea Bass on a bed of rice, the Soy Glazed Beef and Soba Noodles were excellent with the beef perfectly prepared. The Ahi Tuna Sandwich was very good.Our waiter Tony never let our drinks get below the middle of the cup.The bill that came was ingenious,  it itemized each person and gave a total so if everyone was paying separate it would be so easy to pay your portion.Enjoyed everything about this place and will be back and also have a large family dinner here soon.Just hope the location does not kill this gem of a restaurant.  Will spread the word to eat here and will certainly be back. Great job The Standard!
4	After reading the first round of yelp reviews and the "First Taste" Chow Bella write-up, Lindsey D and I decided we'd go check this place out...As a side note, I hadn't been to this location since it was Sandbar and that was years ago.  They did a great job with the redesign; there is something for everyone with bar seating, lounge / comfy chair options, and a more formal dining area too.  The bathrooms are spacious and clean as well.We met there mid-morning.  I arrived first and headed into the market side.  The place was pretty empty aside from a couple of staff members.  I ordered a coffee (an Americano) and a juice (Tickled Pink) and found a spot at the bar to sit and set-up shop from.About five minutes later, I was told that they could not make the "Tickled Pink" because they were out of pineapple juice.  It's supposed to be made from strawberry, pineapple, orange, ginger and kiwi.  Not a huge deal, I told them to do lemon and orange instead.  And it actually came out tasting great.  Lindsey joined me shortly after that and had a lemonade.  We worked for awhile; it's worth noting that the wifi worked really well.  (Insider tip: password is "livingthestandard.")  Our own personal bartender, Lauren, arrived shortly after that and couldn't have been friendlier or more attentive.We then ordered the Mediterranean Duo to share.  Lindsey had a Caesar Salad with Salmon and I had the Turkey Burger per Lauren's suggestion.  We were both extremely pleased with everything we ordered except the baba ganoush on the Mediterranean Duo.  The hummus on the other hand, was great!All of that being said, The Standard has been open less than three weeks and while they may be working out a few kinks, the future looks really bright for this locally owned biz.  I wish them the best of luck and look forward to returning real soon.
5	My boyfriend and I went yesterday for drinks and appetizers. Everything was great! We tried several of the drinks... The Eternal Sunset was my favorite while my boyfriend really like the Disco Lemonade. The fresh juices in the drinks really make a difference. As for food, we got the guacamole, salsa and chips and the turkey meatballs. I really loved how the turkey meatballs were different from anywhere else I've been. The the sauce that the meatballs were served in was really good, and the Gorgonzola cheese in it really set it off. We will definitely be back!
2	Want to like it but place was empty, average overpriced food. Backwards sign in a hidden location. I give it six months and it will most likely meet the same fate of the others who have tried to make it in this location.
5	Stopped in to try this place on a whim and was truly impressed. Met a friend there at the bar for a quick app and ended up staying awhile. The positive impressions...had the hummus and roasted ganoush to start...seriously some of the most authentic tasting spreads I've had in Scottsdale. Large portions of each. Both were obviously hand crafted which is a huge plus. Not sure where I could get something comparable to this around town. Haven't seen it. Excellent job. On the alcohol side of things I ventured out and tried the 'College Street Blue Van' Hefe. Don't normally ordered fruit infused pints but this one is remarkable. Would definitely order it again. Great hot weather brewski. Our entrees were the Brick Chicken Club and the Angus grass fed burger. Both dishes were above average and generously portioned. The Aioli spread was fantastic on both sandwiches. The herb and parmasean shoestring fries as our side were equally tasty. We got there during happy hour so be sure to ask the server for the specials. The hummus plate was like half off and they'll refill your toasted bread if you need that. Noticed that they have a grab and go smoothie/ coffee bar which should do well with early morning travelers headed to the nearby high school etc. All in all a really nice first visit. Service was great, ambiance and music added to the experience. Real clean, visual inside. The music is retro with some big band sounds every now and then. The patio is on the shady side of the building next to the front door. Looking forward to sitting out there when the temperatures dip a bit. Hopefully they'll put a fire pit out there and have a kick ass happy hour. That would be very well received ;)Will be back for sure ;)
5	Went to check out this place on my recent visit to my family's home in Scottsdale. I was super impressed by the creativity and the freshness of the menu. It is not often that I see a restaurant menu and want to try mostly everything! My date and I started with the brussel sprout salad. We loved the crunchy texture and the vinaigrette with miso! For my entree I had the roasted chicken. It was absolutely heavenly! I must say it puts Bandera's chicken to shame. My boyfriend had the mussels. Even though it was a bit warm out for an entree with hot broth he was really impressed with the flavors. Also the Gold Dust drink was really tasty.  We will be back when we visit for Spring Training!
5	Happy to have a new option in the neighborhood!!  I have stopped in to The Standard twice since it has opened.  Once for happy hour and once for dinner.  I am a huge fan of happy hour and will definitely add this place to my "rotation".  The chicken sate was my favorite.Met anther couple there for dinner a few Fridays ago and was equally pleased.  Great food, service and cocktails.  All four of us were super happy with our dinner and even happier about our cocktails!  : )  Really good.  Will be back!
4	A great ambience and good food. A little pricy, but I hope this place is here to stay. It reminds me of the Lux, where it's multiple things in one. There is a bar inside and outside, dining area, and an area in the back called marketplace for juice and breakfast. The entire place is massive.I live close by, so I'll be back for sure.
4	It's a great place with healthy food that's actually good.. Service was good and the owner is very on hands. It's near my house so even when I'm in a rush I'll stop in to get a good smoothie..
2	We had hoped we would have been pleasantly surprised, as nothing in this spot has ever lasted very long, and we live in this neighborhood.   The parking lot was empty, as well as the restaurant (we were the only ones there) and we were there at lunch time.  The restaurant is beautiful and very well appointed.  We found the menu interesting but very limiting.  Our server was extremely nice and our meal was okay. I believe, they are looking to cater to a certain clientele, but I don't think they are in the right area for that. They seem to be going after the True Food crowd..but this doesn't cut it.  They have a market area, that really had very little in it, except for dozens of pop chip bags on the shelf.  I hope they make it, I don't think they will.
5	Amazing food! Amazing ambiance! Excellent service. The GM came to talk with us and everything! Everyone come check out this new restaurant!
5	Delicious!! The food was amazing and the service was amazing! We had the tri-tip enchiladas and the hangar steak with chicken wings for the app. Everything was cooked correctly (the cucumber ranch sauce was to die for) and was presented beautifully. Not a lot of patrons but we went at an off time. The waiter was super attentive and the decor was very nice. I highly recommend seeking this hidden gem out it if you're in the area!
4	Great atmosphere, comfort food with a modern elegant twist.  Best dog friendly patio in Scottsdale.  We will be regulars.
5	My new favorite place.Hamburger is really good, but you gotta try the Duck Tacos....wow I'm impressed.Lona a bartender/server is an asset to the restaurant!!!!!
5	Great ambiance - outdoor chairs for a chill night, great patio - that's where we sat. Outside bar then nice indoor dining and indoor bar. TVs are around if there's a game on. It's a big place, but cool vibe. Got the white sangria per our server's suggestion - very yummy and strong! I got the standard burger with the Caesar salad and the parmesan frittes. Got the garlic aioli and chipotle aioli on the side. Very good. The shoestring fries I could eat nonstop. Amazing!! Burger was good, nicely cooked. We also had soba beef noodles dish which was very good! We didn't get an appetizer but there were so many good ones to choose from. I loved our waiter, he was very knowledgable and professional and friendly. We will definitely be back! We want to try the brunch and I'll be coming here with my girlfriends on Thursday for ladies night. Fantastic deals!! Worth trying!
5	Love this place. Will be back for sure! Had the chicken and waffles amazing! First time here. Great menu.
5	I've now been here four times and love it! The happy hour prices are a steal and the daily specials ($1 champagne and $15 bottle and bruschetta) are great deals. The patio and outside bar are fantastic, and the Food is delicious! I highly recommend trying this hidden gem out!
5	Love this place!! I went to it because I saw a Yelp Ad for it when it first opened up. One of the owners, Allen, greeted me at the door and took a great interest in what I thought about the food since they had just opened. I ordered the veggie platter for a take out lunch and was pleasantly surprised by a neat concoction of local fresh grilled veggies including asparagus and artichoke!  Apparently they change this dish up depending on what's in season and on the shelf. I took my parents there shortly after and they LOVED it! So we went back again with some guests visiting from out of town. Every time, amazing food!! And I just love that some dishes use local produce! There's a big room in the back perfect for parties. And it's a great place for a first date!
1	Let me sum up the place in one word.... Incompetent. I have been to the Standard before and the food was good. So I decided to take my girlfriend there tonight and what a mistake that was. When we arrived we asked to be seated outside. The hostess took us to our table and Said a waiter would be by for our order 5 mins go by and the hostess comes back with water (still no waiter). All of the waiters were inside putting lights on the tables. Let me remind you, we were the only table with guest at  it so it's not like they were busy. Another two minutes go by and I ask the hostess to please get us a waiter. Finally a waiter comes out that was already cut for the night and takes our drink order. We are the passed from one waiter back to the hostess. As you can see no on talks. They are too busy putting lights on tables. We finally order and it takes 30mins for our food to arrive. During this time another couple arrives and sits behind us. They didn't seem to have an issue getting food. In fact both of there appetizers arrived before our 1 salad and 1 pasta dish. our food arrives and its.....inedible. The salmon on the salad is cold and the steak on the pasta might as well be a hockey puck.I walk into the restaurant and hand the waitress my card so we can leave. The manager the whole time is standing outside on his phone. It then dawns on me that the problem all along is that the manager is too busy on his phone than to help his staff. Save your money and go elsewhere. If the manager doesn't care to help his guest or staff you shouldn't care to go.
1	Worst experience!!! We sat down and our host had to come over 3 times before our waitress even came over. And come to find out the hostess was our server. Apparently some miscommunication between the staff. The place was dead and another couple that had arrived 10 minutes after us got an appetizer before our order was even taken. They were over staffed. We could see four servers stranding around talking. It took almost 40 minutes for us to get our food and it was terrible! Paid the bill and got out of there. My boyfriend spoke with the manager who was outside on his cell phone and he managed our concerns very poorly. Didn't even offer to take care of part of he meal or offer us some sort of deal to come back. Terrible service, terrible food. Never going back again!
5	Do not let the location fool you!  Albeit, the previous businesses have failed at this corner... I have full faith and want this restaurant to succeed! This is my neighborhood and there needs to be a modern clean cut dinning establishment here. The Standard has a wide variety of American favorites.... which means it is a very diverse menu!  Amazing hand crafted cocktails!A farm fresh menu from local growers!Healthy alternitives to processed chain restaurants nearby!
5	Great food, friendly staff, unique layout so you can see everything going on in the kitchen.  They also have a wide variety of foods from smoothies to booze.  They can accommodate you.
3	We decided to try the Standard as a change from going to CPK right next door. It was a Monday night and there were a few people at the bar and outside on the patio. The main dining room was empty but we sat there anyway. Quick points The server was good, pleasant and had a sense of humor I had the hangar and fries. It was excellent My better half had fish tacos, ordered cooked through. The halibut was done right but was on the dry side, but acceptable. Prices are reasonable for the quality Overall not a bad experience, but not a definite revisit
5	I wanted to go back and try this place for lunch today. I had the brussels sprout salad with chicken, absolutely delicious!! I met up with a friend of mine it was her first time eating there she loved it too. Try desert for the first time. Chocolate beet cake. Love it!!
5	It is such a big place! Located where Abe's deli used to be but this is definitely an upgrade. The patio looks really nice, I can't wait to visit it with our pup. Order the turkey burger. I love turkey burgers and try them almost everywhere we go, this one was something special for sure, with a mountain of delicious french fries! The interior is really pretty and the service was super friendly. You won't regret it!
1	food is awfulprices are too expensive for what you getand the teas were awfulsteak was not real steak it was covered with a sauce and the fries was grossalso, the caesar was not real caesar it had tomatoes and the dressing was awfulthe carpet was dirtyhard to find
3	We went with a large group on a Saturday. The restaurant wasn't overly crowded, but service want impressive. The value here is a stretch, paying a bit much for what you get. Deviled eggs were delicious, though not as good as mom's (of course!). Duck confit tacos were unique and tasty. Friend really enjoyed the vegetarian quinoa burger, while another was disappointed with the steak. Drinks were priced excessively. Overall, we had a good time, but if you're looking for value for your money, choose elsewhere.
2	Came here for Sunday brunch with a group of friends and all excited to try it out as we had heard some great thing ... But left really disappointedTo start, Waited over ten minutes for drinks and a Bloody Mary that tasted like sink water with an entire jar of pepper... Also had a side of arugula come out with dirt all over it. Food was mediocre and came out all cold and had to send a dish back to even melt the cheese. Another friend had a hair in his meal. We even tried to ask another blonde waitress for help and before we got what we were asking for she responded "ya ya ya" ... Haha thanks for not helping and being a nice person And I understand splitting a check 15 ways sucks but was a bit of a process that took more than 30 minutes This would be a one star but I've served and a lot of the issues was not our servers fault ... He was nice enough to take the dish with hair and terrible drinks off our tab. This falls on the kitchen and bar- I'll be surprised if this place makes it
1	In short, just another Scottsdale hack of a restaurant.  I really do not understand how they got all these positive reviews, though if you peruse the highlights they don't seem to mention anything specific.Our meals were off today so we came in for dinner around 450pm.  The place was pretty dead as expected.  They started to seat us in the main dining room and then changed course to the sectioned off area which wasn't bad until a baby started screaming.  The little section is nice and cozy but has nothing to absorb sound so even with the family and us it got loud enough to have to yell.The decor is very nice.  I really like the finishes they chose and the furniture is pretty classic.  There are numerous TVs which were nice too since we wanted to watch football.  There were actually 2 in the little living room and they were kind enough to change the channel so we can watch both the 49ers/seahawks and broncos/chargers game.  The service was VERY slow considering there were all of 3 tables to serve in the whole place, but we didn't mind til the end of the game.  I guess maybe they want to keep the Sandbar vibe alive?Anyway, the food:  we started with the pretzels - basically 3 pretzel rolls.  They were actually pretty good.  They came with a mustard vinaigrette that I thought was creative (my friend did not like it much) and a cheese sauce that I thought was not very good.  I'm not sure if it was their take on pimento cheese?  It was decent, but here's the thing - it was 10 bucks and some places give it away with dinner.  It wasn't special enough or portioned well enough to warrant the price tag.I got the taco plate - they didn't have duck so I took the chicken, beef, and fish.  They all sounded good with different slaws and aoli, etc.  Unfortunately they meant sliced cabbage and carrots and not a whole lot of sauce you can taste.  One of the tacos had kale and half of the pieces in the taco were yellow.  The chicken taco somehow was so soggy that the tortilla was soaked through before the plate got to the table.  The tacos were pretty inedible by themselves, I would definitely recommend asking for some hot sauce or salsa.  My friend had the standard burger and it actually came with the best thing we had there - fries.  The $15 burger was pretty lame - 2 slices of bacon that wasn't crisped enough and weren't thick enough and a slice of cheese on a thick greasy patty.  The meat actually had seasoning in it but damn, this is their namesake burger and it was all brown and gray.  Except for the patty - that was pretty red in the middle (they didn't ask..).  No pickle, tomato, onion, or lettuce.We were so disappointed in the food, we will probably not feel adventurous for a while!
